 Lol I saw a dude posing with a dead deer. Like...I guess that's cool. Then I get dudes posing with guns and/or their car. Classy. 




 That's...that's amazing. 




 There is a communication breakdown here. She clearly does not want you running with this girl. Has she explained that to you? What she's doing is punishing you for running with this girl in an effort to get you to stop, when she should just explain how it makes her feel.

If she did something similar with a guy, how would you feel? If she point blank asked you to stop running with the girl, would you?

A lot of people in the thread are calling her a bitch and a jealous cunt and I really feel like it's unfair. Every relationship has to deal with jealousy to some extent. You need to talk to her about this.  




 I really like your quote, "There is strength in solitude." Lately I have been focusing on being okay with myself and learning how to deal with my emotional issues on my own. When I tried to open up to others, I never felt like it did anything and I ended up just regretting opening up. I kind of had the epiphany that in the end we are alone, but that I was okay with it. 




 Ugh the same thing happened to me when I was making a little cat cave with super thick yarn. My hands were totally destroyed and my damn cat wouldn't even go in it! AJDKSJFS 




 Aha best gif ever! 




 Ahaha my mom does this all the time. My grandma and me are in a war with my mom against bad photos. 




 Okay, so I think there's three options here.

1.) She doesn't realize feminist is not the same as feminine.

2.) She believes feminism's goal is to feminize men or make them more like women.

3.) She actually understands feminism but doesn't agree with it, and believes it makes men less masculine.

I just kind of stared into space for a bit and then went back to work. 




 My dad is hilarious about this, because if we ever go out to eat or something he asks me if I know how to get there, and if I say no, I'll just look it up on my phone, he immediately launches into this extremely detailed list of directions and it's gotten to the point where I just let him finish and then punch the address in on my phone lol. I'm not going to remember all of that information anyway. 




 It irritates me too because whenever people find out I'm an atheist I feel the need to say that I don't hate religion. Atheism takes up literally zero time in my life. I just don't believe in God and don't have a religion. But the stigma is that I hate religion and spend a lot of hours on /r/atheism bashing Christians and Muslims.  




 My mom believes this and I don't know how to convince her it isn't true. She said her legs got bulky just from walking her dog... 




 My ex was horrible about understanding my anxiety. We would be in public and I would start getting extremely anxious, so I would say I think I need to leave. He would be confused, say that I didn't look anxious, and proceed to continue doing whatever we were doing in public (shopping or whatever). Then I would say, I need to leave, I'm leaving, and he would get all butthurt and claim I used my anxiety as an excuse to not spend time with him. Sigh. Hence the ex part. 




 Yeah that's...possible. I assume it was just a misunderstanding of what the term feminist means haha. 




 Not supporting equal rights for women, so manly! 









 He is crazy hot. And couple that with his awesome sexy voice? Umf. 




 Aww. My mom says the same thing to me. I got divorced recently and she tells me all the time how happy I am and how the "old me" is back. Pff. I'm still lonely as hell and just cause I got divorced doesn't mean my depression just disappeared. 

My advice is to throw yourself into something to keep your mind off of things. I bought a bunch of video games because when I was married I never, ever spent any money on myself, and at night if I was feeling alone I'd throw myself into a game. Also I drank a lot of rum. Things will get better :) 




 And then the next day when you're wearing no makeup, "Are you sick?" 




 It does feel like people who are overweight get this bad rap of being a grumpy person. Or, if an overweight person happens to be grumpy that day it's all of a sudden, well, she's grumpy cause she's fat. It's kind of bullshit. 

It just makes no sense the amount of hatred people can spew over someone's freakin' weight. Like I went on /r/fatpeoplehate and was just floored. People waste time over this? 

Not to even mention the double standard of fat dudes vs. fat chicks. Like one of the friends I was hanging out with was an overweight dude, and even he was getting in on it. No one gives a shit if a guy is overweight, and if the overweight dude can't get chicks, it's because girls are shallow, but if an overweight girl can't get dudes it's her fault because she's fat. UGH!  




 Right? The whole situation was just bizarre and made me sad.  




 I know, all I could think about was how I would feel if I were in that position. I sort of mentioned that, and they said, well, you aren't fat and you don't complain about not getting guys. It's like...I think you're missing the point.

I just really want a group of awesome girlfriends damn it! At least I have TrollX. 




 It is. Especially because they are older than me. I sort of called them out on it, and said something like, who cares if she's fat, and they got really defensive are started saying, well, she has a bad personality too. It's like...what the fuck. 




 Basically I started hanging out with some friends of a friend, and one of them is pretty overweight. As soon as she left everyone started talking about how fat she was and how she can't expect to get a guy looking like that. It was pretty obnoxious...they talked about her all night, these people are all close to 30 so it was pretty sad. 

I probably won't go out with them again. 









 Aw thanks for the support. I don't have a lot of female friends so it's awesome to be able to go on TrollX. Everyone is so supportive and cool. 

I do believe that a relationship could work if both people were invested. But I think it's super rare. Especially as people get older and grow apart and change. I don't know. I guess I'm not holding out for some great relationship in the future, because I feel like I worked really hard in my relationship, and in the end it didn't matter because he didn't want to put the effort in, you know?  




 Haha no you're right. At this point I'm sort of like, meh, is it even possible for two people to remain faithful to each other. Especially since around the same time my parents started having issues with possible infidelity on both sides. And I guess my dad creeps on young girls on Facebook. Like wtf. I just hate getting older and everyone you think is so amazing turns out to not be... 




 That's true! I think most girls assume you would want them to be snippy about your ex. But I can relate, my mom still talks shit about my ex even though we've been over since October. And she keeps trying to set me up with weirdos lol. 




 Aw, well I'm sure they were just trying to be supportive, even if you weren't ready for a relationship yet.  




 Yeah, I personally doubt that it's possible. But I was recently cheated on so I'm bitter.  




 Aw that's sweet. 




 Hey, I'm looking for new friends too. I'll try to make it Friday! I haven't been to 42 Lounge in forever. 




 Lol my brother does the same thing! 




 Me too! Honestly he's just going through a lot right now. He really does have a good heart. He's just...I don't know. He will figure things out eventually.  




 He's... Going through some stuff. So I forgive him for being a little crazy. He still treats me with respect. I just know he is extremely depressed and his way of dealing with it is to have sort of extremist philosophies.  




 My brother, who believes in similar things red pillers do, 100% does not believe lesbians are real. He admits gay men exist, but he claims no woman is a lesbian. And if they do engage in sexual activity with a woman its either because one, mental illness, or two, male attention. 

Sigh.  




 You too!  




 I'm sorry you had to deal with that. My best guy friend from high school opened up to me about his wife being physically abusive, and showed me bruises. It was insane. I was friends with her as well and she painted this picture that he was this verbally abusive asshole and then he shows me evidence of her physical abuse... Like wtf. 

I told him to take a video of her abusing him because it was so constant. He stopped talking to me because she was apparently jealous of his interaction with me. I hope he's doing okay.  




 He's older, late 20s, she's 19 or 20 I think. Either she's young and naive or he's lying to her about having a job. 

He is really good at lying. But whatever, I don't have to deal with that shit anymore!  




 Woo-hoo! Awesome job girl!  




 WOW. That is incredibly depressing. 

My ex doesn't even have a job haha. But somehow attracts younger girls? I just want her phone number so when she realizes what a fuck up he is we can go out and get drinks together. Nothing like bonding with a girlfriend over disdain for a mutual ex lol.  




 Lol my ex husband does the same bullshit. He told me all about the new girl he claims to be in love with. You know what I don't want to do when I fall in love with someone? Text me ex. Ignore him, what a fucking tool.  




 Her face isn't horrible, she just needs to lose some weight I think.  




 I second this, need to know where you got your awesome ottoman.  




 I second this, need to know where you go your awesome ottoman.  




 Thanks for the advice. My divorce pushed me in a lot of ways to put myself out there and socialize more. I had so much anxiety initially, especially when going on dates, but now I'm noticing that's subsiding which is a huge relief. I'd like to get back to the point where I only had situational anxiety. 

I think you're right about finding a guy who isn't depressed. My ex fed off of my moods and would be down when I was down, and it wasn't helpful. 

I find that when I get depressed, my body and brain tell me to lay in bed to make it feel better. My strategy now is to get out and do things, to fake it, like you said. This has helped me a lot. It's hard to fight against that feeling though. A mantra for me had basically become "I can't" so I think in many ways my fight now is to just convince myself that I can.  




 I just wondered because I suffer from anxiety and depression. I believe that's part of the reason why my own marriage failed and my ex decided to cheat. 

It makes it hard to date because honestly I don't even know who I am without my depression. I get down on myself thinking no one wants to be with a girl who has depression. And even if I meet a great guy I think eventually he won't like me because of my issues. 




 That's really interesting. How are you doing now?  




 We got married too young and for the wrong reasons. We had a rocky relationship from the start, we realized we were not all that sexually compatible, and essentially were just bringing each other down. 

I stuck it out because of pride and not wanting to admit I made a mistake in getting married. I only divorced when I found out he was having an affair with my best friend.  




 That flex photo, yummy. 




 Yes, moar please. 




 This reminds me of a guy I knew once who was married and had a ton of affairs with women he met online. His wife found out about it and decides to sleep with one guy for revenge. Husband goes ballistic and kicks her out. His excuse was that "it's different for men, men never get over infidelity."

Like dude, you were banging 10± chicks behind your wife's back. God that guy was a piece of shit.  




 It makes zero sense to me too. I'm always thinking, you can't jerk off to a woman and despise them at the same time. It's not right!  




 People will find any way to judge you, regardless of what you say. I opened up on here about my husband having an affair and I got a few weirdos who told me it was my fault. It sucked but the majority of the comments I received were very nice :)  




 We absolutely should because I missed it! I'll bring dessert :)  




 Honest? He claims he has a fit body. He's either a liar or entirely delusional. 




 You aren't everyone. It simply isn't helpful to everyone who is suicidal. Most times there is absolutely nothing you can say, the only thing you can do is be there so they do not harm themselves or take them to a professional.  




 Yay! I'm going to PM you.  




 Hey! I'm looking for new friends to hang out with. I recently got divorced and realized how little friends I have. I'd love to hang out with other women who are redditors and have similar interests. 

I don't mind if you're attached, but I'm single so I would love to go out with someone to meet guys! I'm looking to just have fun at this point in my life. 

I want to get outside more and do active things but I don't know a lot of people. I like hiking, exploring, geocaching, etc. I love beer and trying new kinds, exploring different bars and restaurants. 

Hope to hear from you! 




 Wow. That's absolutely excessive. Is there anything good about him that would keep you around? 

My ex was very controlling and would get mad at me if I went out with friends, guy or girl. So I stopped. After five years of being together I had dwindled all of my friends down to one. It sucked.  




 None of this sounds normal honestly, or healthy. He sounds like he is insecure and wants to control your life by being emotionally manipulative. 

It might be mild now, but what happens if in the future he asks you to stop hanging out with your guy friend altogether? He doesn't sound like he has YOUR interests in mind at all. 

Personally, having had experience with this type of guy, I would get out of that relationship. In my experience these guys only get worse over time.  




 Now that I think about it, that movie is completely fucked up. Wow.  




 This is one of those people who goes around talking about how fucking random and weird they are all the time.  




 Wow what a tool. 




 Oh my god. That is so fucking hilarious and so sad at the same time. 




 That sounds awful. I hope she gets the help she needs. 




 I don't believe people in a great relationship cheat. If someone is cheating that relationship has a lot of problems.  




 Well, he admitted to the affair, but covered up a lot of details about it. It took me a few months of sleuthing, talking to the woman who he cheated with, talking to her husband, to really get a picture of what really happened. And I'll never know for sure. It's a messy business. 

The other big factor for me was that they didn't use a condom. So they risked pregnancy and stds. They risked my health. All to have an affair. It's just gross.  




 I don't see what I did as punishment at all. I just don't want to be with a person who has an affair. For a lot of reasons. But my decision was about me and how I could be happy. Not about punishing him.  




 There was a period of about a week after finding out about it that I was still weighing my options. I asked him some details about the affair (instead of coming clean he lied about a lot of the details and hid the fact that it happened multiple times rather than once), he looked at me, disgusted, and said, "When are you going to get over this?" 

I realized then that he did not realize how much he had hurt me, and he never would. He would never be the man I wanted to spend the rest of my life with. I made my decision and I'm happy about it.  




 Honestly it's quite complicated. There are a lot of details about the cheating that I won't go into online. But it was a combination of factors that led me to my decision. Why he cheated, who he cheated with, where he cheated, how many times it happened, what he thought while he was cheating, did he have remorse or guilt after before I knew about it. 

Then there is family and how they responded. My mom, who I'm close to, was livid. She said I could never bring him to her house ever again. Word spread throughout the family and everyone despised him. I would never be able to bring him to Christmas without it being a huge awkward moment for all of us. I regret telling my mother now, but maybe it was for the best. It is important to me that my family love and respect the man I am with, and that wasn't true anymore. 

In addition to that, it was how I was feeling in the marriage prior to the cheating. I was massively depressed and never felt like I could rely on him for anything. We were both starting to realize how little we had in common. We went to therapy, and realized how terrible we were at communicating with each other. Honestly it was a mess before the cheating. 

Despite any of that, for whatever reason, finding out he cheated was one of the most traumatic experiences of my life. And I'm thankful my life is good enough that getting cheated on (so far) is the worst thing to happen to me. But it's hard to explain why it hurts so much. I don't think I really have an answer for you. 

Some nights I feel lucky I was cheated on because it gave me the courage to leave a marriage I wasn't happy in. So I don't know. We were both unhappy. But it's hard to really be honest with yourselves in a marriage when things aren't working.  




 Yeah! I'm sure he thinks the same of me lol. But every day it gets easier and I think I'm at the point where I don't regret being married, it was an experience that taught me a lot.  




 Ew. Ew ew ew.  




 Seriously I got wet just looking at them.  




 Hm, I'm not sure if I believe that, but I don't believe my relationship was healthy at all. I think we were both just young and resentful of each other for tying each other down too soon.  




 Good on you. Single life is not that bad. I love how much freedom I have now. It is a tough road so I hope you have friends and family to be there for you. But it's not as bad as staying in a relationship with someone who cheated.  




 I think it was a lot of reasons, I could write a book about it honestly. Let me just say this, I am divorced now and my sex drive has returned. 

I think it was mainly one, I was severely depressed, for whatever reason. I would literally not self lubricate and so sex was painful. Two, I just wasn't attracted to him anymore. He was really emotionally manipulative, incredibly jealous and would get upset if I went anywhere without him. Three, we were never really sexually compatible to begin with. I love dominant guys, he loved dominant girls. See the problem? 

Lots of reasons. Mainly issues of compatibility. If I could go back I would never have gotten married. I was young and dumb and believed in true love and soul mates.  




 He was, yeah. I think he seriously thought if he cheated and then told me about it, I'd be all over him and the sex would improve. He was kind of dumb.  




 If it makes you feel better, I moved across the country to be with someone and it was the worst decision I've ever made! I regret it still.  




 Dude that's me! If we lived in the same city we could go out together lol.  




 It's never too late! Get in shape and fuck all the people.  




 I'm 24 too! Yay. And I'm depressed about this thread :( 




 I'm realizing this now at 24, just got divorced. I'm just gonna have some fun dammit. I don't want a relationship. Here's to divorced women being slutty!  




 I admit that you're right about her face haha. Especially next to Amy Adams.  




