 Aurey already had 9k subs, Chad just 54 xD 




 Maybe you're right, maybe you're wrong. I guess we'll see what will happen :) PVP was fun, they just did the PVP event after which Sethbling moved out the border to a million blocks diameter, but I thought we were all talking about the vanilla server. There has been enough minecraft lately. Four Mindcrackers were playing Crash Landing, there were three duos playing Diversity maps (plus B-team a few episodes), there was Survival of the Fittest, there was Color of Infinity... PVP maps are fun, absolutely, but I thought we were talking about the "dead" vanilla server. I see this as two separate things. 




 I think, as far as Mindcrack even needs to be saved, they have already taken down the world border. The activity seems already increased since Halloween and the reveal of Chad as being the new Mindcracker. A lot of people are already getting back in the game and this will only increase now that the world border is gone. 




 Thank you! :) 




 Where can I find this? 




 Lol that preview for the next episode! Nice episode guys, glad you found the temple at last :) 




 Yeah me too. I was like: "where did they get all the wireless access stuff for the ME network?!" 




 That explains everything. I was already wondering whether I missed an episode or not. 




 Right now /u/brighteyes890 is in first with 8 votes :) 




 Yay for our own opinions :-) 




 Whatever, at least it's far away. That's my point. 




 Permanently gone.

edit: Out of sight until Kurt grabs it. Seth set it out a million blocks away. 




 Oh my, Chad and Vechs. Please no. 




 I live in Nijmegen so both Arnhem and Utrecht are easily accessible for me. My only problem is that I'm at my parents' house almost every weekend, which is not even near Arnhem or Utrecht. :( Maybe I can fit it in somewhere, let me know if this is becoming a thing and you have picked a date, okay? 




 [Did you downvoters need a source for that?](https://twitter.com/docm77/status/531418337423949824)

edit: First of all, this post may seem strange later tonight but the above comment was downvoted a lot before I added the source. Second of all, I am wondering why /u/jlim201's post wasn't downvoted. That's all. 




 Millbee: *oh baby, a tripleeeeee!* Can't get that out of my head. Not really a meme though.

Maybe Bdubs testing out his first fireplace followed by burning down both half his house and a part of the roofed forest. 




 Doc is also maybe releasing a Mindcrack episode tonight. 




 Yeah okay your idea already sounds more reasonable ;) 




 I just noticed this and I don't really know if it's intended or not, but it bothers me :P I just searched for a post from last week which contained a suggestion, so I used the link flair search option on the reddit here. When you click on Suggestion, it will also show you all Survival of the Fittest posts. Is it possible to change this? My guess is that it has something to do with the pink color of both flairs, it's exactly the same. If not, ignore this, I guess ;) 




 There has been a similar post but I can't seem to find it. Maybe it got deleted already, but that person had a similar idea. He said the server should be online one day per week, which I highly disagree with. Now the difference between your and his post is that you're not taking down the server for the rest of the week (and maybe pick a daily time?) but yeah. I don't think you can "force" them to get online at a certain moment. It would disturb their recording schedules, also for other series, because they are all busy with a lot of things besides vanilla server. If the guys (and girl) feel like it, they should definitely play on the server, not when we want them to.

edit: [found it!](http://www.reddit.com/r/mindcrack/comments/2lgznw/suggestiontake_the_mindcrack_server_offline_for_6/) OP didn't add the Suggestion link flair. 




 BEFORE IT LAYS EGGS 




 GTA and Mario Kart, nice thinking :D I enjoy these 




 Oh that bathtub duck game thing, goofy stuff like that! :D 




 My part in this, although most of these, if not all, are probably already mentioned:

* Gmod! At least Prop Hunt and TTT.
* Race for the Wool!! Sips + Hatfilms vs Lewis, Sjin, Duncan and Simon
* Octodad (I miss this Duncan and Kim!!)
* Civ would be nice, Civ 5 or Beyond Earth, I don't really have any preference
* Hearthstone by Rythian
* Some sort of survival minecraft with QA?
* Minecraft bingo? That was really fun with Lewis and Simon, maybe try this with a few more people! 




 And the bees are also outside the station. I really like this series so far :) I tried to play this map but I got really frustrated because of all the mobs. It's probably better if you're with a few players like they are. They are now at the part where I gave up :P Yeah I know, I gave up rather quickly 




 I'm gonna watch all of this as soon as I get home. Had an exam this morning (which went horrible) and have been studying all day yesterday. :( 




 It sounds a lot like the meatballs like we make them. He uses breadcrumbs but you can also use biscuit crumbs or something like that. Only thing I don't use is the milk! I can tell you they are delicious :) 




 No, sorry. I tried considering it but all I can see is problems for the Mindcrackers with scheduling. Not even for Mindcrack vanilla, but also other series, especially when they pick another day every week. God knows when they record group events like Gmod, MK8 and Speedrunners. This might mess up their complete planning. You're talking about 30 people that you wanna have on the server around the same time. It's not even possible for them to be all 30 in a UHC.

Besides the recording, there's the obligatory part in it because they "have to play at that moment". If they don't, it's another whole week without vanilla content. We already barely have any content, let's not take away the time for them to finally record something. Why can't people just be patient for a Mindcracker to publish a certain episode for a series? All we want is more, more, more but the Mindcrackers are also human beings with a social life and choices and wishes. If someone doesn't feel like recording a bit of vanilla content, I'd rather have them wait until they feel like it than record it anyway with a sad face and sad voice. 




 Ooh I missed Chad's episode :o Gonna watch it in a bit. 




 Generikb. Found his Beecademy videos first, subscribed to him because I saw he did more Minecraft videos, started watching Mindcrack somewhere during season 4. 




 Implying each and every Dutch person on this subreddit uses an Arkas flair and implying each person with an Arkas flair is Dutch 




 Yeah, well.. I go to university and I wanna finish this year so I can graduate etc. ;) I am still perfectly on track with my cum laude but I wanna keep it like that. I watch streams and later videos during holidays etcetera, and also weekends. But not during the week. 




 Something entertaining to wake up to every day. I live in the Netherlands, a total different time zone than most Mindcrackers so I go to bed when it's ~6PM at the East Coast. I basically miss "your" whole evening with uploads and streams but I get to watch it as soon as I wake up :D 




 Someone mentioned Blood and Bones in the comments on the video, might be interesting. Or maybe pick up ME3 again but this time together with Etho? 




 Hi, it's me, the person with no PayPal. I just discovered it's actually really easy to work with PayPal so I made one and linked it to my personal bank account. Waiting for 2 more days so I can complete that process and then I'll probably subscribe to him on Twitch and/or become a patreon. :) Chad is actually one of the few Mindcrackers which I watch *very* frequently. :P I only miss his streams every now and then because I live in Europe and he starts streaming when it's 3AM here. But I often watch them back from his Twitch page :D 




 Take your time, Doc. Your content on both the Mindcrack server and in your own World Tour world will be awesome anyway :) Just come back to Mindcrack when YOU feel like it, not when we do so. 




 Awh man I tore up while listening to Aurey's episode :( 




 Maybe not Vanilla but they have been very busy with Survival of the Fittest. At the moment, Generikb is off to Spain with his wife for the week so you can expect minimal to no content from his channel. Maybe they'll get back to B-team action when Etho finds the mesa deed. Bdubs gave some strong hints in his latest episode. 




 yeah. I'm not sure when he said he would be doing a Road to 10k every two days, I think it was one of the episodes of last week. But I know he was moving and he also mentioned a few things on Twitter. He also had internet problems. 




 Millbee moved and got off his schedule. He said yesterday that there will be videos again today/tomorrow. IIRC he also once said doing the Road to 10,000 every two days instead of daily. I expect a Road to 10,000 episode tomorrow :) 




 This is my favorite so far, well done!! Amazing! 




 I am a complete fail at this but here's my attempt at drawing a [spooooooky reveal](http://i.gyazo.com/912a8ada8403cba6da62867c6f25a000.png) 




 This should be way faster now with Gendustry like they are doing now on the farm. I also want to make a base sometime and let it run off of bees completely but I have waited for a mod that could actually make it possible without all the grindy problems like there used to be. Now with Gendustry this is easier than ever. All you need is a buttload of power (which pack doesn't have Big Reactors?) and a lot of redstone and glowstone, which IIRC are also bee products. 




 I was trying to breed bees with Forestry and needed some help on something. I found Generikb's Beecademy and subscribed to him, not knowing that it was just a short series. Fortunately he also played around with bees in one of the FTB series so I watched those episodes as well. Then I kept watching his series (and later also the Vanilla episodes) and so I got to know BdoubleO first (of course) and later on the others :) 









 And now a bit more serious reaction. I have to write a scientific article before next Friday about our project of the last three weeks but I can't find any motivation :( I have an exam on Friday as well which I still have to start studying for.. Ugh :( 




 Haha yeah, exactly. I also think ABBA caving would have actually been funnier than just a race for the diamonds. I really liked the concept of Generikb's bedrock drag race :D 




 Yes I know because I watched the episode. But I was wondering why it was titled 'Sorry Pause!' while I was still watching yesterday. ;-) Because it is really sudden and at the end of the video. They were already done but Chad had really nothing to apologize for, until the lava bucket and the destroyed diamonds. 




 Thank you :P 




 It was fun but I wouldn't do it too often. :) And now related to today's videos, I have been laughing out loud at Chad's and Pause's co-op. I couldn't figure why Chad's episode was called "Sorry Pause". Maybe because he won? But he didn't win. Oh man and then that lava bucket! 




 Poor Millbee, although you probably could've used another picture of him than the one on the Mindcrack wiki. 




 I believe Anderz is going to as well. 




 Yay, thank you! 




 To be honest, I'm glad he didn't. His red hair is definitely a part of him now, his signature. Don't you dare to change this Chad! :P 




 At the start of the stream he tried to read some of the usernames in the chat and mine was one of them, he got it about right. But I don't blame him, my name is difficult to pronounce for non-Dutch people. 




 I have been smiling since the reveal, I am really happy for him :D 




 Happy cake day :D Were you on that picture he showed? 




 ~~Whoops I almost accidentally clicked report instead of reply..~~

Yeah, I don't have these either. I'll see what I can do because it's getting really frustrating that I can't support my favorite Mindcrackers :(  




 I don't know either, IIRC it's a subscriber only thing by Twitch. Whenever you subscribe to a channel it is possible you get some extra custom emoticons. I am not subscribed because I don't own any of the payment options that Twitch uses (I think I should though) so I can't tell you :( 




 Yeah and I can't stop laughing at his reactions to each and every subscription and donation. It's that sound it makes which makes him jumpscare slightly every time :D 




 His stream is only 3 minutes in and so far he has pointed at the camera whilst looking serious, right when I was yawning because it's 1AM.. Perfect timing.. and he immediately said he would never pronounce any username correctly after a donation/subscription. He attempted to read some from the chat (why do I keep typing Chad?) and got my name right lol! This is gonna be awesome :)

edit: I see the twitch icon in the side bar for Chad still has to turn orange! But thanks for the flair mods :) I'm sorry I forgot to use the OMGChad flair, was too hyped. I have been very bouncy the last 24hrs since he revealed himself. 









 Try /hqm edit and shift click the quest. That way you can manually complete it in the cheat book. Then just throw it away (or store it somewhere until you run into a similar issue) and maybe throw away the flux capacitor too if it is a consumption task. :-) 




 Aw man too bad! I really liked how the first pumpkin looked like with the details from the Jack o'Lanterns and sideway pumpkins. Well done :D 




 Only 2.5 weeks late, but Beneficial NewcumberChad :D 




 I don't think there will be a spoooky_ghost flair, just an OMGChad one, which I'm going for as soon as it's available. 




 If you translate his name it means "good sand" 




 No you were not. I was really excited and cheering out loud when he revealed his face. I have had several theories in the past week, including Chad. It had to be a newcomer. Although it would have been a huge prank like Generik wanted to do sometime, I had never believed he would've managed to. I thought for a while that it might be the person that donated the highest amount of money during the marathon, but this went on for the whole week and this would never be possible in 24hrs. BTC was also an option but he was way too busy, he started a few new series lately. It had to be a newcomer and Chad has made the switch to YouTube with gmod, Mario kart, diversity etc etc. I am really happy for him :D 




 It was, read his tumblr post :) 




 I like Chad's montage :D His cat prank is so epic! And he actually rebuilt the whole barn, my god. He sure made the Mindcrack server alive again as well, I hope it stays this way! :D I predict a co-op of Aurey and Chad bringing back the barn soon :) 




 Seems legit. Can't wait though, finally no longer undecided :-) 




 I HAVE NEVER BEEN THIS HAPPY IN MY LIFE!

edit: waiting for an OMGChad flair 




 Refresh ALL the things! 




 I can see you don't, your username seems Dutch. (Hi, fellow Dutchie here) 




 My boyfriend started the Netflix series House of Cards and he really likes it. He keeps telling me he does :P So maybe check that out as well! 




 What if your reddit username was ghost... 




 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH 




 Every time I see a Free Talk Friday thread, all I can think is: where did my week go?! 




 I also think it has to be someone from the server because he gets around the server SO easy, knows exactly where to go. Anderz was really fast but the ghost knew exactly where Anderz was. 




 Thank you. I thought I was going crazy, I remembered it the other way around of what /u/ThinWhiteMale said :P 




 Haha it's okay. This is awesome anyway! 




 Oh my god I quit when it said [Herobrine joined the game](#spoiler) lol 




 Don't witches drop glass bottles or sometimes even potions as well? I know potions are a rare drop and the witch has to be drinking one, but glass bottles are not a rare drop from witches either. 27 items! :-) 




 Denial post? :D 




 Yeah I know, so Aurey was too early 




 Aureylian was too early as well, am I right? 




 True :P
edit: oh and YOU TOO! 




 I didn't even realise this until now, oh man! But that would mean both Etho and Juicetra should die first. I bet that'll be one (or two) hell of a fight(s)! 




 Dat flair though. The mods are really into hypeing (hyping? spelling?) this. 




 Oh man, I was like YAAAY B-TEAM! but it didn't take that long until NOOO ETHOOO 




 Ah, yeah I watched his complete Diversity 2 series with Guude and commented on a regular basis, not every episode. I don't like Gmod Slender but I'll try and watch more TTT and Prop Hunt :D It's just about finding the time since I'm in the middle of my exams. 




 I don't have a credit card or PayPal or whatsoever you can use these days to donate/subscribe on e.g. Twitch, same goes for Patrons. I would LOVE to help out :( 




 I would like to see some facecam action! Let's see how they freak out from some sort of random gunshot nearby :D Also what /u/Marscall already said, some sort of episode marker. 




 You are really close to Bdubs! B-team!! :D Or is it his lookalike? 




 They would have to ask the Flan's dev. 




 Thank you. I am now on Mhykol's server and that one's okay. Just my own internet crashes every now and then but I can connect and play. 




 I can't seem to connect to BTC's fan server. Is it whitelisted or is it my connection? 




 Lol I hadn't even noticed the banner until now. Bad person . I like the downvote hover warning and the News flair a lot :) 




 Hmm must have been episode 1 then :P 




 Anderz killed Keralis. The death messages are confusing but left person shoots right person ;) 




 I thought I had read that Juicetra is near Generikb 




 Yeah I think so too.. :( So far I know Anderz throws grenades at Keralis because he hears him go mental with the gun in that house. I still don't know who was in Anderz' building though! 




 I have watched Anderz and Keralis now and I can confirm Anderz was throwing the grenades at Keralis. He was also the person that went mental with all the shots Anderz was hearing.

I am really curious as for who took away the thing Anderz put near the door! (Forgot the name) Because it was gone. That was probably what he heard instead of what he thought was the bear trap. Speedy was miles away according to the maps. 




