 I have a hard time growing out my hair without it getting for lack of a better word, gross. Been toying with the idea of extensions for awhile, and finally let go of some cash. I'm still learning how to blend them and how to make them look best, but its been fun and overall im pretty pleased with them! These are synthetic. 

[My short hair](http://imgur.com/OZiih4R)

[With them in](http://imgur.com/MVmGbEw)

[One More](http://imgur.com/2dwhsqv)
 




 I bought jessica simpson HairDo clip in extensions and i love them. im on a college budget so i got the synthetic kind, but i believe she has real hair ones too. got them off amazon! my only complaint is the netting/weft thing is a little big for my head, but i make it work.  




 Hot water music-trusty chords 




 breathe. lots and lots of oxygen. 




 I have the same problem. Let's go we're in this together  




 Depression is caused by a chemical imbalance in your brain. So even if you're consciously trying to be happy/positive, your brain won't let it last. The chemical imbalance causes you to have low mood 




 It's kind of a funny story  




 I got my tonsils out last summer and it was the most painful thing ever and this is my worst nightmare LOL I am so sorry.  




 seven. years.  




 I cried in the middle of dunkin donuts.  




 i have to picture like a feature length freaking film in my head until i pass out. but it works.  




 hahah damn it.  




 breaking bad spoilers 




 Hi Loseit!

I was wondering if anyone has or has ever tried an online fitness or weight loss coach. I was curious about how much it costs and anything else you are willing to share about the overall experience?
 




 BLESS 




 Yeah I hear you. May I ask what field you're in? That's awesome. 




 Assisting them casually or in a work atmosphere? just curious! 




 theres spaces which make it look better i just cant do it 




 Taken from Salt by Nayyirah Waheed:

If
the ocean
can calm itself,
so can you.
we 
are both
salt water,
mixed with 
air.  




 accutane...boy was that a bitch and a half. but never got it again. one helluva drug.  




 pop punk and best friends  




 it was awful. i didnt know for about 2 years (he was confused). felt completely helpless. and like there was no one else that would know me like they did.   




 Russa's Toughest Prisons on netflix  




 A Home Based Program Worker for a branch of The Arc
-i got kicked out of a nursing home bc the people working at the agency were fucking morons and didnt have an appropriate professional relationship with the home
-nursing homes smell like poop and diaper all the time and hearing people moan was something that happened constantly
-had a client with ID who the supervisors didnt teach her that it was inappropriate to call me 30 times a day (literally)
-was manipulated into working with a client with a lot of medical problems who needed her colostomy bag (poop bag) changed, her period pad changed, i had to lift her and wasnt nearly strong enough/prepared
-was told to spend 6 hours with a client with basically no idea what to do 

its endless. if you live in central PA and are in the human services field, talk to me before getting a job.. 




 Kevin Breel was supposed to talk about effective social media use at TedXyouth, because depression and suicide was too serious/deep. He talked about it anyway, it spread like wildfire on the internet and now he's touring the nation. Any thoughts?  









 yeah no thats totally helpful. right on.  




 thanks for sharing. im a crisis counselor and getting a male's perspective in your situation is harder to come by. sorry for what you've been through and congratulations for getting the heck out!!  




 no way. was in a bad environment/situation, and when that was resolved i stopped  




 hm. valid point, I think I knew just by growing up in society that that was one of the uses of smoking. I was at a point where none of other coping mechanisms were sufficient  




