 What would be the point? He's a politician. Shit he says doesn't matter.

Might as well be a dirty joke.

But, if I could get him to say something and mean it, it would be along these lines:

"Fuck you, Netanyahu, we are taking back our foreign aid and leveling your country... and Kim Jong, your'e next you fat piece of shit." 




 I've had lightning strike about 40' from me and don't remember feeling heat but it rattled me hard enough to knock me off balance and made my ears ring for a while. You must have been like 20 feet away! Go buy a lottery ticket! 




 Someone has to pick up the convo and turn it into some kind of pissing match. Might as well be you, eh?

 has anyone else noticed that ____ owners in particular drive like assholes?

I've noticed that people driving expensive vehicles in general act more entitled to the road than the rest of us poor bastards. On the other hand, it's pretty obvious when one of us poor bastards quits giving a fuck and will just slam into your nice ride for the hell of it. It's not like our rust bucket is going to lose any value.

 _____ drivers appear to drive as well as you'd expect from someone who would be proud to overpay for a _____.

Give me a fucking break man. Do people really think like this or are you two fuckwits just bullshitting with each other to pass the time? 




 Edit: After reading some of the comments telling me I shouldn't be concerned, that it's "none of my business", and that this post is "creepy", I have to wonder what the hell has happened to our society. Ever seen a news special on a kid who fell down a well, or who was kidnapped? Were you concerned? How is my daughter's and my concern for this victim any different? I grew up in this town and remember it as a close and caring community, but it was no different than anywhere else in America at that time (the 1970's). We cared about each other and were unafraid to check on our neighbors. I'm addressing the critics here, what the fuck is wrong with you?

This sub is notorious for being snobbish, and represents modern day Austin adequately in that regard - full of it's own first world problems and devoid of empathy for anything but a trendy tragedy.

It *is* sickening. The things that have made Austin unique have been disappearing at the same rate at which overpriced condos downtown are being occupied. This is an eventuality, an inevitable and inescapable result of the overpopulation by the human race which diseases our planet. As downtown grows and the sprawl expands into the countryside, we'll witness the last of traditional values leave this city in search of a return to normalcy.

Personally, I moved back to Austin to re-live some of the times I had with my father as a child, back when Ben White was a four lane road, if that. Now it's 100 feet in the air and 10 lanes wide, and the roar of that traffic can literally be heard for miles. I'm here to build better systems for both the public and private sector, and feel that I contribute to what progress is being made in a big way. One day I will no longer be able to handle the side effects of this progress and I too will pack up and leave in search of a plot of land to call my own, far from the crime and noise and hypocrisy plaguing any city. 




 So where was this picture taken? 




 This has almost nothing to do with your uterus or abortion or religion. To split the issue up by listening to that rhetoric is counter productive, but it does serve to point out their methods, which is a good thing to observe.

Instead, it might benefit you to look at it this way:

Hard line republicans want more babies out there so they can force more religion down more people's throats so they can have more slaves to pay taxes and more overpriced junk from their corporate cronies.

So they can have more money.

It's that easy. The more informed people are of the larger agenda, the less likely these assholes are to succeed. That they have been abusing religion, perpetuating mythology to benefit themselves and only themselves, is painfully obvious these days. Instant global communication for the masses has brought this into the light and then some.

Simply put, these people have nothing to offer the human race in terms of progress which makes them nothing more than parasites. Playing in to their hand by raising hell over individual issues completely distracts from the unity needed to get rid of these people outright by nailing them to their own crosses with the letter of the laws that this country was founded on. 




 vee vee might be an asshole sometimes but those comments are usually articulate and well thought out. yours was basically a vitriolic and ignorant shart of a thought aimed at a political party for nothing but their political affiliation.

you asked. 




 Most parking lot attendants look homeless as it is. 




 They should use that technology to power Austin with all the bullshit pouring out of the capitol building. 




 Gainfully employed is an antiquated term used to describe living above poverty, and you know it - just as the word "theory" is used in such rhetoric to ascribe doubt to an established truth.

The fact that you like my screen name says a lot about you as well. It was coined in response to a shill pretending that our water supply should be privatized by foreign interests.

Religious foreign interests at that. Good ol' capitalism at work for you right there. 




 Keep teaching your kids and grand kids stupid shit. That's what will get you in the end. It will have nothing to do with euthanasia. 




 The only thing we don't know for certain is what drives evolution this far.

That's what the *theory* in your sentence is about.

Aside from the altruism I should display, if I were to meet you I'd probably strangle you. Then, you'd have no kids.

Theorize about that. 




 Take a walk off the beaten path between your XBox and the nearest GameStop, and you'll find that the world is quite different IRL. 




 The article is definitely light on details. It's not like they are going to go around releasing information about the dead guy that might imply innocence.

I'm sure if there is anything that can be dug up on the victim it will surface once the "investigation" is complete. 




 then this story title is only useful for propagating hatred of police.

That depends on your perspective, doesn't it? Some people will read that title and automatically believe the guy got shot for a good reason, while the rest of the waking populace that has ever had an interaction with a fucked up cop is entitled to their opinion as well.

Personally, I don't need a sensationalized title to make me feel any less safe around cops. The experiences I've had with the police have taught me all I need to know about them. 




 First of all, you are Reddit, too.

Second, this is a major source of consternation because cops get special treatment and we probably won't hear much more about it other than the sound of a rubber stamp of approval.

Third, if this were just some guy with a CCW, he'd be dragged through the national media and defunct legal system like Zimmerman. 




 One can always hope. Unfortunately it is never in the interest of the PD to convict one of their own. It's always better for them to cover things up, make the cop look like a hero, and downplay the whole incident.

I will be truly surprised if we hear anything to the contrary. 




 And people are pissed about a donut ad. 




 Definitely relieved. I had a wierd mixture of excitement that I might get to see more Calvin and Hobbes, and then a sinking feeling that Macaulay Culkin was going to have a starring role. 




 Wish I could just blow away anyone who I "felt threatened" by.

Wait, no I don't, because I'm not a psychopath. I tend to work out differences with others through rational discussion and informed debate.

I'm reminded of a story about a fast food place being held up by robbers. The robbers had knives and one of the employees had a pistol and a CCW license.

The employee overheard the robbery from back in the kitchen and debated on pulling out his gun. He sat for a minute and listened, and the robbers were gone with a few bucks and otherwise without incident.

He could have ended those people's lives right there in front of everyone, but he assessed the situation and reacted in a logical manner.

Just because you may have the legal right to shoot someone dead does not constitute a good reason to do so, and just because you "feel threatened" does not mean you are in any danger or automatically grant you that right.

---

The cop says he felt threatened so he shot someone. That's probably all the "facts" we'll ever get. 




 That whole "procedure" where mentally ill people are all thrown by a judge, not a medical doctor, into tiny rooms together to torture each other instead of being treated. 




  I can't say why we interpret more clashy chords as sad or spooky; that may just be society. My theory is that they set you on edge just a little bit more.

I wonder what the evolutionary purpose, if any, would be for this? I wonder if there are any subconcious cues in "clashy" sounds that relate danger to us. Like the sound of a gorge, the doppler effect sound of water rushing down the side of a waterfall. Wouldn't that sound look something like a trainwreck on an oscilloscope compared with one of these pretty sounding major chords?

If there is a lion killing a pig in the jungle half a mile away, it's probably not going to sound like a lion killing a pig if you can hear it. It's probably going to sound distorted. The more distorted and dischordant a sound in the jungle, the more my curiosity would be piqued, if for nothing else to rule out danger. That is to say, if it's far away and bouncing off of trees and rocks for hundreds of yards, I think those waves are going to overlap to create a cacaphony. 

By contrast, closer sounds are easier to make out, and I think the amount of processing necessary to identify the sound as a threat or not is going to be proportional to how recognizeable that sound is.

I think our love for music stems from a survival instinct common to any organism with a nervous system capable of responding to vibration. 




 Just what that part of town needs. Another 2,000+ people on the road. Good luck with that traffic problem and all that. I think these building owners should be paying to alleviate that problem. We all know a 900 sq. ft. flat up there is going to cost $2000 a month. That building will rake in 5 million dollars a month forever, and hardly any of it will go to easing the congestion they cause.

I am all for development, but it just bothers me to see things like this with no real plan for the consequences.

I love living in the sticks and I hate driving to town. I wish my truck had missle launchers on it, or at least a PA system.

Austin is all grown up now, but the kid inside me will never lose his appreciation for quiet, starry nights. This place is going to look like Los Angeles in 15 years and there is no stopping it.

So sad. 




 Boycott petty entertainment. Problem solved. 




 Once you start working on cars you'll also base your buying decisions on how easily acessible engine parts are. For examle, had I known I was going to be replacing an AC in and F150, I wouldn't have bought the #$^@#$% thing. 




 What a deluded mind. I don't doubt that SWAT faces some pretty serious assholes on a fairly frequent basis, but to compare the local meth gang to the Taliban is nothing but a blatant attempt to garner support for creating para-military patrols in our streets.

I'm all for nabbing bad guys and locking them away, but lets be adults about this. No-knock warrants resulting in one death is one death too many. Now this shit happens how often? We hear about the police tazing/beating/neglecting/choking/shooting/running over some innocent person to death on a daily basis in this country. People's gardens being destroyed by what amounts to a gang of gun nuts with a grudge who are no better than the worst of criminals. 




 Police brutality is at an all time high. Or is it?

Wake me up when these sonsabitches are all wearing cameras. 




 Not to mention midnight raids of hospitals and firebombing of schools, and all that acid getting thrown in everyone's faces. 




 Texas Brine really screwed the pooch on this one. I wonder how big this thing will actually get. Wouldn't it be worth it to send dynamite down in there in order to have it collapse all at once instead of sucking up a house at a time or whatever? 




 Yahoo has always struck me as some whiny parasite that feeds off of other websites in some convoluted and misguided way that screams for attention. It's like an overbearing, nerdy cousin constantly injecting their uninformed opinion into the conversation.

Yahoo is largely irrelevant in my life and the only time I use their site is to search for things that Google can't find, and 99.9% of the time they can't find it either.

The only time Yahoo matters in my life is when they excrete 1000's of tech jobs they couldn't support and all the sudden the market is flooded again with everything from java developers and dbas to project managers and help desk techs. 









 *No gators were harmed in the making of this film.

**Unfortunately the nearby towns have been evacuated.

***Because Texas Brine. 




 I generally avoid goading condescending trolls into presenting such specious rhetoric but sometimes find it necessary in order to expose the contempt such utterly worthless narcissism has for humanity.

More and more descriptive labels are being put on our food and there is nothing any PR can do to stop it. Move on to some other critical aspect of survival to exploit before people see you for what you really are and you have to answer for your despicable manipulation of the ignorant and disadvantaged. 




 Why are you trying to bait me into some stupid GMO argument?  All I want is better labeling. Maybe you could take a look at my other comments in this thread before trying to put words in my mouth. 




 The labeling will reveal only what is required by law, obviously. Organic vs GMO, is a false dichotomy, a construct of industry and profit. If this can of tuna came from fish caught off the shore of the Daiichi power plant, or this avocado has been treated with 100% organic cyanide, or this steak was grown in a tube in the labs at Dow Chemical, I am going to want to know at least enough to where I can do an amount of research to adequately determine the probability of safety, or at least err on the side of caution.  Any new law should go that direction rather than make some political point.  

Sadly most people dont give a fuck, and since I do then I have to assume I am being treated like someone who doesnt care and remain cautious. 




 We have the right to know what is in our food and where it came from.

This is one of the most frustrating non-arguments out there. This should be inalienable. My concern is not with some random food producers profits. My concern is for the safety of my family. Any eftort to undermine my decision making abilites with regard to food safety  constitutes a bodily threat and will always be viewed as such. 




 The downvotes are a sad indicator. What you are saying is what I failed to verbalize to begin with. Thank you. 




 What a stupid thing to say. Someone died here. Grow up. 




 Fried cod is what I'm craving. I haven't been in years, but The Fox and the Hound if Ft. Worth and Houston had fried cod fillets the size of your forearm. For $11.99 I was able to get three of those monsters put on my plate because I was such a regular and good tipper at the one in Houston. Love that place. 




 I've never enjoyed the tiny fish they serve there. I'd be surprised if any of them were over a pound live. 




 Assuming you are still in Seattle, and thus homesick, here is why I love Texas:

You can drive for hours out on the back roads of west Texas without passing a soul.

You can drive 80-85 MPH on I-10 from Houston to El Paso and probably not get pulled over.

You can go deap sea fishing in the Gulf or you can catch monster cats in Livingston or Amistad.

You can tube the cool spring fed Comal and Frio rivers when its hot.

You can pack up and head to Lubbock or Amarillo to catch a snowy weekend when its cold.

Beach, beach, beach.. Port Aransas is where I want to retire.

More BBQ joints per capita than anywhere in the world. I just made that up but it's probably almost true.

Live music all over the damned place, all the time. Booming industries, great paying IT jobs.

Enough TexMex joints in a given city for you to eat well, eat different, and eat cheap 7 days a week. 




 I started out laughing at this like an insane child and then just ended up sobbing. I'm going back to sleep. 




 Since radioactive water is leaking into the pacific and groundwater is contaminated in the area, can someone tell me exactly how this could get any worse? 




 1. If knives were more dangerous than guns then law enforcement would carry knives instead of guns.

2. If you are in public you have no expectation of privacy, hence the term, "public". 




 Glad you are presenting arguments.

1. More evidence is good evidence. For example: cops routinely confiscate phones and cameras and delete evidence. I can't imagine that's because the video would portray anything but the truth, or help determine the truth.

2. We already live in an Orwellian surveillance society. The FBI and NSA spy on innocent people and have been for years. There are literally cameras at every street corner. 




 This is a) why people shouldn't feed deer, and b) why people shouldn't feed deer.

I live in Austin and deer are all over the place. They are in people's yards where kids are playing, and parents think it's cute.

Deer are well known to harbor disease and parasites that can infect humans. Many wild animals do. So do house pets, but ringworm and that gondii parasite are treatable to varying degrees. Lyme disease is not well understood, and if you know anyone that thinks they have it or has been diagnosed with it, you'd stay away from the wildlife too. 




 I get it. Take the fucking deer.

Confiscate cell phones and delete shit from them? WRONG. 




 Thank you for the insight. Until today I did not know that the private sector was involved in this. I have to admit that I am a little shocked by that.

I hope that one day our tax dollars go to a functional enough law enforcement agency to allow for responsible and efficient interdiction of unfit parents without private interests even being given the opportunity to place profit ahead the interests of abused children, or innocent parents for that matter.

This type of thing is an isolated incident and is capitalized upon by the anti-CPS crowd to point the finger at a system that I believe largely helps the children in it's care despite the occasional bad press.

I am sure there are some very upset parents out there who are mentally deficient enough to feel that their children were taken from them unjustly despite the rulings of the court. I am also sure that the courts have unjustly ruled against parents, although certainly not nearly as many. Unfortunately there is no simple solution to these problems.

One can only hope that effective oversight will be a priority. 




 Can you ask him how people with no source of income could possibly wind up as even candidates? I might be missing something, I didn't see where these people were well off, but there has to be some checks there. 




 TXDoT says it has no money for this project – and lobbying for funds could take decades.

Settles that. 




 Sorry, but the CPS are backed by "the cops".

CPS needs a wash, that's for sure, but giving control over that organization to an already arguably corrupt and trouble-ridden arm of the law is just asking for more problems than we can predict. 




