 A huge problem for many people including myself is having an invisible illness. People assume a lot of us are just using someone else's parking pass and will actually confront them about it. For me there are times where I can do things fine and other times I have to use a scooter at the grocery store because of fatigue, joint pain, POTS, or whatever else. I have gotten so many dirty looks and a few rude comments because I am young and look healthy so people make rude assumptions.        
If you see someone stand up out of their wheelchair to grab something and sit back down it doesn't mean they are faking it. Many people use them to avoid more pain and because of fatigue and so on. A wheelchair doesn't mean they can't use their legs.    
Another issue I have seen a bit about recently is that people somehow think it is okay to give their opinions and advice to someone with health issues. I am so fucking sick of being told I should do yoga or try acupuncture. Not that I am against it, I just don't need recommendations from people that have no idea what my conditions even are. I just read something where a lady said a random stranger on the street came up to her to tell her she was using the wrong kind of knee brace. Without having any idea what kind of knee problems she had. She compared it to being pregnant where people think it is somehow their business.     
People always lecture me on how I need to just keep trying and pushing with my doctors and blah blah. Which is basically all I have been doing for the past four months. I seriously don't even have a life anymore. Somehow everyone assumes I am just not doing enough to get better. Which is absurd because it is the only thing I can do. I'm not being lazy, the collagen in my body doesn't work. Which means I am literally falling apart. Excuse me if I didn't brush my hair and go for a jog today.      
But anyway, just give people a break in general. You have no idea what they are going through. If a young woman is in front of you in a long line and asks you to hold her place and then goes and sits down 20 feet away don't assume she is just being lazy and spoiled. She could have lupus or a number of diseases. Public transit is another place to look out for those things. Little things like that make a huge difference.   




 I'm not sure I understand what you mean.  




 Not entirely the most extreme pain I have been in but the most unbearable has been the last 9 months or so. I have a bunch of chronic pain conditions that I have had my whole life but it wasn't until last year that it got bad. I had to leave my job and my home with my boyfriend and dog to go 2000 miles for treatment. I may be here for a year or however long it takes to get disability. Some days I can do shit but other days I can't even put a shirt on because the movement is too painful. I am a 23 year old female and I look healthy so my pain gets downplayed by lots of people including doctors.     
I have a connective tissue disorder so my tendons and ligaments don't really do their jobs. Which means my muscles are extra strained and my joints are really bad. I basically feel like I got hit by a car the day before. Every day. I have osteoarthritis, POTS, CRPS,TMJ, and autonomic dysfunction, among other things. So when I stand up I get dizzy and lose my vision for a minute. I get fevers all the time because my body can't regulate temperature as well as some other things that should happen automatically. Even trying to pee is difficult.      
None of my body doesn't hurt. Even my skin and nail beds. Basically everything I do is significantly more difficult to do than it is for most people. Sometimes I can't stay awake, other times I can't sleep. Even my low pain days I have no energy.       
It's not necessarily the worst pain, but the fact that it is every day makes it absolutely unbearable.      
The toll it has taken on my mental health is just as big of an issue. I went insane for a while before I got antidepressants. Even with them I'm not great. I basically don't get to take part in my life.      
So yeah this is by far the worst pain I have had to deal with.  




 My sister is 7 years older than me and I didn't start to get remotely pretty until I was around 14. So a bit of ugly duckling syndrome. It didn't help that my sister was absolutely gorgeous in her teens while I was a kid. She also got our moms complexion while I got our dads, so I am white and she looks more ethnic.      
As a kid I knew I wasn't very pretty and didn't care but not looking like my mom and sister bothered me. People loved to point out how white I am, others would ask if I was adopted. I hated it.      
Once I was in 7th and 8th grade I started to care more about my looks. Which was basically the same time they were beginning to improve as I was starting to bloom into the woman I am today.       
During that time I also was developing an eating disorders due to stress of moving and whatnot as well as the fact that I am just prone to mental disorders. I had started cutting myself a couple years before that. But my anorexia lasted a while.     
The kicker is that while I started getting skinny and pretty (not that I was overweight before) my sister got pregnant and gained 50 pounds in her pregnancy. She has struggled with her weight off and on since. Nothing extreme, she's has definitely never been plus sized. It was weird though that as the age gap between us became less significant I sort of also caught up with her appearance wise. Still white though.       
For the record I no longer struggle with an eating disorder or self harm. Still crazy though.  




 There are way too many people like this it's absurd. I have had to tolerate so many trashy people that take shitty care of their kids. I swear they have no idea how fucked up their priorities are. 




 Yeah I have one dread and I need to do the same thing. I have had it for near a decade so I'm sure it has some buildup.  




 I'm not confused as to why he would thank her. I'm confused as to why she would be around him. 




 Yeah I can see how freaky it would be so much later. And thanks. I am still trying to deal with it because it was just a few months ago. It would be easier if I wasn't away from my boyfriend but I will be fine. Every period I have freaks me out less than the one before. Heh. 




 I thought the friend was a girl.  




 I was really grossed out for a second.  




 I beg to differ. Give Complex Regional Pain Syndrome a try. 




 Well its a hell of a story.  




 Ugh. I had a miscarriage at 7 weeks. I'm 23 and not ready anyway, not that it isn't shitty. But in the couple days I was passing the tissue it felt so gross. The larger pieces would hurt coming through my cervix and as soon as it stopped hurting I could feel it in my vagina. I would sit on the toilet and feeling it fall out of me was really unpleasant. I'm glad it happened early on at least. The biggest pieces were about the size of a mouse but there were only a few.      
I'm sorry you went through that, especially being further along. That really must have been an awful reminder a half a year later.  




 When I got home that night, he apparently knew that I lied. I don't know how. But he thanked me. Thinking back on that makes me really fucking sad for her.         
        
The brother thanked you? I'm not sure I am understanding correctly. If that is what you're saying I am wondering why you would be allowed anywhere near him after that? 




 Do it. But really your body is already good. 




 Or you could just start camming as is. Your figure seems similar to mine from what I could see and there is no way I could lose 60 pounds. Just be healthy and learn to appreciate your body.  




 The part where the aunt said she wasn't adult enough to balance school and a job was so absurd. First off a high school student not have a full time job anyway. Secondly that was coming from a lady that couldn't take care of her own awful child without manipulating someone. That someone being a minor none the less. I know being a single parent is not easy but tons of people manage it. Even if she was watching her kid herself obviously she still sucks at raising a child. Considering her son won't get a job and apparently can't watch his own little sister. Doesn't sound like a very good adult to me.    
I can't handle manipulative people that won't hold themselves accountable for their own problems. Guilting a responsible teenager into helping her when she knows it is negatively impacting her life and education is several different flavors of not okay. 




 I know this is kind of an older post but I wanted to chime in. My wrists are one of my major problem areas as well. I am looking to get some braces but I was wondering if you have found anything that helps. I was at my cousins wedding recently and realized that I can't even hold a glass of beer for a whole minute.  




 I'm not the person you are addressing but I thought I would chime in. I used to have a recurve bow when I was in my late teens. I never *really* got into archery but I liked to go outside and shoot my bow for a while. It was only a 35 lb draw but I usually would put it down after I hyperextended my elbow a few times and the inside of my elbow would get in the way of the string. Which made for some lovely bruising.       
I was young and dumb and knew nothing about EDS at the time. I'm sure that now I couldn't pick it back up. My forearm and hands are way too weak. It's not exactly an arthritis friendly sport. Haha. I'm sure it's great for some of you though. I wish I still could. But I will have to stick ballet and such.  




 I'm all about the pan-jolele. Haha. My banjolele definitely has its wear and tear on it, it's an Oscar Schmidt and I love it, I would highly recommend it. I actually put steel guitar strings on it and it sounds even better.         
I got my EDS from my mom who is Hispanic and Filipino. Her skin is pretty fair and soft compared to her siblings. Her features are a bit more round than mine and I turned out white like my dad while my sister didn't. Genetics are weird. 




 Very nice. I play a banjo ukulele myself. It's strange but I seem to keep running across so many young women online with eds that all happen to be super cute. The whole fair skin and little face thing really works for us. Haha. I have noticed a lot smooth facial features as well as opposed to sharper ones like myself though. It's weird.  




 My cymbalta lowers my sex drive and makes it more difficult to climax. Narcotic pain meds also make it difficult for me to climax as well as get aroused in the first place (the cymbalta on the other hand doesn't do that).     
Pretty much the same basic response as others in this thread. Not sure of your gender. Female here though.         
Before I was on meds I also had a hard time reaching orgasm until I got a better understanding of my body and my sexuality. I eventually had a partner who was very well rounded sexually and intimately who basically taught me a lot about my body and I learned to relax enough that I could have a better time and an easier orgasm.       
Being in chronic pain makes us tense, especially when it comes to contact with others.We are also very used to ignoring how our bodies feel.      
I'm not sure exactly where your dilemma stems from but I have learned a thing or two about sexual function through experience as well as research. I am also very open about sex so feel free to PM me if you want. If you are shy about the topic I understand, but nothing will phase me. Ha. Good luck.  




 At this point I have no kind of medical equipment like crutches or braces but I am hoping I can find some that will help me. I think getting around would be easier if I had crutches but I definitely can't have much strain on my hands or wrists.       
Hopefully I can get some braces sooner than later. My wrists and elbows could really use it. My hips are the worst but I don't know how much braces would help. That and hip braces could cost a ton and on top of the other ones I would look like a robot or buzz lightyear. Haha. But I just really want to get to a point where I can function.      
I am new to all this and still going through the process of finding all the doctors I need and getting my diagnoses. I am curious about the platform crutches but any advice or insight is helpful. My pain is just so bad. I am working on getting all my medical needs met so I can have my life back. And I am beyond ready for that to happen.  




 Yeah I have been wanting to take a ballet class. But I am in too much pain at this point. Once I get better pain management I will probably take classes again. I grew up doing ballet so I am already fairly familiar proper ballet posture. I just worry that it's still not what my body should be doing.  




 My mom always does this thing now that I am an adult she feels the need to buy me things despite not having much money. When I don't want her to buy me anything she gets upset so no matter what I end up feeling guilty.       
My dad just never talked to me when I was young. Now he gets seriously sad when I don't want to spend time sitting at his house doing nothing for the weekend.         
Not sure what I'm being punished for.  




 Apparently the way I dress. Lately I have had a lot of people be concerned or confused and ask questions. It also pisses a lot of people off and they assume I have some kind of weird need for attention. It's really strange when random strangers are more worried about my appearance than I am. 




 Paper cut. I legitimately have a paper cut scar on one of my thumbs. 




 This is a small one but for some reason sticks out in my mind. A friend of mine hosts a trivia night at a bar and another friend and I go play every week. Every once in a while the first friend will recycle questions from several trivias ago. There have been a few that he has asked a couple times but there is one in particular that is something like "What musician is also a popular designer of neck ties?". I feel I should add that I am a 23 year old female and the friend I play with is a 50 something male. Every time I answer Jerry Garcia and every time he argues with me. But then I am always right because those neckties are fairly common. 




 I generally do wake up exhausted. I usually just get six hours of poor sleep every night.  




 I just use melatonin for sleep and that's all I need. Amatryptaline made me want to jump off a bridge.  




 Even 100 mg makes me loopy and tired. 




 Gabapentin makes me sick. I can hardly take 350mg. I can't imagine taking 900. 




 Yes. 




 Yeah I am very familiar with weed and have tried it all. It doesn't work for my pain. Best case scenario it does nothing but give me the giggles, worst case it helps some of my pain and amplifies the rest, or it just gives me a severe headache. When I was younger it used to give me hives. Really just not my thing. Unfortunately narcotic pain medication actually works for me unlike many of us.     




 Ah. Well if she is into it then I suppose you should stick to it. Ha. 




 You're plenty attractive, but it's weird that you're using photobucket stIll. 




 Your stature is large enough that you could use to put on some muscle. I also recommend boxer briefs. Tighty whities don't really look good on anyone.  




 Some of your pictures aren't very flattering, others are absolutely stunning. 




 Not a fan of the second picture but yeah, you know you're pretty.  




 You look like an action figure.  




 Your eyebrows are nicer than mine. And I'm a girl. Kudos. 




 I'm not usually into blondes but it.looks great on you.  




 I just think a lot of people fall into places in between those.  




 I like the hair. Not so much the facial hair. Can't see your facial structure but you seem to have nice features. The shirt is a bit of a turn off for me but if you're into it then rock it. Despite the shirt I say 7/10. 




 Personal preference I guess. The people that are attractive to the normal social standards aren't generally the folks I find attractive.      
Also when it is only 1 through 10 I feel like decimals are important because the round numbers aren't specific enough. Probably because I have chronic pain and am all too familiar with the 1 through 10 pain scale which I think is dumb. 




 Looks good. Cute face, I find Asians attractive. You look young though.      
7.5-8/10 




 Nice facial structure, smooth features. Like the other person said, kinda plain but only ar first. Upon further inspection you really do have nice features. It's just so subtle. Which is cool because you have a lot to work with and could try lots of styles with hair and hats and glasses and so on. I think you look good.     
At first glance 5 or 6/10 but you're actually more like a 7.5/10 at least. And then personality would play a role. You have a serious case of husband face. Which in my opinion is a good thing.  




 Too pretty.  




 Haha. I'm like 5' and 130. But yeah, you are probably pretty chill. I'm not much of a social parasite myself. Haha.  




 If you don't already know that you are horribly cute that would be dumb. At least an 8 by looks alone. Mor or less depending on personality.  




 Very handsome. Hard to say but you are *at least* a 7 but could easily be a 10 depending on perspective and personality.  




 You will learn to cut yourself some slack. Not only because you have to, but because chronic pain makes you incredibly strong. I am 23 and know how you feel, some mornings I can't get my shirt on because I have so much muscle pain. I'm still getting there. Some days I am bitter and angry because I shouldn't have to go through this. But as time goes on it becomes easier to except.       
I had to go on leave from the job that I love after finally getting my life together  and go back to my hometown 2000 miles away leaving my home and boyfriend so I can try and get a diagnosis. I have been here for about three months and it just keeps looking more and more grim. There is not really treatment good enough that I will be able to go back to work so now I have to apply for disability  which could take years.      
I can't say it's not eating away at me on the inside, but I am fighting it because I have no other choice. At the same time I know I am strong and it will only make me stronger. I'm sure the same goes for you. It's okay to be disabled. It sucks. But it's okay and we will still have fulfilling lives, it just takes a little extra fighting.       
From what I have seen people with chronic pain are some of the strongest people out there. You will be okay even if it does seem so.       
If you need someone to talk to for advice or support or even if you just need to rant/vent/bitch about *anything* feel free to PM me. It is really nice to talk to people that actually understand.  




 Yum! Thanks! 




 I don't think I know of anyone who goes too often.  




 Yeah I'm about to be diagnosed with ehlers-danlos syndrome. Most of the treatment is preventative and just treating the symptoms. So there are no great solutions.  




 Yeah I can't exercise until I see a PT and find out what I can do without causing more damage to my body. 




 Isn't tramadol a narcotic? 




 Maybe. I'm waiting for my diagnoses of ehlers-danlos syndrome and have most of my pain because of my tendons and stuff.  




 No, I'm back and forth between Seattle and Idaho. So there are plenty doctors. But my actual home is New Orleans.  




 Thanks. I have realized they take me more seriously and trust me more if I bring my mom with me. 




 seriously.  




 Yeah I smoke occasionally but it does nothing for the pain. 




 Yeah I'm familiar with the risks. I'm just at the point where I would like to function for a while.  




 All I have is chapstick.  




 Oh my god you just made me realize that I had a dream where I was eating chapstick last night.  




 I don't know why someone downvoted you. If nothing helps but the meds I would much rather deal with a chemical dependency than not be able to walk down stairs.  




 Likewise. I'm just past the point where I can handle it emotionally. 




 Yeah I wish the non narcotics would work for me. But at this point I don't even care and will take just about anything that will actually help. Waking up some days and not being able to put on a shirt is not okay.  




 Yeah I have tried several things and some of them help a tiny bit but my pain is so severe I can't do anything. My doctors know I had to quit my job and travel 2000 miles to get treatment and be near my family to support me. But I have been dealing with this level of pain for so long that I can't handle it anymore.  




 I am on cymbalta and gabapentin. Gabapentin does nothing and I think the cymbalta might even make it worse but it keeps me sane. My mom was sick of me being in pain so she took me to an urgent care and they gave me tramadol which I liked because it didn't really make me high. I am still waiting for all my diagnoses to happen so basically all my doctors are doing the bare minimum.  




 How am I in so much pain at 23? How am I supposed to live with this much pain and no pain management? I can't even keep up with people twice my age. I want my life back. If I were a doctor I wouldn't want to give me a regular narcotics prescription either, and personally I would rather not be on them long term. Being stuck on pills to function would suck. But you know what sucks worse? Not being able to function. I just want enough to get me through the day. The kind of day where I can go to the store *and* even take a shower. I don't even care about having pain, I just want it to be low enough that I can feel like a person and do person things. I don't get the point of this, why do I feel bad for wanting the pills that help? Is it wrong? Am I supposed to just stay in pain? Because this makes me feel dirty like a drug seeker.  




 I add decimals when I answer. The difference between a 6 and a 6.5 can make a huge difference for those of us who are so familiar with pain. 




 I'm one of those idiots that just freezes. Almost every time I am in a threatening situation I just don't know what to do. The only exception is if there is a kid or something. Then it's like that where I don't think and just act. I am completely useless when it comes to protecting myself.  




 I needed some pain medication for legitimate reasons but failed to procure any legally today before a road trip I am on. My uncle gave me some of his. So that. I'm also not wearing my seat belt because I need to lie down. I'm so hardcore guys. 




 Yeah, one of those shitty hairstyle magazines. 









 I was just thinking about this. About how many people are so healthy. Mainly because I don't know what it would be like to be healthy. But there are so many things that could go wrong, and that one thing that goes wrong sets off ten things to fuck up, and so on. And then you can end up with these two things going wrong that together cause another side effect. Then there's a ton of other things to get fucked up.        
I have also noticed that most people with serious health problems tend to have other unrelated health problems. I suppose that is just poor genetics though?  




 CAN WE PLEASE START REFERRING TO FEMALE MASTURBATION AS JILLING OFF?!??! I NEED THIS. 




 Have you ever delt with anyone with a vomit fettish? I have been trying too see if it has come up in this thread. When I was in my teens I had a yearly summertime fling that was into that. I never really did any of that with him. There was sort of an incident but it wasn't his idea. I feel like that kind of fettish isn't all that uncommon but at the same time I haven't seen much of it. You would think that it would be at least as common as a poo fettish.  




 I wish we did that in the US. I would be totally ok with getting my ass hit for being bad rather than being stuck in a cell for a few days.  




 That's my cousin.  




 I would like the hair if it weren't for the muscles. It could work with a lean rock climbing body type. But buff + ponytail = Fabio. I'm sure you could model for the cover of romance novels though. 




 I know but he is saying I am one of those girls that thinks it's cool to be all hardcore and wear Metallica shirts. Which is not what I do. It seems everyone in this thread is more worried about my style than I am.     
I am just confused because when I was playing bluegrass for a living my style seemed like no big deal. I feel like someone would have told me that I am a shitty hipster or if I was wearing a Metallica shirt. 




 I believe in equal rights but I try and avoid feminism and preechy people in general. Just because I like my armpit hair doesn't mean anything.       
I don't think labeling people is really a fair thing to do and personally I have many influences so there is no single category I feel comfortable being placed in.     
But when it comes to my fashion sense there are a lot of hippie influences including belly dance and fire dancer kind of apparel. Most of my friend groupe is pretty punk rock so I do a lot of that. I really like the 90s punk style.        
So I am whatever that's called. 




 Most guys I hang out with don't care about that sort of thing. Many people have realized it is a stupid thing to care about.  




 No thank you.  




 What vest? 




 Thanks. 




 Ha no. I was working as a musician for a while and a contortionist sometime during then. Then I got a job working at a dog rescue which was amazing and I may go back to that if I can but I stopped working because of health problems.  




 Ha. No way. I can hardly braid.  




 I am. I'm half white half not. 




 No, I did a few months ago and he just shrugged. Besides, I don't care that he doesn't shave his armpits. And considering the last couple women he dated he doesn't really care about that sort of thing. 




 What do you mean?  




 Haha. I do what I can . 




 I'm not really any of those things. 




 It's a waste of time for something so unnecessary. I like my body hair and so does my partner.  




 The piercing look?  




 That's the thing. It shouldn't be gross for girls and not guys. It all happened during WWII because all the men were off at war the razor companies started advertising to women. Which is a silly reason to shave. I think my body hair is feminine.  




 Securious. 




 I don't even know how that site works. 




 Yeah I am quite fond of my nose. 




 They're good live. Not really my thing though.  




 I think I have one of their patches. I saw them a while back.  




 I'm not interested in most dudes so it works out. I don't fuck guys that expect me to shave my armpits. Haha. 




 I really want to know. Haha. 




 That's ok. I have had bangs my whole life and have kept them because I have a tiny forehead. Ha. 




 No more sore shoulders!  




 I hate metal. As a matter of fact I am a bluegrass musician.  




 I'm not sure I get it... 




 I have a bunch of health conditions. One of my diseases causes all my tissues and ligaments stretch and tear so I can't really exercise besides swimming and I don't drive so I don't have much opportunities to go to a pool.      
And with all the chronic pain and fatigue I could give a fuck less about the couple pounds I should lose. I like my figure anyway.  




 I hope not. Haha. 




 Hahaha. Yes. 




