 Some by lightening, but sadly they are looking into arson for the Waldo Canyon fire. I hope they are wrong about that though. 




 Just wanted to say Thank You for what you guys do. 




 Wow, way to categorise everyone and cite an article from 2010.... 




 We love you and your firefighters. 




 Well, I'm in Colorado and trying to reach out to other CO people and the people across Reddit who have specifically asked how they can help in various subreddits. It's not my fault if, when the California and Texas fires happened, no one looked to social media to try and spread a message of help. I wasn't on Reddit back then, but if I had been and I had known a way to help, I would have posted it here. 




 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 




 Us too, we had seen it coming back from the Garden of the Gods and thought it would be great to take the kids. Good news is that they are already saying they will rebuild. Very positive people considering the circumstances. 




 This is a good point, many centres are v limited on space at the moment and are asking people to call ahead to be sure thay can store/accept the offers. 




 if you check my profile, you will see i just learned to self post. 




 Doing my best, damn wait times on posting :-)
 




 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 









 Ok, I will try that. 




 how the f* do I make a self post? :-) 




 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 









 Will do. 




 Great link :-) 




 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 









 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 




 Also http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 




 How to help...

http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 




 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 









 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/

All the official info on what is needed. 




 Denver 7   9 news websites both have lists of places you can donate to. 




 I think there are some Daddy issues here :-S 














 Haha 




 I know, I'm one of those women. 




 But that does not work with having a two and a half year old, does it? 

Edit: ok, this was bugging me but it is 'technically' possible. They youngest is 8 months, the next is 10 months older at 1.5yrs and the eldest is between 10 and 16 months older and still classed as 2 years old. This would mean the mum had fallen pregnant, at least one time, the month after giving birth, but stranger things have happened! 




 Thank you :-) 




 She only wrote the answers :-) 









 Erm, yes it was LOL. It was also the only time we did it within that window of opportunity :-) 




 Yeah, you get some pretty lousy comments from people trying in their own ways to be kind or 'helpful'. Do your best to ignore them and certainly try not to dwell on any of the 'what ifs' and 'if onlys' that will be running through your head. People panic in these situations and for the most part don't even realise how offensive they have been.

You need time to grieve, I always think of my 1st baby as the angel that allowed me to have my two children today.Y 




 Thank you. 




 I'm sorry you are going through this :-( 

I miscarried our 1st child at about 8/9 weeks. We had just told our family on Xmas Eve, everyone was so excited, 1st grandchild and everything. A few days later I had cramps and spotting, 200 miles from home, called the local doctors who told me there was nothing they could do, take some painkillers (because thats not going to matter now) and go to hospital if the bleeding is so heavy I pass out. Started bleeding heavily the next day, told everyone what was happening, felt like a failure for not being able to stay pregnant. Family were all upset, had some stupid and shitty comments along the lines of - there was probably something wrong with it (not IT, my baby). Called my own dr when I could, got some great support and advice, took about a week for the bleeding to stop.
Talked it over a lot with my husband, decided to wait a while before trying again, two months later I got pregnant on my birthday :-) She is now 5 and we also have a 2 year old :-) 

It will be rough for a while, and you will never forget it. But the pain gets easier, a little further away as time goes on. We bought a small trinket/model in memory of our baby and it sits high on a shelf in our living room, out of the way but never forgotten. 




 Sure, I have to say though that thinking seems to have altered slightly since I was working in medicine and that the egg bases will always be the 1st call of doctors due to the relative ease of production and costs.

The 1st link I have is from John Hopkins. It doesn't detail the list of alternative vaccines, it simply states that others are available for children with allergies. (As I said in my OP I seriously doubt any sane vegan parent would stop their child from recieving the vaccine regardless of it's base, a good friend of mine who is vegan has switched to being vegetarian for her pregnancy to ensure the baby is recieving all the nutrients it needs, she accepts the vegan way of life for herself but is willing to put her child first).

http://www.hopkinschildrens.org/Flu-Vaccines-Safe-for-Most-Allergic-Children.aspx

The link here, has a small paragraph indicating a limited number of yeast based vaccines
http://www.google.com/url?sa=t rct=j q=vaccine%20ingredients source=web cd=5 ved=0CHsQFjAE url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chop.edu%2Fexport%2Fdownload%2Fpdfs%2Farticles%2Fvaccine-education-center%2Fvaccine-ingredients.pdf ei=y2XeT6-gL6eU2wXQn9XhAQ usg=AFQjCNFM8W-5bm8Blsi1OYx9LbTH63Ed9A sig2=byz09DebXLtdphzL2CthYA

Sorry for the huge links, I am still getting to grips with my tablet.

On further reasearch the evidence for requiring/developing vaccines based upon alternative bases is waining due to incresed developments and reasearch into egg allergies and the benefits of administering vaccines to people with egg allergies outweighing the inherant risks. 

The scary part is how much I have seen today supporting the anti-vaccination programs. There are some very scared people out there :-S
 




 or fresian? 




 Actually, in the UK there are alternative vaccine bases for those people allergic to eggs. 
None if the vegans I know have refused their childrens vaccines because of the base though. 
I think a lot of the time vegans are demonised because of the extreme views of some.
What about all the non-vegans who refuse to vaccinate because they are 10 years behind in the news re vaccines and autism?
 




 Logged on to upvote everyone who correctly identified a TORTOISE in the image. 




 Why are people so rough on Aurora? We have been living here for three months and it is friendly, quiet and beautiful! Are there two sides/areas to Aurora? Because people always say negative things about it!

Edit- I accidentally a word. 




 I can't read it. 




 I lost it at 'cockshots / vajayjay pics' , but seriously, good luck with your new woman :-) 




 Wow, a SI_Bot fail!
 




 Why not try Denver Zoo? Im sure they would do a zookeeper for a day package! 




 That is the saddest TIL title I have seen (today)! 









 Seriously, I have just finished eating one of those :-)
 




 No, you aren't new, you're an asshole.  




 WTF did I just read? 




 Wife here - he gets a slap because my boobs are not that low down! 




 I love that color, I used to be black cherry red :) 




 This lightener was designed for red/brown hair - it was a blue based one! 




 Ooooh, purple grey....that must have been fun to get back to a 'regular' color! 




 Hahaha I was too traumatized to take pics when it happened! It was bad enough for the stylist to go 'Oh MY!!' when I took my hat off! 




 I used a lightening solution to change my hair from red/brown to light blonde. Despite following the instructions **exactly** I ended up looking like the lovechild of Lucius Malfoy and Carrot Top (yes I know they are both guys). So, what have you done to make yourselves look better that you immediately regretted? 




 huge, huge upvote for you 




 Thats true, but he has used the phrase before in school and been warned about it. My 5 year old knows that some things are not appropriate to say i.e. calling her little brother a poo head. I certainly agree that it is by no means sexual assault. 









 We've been together 12 years and my husband still does this :-) 




 Just checked the friends facebook page (Jayme Arrasmith) and it looks like she has been found safely.

Edit: changed sister to friend.
 




 Not the 1st time he has done it, nor the 1st time he has been suspended. Maybe he needs to be reminded about boundaries and acceptable speech again! Still think it is an over reaction from the school if the story is exactly as printed though. 




 Seriously? What are you, 10? 11? Mind you, you're a jerk whatever age you are if you speak to people like that. 




 And this is WTF because.........
 




 I'm doing the sponsored walk in Denver this weekend in aid of March of Dimes :) 




 It was Smokey Hill I couldn't get into :-) Thank you though! 




 The same bed?
 




 That sounds great for the kids! Thank you :-) 




 Thank you :-)
 




 Thank you :-)
 




