 I meant girl mates. I am female.  




 gross 




 Tim Minchin fucking rocks! 




 I explained this to some girlfriends I was with on a night out-the whole night consisted of giggles about poo particles.  




 oh haha! Yes I get it. I made a typo error. Big deal. You wouldn't believe that I am currently studying to be an english teacher.  




 ewww 




 wrong-MOST girls don't fart 




 gross! 




 My fella is currently working away in South Korea. we often talk on skype and he tells me of the zillions of handovers he's suffers from. Self inflicted = no symphathy. Mwahaha 




 I wouldn't disrespect an animal that killed a human if it did so for for food or safety issues. The same rule applies to humans. I despise it when animals are killed for no reason-other than we think there's too many of them. What gives us that right to decide another being's fate? Because we are the top of the food chain? 

Every being has a right to be here. dog, cat, flea, dear, fish, lizard, dear human and all the rest. 

I'm sure many animal lovers will tell you that some animals can be better company than some humans. 

You feel that our species is above all others. You feel that way because instinct tells us that as a surival tactic. No other reason. 




 It's a circulation thing. It's also a great excuse to snuggle up to your man. I'm cold, Give me your body heat now!  




 lol . .is that the best come back you have? 




 Well I'm happily not pregnant :) 




 and you have smelly feet 




 That depends . .if you're a gay man you may dissagree. 




 I have to sleep on his arm because he steels ALL the pillows! 




 Beastilality not cool! 




 That's because you're on her side!!! 




 then she farts. Right in your face! Mwahahah 




 meh I'm always cold in bed-my feet are like blocks of ice. I snuggle up nice n close to my man. He squeals like a girl as my ice blocks touch his flesh! Mwahahaha! 




 Schrodinger's cat  




 I doubt it . .blame the crows-evil things! 




 There's not enough shelter because of humans over populating the planet. Why not take a gun to your head and help a little with that problem.  




 The bit when the fat guy in in the bathroom-seriously made me think twice about a toilet break.  




 I love that feeling! The harder he comes the better! 




 You should try the implant. Awesome thing. I have a 5 year old. Don't want anymore for a while so use it. It's inserted under the skin in the upper arm and slowly releases and works basicly like the pill. The difference with the implant is-it stopped my periods {ha!} I don't have mood swings, It last three years. I don't have to remember to buy condoms{unless I wanna have sex with a random stranger} or take pills every day. 

Oh and 72 hours afters it's removed you're fertile again. :)  




 She could swallow instead .. . that's what I do :) 




 My boyfriend does roleplay games. . .that's nerdy enough for me. 




 lol 




 very true 




 How would a pump blow his head off? lol 




 Ewww I couldn't eat those. You've put me off cupcakes now! 




 I don't have a dick.  




 do you? 




 that's like saying all lesbians are good at licking pussy. I can assure you they're not! 




 Proove it! 









 That was my thought. Even if he was asleep that would definately wake him up. Wouldn't it??? 




 Ewwwww! cheesy coffee! 




 Thankyou that helps. :) 




 It's not the size that matters . . . 




 Ewwwwwwwwwwwww! 




 http://sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc3/hs116.snc3/16351_326846740326_713945326_9666477_343598_n.jpg

That's my fella   I dressed up as dead Bonnie   Clyde for a halloween party titled 'dead famous' 




 Cash isn't the original. Listen to Nine Inch Nails Hurt.  




 I can't whistle. It's so frustraiting. Everyone laughs at me when I try. :( 




 During pregnancy I randomly woke up and fancied rabbit stew at 4am in the morning. My partner refused to go shopping at that time in the morning. 

I knew there was a reason why we're not together now lol! 




 Well, when there's a large group of girls, they tend to break down in to smaller groups. The smaller group of girls will get on fine together. But they may end up in a bitchy war with another smaller group. No man could sort that out. The groups will either fight until one is found to be superior than the other {but there will always be tension} or they will just stay out of each other's way.  




 lol. I can see that. 




 I'm female and I would agree with that to a degree. I work with all females and one guy-who happens to be gay. You can imagine how bitchy it gets! 




 but then gf can't breed the cat. gf sulks alot 




 When I'm looking for tattoo ideas I can go through the search results for hours. 




 When I worked in a busy club a 70 odd year old guy came up to me. He looked like an english gentleman. He said 'I would love you take you home and make sex to you'

I was freaked!  He tipped me £30 though! 




 They didn't need to kill the poor . .big thing 




 I don't think so. The boss usually sorts out the rota in advance- cover is usually only needed when people phone in sick on the day. It's a children's nursery so no meetings or office time.  




 I hadn't thought of that. I might do it-although I'll probably get more stick for it. :/ 




 Really? I head differently. Damn. I wonder who they'll get as a permenant drummer then. 




 uk. He only got custody because at 18 years old {he's 6 years older than me} I didn't know how to fight in a court room. He kicked me out so I had to stay with family until I got my own place. I was also completely heart broken. I didn't start putting up a fight until it was too late. I'm now 23. He's denied me access most of this year, but when it goes back to court he will have give me back my weekends. One more screw up from him and I'll get custody. Our daughter is 5 years old. 




 They are certainly not joking. :( 




 I've thought about 'walking away' many times. And have come very close to doing so. But partly maternal instinct and guilt keep me fighting. What sort of mother just gives up on her child? She's 5 years old. He will tell her that I abandoned her. Not a nice feeling for her to have whilst growing up. Also social services have been involved and she has told them that she wants to her mummy and she misses her. 

After the next court hearing, the current court order will be re enforced. I will get her back on weekend again. If he steps out of line again-I will gain main custody. I don't want to stop my daughter seeing her Dad. It's not my right to do so. She has the right to see both her parents.  I will always maintain that rule.  




