 So in one second, you're telling me she freaked out because "she's seeing a Black guy for the first time", then in that same second, she s,miles because she realizes how silly it is to freak out because "she's seeing a Black guy for the first time", but you don't want to accept the fact she recognized this celebrity in one second.

Alright. 

Also, stop being so stubborn. You 100% understand what I'm saying so I'm not going to repeat myself.  




 Who smiles while being staggered back in fear? By the way she is pulled away by the young man on her right. 

Also, like I said in the previous comment, it takes seconds to recognize someone, even less time when this person has distinctive features. There are not many Blacks in Korea, and even fewer are celebrities.

Say a Yakuza was under that mask. It would not even take you a millisecond to recognize him because I'm pretty sure you don't know a thousands of them. Maybe not even one. If you see, say, a portion of their tattoo while they're removing the mask, your brain will automatically, without having *you* the conscious being think about it, list out everyone with that particular feature. Same with that lady. She sees Black skin, a certain height, a certain sense of style, maybe, a specific voice! How long does she need?  




 I have no social skills, obviously, and what I've learned from sociable people is that you must talk about something the other person can relate to. It never worked for me. 

Here's a recent exemple. A physicist told me they saw a spacecraft lift off. I love astronomy! And so I responded by talking about space, and the person lost interest immediately. 

Another one. Someone I know just had a baby and was talking about her new challenges as a mother. I love children! So I talked to her about some things I've learned about childcare, and the person lost interest immediately.

I learned I should never talk about myself too much (which is a problem), so in both cases, I never even used the pronoun "I". I would say things like, "Apparently, blablabla." instead of "I learned that blablabla." Still no conclusive results, and it happens all the time.

How do I improve this? 
Thank you.

  




 Please don't feel offended or anything of the sort, but how did you end up in a relationship? It's something I never understood with people who have little to no social skills. How do you do it? I'm struggling to have friends here!! 




 I don't think so. If you have very recognizable features, it would take less than a second to know you. There aren't thousands of Black celebrities in Korea. Also, if you look closely, she is smiling. 

Lastly, Koreans don't live under rocks. They have seen black people before. I went to Korea thinking I would be getting a shitton of attention or I would have some elders feel uncomfortable but ... no. No one cared about my presence (except kids. Those outside the city centre were genuinely curious).  




 Yes and look at how much we know about North Korea. /s 




 I have social anxiety, so yes it happens to me all the time. Even though I don't care about 99% of people. In my life, I've wanted to be friends with two people, so I obviously went for the "I'm going to blow your mind and you're gonna want to be my friend by tomorrow" route. With the first person, it was at first successful because I was older, therefore automatically "cooler" (we were 12-13 when we started talking). The second person is very sociable so didn't mind talking to me at first. Obviously I messed up because I have no social skills, and therefore like you, conversations were forced and terrible. 

Both people today completely ignore me, even when I try to talk to them.  




 Apparently this guy is really well known in Korea, so they were just shocked because of his popularity, and not because of his race. But then I read this somewhere. It was confirmed by someone actually living in Korea though.  




 I'm Black, originally from the West Indies. Parents don't have children because they want to, but because they see it as a life milestone. And once the child is born, said child's only "job" is to not piss off their parents (so good grades, no talking unless the parents feel like it, no bothering them unless you're in danger, basically stay in your lane at all times). I think it's common among Black people in general, though I don't really know how Africans deal with their youth. 

One thing that surprised me when I immigrated to Canada was people having casual conversations with their toddlers, of all people. Toddlers like to repeat themselves, they're not clear, they talk a lot ... and "white" (I'd always compare myself to white people only) parents enjoyed that. In my country, people don't converse with their toddler unless they're extremely bored. It gets slightly better for kids after puberty.  




 Hey I'm from Canada too. Seriously if you sound angry and you tell them you're going to switch, they give you whatever you want just to either shut you up or keep you as a client. My mother has done it with Bell, Videotron, Koodo and Fido. We have unlimited internet for cheaper than it should be, her cellphone bill have been cancelled many times (mine once with Koodo), and back when we were with Bell, they offered us I think free internet. All this so my mother could shut up (when she's mad, she talks way too much). 




 I think there is a solid community here in Montreal. If you're familiar with the area, The West Island and CDN-NDG seems to have the most hispanic families. Most I met personally were Mexicans, but there are also many Peruvians, Venezuelans, and Colombians. I, like /u/jamaljabrone , was shocked to see a higher percentage in Manitoba but /u/hubertiolable explanation makes total sense.  




 I totally agree with you! I wouldn't just give gifts only on those days (I have dozens of crafts planned, but holiday themed ones always seemed more fun to me), I was just wondering if I could on those days at all. I guess I got used to North Americans' ways : )

I will be in Hannover.  




 Oh wow, I didn't know that. I know of a couple of Germans who completely HATE this holiday. I always thought it was because of the overflow of candy part. I din't know tricks were actually taken seriously in Germany. Maybe because it's relatively new? And people only know about it from TV (and in TV shows, there are tricks. Like in the Simpsons). I hope with time the tricks part will disappear. I understand how you might not like this day. 




 Oh wow, I didn't know that. I know of a couple of Germans who completely HATE this holiday. I always thought it was because of the overflow of candy part. I din't know tricks were actually taken seriously in Germany. Maybe because it's relatively new? And people only know about it from TV (and in TV shows, there are tricks. Like in the Simpsons). I hope with time the tricks part will disappear. I understand how you might not like this day. 




 No, they don't do anything nasty. Kids will brush it off and move on to the next house without even looking at you. This night is literally a hunt for candy. If you don't deliver, ok whatever. There are dozens of other houses. 

The trick part doesn't really apply and it's been so long that no one knows why they say it. Even here in Canada, you'll hear people only say "Happy Halloween!" because trick or treat makes no sense, since there will be no tricks.  




 I totally agree, I just wanted themed crafts to do once in a while. I think culturally, Canadians (or North Americans) just "expect" something on certain holidays, but glad it's different in Germany. Thank you ! :)  




 I agree! I honestly don't know how it is in Germany, it's just that in Canada, people "expect" something from their children on special holidays. I guess it's different in Germany.

Thank you for the comment.  




 I will look into that. Thank you!  




 I'm not sure I'm understanding how trick or treating teaches extortion, but thanks for your input : )

* If you mean that "**trick** or treat" is the problem, it's really just words people say. In fact very few people know where it's from originally and what it meant. Kids here just see Halloween as an opportunity to get free candy. Nothing more.  




 Oh wow, that's good to know beforehand. 

Thank you very much!  




 I will be a caregiver in Germany, and I want the child in question to do fun activities he would normally do in a nursery. However, I am from Canada. Any occasion or holiday is a good excuse to make a craft and give it to mom and dad. Since I'll start in early February, I was thinking about a Valentines' Day themed craft, but apparently that would be highly inappropriate since in Germany, it's considered an adult-only holiday (from what I read). Also Father's Day seems to be more of a "Men Day" there. Basically, I'm afraid of getting the child involved in holidays he should not celebrate, as it would be inappropriate.  

So on which occasions do children gift crafts and things they made (at school/nursery) to their parents? 

Thanks in advance : ) 




 Thank you for your input! 

I enjoy being alone, too (I'm over at my sister's house like I said, and I became a noctural creature; I sleep during the day and stay up all night. This way I'm almost always alone). However, don't you sometimes wish you had someone? Sometimes I do. I don't want it to be anyone. Like I wouldn't go on a meeting website and just be like "Impress me." In my existence so far, there have been only two people I truly wanted to be part of my life. All two walked away because of who I am. 

I hope I never feel this need ever again. 




 I totally understand you. It's so difficult to live when not only do you not understand how you are, but others do not either. And it's YOUR responsibility to accommodate to them. As for friendships, are you out of college? People usually say it's easier to befriend people in college but it's not. It's easier to befriend people you see all the time in high school. I don't know how different it is/was for you, but my classes were the same people all year long, whatever the class. So it was easier to just have people get used to your odd behaviours, and the nicer ones will look past that. Maybe I was lucky because I was in an all-girl high school. 

I am so sorry to hear about what you went through because of your asexuality, and also what your mother put you through. Is it possible for you to move away? I know it's super difficult to move out of your parents' house, but taking distance is so beneficial. Anything works: A study trip, finding a job, backpacking ... some very cheap alternatives are available too like becoming an English teacher overseas, or a nanny. 

As for my culture, I am West Indian. Physical punishment is the only kind of parenting people know. I don't mean spanking. I mean full blown beatings with belts, wooden objects, shoes ... even the things you'd use to beat an animal like a horse, your parents can turn around and use it on you. When I immigrated to Canada at the age of 8, as soon as I learned that White people did not beat their kids (huge generalization, but at the age of 8 I was convinced only immigrants beat their kid), I was really looking forward to someone snitching on my mom so she could get punished. I didn't want her to go to prison, I just wanted her to change. Well, I was sooooo disappointed. People know that West Indians (among others) beat the crap out of their children, but they don't want to do anything about it because it's "culture". I was watching Dr Phil a year or so ago and there was this mother who admitted beating her child. She said it was culture, and Dr Phil said nothing about it. Months later, A woman says "My husband beats me with a wooden plank!" and she got two shows dedicated to her, everyone was crying for her, oh my god poor lady, yadiya. It's so upsetting, especially since our parents know they won't get punished. My mom always screamed, with zero ounce of fear in her eyes, to call the cops on her. She would take the phone, start dialling if she wanted to fuck me up, and just hand me the phone. It was my decision to actually call or not. I was so scared because I knew either way, I was going to be beaten up. It was a terrible thing. But hey, my mother has changed A LOT. She is not great objectively, but compared to who she was, she's Mother Theresa. I don't think she loves me. She's disappointed still, but she is civil enough to hide that hatred (though she doesn't do a good job at talking behind my back). I think what made her change was when she realized she had no control over me. It was done under extreme measures but she eventually got it. 

Anyway sorry this was long. 

 




 I don't remember the exact word (since there is one), but basically it was intensive behavioural training. My last psychologist was a college therapist so everything took place in school. Started off mild. She would ask me to look people in the eye. I tried but I couldn't handle it. It took me 17 years to (barely) look my mother in the eyes so I don't know what she was expecting. Then she said, while walking, I needed to stop looking at my feet, rather look at people. I did this once, cried in panic, and never tried again. I do sometimes look up but I need to be outside with very few people around me, or lost. Then she tried teaching me about social clues and body language. I understood in theory but in practice I had no idea what was going on. I was convinced (still am) that people, or at least college kids, aren't as sociable as she made them seem. No, me looking up and smiling instead of playing on my phone will not encourage them to talk to me. Anyway why would I want them to talk to me?! Then she would invite me to events where I had no choice but to talk with people. Thank goodness all those events took place during one of my classes. In the end she just gave me this book written for autistic people on how "People don't understand you, therefore you must change your behaviour because it makes them feel so uncomfortable, they rather avoid you." or whatever the conclusion was. I was not convinced. I knew she was trying really hard but this wasn't going to work. 

By the way, I'm from Canada so it's free, but my 3rd to last therapist was from private practice. Free therapists were too busy with a long waiting list (my parents wanted to "fix" me as soon as possible because they were preoccupied by my grades more than anything). And my high school nurse, like yours, didn't get it so I was not going to waste my time on her. I remember telling her I was sick of my mother beating me up and she was like "Well what do you want, it's culture!" Ugh. Never again.  




 That is interesting to know. I live in Canada and I could guarantee only non-white immigrants thought this way. My white friends always had cool parents who didn't expect much for their children but a lifetime of happiness, while all of us immigrants were publicly shamed whenever we didn't have good grades. And other immigrant parents would chime in and encourage that. "Oh, your kid had this grade? What is wrong with them?" 

Then when it was time to go to college, I was one of maybe three immigrant kids from my senior class who did not choose science (be it health science, pure and applied science, whatever). My white friends are mostly doing things they enjoy like art.

As an immigrant kid, your parents literally raise you to feel guilty. They didn't cross the Atlantic on a boat for a mediocre child. They didn't walk cm away from a bomb on their way to the airport for Bs and Cs. They didn't forfeit their Masters and Doctorates for mediocre jobs for you to learn languages (quoting my parents, who have since then giving up on me – best feeling ever). In High School, we had a project where we needed to invent a monologue, and most immigrant kids were crying their eyes out because they decided to talk about school and how they must not have their parents feel like immigrating was a waste of time. Another friend of mine who's a 3rd generation immigrant also was given high standards, since literally every single member of her family on her mother's side are doctors, and she is expecting to be just that. Her grandpa didn't go through all of this to have poor descendants. 

My biracial classmates and friends all had their white parent as the "chill one". The non-white parent always went ballistic on them for "not trying hard enough". I only know of one immigrant white kid (from France), and she is like all other white kids. I thought French people would be tougher but even my French teacher (immigrated from France less than two decades ago) was really chill with her child, despite being very strict with us.

So yeah. I always thought since we're not "in our country", we were given higher expectations. It never really goes away, until someone gets "white-washed". Apparently, I am white-washed, so if it means my kids will be happy and not forced to do things they do not enjoy, then heck yes, I am happy to be white-washed.  




 Hey thanks for mentioning Asperger's because it's yet another thing I have considered. Though my last therapist didn't try to give me a diagnosis, she did however talk about how similar I am to her autistic or Aspie patients. She even used the same technique she would use on someone who is autistic to "cure" my social anxiety and to get me out of my shell. My 3rd to last therapist was the one actually concluding that anxiety and depression are part of my personality and there is nothing that could be done, but back then I thought she was just being lazy after eating my money and staying silent through most sessions. Then my last therapist's failure to change anything in a year led her to believe nothing could be done (though she blamed it on herself and I hate myself to this day for making her feel this way. she was the nicest). It's comforting to find someone so similar.

Thank you for the reply!  




 Thank you for the comment! 

It helps to know other people's opinion as well.  




 Thank you for the reply! 

I understand a formal diagnosis is a billion times better than an informal one, but I must admit that formal ones have not always worked the best for me. It took me 3 years to get any type of diagnosis for depression and anxiety, simply because the psychiatrists I would see only had maybe 20 minutes to pose a diagnosis, and they did not see the symptoms they wanted. Only in informal situations I feel comfortable talking about problems I may have (like now). I got real diagnoses from psychologists I saw on a weekly basis only because they observed me. Not once have I enumerated my problems; they either saw it or understood it from whatever else I would say or do. Now, I unfortunately do not have the time to have someone following me since I will be moving out of my home country, and moving to a country with a language I do not speak well is not ideal for that type of diagnosis.

I think most importantly, I wanted a label. It validates my behaviour. I know I'm not ~~just~~ crazy or ridiculous. Maybe I will never meet someone in real life who will understand and accept my behaviour, but I know someone out there does, and it feels so good.  




 It was by an "off duty" doctor. He's my sister's husband, someone I don't know very well (sister and I have not lived together since 2002 and only saw each other three times since then) but still he's family, so I don't know how legitimate his diagnosis can be. I've been over at their house for three weeks now, and randomly today, he tells me that after that many days of observations, he knows what I am and what I like. He told me what I was (SPD) but not what I like .. which is odd. 

Anyway. I do have almost all the symptoms people usually list. I'll use what is posted on the sidebar here: (skip if uninterested)

 * Emotional coldness: Through High School I was known as the cold-hearted kid who did not care. But I think I do care sometimes. Maybe not as much as other people (For instance I want to convince myself that when I'm away from my dog, the one 'thing' I think I care a lot about, I miss him but I don't think I do).
 * Limited capacity to express emotions: Yes. Related to the first one I guess.
 * Consistent preference for solitary activities: Even when I'm around people, I would much rather do things on my own. It was a pain in high school and college because most P.E. courses were team sports. 
 * Very few close friends, and a lack of desire for such: I don't think I have friends. When asked, I always say my dog is my only friend as a joke. But I do mean it. 
 * Indifference to praise or criticism: Here's the one symptom I don't think I can agree with. I'm afraid of criticism, and praises make me uncomfortable. So I do care. 
 * Preoccupation with fantasy and introspection: All the way. I didn't know that could be a symptom of anything but ridiculousness, to be honest. 
 * Lack of desire for sexual experiences with another person: I consider myself asexual. 

He also said what pushes him to think I have SPD is because I'm a loner. He's not the first doctor or "expert" to tell me that. And it's almost always the same phrase "No offense, but yeah you look like the biggest loner, it's why no one wants to approach you". I don't take offense in it to be honest. 

However, I was also diagnosed with Depression and (Social) Anxiety in the past, and these two diagnoses made so much sense, I kind of lived my life under those labels. And now I may have a new one, and sister's husband is insisting on forgetting about the two previous ones. 

Has anyone ever had a depression, social anxiety, and schizoid diagnosis? 

Thank you.

To be honest I'm just happy to have found something that makes even more sense than just depression and social anxiety. The "lack of sexual desire" and "preoccupation with fantasy and introspection" are too accurate for me not to consider this personality disorder. It shouldn't be like this, but I love knowing I'm under a known label, and I'm not just that weird kid who seems to invent all of those unheard-of problems. It makes me feel less insane and more worthy.  




 I would but I really don't want to experience intense anxiety before going through what could be the most stressful moment in my life. Thanks for the suggestion though. 




 I have two weeks left in my country of residence before moving to Europe for at least 15 months. I want to ask my long-time crush out and just go for it. What's stopping me? Social anxiety. No matter the outcome, I would still go through a paralyzing panic attack that would last days, which would then lead me to regretting it.

So I guess I'm choosing big regrets over smaller regrets + a panic attack. 

I hate myself.  




 No. They're not Muslim or not even in a Muslim country so they shouldn't have to obey to Muslim law. A Muslim can be offended though, the same way a Christian may be offended by the countless jokes about Jesus. But what happened in Paris is not, and never will be, justifiable.  




 I'm going to Germany and will be welcomed by a host family. I'm not the best at giving gifts, so I was wondering what is something I can give them that is inherently Canadian or Québécois? My go-to gift is usually maple syrup. 

Any other suggestions? Thank you : )  




 She's even more grown up now. [This picture](https://www.flickr.com/photos/travelingroths/15028192561/) is only 5 months old. 




 Same here. To this day, I do not know how rich or poor we really are. I could figure it out, but I don't want to know. I don't want to know if my mother was lying and we're way richer than she made it seem to the family, or if she was lying and we're way poorer than she made it seem to others (which would mean she's crippling under thousands of dollars worth of debt). She flaunts a richness we do not seem to have to her friends and strangers, yet tells the family sometimes she doesn't have money for groceries. Either way, I still feel like a burden, and since the age of 15, I started calculating all unnecessary cost she has spent on me, and my mind won't be at ease until this amount is fully reimbursed.  




 Well, looks like I'm going to start shaving or waxing all the time : ( I'm not one who thinks getting rid of hair certain places is necessary, but I really hate touching my chin and feeling the hair.

Thanks a lot for the comment! : ) 




 Not yet. I'm thinking of going to see a doctor for that though. But like I said, I won't be able to see a doctor (for free) before April or May, so unfortunately it'll have to wait. But it's definitely on my list!  




 I read about it and I have all the symptoms! Well, I used to. What's odd is that after being hospitalized 10 or so months ago, my menstrual cycle became extremely regular, and the cramps were mostly gone. I don't know if it's random or if what I was given through IV caused it. Usually I'd have heavy bleeding and cramps for a week, now I get cramps for one or two days, and my bleeding goes from mild to moderate. But I have the other symptoms. 

Whew, very strange. Getting an ultrasound isn't too much of a hassle. I'll get one if possible, and as soon as possible. 

Thank you very much!  




 I think so too. I was just worried. I thought it was just in my genes since my grandmother has a couple of hair here and there ... and then mine started growing very quickly and started forming small patches. My grandmother hadn't shaved in years! I need to shave at least once a month (not confident enough to let it be). I kind of want to let it grow for three to six months and see if it keeps on growing longer and longer. If it does, I would go see a doctor then. But since it has a grow spurt around the time I'm about to have my period, I'm thinking it's definitely something like too much androgen. Which isn't that big of a deal?  




 It's not a full beard but I have two small patches of long (5cm) very dark hair. Plus the way it curls makes it visible from afar. I think it's very noticeable, especially since it's paired with acne. Like I told someone else, it grows really fast around the time I'm supposed to get my period (which is also when acne appears), it is why I bothered asking. I used to think it was normal but then that's not what Google and my relatives were saying haha  




 Thank you for your comment!

I actually started using an eyebrow shaver but I guess I'll try waxing instead.  




 I thought so too but the only person who has normalized it was a Sikh girl with a full-grown beard. But then everyone else is acting like it shouldn't happen, especially since I'm 18.  




 It's not a full grown beard, but it's definitely visible. It's pretty long and it grows very fast. I last "shaved" on December 18th (It was really long and I was going to visit people) and on December 1st, it started growing back. Now, it's life five or so centimetres long. I have two distinguishable patches. 

 I think it's related to my menstrual cycle. My chin is like massacred when I'm about to have my period. Acne + chin hair. It's annoying.  




 Thank you! Hopefully soon enough I will be able to get tested. I'm just wondering though, is it that bad? I never knew it was a serious problem. I thought it was like women with a little hair over their upper lip.  




 I am a girl. I thought it was more common than it seems to be to have chin hair (since many girls have a moustache). Looks like it's not.  




 So whenever I tell a family member I have hair growing on my chin, they scream "Already?!" I had no idea having them at my age was that big of a deal. And then I went on trusty google, and the results are dramatic, as always. Hyperthecosis (too much androgen) is the least dramatic of the bunch, so I think it must be that.

So I'm wondering, how many youngish people have chin hair, and should I be worried? 

** I will not be able to see a doctor for at least four months, unless obviously I go to an emergency room or I pay (and I'm not a big fan of paying for things I can get for free, unless there's an emergency).  




 Oh really? I was going to use it in hopes of acquiring hipster friends.  




 I'm sorry this is a bit off topic, but thank you for making me discover the word "quaint" as I've never seen or heard it before (English is not my first language). It looks like its definition (attractively unusual or old-fashioned).  




 One bathroom is fine, but stalls are already scary as they are for many reasons: hygiene (it's like people respect individual bathrooms more than stalls), fear of being heard,  fear of being seen, few of being violated in any way. Most of those fear are expressed by women. I went to an all girl secondary school which had a coed primary school (both schools were in the same building but we each had our own floors) and surprisingly, after puberty, I became self-conscious enough to flush while peeing, cough while unwrapping a pad or tampon, inspect the ceiling or the spacing between doors (if you see what I mean). That's with other women. With men, paranoia and anxiety would go through the roof!

I have no idea how or when girls are taught to behave this way in bathrooms, but it's sadly common. 




 Oh I see. Alright I'll go on walks and hope I have access to a piano! ^^ 




 Unpopular opinion: I don't find this cringy. It's sad. She has either social anxiety, has been deceived many time before and just doesn't know how to respond to rejection, maybe a mix of both. Which suck. And then I'm reading the comments and looks like OP kept talking with her only because she was smoking hot ... It's pitiful.  




 I won't be in my own house so I don't think I'll be able to play games, but yes I'll walk around and be healthy and stuff. Maybe the person I'll be living with will have a piano, I can pick up a new hobby! 

Hey may I ask you a random question? While learning German, my teacher (who has not lived in Germany in 30 years but does visit her small city from time to time) said that cafés in Germany are different from what we (North Americans) know. Here, a café is a place to drink coffee, but it's not its only purpose. You can go there with your laptop and use their wifi for as long as you wish, do homework, or just chill with people or alone. Is it the same in Germany/Hannover?

Thank you in advance! : )  




 Thank you. I was just very frustrated and meditation made it worse ("quieting" my mind just makes it louder). I was using Headspace. I'll try your website. Thanks again : ) 




 How can you block off thoughts that your mind is creating? What stops the brain from thinking? Itself! But then if it does not want to cooperate, what do you do? 

I don't understand how people have control over their brain so much, making it hard for me to believe it sometimes. Meditation is basically all about controlling your thoughts but then it's your brain who does that, and the brain only gives you the illusion of having control when in fact, it's the one creating you, and making you think those things ... Maybe most people are just lucky to have 'easy going' brains? Or does my brain have "too much control"?  




 I'm from Montreal and the only time we hear the national anthem is during a hockey game.  




 I am wondering the same thing! Actually, I'm curious to know what were the survival rate before we became "civilized". Because unfortunately, our species needs women to survive longer since we are born extremely premature (contrary to most animals being independent in a couple of hours or a couple of years, we're not ready before five, six or more years). Maybe the fact that we are very social animals has a lot to with it, and an abandoned child even then would most likely find another caregiver. 

I'll look into that!  




 I hope this isn't too late, but I don't know about Au-pairing in the United States, as the other user stated, but I don't think you legally need to have experience when going to Europe, unless you're going through an agency. Obviously, a parent would never choose someone who never took care of children before, so babysitting is good. Also, try taking a CPR/First Aid class. It's always a plus.

Basically, it's up to you. It's for your own confort if you get as much experience as possible, and you'll get many more responses if you're experienced. Taking care of children is overwhelming, even when you know what you're doing. However when you have experience, you know how to go through it without completely losing it. 

Good luck! : ) 




 Good old tactic to get more clicks.  




 [Not really.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_life_expectancy) Even in countries where the average women has more than two children, and even in very poor countries, life expectancy of a woman is higher than that of a man. [Here's why.](http://news.health.com/2014/10/13/why-do-women-live-longer-than-men/) (feel free to look for other sources) I'm pretty sure we evolved to have mothers who can survive pregnancy, childbirth and live long enough to take care of her progenitor until they're strong and independent enough. We would be a useless and long dead species if most women did not survive, since our babies are premature as fuck.  




 Do you attract much attention?  




 May I ask you what racial group is the most represented? I am also of a culture where people do not encourage their children to talk (they find it annoying) at all but I never saw a child getting help from it.  




 Hello! 

I am from Montreal Canada, and I will be in Hannover for at least a year. Second time ever in Europe (first time was in Paris for a few days). 

Usually people ask questions about pubs or the Hannover nightlife. As I am quite asocial, I was wondering, what are the best "Loner Places" or "Loner Activities" in Hannover? Anything goes, as long as you're not expected to talk to people.

Thank you!  




 Depression is not rare. Almost everyone will go through it at some point. Others go through it "all their life". We just don't hear about it enough because may non-depressed people ridicule it and blame the sufferers for not "trying hard enough" or whatever they say.  




 Nah I get you. I lack confidence and social skills. On the rare occasions I decided to go for it, I would sound like that. I think it's enough motivation to never try again. 




 Okay, let me put it this way. 

70% of the population of *City A* is 5 and under. 65% of children 5 and under have *Deadly and Contagious Disease X*. Say you have a three-year-old daughter. It's no one's fault if 70% of the population is a toddler in *City A*, but *City A* is dangerous to your daughter's health, BECAUSE 70% of the population is a toddler. So say you live in *City A* because rent is cheaper or something, and you go online and say "Gosh, 60% of toddlers are sick. What an unsafe environment for my child." How are you acting like the number is higher than it should be? If most of the population is dangerous, and they just happen to be of a certain group, then you can affirm that said group is more dangerous than another. Like all statistics linking race and crime rate do (though it's actually linked to poverty, and we can link poverty to race). So comparatively, White people commit 'more' crimes than other races. - I am not confirming that fact since I did not research the statistics myself. I am just saying that thinking he's making it seem bigger than it is, is exaggerated.  




 The problem is that I don't see where or how he's acting like it's higher than it should be.  




 The excessive exclamations after using only two? Ok. 




 "Less crimes than expected" what is that supposed to mean. It's still more than half! Wether there are 3 people or 3 million, if 2/3 of them are criminals, it's still 2/3!  




 Yes I will. Thank you : ) 




 Yes that is what I was planning on doing. I was just getting accustomed to the system beforehand. However I couldn't find the information myself. 




 I'll be spending 12-14 months in Germany. 




 If you cancel with them, they charge you, sometimes more than the actual price of the ticket (from what I read on websites like Yelp). I was worried for my credit card too but one positive thing people said was that before charging you, they send you an email beforehand (and they do send at least one email a day so that would not surprise me). I will however check my bill to make sure I am not being scammed. 

Thank you though : ) 




 Nope. I am leaving from Montreal, going to Germany (layer in London). I have an American passport though, but I did not disclaim that information, so I don't think that's it. 

Definitely learned my lesson. I won't cancel though since they will charge me. But so far it's just confusing, not terribly exasperating. Yet.

Glad to see a few people who have nothing negative to say about it. The reviews are so discouraging.  




 I am not from Europe.  




 With the sketchy-looking website and the terrible reviews, I honestly didn't feel comfortable sharing any information with them.
 Thank you very much! 




 I'm on mobile so I'm sorry for formatting. 




 I bought one-way tickets to Germany through Kayak, but they redirected me to a website called airfare. I have never heard of them, but quite frankly it's only my second time booking a flight on my own (I'm 18) and the first time, it went well (it was not with airfare, still through Kayak).

Anyway so I booked my ticket, got a confirmation email the next day saying it's all processed and I'm basically ready to go, but here we are, two days later, and I receive this:

" Dear Traveler, 
Government authorities around the world have tightened security considerably at Airports so that you can travel safely to your destination. 
With that in mind, we are required to collect 'Advance Passenger Information' from all passengers before travel, on behalf of government authorities. 
You must provide this information to us to complete the ticketing process. 
It is important that the information provided is accurate. 
Advance Passenger Information refers to specific Passport details and we need the below information in order to process your Airline ticket(s). 
•	Passport number 
•	Country which issued your passport 
•	Passport expiry date 

Thank you for making your booking withAirfare.com"

Should I do as I am told? 

Thanks in advance. 




 Great! Ustra's "Fares" page isn't working for some reason and I couldn't find anything else. 

Thank you very much! : ) 




 I'm sorry if this is not the right subreddit, but /r/hannover has been inactive for a full month. 

So as the title says, are there monthly passes in Hannover if I want to take the bus/s-bahn? I can only find informations about day passes (online), but I'm having a hard time believing that's all there is ...

Thank you in advance.  




 Yep, he is no exception. Like I said, prestigious schools send their students overseas, and prestigious school only board kids of important people, including the Kim family.  




 I think "any second" is inaccurate. In Astronomy, the "near" future is at least tens of thousands of years. Also, it would not affect us the way you're describing it. It will affect whatever is chilling outside out atmosphere, including humans, but thank goodness Earth has a trusty atmosphere that's doing pretty good despite the shit we're making it go through. However the upper part of it would be damaged, including our ozone layer, which is where the problem would start. But no, it's not immediate doom, and it's not going to happen "any second" from now.  




 I know the words, I understand the words, but I always want to fully understand by imagining it ... then I realize nothing else is infinite, and nothing else is "expending into itself". Frustration.  




 In all seriousness, the odds of that happening are so slim. Look at what's happening on Earth. We're the most intelligent species, with language and an advanced understanding of our existence (according to us .. haha), yet our DNA are 50% similar to that of a Banana, 90% similar to a cat's ... Small variations in the DNA results in huge differences. The odds of having living beings similar to us on another part of the Universe is unimaginable because of that (not impossible though I mean. Who knows). Plus we probably wouldn't have the same 'definition' of alive or intelligent. They could be right before our eyes and we wouldn't know ...
 It's very sad to be honest.  




 You are lucky I think. Most people do not have relatives as understanding as yours seem to be. And I  truly think, like OP said, though  your  situation might  stay the same (or feel like it), relatives and friends will likely forget about you. Grieve and move on. So ultimately, you staying isn't making them that big of a favour. 

My opinion anyway.  




 It was definitely irrational, but after ending up in  the hospital after my first  attempt, my family saw it as a victory. "Ha. You can't escape us." type of thing. They talked psychiatrists out of taking care of me, got me out the  mental hospital, high fived (figuratively) and moved on. Prior to that, my sadness were also victories, my tears their trophy. But whenever I would take a decision, make myself suffer in x or y manner, they'd feel insulted. So to me, suicide was my last fuck you to them.

But later I realized my suicidal thoughts and actions were definitely not only caused by them since I'm still having them and my parents affect me less. 




 Exaclty. People who think their dogs are ruthless sex addicts like they are and they "deserve to know that feeling of freedom" are idiots. 




 The whole point of existence is selfishness. Survival class is basically How to Be Selfish 101 because you must make sure you're out of danger before helping someone else. Our ancestors were selfish so they wouldn't have to share their food too much and die. So many other examples of how selfishness is what has made us survive as a species. Therefore it's a good kind of selfishness.

Now. About suicide, it is still the good kind of selfishness. You're not living for others, especially if said others are your parents, friends, etc.. The only people who need you would be your children, but that's on a moral standpoint. No where does it say you owe them your life (though I truly believe that is a true statement. You owe your kids everything). Family and friends will be in grief, but if you're in a deep depression and you choose to stick around to please them, you're in for one hell of a ride since life is the single thing you cannot handle anymore. It is selfish of any relatives to say "Think about us!" because they are not telling you to live for yourself, they're telling you  to stick around so they don't have to go through pain, while you can continue suffering. Isn't that  selfish? 

Ok now think of someone with a terminal illness who  is suffering. Wouldn't it be only fair if they asked for a no-resuscitation bracelet? Even if the family does not want them to die? Because it's their suffering, not the family's. 

Its no rocket science. Your life = you live for you. I am not promoting suicide, but there is nothing I can think of that would ever make me relevant in whatever situation the person is going through. I am battling depression and ironically, thinking about my family was the best motivation to my suicidal attempts. Because my life  wasn't theirs and I couldn't wait to tell them that without any fear. 




 How is that not selfish. "Live! Think about us before thinking about yourself!" 




 ITT : People who know very little about hacking and/or North Korea. 




 Many North Koreans know how the West is or how they view North Korea. Prestigious schools send their kids overseas all the time. Yet after their trip, for some  reason they become more supportive of their country's regime. Probably out of fear to speak up. So no. That would not change  anything. 




 Really now? Giving up on the only worthy piece of greenery we have? 




 Why are you so upset? Damn ... 




 If you fail to understand the meaning of "sexualize" in this entire debate, don't even bother chiming in. It's like you did not read the entire thing, but you're commenting along.  




 This, I agree with. It's just my opinion, and no, I can't find actual facts proven by scientists! I can only rely on feelings and personal knowledge (mixed with culture maybe). But yeah. I also suck at expressing myself, especially in English.  




 [Yes](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2363193/No-time-family-You-Parents-children-spend-hour-day-modern-demands.html) and no. There are articles out there, but my personal opinion comes from personal experience with my family of childcare providers, teachers, therapists, etc.

The problem is our modern day (that is, from 1945) tendencies: mothers must work now, everyone has longer hours, and everyone is tired. My mother works in a daycare and there are kids who arrive at the same time or before her (7 AM), and some leave way after her, as late as 7 PM. Sometimes, she has to bring a kid home because the parents never come! And what's funny is that many of those parents are extremely rich people who do not work (my city has many Italian millionaires and many send their kids to my mother's daycare), yet they are the ones with many nannies, filling up daycares to make it impossible for others to place their children, and seldom knowing their children's personalities. 

I also read an article about psychology. It was French and from a book, so I can't send you a link. It doesn't say "Parents spend less time with their children", but it does say that parents often rely on others when it comes to parenting their children. In North America anyway. It is why like 50% of kids have ADHD because there is no one to take care of their individual needs, even though they have parents and that's kind of their purpose and job ... A relative's friend is sending her four-year-old to therapy to get potty trained! How crazy! Anyway. That's another debate. But yes, the increase of mental health diagnoses is related to our inability (or lack of motivation?) to treat individual children, so we rather group 30 kids in one room, hope they act the same, and the one requiring more individual attention will have a diagnosis of any kind and be sent to professionals. 

It's often not the parents' fault, but it's not impossible to spend time with your child and devote your time off to them. Even with a full time job! It just demands a lots of energy and giving up on your "alone time". 




 Do you have a view that is based on evidence or reason? Do we have CGI depicting child porn?  




 I'm telling you that we do not agree on one and only thing: how we view sex. That is all. 




 Alright. This is going nowhere. I know my English is not the best but it's like you're purposely dodging what I'm saying at this point. I'm just repeating myself. 

I give up.  




 So you're telling me earlier it's okay to have opinions, now you're all on my throat because I'm not giving you scientific results of extensive researches. It's an opinion. Mostly based on feelings and morals. 

The problem is that you do not see it as wrong (which is a feeling, so opinion). Some things are just wrong because the majority thinks so. Rape is wrong because we think so, but some cultures still does not see the difference between rape and sex. Now this idea of sexualizing things as wrong is new, so it'll take time before it catches up but I sure as hell hope it does. 

No, I am not being inconsistent. In your head as in no one knows about it =/= in your head as in mental difference/difficulty. 

All I'm saying is this. I have an opinion. I obviously like my opinion. Yours is the opposite, and I find it sickening. Which is bad because it's your opinion. Opinion, by the way, meaning based on feelings, experiences, among other things. We're trying to convince each other, because you want freedom of doing whatever, I want people to stop sexualizing everything there is because my opinion is that it's harmful. It just is. Based on nothing. Like most opinions.  




 Ok first of all, sexualizing someone does not mean you find them attractive. Sexualizing them means to make them sexual. Plain and simple. A banana for a horny woman is not attractive, but it becomes a sexualized object. If you fail to distinct sexual and physical (and emotional, let me throw this one in) attraction, I'm very sorry for what you are missing.

Second, now that we understand what sexualizing means, it is wrong to sexualize something that was not meant to be sexualized, especially if you expect whoever is/has those thing to respond positively to your sexual impulses. That is something people can't understand yet it's so simple ... I could be walking butt naked outside, don't expect me to be okay with you voicing your sexual interests, or acting upon them.

Now whatever happens in your head is no one's business if it stays in your head. I bet many people have fantasized about violent sexual relationships, even if it's abusive. But that's cool I mean it's your issues. Now if you expect others to think it's okay when they don't, or you're using the fact that whoever is in question can't have an opinion on it, then you're in the wrong. It is why the law protects 16 year olds and younger when it comes to sex. Technically, they're mature enough for it physically, have taken the decision themselves, but they are not mature enough to understand the repercussions that may actually comes with it.  




 I can follow it ... or else why would I want someone to follow it? And obviously your example is wrong and exaggerated, and you sound like a smart person so I think you understand exactly what I meant.  




 I think the problem is that you do not see what is wrong with sexualizing things against their will. If said thing has no will, why sexualize it? Unless it's an object, then .. well it's an object. 

Yes, you sexualizing a person who didn't allow you to is wrong, but that's too new of an idea for people to understand it. I can't wait for humanity to change and see what is wrong with this tendency.  




 Not really, since he's dead. But it does affect children because they're sexualized! It's so simple! What else can I say? Anyway.  




 Some things are just morally wrong, and that's one of them. Morally wrong things (like murdering a homeless man) affects no one really. But they still wrong. 

Anyway. See, we just have different opinions, and you seem to not understand why my understand is what it is, just like I don't understand why yours is what it is.  




 So? So if you don't know what's happening, it can't affect you? And sexualizing children is not just wrong without any need of justification? This is where I will never understand you and people sharing your opinion. But oh well. Whatever.  




 I think it affects children negatively, by sexualizing them. I'm repeating myself but that's the whole problem for me. If it's not for you, okay. But it is a huge problem for me, needing no further explanation.  




