 That Bulbasaur looks retardedly high.

But for real, it's an awesome lookin piece 




 It does give it a classic look. But I'm using it because of its brand. And how much times do you just have a Tiffany and Co. Box to present? [7] 









 Having been born and raised in Missouri, I am remarkably concerned with what happens there, as well as for family and friends in the area. Even if others have said this, it can't be said enough.  




 A bag of weed, a bag of weed, everything is better with a bag of weed. 




 I wasn't thinking about the kief [9] 
I was just thinking about what I planned on rolling in, and then I would deal with that later 




 Trailer Park Boys references made it here before it did. 




 Everyone has that one friend with a bunch of lighters.  




 I've used a mortar and pestil (sp?) Before. It is an interesting experience to say the least. Like, I had a bag that a friend let dry out,  and it took under 30 seconds to grind this way,  and it came out joint weed fine 




 I was too high 




 First off.  What?
Second off. What?
No really, what? 




 Warping at its finest 




 This happens every single time I'm high. It's why when I'm at an [8] or higher, I can lay in one spot, and either create music from the natural rhythms of nature, or hear actual songs playing sometimes. 




 Trailer Park Boys. Fuck, I don't want to be in that trailer park 




 I didn't have a choice on stocking food this time around, since my parents took care of this week.  




 I don't want to splurge on unhealthy food but that is almost all that is in my house. [6 or 7] 




 At least Comcast will have a 5 star rating somewhere 




 "It is very easy to get high. It is not easy to get unhigh." -Katt Williams 




 I feel like I'm about the only person who listens to metal of sorts when they're high. Between the Buried and Me has produced some very good concept pieces (albums), but I can't link any of then since I am on my phone 




 Canada 




 Canada 




 The End
 




 This is one of the few threads where I haven't seen someone go OMFG!!! BATMAN PREPTIME!!

But seriously, if Guts were anything less than 8/10 for the reasons provided, I would be remarkably surprised.
Prep time gives Batman time to form plans and such, not become physically stronger than whoever he is facing, even though he is given 6 full months of conditioning and training time. 









 This has all the makings of a sitcom.  




 I love the Jojo inclusion in this list.  




 Niggas. Niggas ain't nothin to fuck with  




 War Machine must be a faggot then 




 Oops. I was thinking Avengers: Age of Ultron. 




 Perhaps. I still don't like how it will likely be Stark that created Ultron 




 Hey just Google that if you want to know more 




 Can anyone answer why they went with Scott Lang as their Ant Man of choice instead of Hank Pym? Don't get me wrong, I like my lovable 80s comic characters, but I feel like Pym would be able to be a more consistent parallel between what has happened in the original Marvel Universe (616) and the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

Edit: according to several people, Pym will be appearing in the Ant Man movie.  




 And Predator (I think) is in the ocean. Remind me why I avoid water

Edit: I originally put Venom instead of Predator. Pretty sure I fucked up the reference either way 




 I thought Edge of Tomorrow got renamed on IMDB 




 50% fact. 50% magic. 100% results. BROSCIENCE! 




 That's...actually...reasonable 




 And he called out the main cast of Two and a Half Men. I like that move 




 Crab - People. Crab - People.  I love that episode of South Park 




 Longmire and their lovely plot writing...but seriously,  I feel like Indiana Jones and Walt Longmire would be an interesting match up 




 Thank you for this response, especially the last part. I talked to some of my family and friends that are in the military, and they said about the same thing. They also added that if it sounds too good to be true, then it probably is. 




 So I head into Meps this Wednesday and Thursday,  but I know I will be put on a DEP because of my braces, so the earliest I could go to basic would be late February - early March. My main questions are: 
What should I look for in my contract (loans being paid back, school being paid for, mos, rank, etc)?
How much of what my recruiters push is complete bullshit (they aren't focused on me getting an education, but rather they keep trying to push the possible high salary that can come with being a nuclear engineer?
And what would happen If I decided to not sign my contract after passing all my physical and mental requirements (I can pass tape and am likely to get a near perfect score on the ASVAB)? 




 Haha I get it! 




 Do Stands (Jojo's Bizarre Adventure) count as powers for this? If not, Star Platinum (Jotaro's Stand) would keep Jotaro alive for the sake of Jotaro's self preservation 




 I always thought it worked based off of the existence of an exploitable soul that can be used to force the victim to feel the pain that they have inflicted on everyone they (the victim) have ever inflicted pain onto.

Edit 1: Victim isn't the right word, but I can't think of a better one.
Edit 2: I ended a sentence with a preposition...silly me. 




 Question: does Thanos have a soul? Because if Thanos does not have a soul, then the Penance stare doesn't do squat.

Also I'm using the Nicolas Cage movie version, and I am not caught up on the Ghost Rider comics. 




 Bees on bees on bees 




 "Ora! Ora! Ora! Ora! Ora!"

That is the cry of Star Platinum trying as hard as he can to protect Jotaro from the swarm. I want to believe that with the power of precise movements and the urges of Stand master preservation,  Star Platinum would fend off all the bees, but I do not think he could move fast enough to protect Jotaro from a swarm of the bees stinging him. Maybe they could do the heart stop thing to prevent blood flow so the venom doesn't circulate while it gets separated from the blood cells and removed from the body,  but I doubt that would even work.  




 Bees hurting the bees?

...I just wanted to be a smartass 




 Not the bees! NOT THE BEES!!!!!!!!! 




 This song is basically the merger between my childhood and my teenage years, and it is featured several times in an episode of Spongebob. 









 Buttscratcher. :( 









 I found the skeleton!! 




 White people do as they please in this country. It's just a way of life, unfortunately. 

Source: whiter than Weird Al in "White and Nerdy" 




 Can he go Super Saiyan 




 Along the vein of snorting things and weird Spanish classes, I was dared to snort a birth control pill. Let's just say I didn't get my period that month. ....or any other month.

I am a dude
 









 So it would be like he is fighting an Abstract then? Could he win with the Infinity Gauntlet and/or Heart of the Universe, or is this one of those he cannot destroy the concept of Death situations? 

Because I know in one of the Marvel Universes (Cancerverse I believe) Death actually was killed, so nothing could die. 




 Why is That?  I'm just curious and not caught up 




 Can MacGyver rig up his own keys and puzzle solutions from stuff laying around? If so, MacGyver escapes the easiest 




 Generally, the chapters that haze are becoming more and more of the minority amongst Greek Life as a whole. Honestly, there are other ways of building the bonds between members that will last a lifetime. Personally, spending time around all of my fellow brothers doing things like catching dinner or even hanging out playing Xbox (not stereotypical CoD or sports) makes me feel like we are all connected beyond our memberships in our respective chapters. 

I do not have any hazing experiences myself, as I'm not big on hazing people, and there wasn't really any type of initiation requirement or anything of that sort that could be considered hazing, within the wordings of both public perception and our National Fraternal Constitution.  

Source: Phi Kappa Tau member of the last 3 semesters. Have watched 2 rush semesters that weren't mine become gentlemen who can proudly wear our letters.  




 The name you're thinking of is Juicy J. And I can't remember whether it was him or his collab (Three Six Mafia) that won the Oscar, or what it was for. If it was for music stuffs, then yeah...I think it would be on a different scale of judging than actors' Oscars 




 Go Hoosiers?  




 Dat Alaska progress. What did you have to eat during your hikes? Also, obligatory beautiful in Alaska this time of year comment. 




 You can learn this one weird trick to getting rich, but only if you jump through these hurdles and get invovled in our totally "not a Ponzi scheme" Ponzi scheme 




 Redundant English much? 




 Fuse into Batman. Instawin 




 Along that note, GL would destroy round 2 because of increased willpower to finish the fight with Goku 




 "We just need to hit him...really hard." -DBZ Abridged Picollo 




 Rule 1: be attractive.
Rule 2: don't be unattractive 




 I can get a double chicken burrito at Chipotle for $9.24 after tax. 
I would add a drink for about another $1.70. 
This comes to roughly 11 dollars.

I can do this twice.  




 So, let me get this straight...This is a fight between a raccoon who is a weapons expert, created in a comic book universe vs a crazy alien experiment that was created in the land of toonforce (for lack of words)?

Stitch would win almost every time on the sake of being able to tank damn near everything,  and would Rocket Raccoon instantly know Stitch's weakness(es)? If not, then Stitch stomp.

Also, will Rocket become the next Batman in terms of prep time, with prep = win? Because if so, send that over to r/whowouldcirclejerk 




 "Fuck off, Lahey."
 




 Saitama. One punch man. Come on now, one punch is all you need. 




 No, it is not.  




 A little bit of a background about me: I'm 20 y/o, and can meet all the physical requirements asked of me for the branch I am looking at (Navy), I scored in the upper 90s on the ASVAB test, and I have 2 years of college under my belt, with about another 3 before I get my Bachelor's Degree. I plan on entering the engineering side of things, specifically, nuclear engineering. I plan on entering the military either way (with or without a degree) but I would like to hear thoughts from all sides on whether I should just finish out school before enlisting, or I should go in now? 














 Doesn't Spawn also feed off the evil within someone? If Bayonetta is an evil entity, then Spawn will become increasingly powerful to match Bayometta's power. 




 I thought there was a 72 hour ceasefire in place.  




 TOAA because I'm lazy.

 




 I believe it is a scene from First Avenger where they mention Cap can't get drunk. OP never specified whether he was referring to comics or movies for tolerances and such 




 One effect you forgot about PSI Flash was that it could straight up kill an enemy at an given point in time as well, meaning that Lucas (while a support character) still had pretty good offensive PSI power 




 This is for everyone who ever recommended I watch Game of Thrones or read A Song of Fire and Ice. It's not that I don't enjoy it, it's that I don't annoy everyone with how good I think it is  




 I just didn't know it was allowed for that much of an advantage...If used correctly 




 Breaking 4th wall? 




 I almost corrected your 17 to a 5 until I realized that 1700 hours is 5 in the afternoon in military time....derp 




 I'm using the most famous example I can think of to give an insight into the potential behind using calisthenics and such. 

Also, why wouldn't people be able to survive on his diet and lifestyle?  




 Jotaro Kujo (Stardust Crusaders) in Fallout: New Vegas.

Star Platinum can probably catch most bullets shot at him. He would probably go off into hiding or gamble since he would likely be very disinterested in the rest of the world, but he would do just fine.

Mr. Satan in the same universe?
Dude's getting shot in about 60 seconds or less. 




 If you want to give someone a good perspective on calisthenics,  have them look at Frank Medrano.  




 Also, I just realized we were talking about the bags of pretzels (like Snyders brand) and not the pretzels they make at the fair lol 




 Pretzels are actually remarkably high in calories and carbs. But yea, avoid soda.

Source: My job is to make pretzels and I have been informed about the nutritional contents in them.

Edit: This may just be my employer, as I have seen other people post about pretzels being a good idea. 




 Metal. As. Fuck. 




 Alucard and Cell? Regeneration from a single cell on top of millions of lives. So he gets killed once...big deal, respawn.  This is a fuckmothering vampire fused with someone who has psuedo SS2 powers. 




 Round 3 is all day Supes. Goku is the closest thing I have seen to a well liked protagonist being able to pull off being an absent father... 




 So, this might become a stomp.
Favorite character: Vegeta (DBZ)
Least favorite character: Ash's Pikachu (Pokemon)

This depends entirely on the amount of plot armor that is allowed. Yes, both of them have plot armor to a degree,  but I'm pretty sure that stupid Pikachu has ungodly amounts of plot armor. I hate that mouse for that, and the fact that my Pikachu doesn't have any durability compared to Ash's.  




 Batman circle jerk prepped for this 




 John Constantine literally manipulated God and the Devil on at least one occassion, so it would just be another day of work for him 




 Alucard (Hellsing) vs Wolverine (Marvel)

1. In character, both of them would likely fight, since Wolverine as a mutant would likely be someone Alucard would hunt. I feel like most rounds would be a contest of Alucard's souls vs Wolverine's healing factor. I would give the victory to Alucard's souls and vamperic powers. Alucard 6.5/10

2. Bloodlusted: if Wolverine can chop off Alucard's head and rip out his heart on a speedblitz, then Wolverine would win (odds are about 4/10, IMO) More than likely, Alucard would go level 0 and Wolverine's healing factor would not be able to keep up with the sheer amount of injuries he would suffer. Alucard 6/10.

3. Prep: Wolverine would know what to do to actually kill Alucard, and Alucard would know how to beat adamantium skeletons and healing factor, but I would give this to Wolverine 6/10, because I think prep helps Wolverine more than it would Alucard 




 You mean out of his hair?  




 You're* FTFY 




 My Raditz is in the top percentage of Raditzes.  




 I lived in Missouri, but am now in Indiana.

For Missouri,  we would just smoke a bunch of meth and go berserk. 

For Indiana, we will steal the nation's corn supply. Mwahahaha 




 That was my exact reference.  




 Adam West portrayed Batman in the 1960s 




