 One of the most popular "Mexican" places in my hometown is Carlos *O'Kelly's*. Needless to say it's not very authentic. 




 Not the OP, but my recommendation would vary based upon whether you want over-ear, on-ear, or ear-bud type headphones. 




 Snoop Dogg and Ice T 




 Agreed, wish I had the skills to restore one of these. I look at pics of my parents' first cars and just drool. 




 How to fry chicken or how to properly diddle a vagina. Not in that order of course.  




 Because in some ways Reddit understands me more than my own family members.  




 Ayyy?  




 Rap must be changing cause I'm at the top and ain't no one on top of me 




 What's gonna happen in three years?  




 Send pics and maybe we can arrange this ;) 




 Does your wife work for her own practice? I'm just asking because a friend of mine is worried about going into debt from buying a business. She's in dental school now. 




 Depends on the outcome of their lie. If it's pre-donation and usage of the donation, they will be put on our permanent deferral registry and wouldn't be able to donate anywhere in the country. Huge red mark.

If they make it through donation, it's a different story. When I was going through my training I was told about a guy who ended up doing jail time for possibly contaminating the supply and fined several thousand dollars. Outcomes will vary. 




 HIV and prion diseases are totally different beasts.  




 I worked as a phelbotemist at a blood center for awhile, basically every potential donor has a long questionnaire that includes questions about potential sexual lifestyle hazards. If you are a male, have you ever had sexual contact with another male? Medical supervisors review questionnaires and anyone deemed a risk is permanently banned from donating. It basically relies on honesty because I've seen people who are gay donate (I don't know if they're sexually active or virgins or what).  




 Why only white lesbians? Do you have evidence of HIV rates behind high among lesbians of other racial groups? I know your statement was a hypothesized, but still.  




 Citation?  




 Including MSM, black women, etc 

Not all black women have sex with men. Source: am black lesbian and regular blood donor 




 -J. R. R. Tolkien 




 What's the reference please? 




 Same, and I get the weirdest looks like I can help my froggy throat 




 Thirded! 




 Save face by saying thank you for your service  




 Either public health/epidemiology or a physician assistant program. I'm having a hard time deciding which career I'll enjoy best in the long run.  




 Sounds like you saved your son from what would have been a difficult childhood. This doesn't happen enough, glad it worked out for you. 




 Trying to decide which master's degree I want to pursue and watching Christmas flicks 




 Pinch and roll? 




 Your commitment to multi-tasking is impressive 




 It's like the Fedex version of bootleg Gucci 




 Congrats on the addition to your family! Was the process of adoption difficult? I'm unfamiliar with what happens between fostering and adoption. 




 Serious question, what's to be ashamed about? If she looks good, she looks good. 




 Did you try to rob Madea? 




 EEEEEEEEEH YOOOOOOOWWW! 




 I totally see your point, I think the reason it's often called "feminism" is because while men do have some issues in our society, women have more "catching up" to do in terms of social equality. For example how women weren't always allowed to vote etc. 

It's often named in terms of the group that needs uplifting. Like how gay people are trying to get the same marriage and non-discrimination rights as straight people, so "gay rights".  




 Hope this doesn't come off as weird but what kind of underwear are those? They look super comfy! 




 Happy Kwanzaa? 




 Do do do do do doo, do do do do doo 




 DOOM! 




 Pork butt and taters! 




 When I was a kid my dream was to grow and be on that show. I couldn't wait to steal someone's career. 




 Fell in love with a straight girl.  




 Anogenital warts? 




 ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED??? 




 As an anxious person, I rehearse all the way up to the second date. 




 I love lamp 




 [Relevant: Dave Chapelle's "Law and Order"](http://www.cc.com/video-clips/3vk26x/chappelle-s-show-tron-carter-s--law---order----uncensored) 




 I'm not sure "mischief" and "biscuits" rhymes 




 I'd love to see Bill Mays sell a product like this. TOO SHORT TO INTERACT WITH YOUR COWORKERS? CALL NOW!! 




 Argh yer a dime piece Harry 




 Just bought a vaporizer! You are not alone my fellow raptor! 




 And guac too! 




 He's a bit too late if you got that far. 




 The silence of disappointment 




 Am I being detained? ^I ^hope^so 




 I'm surprised he's not full of his large ego 









 She's gonna get passed around more than a blunt at Snoop's house. 




 I'd honestly be a little afraid for my safety 




 Where else will I put my sharpies? 




 Phallus fiesta! 




 You can't turn a ho into a housewife son. 




 Why are the cybrid buses the worst to drive? As a passenger, I like the seating in those the best. 

Do you like to drive the mini Cyride buses?  




 acception

3. acceptation - the act of accepting with approval; favorable reception; received meaning 




 So what were the geological events and data behind the parting of the red sea? 




 My friend is from Uganda and I asked her the same question. She said as child everyone seemed rich and well-off. She said it seemed like there was a lot of racial harmony despite everything that happened. Also, the whole pull yourself up by your bootstraps opportunity for everyone. Boy was she in for a rude awakening.  Not to say she dislikes America, but everything is not as warm and fuzzy as she thought it would be. 




 So are you saying physical appearance isn't a factor at all in your attraction and lust for someone?  




 Thou, I liketh, thou 




 How has it been introducing her to your family and friends, assuming you're at that point in your relationship? 




 Smize 




 Sounds like Iowa 




 I know you probably didn't mean it this way, but for most people it's not a "life choice" 




 We better go occupy it  




 Where are we gonna go though? 




 Ella... 




 Any idea what will happen when Andromeda and the Milky Way collide? [serious question] 




 Big ass pinky 




 Aw hamburgers  




 Poor little feller' 




 Whoever captioned the pics needs to replace Billy Mays or my local weatherman. Would read hysterically again! 




 If you'd ever had a pap smear you'd know 




 I'm in a Latina-founded sorority also, can I ask what org you're in? 




 These hypotheses are really interesting. I'm the youngest of five and also left-handed. No else in my family identifies as LGBT, that I know of anyway. 




 0 to 100 




 All the corners? Must be a hooker 




 Bye, Felicia! 




 I wonder how everyday tasks like eating or kissing would be affected by this condition? 




 De-chinned by the minge 




 Yup, can't make a sandwich or give head without a chin 




 Aw that would hurt my feelings a little. Then I would be like, fuck you guys, me and my new jaw are getting all the bitches. 




 Not quite two, but older than one  




 This might revolutionize the porn cleanup industry! What will they think up next?  




 I understood this reference.  




 Don't this shit make a nigga wanna!  




 Jaasooon Derulo!!  




 Down in your mom's pantiessss!  




 But gives less burn than your Mom 




 Yes, that was my go-to lifting song a couple years ago! 




 [Top comment from another thread?](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/2h9aer/seriously_dont_ask_me_what_its_like_to_write_hit/) 




 At this age I feel like it'd be a bunch of dust poofting out 




 As a lesbian, sounds like a good way to go. 




 Can confirm your mom loves my Dad. 




 My parents got me from Ikea 




 For the past two months I've had issues with my internet connection working for an hour and then being unresponsive for an half hour or more. My amateur troubleshooting skills have found the following:

[Error message](http://imgur.com/hqSDZnD)
 
[CDM Reults 1](http://imgur.com/gbwxVgk)
 
[CDM Results 2](http://imgur.com/DMrO4Wx)

I have no idea what any of those results really mean. Any insight as to the problem or a solution would be great. Thanks from a frustrated college student. 




 I'm just gonna mail all my gross candy pieces to you ok OP? 




 We finally get some press for something besides the caucus! 




