 If it helps, don't label it as "depression". Tell them what you're experiencing. Tell them you're sad more often than not, if that's how you feel. Tell them whatever depressive symptoms you may be experiencing, and tell them one simple thing - "I want help." Believe me, it scary admitting that to people you love. I told my parents at 16 about how I 'felt like ending it all', and that if I didn't get help soon, I was afraid I might actually try. When I confessed this to them, they opened up and showed me the love and support I needed, and got me to a doctor to help me begin understanding what I was going through. It's scary, yes, but you can do it. 




 My expected check out age was 21 - I'm 31 now. And honestly, for me, it's been a bit of a mixed bag. From 18 right up to 21, I was falling pretty deep into a drug addiction - which was going to be my intended way out. Whether it was the cocaine, the pills and alcohol, or hell, any other drug I was popping into my system at the time, I really didn't care how I went, I just wanted to go. What saved me was, as far as I'm concerned, was luck - at least in the beginning. I met the woman who would later become my wife. So happy ending, right? This is where it becomes that mixed bag I mentioned. Yes, I can say that I'm happy with my wife and how she supports me through my darkest moments. But having a check out date meant I didn't plan to have a future, which meant I never planned for my future. I didn't further my education (how I passed high school is still a mystery to me), I didn't seek a decent career, and now I'm stuck at a crap job making minimum wage. So... yeah, I'm happy with aspects of my life, but there other aspects that I wish I could've actually planned for and implemented. 




 I can relate. Now, I can't completely speak for how it is for you, but for me, it's because I'm aware of my depression, and out of my small group of friends, I'm really the only one who suffers from a clear case of depression - I was diagnosed clinically depressed when I was 16. My friends have all experienced depression at points in their lives, but to be depressed virtually -all- the time can be hell. Because here I am, sitting with them, laughing with them, joking with them... and all I can think is that they're genuinely happy, and I'm not. It makes me feel like I'm forcing it, faking it so that I can fit in, which begins that downward spiral into a darker mindset. If anything, I found that opening up to my friends about my depression, talking to them about it so that they understand that, 'Hey, [Echo] may be quieter than he usually is, but now that we know the reason, we understand and respect it.' My friends know that, sometimes when I go out with them, I may be in a bit of a slump, but because I can trust them to not judge me, I feel safe going places with them.

I don't know if this helps, but I hope it does. 




 That's one the ugliest things that depression can do to you - cause you to question everyone around you. But it's not you, it's the depression. It has a way of tricking your mind into thinking that no one cares, when in actuality, they may just be away, not have their phone on them, or possibly dealing with a situation of their own. But then again, there are the people out there who don't want to be around people who suffer from depression because they may be dealing with it on their own, they may not understand it, or - at the very worst, they may not really care. Start paying attention to the ones who DO respond, no matter how long it may take, and then mark the ones who NEVER respond - cull the herd as necessary. If they're NEVER there for you, they may not be the type of person you need in your life. They're potentially toxic, and what you need to do now is clear your mind and take care of yourself, with the help of those who care about you. And, sometimes it helps to -not- fight the urge to cry. Sometimes just getting it out helps. It helps me from time to time immensely. 




 Crying yourself to sleep is the equivalent of a sneeze being a symptom to a cold. You're sad, but you don't know why. Sometimes, that's unfortunately how depression works. I've more days than I'd like to count where I was doing fine, and then - out of nowhere, I just didn't want to be doing what I was doing, and would rather be at home curled up with a book and ignoring the world. Do a bit of soul-searching, explore for any causes that may be the underlying reason for your current sadness. If you have a friend you can trust and talk to, use them as a soundboard, maybe they'll be able to see something you don't because you're dealing with it all the time without even realizing it. That would be my suggestion, and I hope it helps, even if a little bit. 




 Agreed - and not just family, don't be afraid to ask your friends. Maybe one of them can help you out while you continue putting your life together. Sounds to me like you're doing quite a good job of it, you're just hitting a speed-bump in life. But remember, the climb to the top is difficult, but the view is worth it.

And if you truly are afraid of ending up homeless, do some research now - find shelters in your area and foodbanks. In fact - if your area of the world is anything like mine, foodbanks are amazing for the sheer fact you don't have to be homeless in order to step in line - I did a short bit of volunteer work at a foodbank in my town, and a lot of people were coming through for a free lunch simply because it helped free up funds.

But whatever you do, please don't give up. 




 Hopefully you find one someday. Don't give up hope just because you haven't found one yet. 




 Thank you for that. And I know it's hard to watch your mother cry - when my uncle and grandfather (her father) died, she was in tears almost constantly, which had me in tears constantly. So instead of talking, she just held me in her arms and we cried together. During this time of grief for your family, don't be afraid to show them that you're feeling it too. 




 I understand - my current job has destroyed my own ambition to work. I'd much rather just do as you're doing, curl up with something to watch or read, and just mentally slip away from the world. So this is another thing I've (trying) to get myself to do more and more - making paracord bracelets. As cheesy as that may sound, it gives me something to do, and when I'm finished, I feel a bit of accomplishment, because hey! I just made something.

I'm not saying go out and buy a bunch of paracord, but spend some of that time in your head exploring the idea of crafting something - draw, write, if you have an instrument you haven't picked up in forever, pick it up now and just fiddle with it. Do it for a bit a day, and maybe a bit longer a few days later. But what you need to do is get yourself out of this rut. And if it doesn't capture your interest, then set it down, and explore the idea of something else. Experiment. Find something that engages you, and start from there. 




