 This one and /r/cringepics are in the same vein for me. They make me feel better about any and all bad decisions made during my life. 




 I work at a health food store that offers a prepared food section. We have a lot of ridiculous complaints, but the worst I've heard most recently was a lady who was gluten-free by choice, not by medical necessity, who was mad that we offered ANYTHING with gluten in it. She thought that we were not upholding our standards as a so-called health food store by offering items with gluten, and that we were helping people kill themselves by selling gluten products. 

Now, I'm gluten free by medical necessity and I understand that it is very frustrating to find good gluten free food, but seriously, she was acting like she's the only person in the world. While instances of celiac disease and gluten sensitivity are rising, most people can eat it without any harmful effects. If our whole store went gluten free, we would lose like 90% of our business. 

I consider myself a nice person, but sometimes when I'm ringing difficult customers up I think some of the most horrible thoughts imaginable about them. Working in customer service causes me to scare myself. 




 I like that you phrase it like, "I *did* 6 years at OG," as if you were describing doing 6 years in prison. 




 most prettiest girl their is

BLEECCHCHH 

TALK LIKE AN ADULT HUMAN. Why would anyone ever think that that is charming?! 




 While that sounds awesome in theory, I feel like a lot of people would end up puking and/or copulating on the equipment. Haha 




 First of all, don't tell me what to think about my experience. For your information, he *did* continue to make sexual remarks to me and about me the whole time I worked there and even when I went back as a customer when I got a better job. 

Secondly, the question itself was EXTREMELY inappropriate at the time he said it, regardless of whether he continued to make sexual comments thereafter. Common sense should tell anyone that that is not an okay thing to ask someone in a work environment. It's not like we were great friends anyway--he was just a coworker with whom I was friendly *at* work, not outside of it. If he asked me that in an office setting, he would have been reported immediately and there probably would have been some sort of punitive action taken against him. Unfortunately, however, behavior like that is all too common in restaurants (as evidenced by the study posted above), so nobody blinked an eye when he made remarks toward me.

If you missed it, I linked the American government's definition of sexual harassment in the workplace, and my story clearly fits the description of sexual harassment. He cornered me in a room, alone, made an unwanted sexual advance, and asked me if I would have sex with him. I'm not sure how that could be considered anything BUT sexual harassment. 




 It was an unwanted sexual advance in the workplace so...yes, yes it was

Here's a [source](http://www.eeoc.gov/laws/types/sexual_harassment.cfm) for you 




 This list is amazing! Kudos to your friend!

Definitely try to go to all the places in the Fairmount/Logan Square area!!! Fairmount is basically my favorite part of Philly. (Although the Rodin, Natural History Museum, and Barnes Foundation aren't as awesome as the PMA itself).

Old City is lots of fun to just explore, but I usually prefer going when it's warm out. Elfreth's Alley and National Mechanics are a must! And the historical sites are cool to pass through as well.

Also, it's not in Center City itself but try to go to Chestnut Hill. It's super historical (they even have cobblestone streets still!), there are lots of beautiful houses around there, and there's tons of fun little shops. Plus, it's right near the Morris Arboretum, which is objectively the coolest place ever, even if plants aren't really your thing.

Enjoy your time in Philly! :) 




 When I worked as the takeout girl at a restaurant, I had one of the kitchen workers (whom I knew was casually hooking up with one of the waitresses) come up and ask me straight up, "Would you lay me?"

When I was appalled and said no, he asked me if it was because I was white and he was black. I couldn't believe it--there were lots of reasons why I wouldn't "lay" him (I didn't know him that well, I only thought of him as a friend, we were coworkers and that would result in a lot of awkwardness, every time I walked into the kitchen I saw him making out with another coworker, and many more), but the fact that THAT was why he assumed I didn't want to sleep with him really blew my mind. I kind of avoided being alone with him after that... 




 Former 2 year old girl here, I can confirm that scented chapstick is delicious 




 This is pretty much unrelated but I first read "any man knows that his penis has the memory of ten thousand elephants" as "any man knows that his penis has the memory of ten thousand *eggplants*" so that's kind of a funny thing 




 it is one of those cases where it is a hitler fighting a stalin, hitler is pretty objectively ideologically wrong, but stalin uses a perverted ideology that is good in theory, and while stalin may be the better of the two, you know, it is still fucking stalin.

You just perfectly described it. I'm definitely, proudly a feminist and was raised to be such, but a some feminists here and on Tumblr take it TOO far and are simply mean and unforgiving to people who don't understand all the new terminology feminist and queer scholars have coined to describe certain groups of people, acts, etc. The way I see it, you need to show patience with people and try to reasonably discuss these issues. If you're respectful, you're a lot more likely to get the person you're talking to to see things your way (or at least to be respectful of your opinions). But some people believe that people who don't fully understand feminist beliefs don't deserve respect at all (which is absurd because it completely undermines the whole basis of feminism--that all people are equal and deserve to be treated thusly). When people ask them questions they'll answer with things like, "I don't have to educate you, go figure it out yourself." 

I understand that maybe they wouldn't have the time to write out a full explanatory response, but at the very least I think that, if they posted something that leaves a lot of questions to be answered, they could simply link to a few resources to help the person asking questions to understand. The hostility I see from people (and which I have even experienced when asking other feminists questions about their beliefs and about terms I haven't yet encountered) turns a lot of people off from a movement which overall, I so fully believe could be beneficial to everyone. Makes me sad, man :( 




 It's not even that your post is poorly worded, it's just that not a lot of people know what "doxing" or "copypasta" or a lot of the other strictly Internet-culture terms you used mean. No need to be hard on yourself or anything! :) 




 Exactly, the girl on the phone was obviously really scared when they finally pulled over to meet with the police officer, but she held it together so well while they were still driving. Kudos to her for sure. 




 I actually came here to recommend those two songs as well! Personally I prefer 10,000 Emerald Pools, just because it's a lot more relaxing. Love the harmonies. 




 I start a lot of my sentences with "so," and my mom hates it. Most of the time I don't even realize I'm doing it, but I definitely understand why it's distracting. 




 I just found out the other day that the athletes in my school don't have to pay for their textbooks if they've been recruited. Granted, there are tons of really great athletes at my school, and probably many of them are great students as well, but let's take our football team, for example. They suck. They are terrible. Yet they have amazing scholarships, they get new workout clothes from Underarmor every WEEK, they get free housing, free textbooks, free meal plans, and they get special treatment all the time. I feel like I work hard and contribute a lot to my student body in different ways, yet I still have to struggle to pay my way through college. And there are lots of people who have to drop out or take out hundreds of thousands out in loans to get through college. That makes me really, really mad. 




 ~capitalism~ 




 Beautiful design, but yeah, I totally agree that they would be great banners. This design would be wasted on currency. 




 If you have any friends who are into dystopian novels and/or women's rights, I'd definitely say *The Handmaid's Tale* by Margaret Atwood. It's my all-time favorite book, and it's a classic. 

(It's also my personal belief that we should have all kids reading it in school because it directly ties to some of the reproductive rights themes we see in politics today, but that's just me) 




 I used to use the face washes and toners you get at a normal convenience store, but that was drying out my skin too much and wasn't really helping. Then, I tried oil cleansing, which worked alright but not well enough for me to warrant going through that process every day (it would take around half an hour including cleanup--it was really messy--to do altogether).

Then I read about these microfiber washcloths from Norwex that wash off makeup, dead skin, dirt, etc., with just warm water, so I started using those in the morning. After I'm done scrubbing away all the dirt and dead skin, I just put a thin layer of Aveeno lotion on my face and neck. I use "Simple" brand wipes at night just to get any makeup or dirt off before bed. And occasionally, I give myself a facial if I notice a lot of blackheads or if I'm having a breakout. 

Most of the time it works! Around the time of my period I get a couple small pimples, but other than that, this plan has kept my skin looking pretty great! It's cheaper and less wasteful than everything I've done in the past, plus I'm putting fewer chemicals on my skin. My face does feel a little oily on occasion, but it's nothing that's too bad. 




 Ugh, I'm with you. So sad I won't be able to go. Good luck! 




 A lawyer? 




 I hope this isn't real. They're threatening the newspaper, which is definitely not okay, especially considering the police's heightened political status. 

Our First Amendment rights are put in place for many reasons, one of the most prominent being so that newspapers can print opinions (like those shown in that political cartoon) without retaliation. By threatening to sabotage that newspaper through intimidating people into not supporting them, the officer who wrote that letter is directly threatening the cartoonist and editor's First Amendment rights.

Edit: Also, did he seriously just refer to that cartoon as a "slur"?? Does he not know the definition of a slur? 




