 Dammit....this is the exact same day Lykke Li is in Kansas City, which I already bought tickets for and started making plans for the trip. 




 Dammit....this is the same day as Lykke Li in Kansas City. . .and I already bought that ticket. 




 Libraries arent everywhere, sadly. 




 It's not on the 65% list. Also the only New 52 it seems is Hawk and Dove vol 1. 




 I wonder how functional it is. 




 The Presence, but I feel that is cheating a bit here. 




 If I say yes, will they make a Hawkman movie(s)? 




 Is Brightest Day worth it? There are some newer trades that I want, but might hold off on to take advantage of the sale. 









 The illuminati dick. You forgot about that. 




 Ah man. Thank you very much. If it wasnt between paydays I'd give you gold. 




 [Here](http://i.imgur.com/T2qAIC3.png) we go. 




 No...at a low resolution she kinda has that face. 




 Any particular reason you don't like horror themed books? How about the other books in the Dark section of New 52? 




 Face 




 Maybe because she kinda sorta looks like Natalie Portman. 




 Think you can make one for mobile. The second one almost fits, but the text gets cut off slightly. 




 They are premiering some new songs at A3C on 6/21. 




 When did Gravy get the gauges? 









 Lorde is love, Lorde is Life? 




 Leave the autist alone. Dates are hard to read. 




 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 




 Im wondering the same shit. 




 So do we ever figure out what JFK's mutation is? 




 This is proof 4chan browses /r/incest . . .pretty much word for word from [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/incest/comments/27kwaz/bs_true_experience_with_my_sister/)post 




 I'm just questioning your definition of recent. Those have been on reddit for a minute. 




 recent 




 I never liked any of the reddit apps. 

.compact all the way. 




 Just give a little jiggle and giggle? 




 But it is still at the discretion of the venue. Looking at you Outback -.- 




 Put it in his face get that shit understood!

I was thinking something by TumTum, but this one reigns supreme. 




 As long as it isnt the purple one. That one isiffy at best for smell. 




 Or just fat. 




 ಠ_ಠ 




 Worst case scenario: Lose 55lbs and in 9 months have 3 babies

FTFY 




 Well years is indeed minute. . . 




 The itchy arms makes me think this is legit. I miss salvia. 




 Dafuq kind of title is this. 




 Well I had been on celexa for a minute, so just another salvia trip as far as I could tell. 




 How about for some extra inches :3 




 I dont know if is safe, but I was on celexa when I did salvia a couple times. 




 I doubt any bus stories could top that. 




 OP cropped out the mfw 




 Batman Eternal, Futures End, JL3000, Swamp Thing Vol. 4, Aquaman and the others.

Others: Cyclops, and might try out nailbiter 




 I actually like Brownsville :( 




 No. If you sage a post, it won't get bumped back to the top. Any post that isn't a sage post essentially bumps the OP's post. 




 Glad I came to the comments. The $20 credit almost won me, but alas I have no Kindle. 




 I was kinda hoping DW 1/2 or 3 would be the first titles from the series, but this is a pleasent surprise. I wonder how hard it would be for them to port #7. . . 




 Makes me want to dust off my PS2 to play this. 




 Being a Catholic President?  




 You should watch Mr. Nobody. It is on netflix. 




 Cesar's Tacos is a delicious local chain. Can't really think of much else even though I've been here since I was born. 




 Here is to hoping for The Question getting his own. 




 I never heard of these plans to make a live action Paprika. Now I am sad it probably is not going to happen. 




 Frankenstein! This had a good run and is collected in two trades. 




 I hear good things about Lucifer. I'm going to check those out after I finish Sandman. Same with the Death Trades. 




 Shoulder Rubs. I just can't stand them at all. 




 I don't like HEB for the fact they are so far away from where I live. 




 My thoughts exactly. It would be way too loud in there. 




 She turned the alarm on and then left? I know for my system that turns on the motion sensor and would be tripped if someone walked through the house. . . 




 By making it a rite of passage into adulthood if you so choose. 




 Vampire Academy 




 A couple weeks before the end of the year is not the time to be cracking down on petty things like uniform IMO.  




 For New 52 I like the Batman Eternal weekly. The story is great and I cant wait to see how the Commissioner comes out of this. 

I've been pulling most of The Dark comics ( Justice League Dark, Phantom Stranger, Pandora) but havent quite read them yet since I am missing a couple issues here and there. The trades for them all are great. For Swamp Thing and Animal Man I just wait for their trades and have yet to be disappointed. 

Justice League United seemed to start out strong so I'll keep checking it out.
I do recommend Sword of Sorcery: Ameythst trade if you can find it. Since it was a short run it is all collected together.

Secret Origins is a nice take on the origins on well known heroes. 

Not exactly New 52, but still Vertigo, I do enjoy Sandman: Overture. However it is only two issues in and it is months in-between releases. 




 Picked up Sandman: Overture 1 and 2 the other day and absolutely loved it. So I decided to start reading The Sandman. Finished the first two volumes and I was wondering when a good time to read the Death trades would be? 




 Buy me the hoodie and you got yourself a deal. 




 Ceasar's Tacos is by far the best chain anywhere. 




 He has a Libertarian view on drug usage. But according to the end of [this](http://www.examiner.com/article/moby-talks-dating-natalie-portman-gay-bashing-and-drugs) interview he has been sober since 2008.

EDIT: Found [this](http://news.beatport.com/blog/2013/06/10/at-movement-moby-gives-us-the-lowdown-on-class-a-drugs-the-internets-diminishing-returns-and-playing-really-loud/) interview where he says "And I’m not “anti-drugs.” I’m not saying stay away from drugs. . .Have a great time, just try to have a degree of moderation and self-care applied to it." 




 Despite having the strategy guide as a kid, I could never get very far in DW2. 




 I feel he would be the one to help me acheive the ego death to finally go full vegan. It is sad tho after trying LSD when he was a teen it caused him to have a panic disorder. 

He's a remarkable and highly respectable guy. Even just his wiki page is a good read. 




 Either LSD with Moby or some MDMA with Lykke Li.

If neither are available maybe some weed with C.S. Lewis or St. Francis of Assisi.  




 No this is the internet. 




 Pull forward until stream starts so it you know where it is going to go. Then relax and let it do its thing. 




 So you are telling me you have zero food in your house and always eat out? 




 A newer one goes something like: "You'll never know, if you never do."

I can't help but think that this is subliminal advertising to get you to drink Mountain Dew. "Do the Dew" 




 Am I the only guy that uses his foreskin as a sort of guide when taking a piss? 




 In English class I fell asleep while the class was reading the book we were studying. I woke up in the middle of the teacher relaying the story about how her son committed suicide years before at our school. I just feigned sleep until we went back to reading. 




 Empire Ants by The Gorillaz 




 Tarantino originally said he scrapped the movie after the script leak. He only recently said he will make the movie after all. 




 Probably [this](http://imgur.com/hsFZeLM) picture of Lykke Li. She's a goddess. 




 In WoW if you say 'lol' in Orcish others see it as "kek". 




 Can you even catch hiv from mosquitos? 




 Apparently it was all from a relatively new, but bad batch/strain of synthetics that just went on sale. 




 It was meh. I fell asleep watching it. 




 The Secret Circle. The ending was still great tho. 




 Have a phone but cant afford a computer. 

+/u/dogetipbot 100 doge 




 It is a thing. But you totally probably have a sadness fetish.  




 But then she would still leave due to him popping a sympathy boner. 




 I found a copy of the limited box set for rather cheap and was wondering if it would be worth it. I saw a couple examples of it online and was rather intrigued. 




 Like the idea that his member is just not long enough? Oh ok...cool ideas, at least they got a tree planted before his ED kicked in 




 There is still magic. 




 Your gaydar is broke bro. What else do you expect from a /v/irgin 




 I just started Sandman Overture and i dont know what the fuck is going on, but I like it.

Only recently started with Marvel. Deadpool vs Carnage, All New Ultimates, Hulk, Nightcrawler, and All New Ghost Rider. Figured I'd start Marvel with some fresh #1's 




 I was thinking a Captain Morgan pose. 




 Do those subtitles actually exist? 




 Would love to see it over DFW 




 The quality of 0 is still null. 




 And they wonder why places like Fort Hood get shot up. 




 It's from the [Kim and Cookie Interlude](http://rapgenius.com/2814746) on Stankonia. Shoot I always thought it meant toe up. Like mind-blowing good sex or something. But I guess torn up still makes sense. 




 I had some ask me years ago how do I assign myself to an orientation if I never had sex with anybody. . .I was a little dumb-founded and didn't know how to retort.  




 Yea man that poodle was kinda hot

-Cpt. Jack Harkness 




 Unless maybe his individual room was locked? 




