 I've always wanted to go to India, mosquitoes and all.  




 Goddamnit. *thigh. 
 




 GOD YES 




 Thanks for posting this, I appreciate it deeply. I'm a psych major, and I've always wondered more profoundly about schizophrenia. There is only so much I can get from a book, and it's refreshing to see someone who is so open and willing to talk about it. I'm happy you're leading a productive,happy and somewhat 'normal' life, whatever that means(:
I'm curious, and if you don't mind, expanding on the voices? You mentioned three? 
Thanks!
(Sorry for any grammar/punctuation errors, I'm on my phone and my English bulldog refuses to go a second without rubbing her slobber on my screen.) 




 Here's something blunt, but a little less harsh. Whether or not you were drunk, there was a moment in time where you may have made it seem like this was ok to attempt. (The kissing).Your best friend understands you better than your spouse...that's something to think about. Your spouse was battling depression? Welcome. Abuse, emotional or physical, is not ok. Be honest, don't get defensive or be surprised when you SO doesn't want you around your bestie. I dunno, it's 3am and I'm not making sense. You've got some thinking to do. What do YOU want? 




 Who cares, look at his fucking ear! 




 Finallllllly 




 Classic stepdad. 




 Burn it.  




 This is insane! Please update with any results. It really does look like some serious shit. 




 'Small' 




 I used to do this a lot, long story short it got worse before I got sober. It is most likely stress or anxiety related. It's about finding the right outlet,
And your arms and face and sometimes other peoples bodies are the outlets right now. You don't feel good when you do if,
But you do it anyway. I get it! There are other ways, I'm not going to say go read a book or go for a walk,
I mean like write, cry and TALK to someone about whatever is hurting you and causing you to hurt yourself! Don't be discouraged, we all
Have our shit.  




 What do you mean? Is that a question that makes any sense on this subreddit?! 




 So...no one knows why they happen? 




 Thanks. As far as the region, I'm right by the Santa Ana fault line. We've had a few ones the past week.
I think just trying to understand it more makes me less anxious about it. 




 I've never had one of these! What does it feel like?? And why do they happen?? 




 Sorry for the wording, I'm not 5, Ha. I just didn't really know how to ask this question? 




