 Interesting.. would have been nice to have been notified why. 

People complain about moms all the time on here, I guess showing sympathy for a dead child, even while pointing out parental stupidity, is a no no? I don't have or want kids, maybe I should have made that clear before I dared show sympathy for a child. 









 Well, it isn't just parents. There's this girl:

https://www.facebook.com/supportingjase/posts/1583148091903256

... using this Facebook page to pimp her own story. "I'll tell you the short version" and then hijacks the page with her own medical issues. Oh dear god. 

I need to stop looking at Facebook. 




 My guess is it's drug-related. Your run of the mill burglars don't break into houses when people are home. They just want your stuff, they don't want to be seen or deal with anybody. I am assuming the people were home based on the terminology being used - "home invasion" and "robbery" vs burglary.
 




 Yeah, I saw that. 

It always amazes me how completely stupid people can be during a tragedy.  




 I think if you are going to have a child, you need to be prepared to deal with anything that might be wrong with the child. One of the many reasons I don't want kids myself... they are enough of a responsibility, god forbid they have something wrong that requires tons of money in medical bills and there is no chance of them ever living on their own.

That said, you have to keep in mind it is a cultural thing in some places. Hell, it wasn't until relatively recently in the United States that kids with disabilities weren't immediately shipped off to an institution for the rest of their lives. Not saying that is right, it's just how it is over there.

The one thing that kind of annoys me about this whole thing blowing up - if it were the father walking away from the mother and child, this wouldn't be news.  




 Not for nothing but... home invasions like that very rarely happen to your every day, law-abiding citizens. Even more rare, for it to happen TWICE, in three months, to your every day, law abiding citizens. I worked in law enforcement for a long time. Not saying it doesn't happen, but... just saying. 









 Well good... Someone else said it. 

It's good the OP is at least recognizing these feelings are a bit exaggerated. When I was reading the post I was thinking "Jesus, this is why CF people get a bad rap for being selfish."

Do you have abandonment issues in other aspects of your life or just this one? Something to think about. 

I think a lot of people on this sub get so wrapped around the axle about people not accepting their choice to be CF... Yet they don't accept other people's choice to have a family if that's what they want.  




 Yep. Long term care insurance is cheaper than having kids, and better peace of mind.  




 God, I'm sorry. I was actually thinking about that when I looked up the program earlier. I would love to volunteer but the things that I am interested in doing are things that would break my heart, too. I went to ONE volunteer meeting at the SPCA years ago and could tell immediately that I would be coming home a mess every day. I thought about volunteering in a nursing home around the corner from my house, but same thing. Just a depressing environment and so much potential for loss just around the corner.  




 Elderfriends - never heard of it but it sounds like something I might be interested in! 




 Check out r/relationships and you will see people with the same concerns and doubts, on a variety of different topics. It's not just a childfree thing.  




 Who knows if these issues stem from bad/lazy parenting or if the kid is just a bad seed? I can't imagine feeling afraid of something I brought into this world and can't get away from because I'm responsible and obligated to take care of them. Yikes.

My ex's son showed a lot of behavioral problems that no one else seemed that concerned about. At age 2 they were excused away, by age 7 the kid was being suspended for hitting and biting at school. The parents always blamed ADHD/poor impulse control. Perhaps I am just a "worst case scenario" person, but my biggest fear in that situation was it getting worse and worse and being a stepparent to some out of control kid.  









 Coworker - male, older - told me that despite what I have been telling him for years about not wanting kids, he doesn't believe me. Because... drumroll... "It's in your DNA."

I don't really get too upset about ignorant comments about not having kids because they are, well, ignorant. Sexist comments are a whole other thing. This dude also tells me I should marry a rich guy so I can quit my well-paying job and focus on my  hobbies. Mmhmm. 

 




 This is like studying logic and reason to argue with born-again Christians. Or learning to speak Arabic to argue with someone who only speaks Spanish. 

Don't waste your time even getting into conversations where you have to defend yourself. Logic and reason aren't really involved in some things, including falling in love and having children.  




 Same here. Pretty sure mine had borderline personality disorder or something along those lines. I was not a happy child. I love my grandmother and we are very close but it's clear to me that she wasn't the best mother to my mom either. If that is in me at all, no thank you. I will spare my poor unborn child that misery. 

My sister seems to be doing fine with her kids so I don't know. 

When I was dating a single dad I was watching his son as a favor one day. It was a hard day which culminated in the kid smarting off to me during bath time that evening. I lost it. I just lost it. Not like hitting or violence but I was screaming and out of control just like my mother. It scared the hell out of me. 

My ex reassured me that all parents flip out like that now and again. I don't care. It made me extremely uncomfortable. No way. 

 




 Yes, definitely. My mother acted like my sister and I were a complete burden most of the time. I'm sure I internalized that and of course it would affect how I look at kids. 

I ended up dating a single dad and both he and his ex-wife acted the same way about their kid. It was very clear that kid was an obligation and a huge burden. So that didn't help my perception either.  




 Someone commented "oh no is she sick?" Mom said "No she was tired and she doesn't like being in a shopping cart that long." Awesome 









 Ha, yeah. "Mine isn't, and neither am I." 

I'd like to wrap a rope around some of these people's necks so they can't get away and then run up to them and be all up in their face and see how THEY react. 




 We do, but it would be nice to enjoy the park.

Honestly I should just take her anyway - if something were to happen with an off-leash dog, I've been assured by Animal Control that I wouldn't be held responsible. I just get so stressed out with off-leash dogs that it isn't worth it. 




 My dog is very defensive on a leash since she was attacked by two dogs last year (requiring surgery, it was a big deal). I live close to Bryan Park and I can't take her there on a leash because of all the idiots who let their dogs run loose. I don't know how she will react to a dog now and I don't want to find out. I don't get why this doesn't occur to people who let their dogs run around and run up to other strange dogs.

It's unfortunate, because my dog has issues due to no fault of ours, but I'll look like the a**hole for taking her out in public, even on a leash, if something happens. 




 I went through this last year. You have to think about interest rates too, if they are going to be higher by the time you have that 20%. 

I put 5% down on my house and I have PMI. You can always buy something now and then aggressively pay down the principal to get rid of the PMI. With my loan, I can request it be removed when I reach 78% loan to equity value. 




 Jesus! Yeah, figured someone died there (obviously) but I figured it was just some gang thuggery. That is truly awful.  




 You'll be fine! I completely get it. I was super uncomfortable around kids when my first niece was born. It goes away. The worst thing for me was just getting over the feeling that everyone else was watching me like a hawk because my whole family knew I wasn't a kid person. 

I love my nieces but they are like any other kids... They are a bit much after awhile. Luckily you can enjoy the fun parts of kids being around, with zero responsibility. And when they get loud or annoying you can take a break. 

It's better as they get older and become more like, well, people. 

 




 In the parking lot behind Hardee's (on Broad across from Willow Lawn) there is some type of memorial with a wreath and flowers. I've seen it there for months, not sure how long it has been there total. Anyone know what it's for? There's no name or writing at all that I've seen.  




 Try the Lost and Found Dogs - Virginia group on FB.  




