 I'm an introvert. People usually meet me in social settings so they think I'm a huge extravert. I can turn on my extraversion when need be, but I'm a huge introvert. I could stay by myself for hours.  




 Managing Emotions 




 Managing Emotions 




 If people ever had the chance to spend two hours wondering whether or not they can leave the house without setting it on fire, I guarantee they would never say things like this again.  




 Two of my really close friends are gay and I view them no differently. We talk about everything. Women, sex, man stuff, you name it. Sexual orientation is irrelevant to friendships.  




  I understand where you are coming from. Although my OCD does distract me at work, I have always been able to complete my work; therefore, I would not want OCD to be a reason for someone to fire me.  




 Is this a question or a general statement? 




 I was applying for a job recently. As I was filling out the application, I noticed a section where they asked if I had any disabilities. OCD was counted as a disability. Have you ever had to count OCD as a disability?   




 There will be pain that even those who love you most cannot rescue you from; you are all you have.  




 When you love someone, you don't treat them bad. 

My long term ex girlfriend and I were young when we fell in love, however, our love was real. Eventually, she stopped treating me with respect. I was blind in love, therefore, I didn't see how bad things had become. She did, though. She broke up with me and told me this: "You try to see the best in everyone to the point where you can't recognize when something is bad for you or when someone is hurting you". Although it hurt at the time, she was right. When you love someone, you don't treat them bad; simple as that.  




 Yes and it's really annoying. I normally can wear slim fit pants except they are tight in the thigh 




 My best friend lived right across the street from me 




 I stayed because I started to defend her behavior. I would say things such as "she is just having a bad day", "she had a rough childhood", "yes, right now it sucks but I probably did something to make her mad", "I made her treat me this way". However, I realized that I would say things like those statements because she had been emotionally abusing me; she conditioned me into believing I was the problem.  




 I can definitely relate to this  




 When people talk in a whiny voice 




 Nike Elite socks are literally the best socks I have ever owned 




 Is your name Bruce Wayne?  




 I feel as if I'm the only person who I can trust at the end of the day  




 I tend to be attracted to women who are similar to my mother  




 I've met too many girls that play mind games and I'm tired of chasing after them.  




 On it right now. I started to notice the side effects about two months afterwards. It makes me really drowsy to the point where I have been oversleeping. I'm on 150 mg.  




 Have your ever thought about going to see the university counselor?  




 Coldplay, Lana Del Rey, Paramore 




 One of my favorite artists  




 That's actually a really good song 




 Yes, Christianity  




 22 




 See You Soon is so so so good.  




 *Parachutes: Sparks. This song used to be my favorite song ever. It's so beautiful 
*AROBTTH: Daylight
*X Y:  Message
*Viva la Vida: Yes
*Mylo: UFO
*Ghost Stories: All Your Friends

 




 Parachutes: Parachutes
AROBTTH: A Whisper
X Y: Twisted Logic
Viva: Cemeteries of London
Mylo: Princess of China
Ghost Stories: True Love

Also, Another's Arms is an amazing song; I have to disagree with many of you.  




 I do this every time I find myself in this situation 




 The last time I cried was six years ago. The only times I remember bawling occured when I was a child but I was shamed out of those.  




 First of all, commend yourself for at least fighting to stay in college. I'm in grad school right now and I have OCD   Depression; therefore, I understand where you are coming from. Have you thought about seeing the university counselor?  




 It does take a lot of courage to talk to your therapist about them. You are not alone in that; i still struggle with talking to them because of embarrassment and shame.  




 Mine started when I was 17 and it was definitely out of thin air. I definitely had struggled with anxiety as a child, but one day my anxiety transformed into full blown OCD 




 I actually wrote my OCD story and it is focused on scrupulosity. Feel free to PM me if you want to talk about it

[My OCD Story] (http://www.reddit.com/r/OCD/comments/2leh5b/my_ocd_story_a_journey_into_scrupulosity/)  




 Head and Shoulders, I don't go through bottles that quickly though; however, I do take good care of my hair.  




 I know exactly how you feel man. It's a shame how people are ridiculed for being single. I can be an independent, heterosexual man and still be happily single 




 Baby powder does wonders 




 I'm sorry to hear that. What is your religion?  




 I think it depends on the denomination  




 What do you mean, a majority view?  




 I have seen plenty without them 




 I have these two and they are definitely some favorites 




 I was at a party during college. I was standing face to face with a friend holding a conversation and a girl who I did not know reaches down my pants and starts making her way down my underwear. I did not know the girl and I had a girlfriend at the time, therefore, the attention was unwanted. I definitely found it offensive. When I turned around, I gave her a confused look. She and the rest of her friends proceeded to kick me out of the party. I think people can forget that women can sexually harass men. If it had been the other way around, I could have gone to jail.  




 Out of 23 years, I have not. There have been plenty of situations when I have been close to fighting.  




 I'm truly sorry  




 When I'm having a bad OCD day, my obsessions take over my thoughts; therefore, I can hardly pay attention to anything else. I know the feeling and it's rough  




 My life in a text post.  




 Why did you have to clean a public bathroom as a child? 




 Yikes 




 happens to me all of the time 




 Best friends hold each other's poops  




 so what do you do if you will be out for awhile, hold it all day?  




