 I went through all your old posts. You are clearly neither a lawyer, historian, nor an economist. 

You don't understand what fiat money is:

http://us.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/26tsah/eli5_how_does_fiat_currency_come_to_exist/chunujc

This was racist:

http://us.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/26tk4f/bully_gets_what_she_deserves_after_making_fun_of/chuo0le

And this is the topper on the cake:

http://us.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/206kl2/eli5_the_gay_agenda/cg15ofs

The real bitch is, you and I should be on the same side. We both respect the Constitution, we have a similar love for history -

http://us.reddit.com/r/MapPorn/comments/1zrcs4/the_battle_of_bunker_hill_1775_charlestown_ma/cfwhy3t

-we have a similar background in economics-

http://us.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/206nka/eli5_if_war_stimulates_a_countrys_economy_why/cg09p7o

- and we both want to limit the powers of the government:

http://us.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/206i86/eli5_what_does_the_nsa_really_gain_from_spying_on/cg08eju

If only I could redirect the misplaced paranoia found here:

http://us.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/1zprv6/college_grads_taking_lowwage_jobs_displace_less/cfwevm8

(re: the government is going to reinstate slavery, they're takin' our jerbbbs!)

into fighting a problem that actually exists like the crippling prison-industrial complex, the government overreach from the NSA and the Patriot Act, and an economically suicidal war-based foreign policy.

....Come to the dark side...... 




 The US Supreme Court upheld ACA as constitutional; therefore, by definition it is constitutional. 

Go back to civics class.  




 I'm down
 




 ^ This is little more than an argument for apathy. Wrongful conviction compensations are hardly above the poverty line per year. This guy missed out on nearly 2 decades, thats a marriage and a career. I hardly call that sorted for the rest of his life. And he's one of the lucky ones, the tiny minority who have the means to launch a private investigation from their cell and get an exoneration in the first place. The real problem is a systemic misunderstanding about justice: no system is perfect, but one plagued with racism and corruption needs work. We are presumed innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt, not guilty until exonerated two decades later so we can get "1,000 extra murderers" off the streets. 
Maybe an eye for an eye is a bit excessive, but jurors and judges might be more careful if they had to shoulder some of the cost of failure. 




 ITT terrible movies, and morons who don't understand good ones. 




 That movie is too good. Justin Long as doctor Lexus: "I don't wanna sound like a dick or nothing, but you're pretty fucked up." 




 4) Last thing, I swear, because this post has gone on super long and its time to wrap it up. Little victories. For several months of my life, the only reason I was alive was because I really, really wanted to see the last Batman film. There is nothing wrong with this. People like me and you don't have the normal drive to stay alive because we don't feel good normally like everybody else. We have to set up little rewards for ourselves that will get us through to our little goals. Having depression sucks, but life doesn't. I'm willing to bet that there are things that you will miss, whether its the next presidential election, your mom's birthday, whatever. When it gets hard, remember what you're fighting for.

And if what you're fighting for isn't worth it anymore, remember that this isn't forever. Whether you kill yourself or survive, the pain will stop somehow: the question is which one you will choose.

I believe that you will make it through this. I SWEAR TO GOD. I wouldn't have stayed up all night writing this stupid instruction manual for you if I didn't think you were worth the investment. What makes you worthy of the investment? You're a survivor. You have all the traits of a survivor. But more than that. You have the traits of a survivor who goes on to do great things.

Did you know that cancer patients who have survived depression have a better survival rate than cancer patients who have never tasted real hopelessness? Not only do you have the necessary qualities to survive depression, you have the qualities of a person who becomes a better person because of your experience with depression.

Do not envy the painless. Pity them. We are judged by the strength of our enemies. Unfortunately, we know the power of our common enemy. 

But that's what makes us who we are. 




 Perhaps I can help you.

I don't want to make any assumptions, but if I understand you correctly, you don't want to die; you want to get better. Death to you would be an unfortunate if possibly necessary escape from a crippling depression. 

I've been there mate. I really have. But clearly, your counselor has not.

When I was first diagnosed depressed, I had the world's dumbest counselor. It's natural to be disgusted by them. I'm disgusted for you. There is ONE most important trait in the person who will shepherd you through this disease until you have the tools and/or medication to handle it yourself: understanding. Trust your instincts. If he doesn't understand you, tell him to piss off and move on.

If I had to make a bet right now as to whether you'd make it, I'd put money that you do. Statistically, you have all the traits of someone who makes it: empathy, transparency, effective communication even just through text and to total strangers, and most of all the absolutely critical self-reflection that will push you forward on your road to recovery.

I can give you the tools, but I can't use them for you. 

1) Get help (and probably medicine). In my experience, the hotlines have been worse than useless, much like your counselor. Our country's system is great at emergencies, and terrible long-term. Please, call them when things get bad. They really can help when there is nothing left.
    For longer term help, consider getting a dog. A big furry one. I was once just like you. I too once said that I've regretted every decision I've ever made. I do not regret getting a dog. She saved my life every day for the most critical three years.
    Which human can you rely on emotionally? If you have none, get one. Pay for a therapist. A good one. One who understands you and has time to take care of your illness, just like you would pay for a surgeon if you had cancer.
    Confront the inherent denial. You and I both know that you're counselor isn't equipped for somebody like you. If you had cancer, you wouldn't give up just because your surgeon was being stupid, no matter how much daily pain you were in. 

     Remember, I'm not faulting you. Nobody should have to go through what you're going through. 

  Depression is an extremely personal enemy, the kind that knows your every weakness and how to exploit them. You're probably wondering what right I have to suggest that you go on living this hell indefinitely on a vague promise of a future cure. In fact, I'm willing to bet you've been feeling this way long enough that you can't even remember what cured feels like. And you would be absolutely correct. It would be sadistic of me to make you live an agonizing life alone, waiting to get better. So let me flip the premise: what if you had a goal? What if you only had to live long enough until you knew everything about your depression? Is that so unreasonable? If you had cancer, wouldn't you want to understand it enough to know it were incurable before you killed yourself? 
 Consider the difference of perspective between the two premises. One is about waiting; the other exploring. One is about suffering; the other about observing, understanding. One relies on pedantic platitudes to limit choice; the other leaves the suicide option on the table. And most importantly, one will kill you; the other will get you through this.

2) Train yourself to understand your pain. If you are going to live long enough to at least understand the way your mind works, you're going to need some effective, tested strategies to make it through the tough times, until you are absolutely confident that there is nothing left for you to do. And trust me, bud, there will be tough times. But I can teach you how to master your pain.
    Here is the exercise. Set a timer for one hour, with a soothing alarm, like chimes or bells, nothing too jarring. Go into a reasonably quiet room. Sit cross legged on the floor. Get up against a wall or something to support your back. Start the timer and close your eyes. DO NOT MOVE. This is extremely important. Don't scratch if you have an itch. Don't wiggle when your bottom hurts. Don't move your arms when they feel weird. Don't even move your tongue. The only motions allowed are those required to breathe. 
     Does this sound unreasonable? It is. Too bad. Depression is unreasonable. Is it going to hurt? Yes, a ton. By 50 minutes it's going to hurt like a motherfucker. Don't stop. You can't tell depression to stop hurting when it gets to be too much.
     But I can give you the secret to master the pain. The secret is in your mind. Think about what you're thinking about and then think about your breathing instead. If you start thinking about elephants, here's what you do: "Elephants are really great." - "I just had a thought." - "Breathe in. Breathe out." 
     Do not stop. Don't cheat. Your depression knows the difference. Your life literally depends on it. 
     What does this accomplish? First it trains your willpower. Beating depression means beating pain. It means doing the exact opposite of what every fiber of your body is demanding that you do. Secondly, it makes you more aware of what you're thinking about. You will need to know this when you're analyzing the cycles of thoughts that go through your head.
     What doesn't this accomplish? Consider a situation that happened to me a billion times. I'm sitting cross-legged when, instead of a thought about elephants, I get this thought: "You're not gonna make it." These thoughts, mantras, chants, whatever you want to call them, are extremely common in depressive thought cycles. You described your mind chanting "I want to die" repeatedly. I know exactly what that feels like. Do not fall into this very easy trap: "I want to die" - "I'm thinking about wanting to die again" - "Why am I thinking about wanting to die" - "Well I'm thinking that way because I have no hope." - "Why don't I have hope" and on and on and on ad infinitum. This is the correct way to handle this: "I want to die." - "I just thought about wanting to die." - "Breathe in. Breathe out."
     I'm not asking you to ignore or invalidate those feelings. I'm asking you to log them away for a later exercise. This exercise is not about deep thinking. It's about meta thinking, being in control about what you think about.
     Lastly, do not fall into the very easy trap of punishing yourself for thinking. Remember, its not "I want to die" - "I just thought about wanting to die" - "Damn I screwed up by thinking" - "Damn I did it again" - "Stop I'm losing focus on my breathing" - "Damn I did it again" and on and on. There is no failure for thinking: this is inevitable. There is only the willpower to resist the temptation to continue ignoring your breathing.

3) Develop personal strategies to combat the cycle of depression. Use what you learned from the last exercise to understand how your depression works. For example, I learned that I was truly physically tired. I would stay up late crying all night. Then I would be exhausted all day and have a terrible day. Then I'd feel bad about a terrible day and cry all night. And on and on and on. 
     Your depression has cycles that can be demystified, identified, evaluated, and fought against. But you can't beat an enemy you don't understand, so you absolutely must identify what you're fighting against. What are your triggers? Social situations? Your romantic life? Stress? Money? Anger? Regret? Are you creatively in a rut? Are you struggling to find a purpose? 
     Most likely its just this: you have regular people problems intensified by an order of magnitude by your disease. In my case, I was struggling with the aftermath of a sexual assault. A common problem made a billion times worse because depression knows how to twist it into a wound that hurts every time. So any time I was even remotely bullied, it would feel like I was being victimized all over again. Here's my advice: Identify your triggers and develop strategies to cope with them until you can medically fix your depression. 

   What strategies work? 
   Magic Potion
        Mix a drop of food coloring in some water. Label the container, magic anti-depression potion. Guzzle the potion as fast as you can. I know it sounds crazy, but I swear it makes me feel better.
   Throw your depression into the sea
        Get a rock. Channel all that negative depression juju into that rock. Throw the rock into the sea. I know the rock isn't the depression, but for some reason the physical act of flinging the badness away from you makes you feel physically further away from your disease.
    Fuzz Therapy
        Cuddle a dog, cat, little sister. Don't have one? Go on the internet and look up pictures of baby seals. Remember, people like you and me spend a lot of our lives being sad. So much so that we often feel like we have no power over how we feel. But its not true. Even if its just for a second, you can change the way you feel. (One quick caveat, perhaps something you have already noticed. Depressed people like you and me don't have the same reaction to baby seals that other people do. Mostly, it makes us cry really hard for reasons we don't quite understand. This is positive. Crying is not bad. Feeling bad is bad. Crying is great. It helps us vent out that pain. Don't be alarmed if its not immediately joyful to look at cute animals on the internet. But do remember that you are causing yourself to have a different emotional reaction.)
    Take a walk around the block. Throw yourself a celebration when you make it all the way around.

 




 I'm saying that innocent executions could hypothetically be a result of the ruling that innocence does not qualify one for habeas relief, not that Pinholster was innocent. 
Also, remember we're not talking about the appeal itself, but the right to even have the appeal heard, so by definition it relates to evidence that a jury and judge could not have heard. And remember that in the original case it was a question of ineffective assistance of counsel in the first place! 
Think deeper than just the opinion. What is it like for somebody who actually has been convicted of murder? You're correct that newly-discovered evidence could be filed for post conviction relief, but who files? In the case of Pinholster, it was a brain-damaged crazy guy with no right to counsel. How was he supposed to file for relief on his own during the statute of limitations?
Think about what this says. Yes, we see that you have evidence that could prove you innocent, but you were too crazy/legally illiterate to file it without a lawyer in time. Now that you have a lawyer, it's too late and you have to die.
So what does this ultimately mean? Does the constitutionally mandated right to relief against unlawful imprisonment cover innocence? The Supreme Court says no.
 




 I agree, but with one sneaky caveat. Let's not confuse depression, the sickness, with selfishness. 
You have a right to be depressed, because you have no choice. It's like saying you have a right to have cancer. How about: "I know I feel bad, but I decide who I am, not depression, and I'm going to make the world a better place today." 
It's easy to slip into a sort of denial. "I'll be happy if I just stop thinking about it." Pro-social work can be an AWESOME strategy for combating depression. But if it's keeping you from getting medication or solving a life problem, then its like an alcoholic who gives up drinking and replaces it with an obsessive dedication to religion. Is it more positive? Yes. Does it solve the real problem? No.

Good on you for keeping up the good fight. I wish you the absolute best of luck. 




 I know exactly the feeling. Crying is not bad. Feeling bad is bad. Crying is good: it helps us vent and to communicate that feeling with others. 

Consider communicating that feeling in other ways: art, music, journaling. It can be just as relieving.

And if you need help, send me a pm. I'll do what I can. Sometimes it helps just to be understood. 




 I'm not a doctor, but I absolutely do not believe that depressive traits are part of your personality. The banana analogy is a pretty silly attention grabber, but the principle behind it comes from interviews with the soldiers who have given their lives in the war with depression. For evidence, I submit myself. If depression were part of my personality, what happened to my depressive symptoms? If some personality traits make one more akin to developing depression, why blur the line between traits that might have a link to depression (re: critical self-image) and the positive traits of the depressive personality (re: resilience, humor, empathy)? Which traits are the depression and which traits are the personality? I believe both. Depressive personalities can have a simultaneous critical self-image and the empathic drive to understand, say, a schizophrenic personality with similar self-esteem problems. These are all parts of the "fruit." I'm not saying all parts of our personality are great. Many depressive personalities have high narcissistic tendencies. But it is important to know what will go away when you've found the specific strategies to combat your personal depression. 

Let me give an example: one of my symptoms was known as severe leaden depression. Leaden depression is when you feel like you have big clumps of lead on your feet and shoulders every time you walk. But for me, it was so severe, that oftentimes I would stay in bed for several days, only coming out after several days on the brink of starvation. Many of you probably have similar experiences. This is solidly not part of my personality, and I can prove it. I haven't been stuck in bed or my car or anywhere for over a year now. It went away with the depression. That makes it part of the "peel."

I see how this can be an often absurd tautology. How easy for me to say that its part of my depression, when I've already won the major battles with depression! But what about me, the reader, still in the thick of battle? How am I supposed to know what is part of me and what is part of the depression? But we don't get to choose that which is wise. Remember, on the road to the truth, the reality doesn't change; it is yourself that changes. I think the framework of the question is what most keeps you from the answer. Let me throw this out: perhaps personality AND depression are parts of you. 

Let's return to the cancer analogy. I'm 5'6", and that makes me a pretty short guy. That's my body. Cancer is also a part of your body,  but there is a clear distinction between cancer cells and healthy cells: one of them is going to ruin your life and kill you. One of those problems is going to go away when the treatment is over. One of those problems is part of who I am, and if it's really a problem then I'm going to have to come to terms with it, understand it, revise my definition of myself, and become the best self I can be.

So back to the original question, how do you differentiate personality traits from depression? You are you. Depression is not you. In fact, you are what is going to beat the depression. 




 Sopranos 




 Debt dies in the US. That means that although your estate has to pay the debts you accrue, debt does not get pushed off to your relatives. Of course, funerals/burials cost money which your estate (aka whoever would inherit whatever money is left over) can elect to pay. That is to say that the cost of death can range from cheap and cremated to Nick Cage buried in a pyramid. 




 Thank God, the new guy is here. This is your problem now.
 




