 Moves. It's tracks your movement in the background and tells you how many steps you've walked, run, cycled, and driven. Works both with internal accelerometer and GPS, so it works just as well walking around town as it does on the treadmill. It gives you a map of all the places you went and you can tag them (it recognizes businesses, and you can save your home, work, etc). It's nice to see at the end of the day what my normal activity was. I went to an amusement park a few weeks ago and found that I walked a total of 7 miles just walking around the park. It's also very helpful when you were drunk downtown the night before and don't remember which bar you left your tab open at.

**tl;dr Moves: a step counter on crack** 




 I use SwiftKey on my iPhone. Love it. I mainly like the dark keyboard. 




 Totally agree with all of this. I pay the $10 for Spotify Premium because it gives me access to 99.9% of the songs I would want to listen to, on my phone at all times. It allows me to not have to load my 30+ GB of music onto my phone too, so it's a major storage saver.

Also, the premade Spotify playlists are on point, and the radio is way better than Pandora IMO. 




 This is an American chocolate eclair pie. 









 I'm 25 and in a college town. What I see at the bars: babies. Babies everywhere. 




 Virginia 




 Music of life*

Silence, my brother. 




 I'm a developer but I need a second one. The issue where I am is that the companies can't even find developers to work for salary, so finding someone who will reliably work for free or even pay into a startup is next to impossible. My area is full of investors and coworking spaces and everything else a startup would need to succeed, but extremely lacking in people wanting to join startups.

I know what you mean though with business people looking for devs for their ideas though. I had someone hit me up once with his idea, which I though was good but not interesting to me personally, but he pretty much asked me to build the whole thing. 




 That would be a helluva lot easier if we didn't live hours apart. I try to get up there as often as I can. I do my best to talk to him and he seems to feel comfortable coming to me when he has an issue or when mother has done something, so that makes me feel better. 




 If I could take my brother in to live with me, it would make me a million times happier, but there is zero chance of that happening. I'd have a better chance of convincing my mom's husband that my brother is in a bad situation and that they need to get out. My step-dad is so easy-going though that he just deals with her shit without seeing how bad it is. 




 Thanks for the input! I've been trying to keep a good line of conversation open with my brother (we live far away from each other) and make him understand that he needs to do his best to not let the things our mother says and does get to him. 




 That's what I was afraid of. She reacts extremely defensively to any and all criticism. 




 Hi all. I'm new to this sub. Someone over in /r/sociopath said I should check it out. I am 100% convinced my mother has NPD; I won't go into the details this time. As a result, I've been diagnosed and stuck with ASPD.

My question is related to getting her the help she needs. I'm in my 20s and have been on my own for years now, so I can just ignore her, but I worry about my kid brother. He's 14 and he's already starting to show the traits for ASPD or other empathy-based personality disorders, and I'm convinced it's because of him growing up with our mother. I don't want to see that happen to him.

Has anyone been successful in getting help for their narcissistic parents? Unfortunately, she's been successful in turning most of the family against anything I have to say, and my diagnosis reinforced that within my family. I'm unsure of how to bring it up with any family members without them telling me I'm crazy or overreacting or something of the sorts. I just really want her to get better so she doesn't fuck up my brother for life. 




 Am I the only one who thought that was an elephant? 




 Precipice has always been one of my favorite words to say. 




 Sanguine, my brother. 




 August Rush 




 This is painful to read. 




 And this is why women live longer. 




 Hi. I've recently been involved with Startup Weekend and formed a team, but it fell apart after the event (as many are apt to do). Since then I've been attempting to find founders to make this a thing, with no luck. How did you find people who wanted to work for/with you and who were actually willing to put in a serious amount of commitment? 




 That convo goes like this:

"What are you up to?"

"Nothing"

"Oh cool, let's go do xyzthingIdon'twanttodo"

"No, you misunderstand. I'm doing nothing. Leave me be." 




 Netflix. 




 This makes me uncomfortable. 




 I just want to point out that this is not an issue only affecting big cities. I live in a small town with relatively decent people and it still happens. Not nearly as often as this video portrays, maybe once a week or so, but it's still an issue and it still makes walking around downtown uncomfortable sometimes. I can imagine this is happening in every town all over the country. Thanks OP for the post and raising awareness. 




 Does dogecoin mine off the graphics card like BTC? I have a spare Macbook but I assume I can't mine with that. I'm prepared to buy a computer solely for mining. What should I be considering before making this purchase? Thanks! 




 Oh shit. I'm still on 1.4. That might explain it. This is what I get for not keeping up with things. Sigh. Thanks! 




 My dogecoin wallet has been syncing for close to six months. I thought maybe it was slow internet, so I moved the computer to my office, which is gigabit, and it's still syncing. I've left it alone for three months and it's still going. Please help! 




 Why are fat people offended when we call them out on being fat? I don't get offended when someone tells me I'm short. Jeez. 




 tl;dr A guy gets out of jail and reunites his old band buddies. 




 Thank you so much for doing this! I was actually in Harry Potter World in Florida over the weekend, so coming home to an AMA by you is great!

So many questions for you already, I hope you get to mine.

Harry Potter was such an integral part of my growing up, and I'm among the many many 20-somethings that followed the series from the first three books and on. As a fan, when the credits rolled on the Deathly Hollows Part 2, the feeling of "it's all over" was overwhelming. How was it for you when the last movie was finished and the series came to an end? 




 I'm sorry but the fact that you said "prolly" instead of "probably" just made my year. 




 I try to be normal in a relationship. I think being open with the other person about my antisocial traits helps that happen. I slip up sometimes. 




 Empathy is when something happens to a person and you feel bad for them or feel what they are feeling. Things happen to other people, even people close to me, and I feel nothing. This doesn't mean I don't care about them. 




 Why would not find things funny? 




 I mainly only sleep with men (I'm female), but I wouldn't be opposed to being with a woman. 




 Therapy got me to be self-aware and the help stopped there. 




 Web design. 




 As I walk slowly back to the car I think: I hope it does.

My favorite line in the whole thing. 




 How old are you? 




 In my state you could lose your gun rights, but that's the only negative I know of. It's also very expensive. It's not like a prison where you don't have to pay for it. It gets billed to your medical insurance and you could end up with a very large bill. 




 In women, borderline and ASPD get confused for each other. 




 I've never cheated. I'm actually extremely loyal in relationships although I imagine I could hide an affair with little to no effort and be successful in it. 




 I don't say "bye" on the phone. I just hang up. In person I hate when my friends want to do the whole 'let's hug goodbye' thing and I'm all, 'I'm gonna see you again in less than 24 hours, why are you acting like I'm going away forever?' 









 This should be the norm. 




 This is my favorite riddle to ask people. Glad to see it on here! 




 It's OK. I'm also 25, with the misfortune of living in a college town. The young people trends are horrendous and make me feel super old. 




 Oh great. It's a yik yak of a joke that's probably from reddit originally. We've come full circle people. 




 Woah, did you just finish Journey? 




 I'm 5'2", so yes I could be a very tall hobbit. I'd be ok with that. 




 Not trolling, and way to only discount a portion of what I said. At the time this article was written, the CDC was still saying we weren't going to get it in the US at all. The operative phrase in your post is "so far". Just one confirmed case is still a start to them happening more and more here. Ebola has an average infection rate of 3 people per infected person, and with an incubation period of up to 21 days, the possibilities are at least mildly troubling.

In a fast-building story like the Ebola coverage is, an article published two weeks ago, let alone two months ago, like this one, is irrelevant.

Do your research. 




 I think self-diagnosis would take hours of research (actual, medical journal research) and an extremely objective look at yourself. 




 I dream every night, and very vividly. Sometimes I lucid dream. 




 What you're saying makes a lot of sense. It's more of a possession thing. When I have someone like that I'll try not to hurt them because I wouldn't want them to leave and not be mine anymore. 




 That's actually the reddit tagline. When the founders were tasked with creating reddit, they were literally told to create "The front page of the internet"

Source: Without Their Permission, but Alexis Ohanian

/u/kn0thing, correct me if I'm wrong. 




 This is always somewhere in my initial explanation of reddit to people who don't reddit. 




 It's what I do already. 




 Come on, let's go and play. 




 Not as pricey as some others on here, but once I put my then-bf's Corvette key fob through the washing machine. Ruined it. Cost $250 to replace. He didn't speak to me for a couple of days. 




 Sometimes I eat lunch right before someone invites me to lunch somewhere else. So I eat a second lunch. But I can't just go and sit there and eat a snack. I have to make it look like I was super hungry still, so I eat two full lunches and then want to kill myself and my food baby. 




 Wagon Wheel by Old Crow Medicine Show. Heard it at least 3 times a night when I was bartending. And I used to really love that song! 




 reddit never ceases to amaze me. 




 Anyone seeing this for the first time clearly is not on reddit enough. 









 reddithazskul 




 Article is dated. Numbers were much lower and we didn't have cases popping up in the US. 




 http://eelslap.com wtf 




 I'm a self-aware female ASPD person as well, so this is more of a comparison thing.

Being that you're aware of the issue and how it makes you act/feel in society and in personal relationships, are you trying to get better? You say you're seeing a psychologist; do you see a therapist for CBT or anything? I've found that I'm extremely frustrated not having the capacity to have normal human interactions and I'm wondering if you experience the same frustrations. 




 Can you help me to understand why you think this way? The dog gets fed and watered and walked and taken to the vet if he's ill. I don't harm him. I just don't pay attention to him other than his necessary needs. So why am I am awful person? 




 Well played, OP. Well played. 









 Dude, every time a guy finds out I'm a redditor, question #1: "haha, yeah, how much of that is on r/gonewild?" Um, none of it. Fuck. 




 [I made an album with all of her tweets about the incident.](http://imgur.com/a/MCR38)

*Start from the bottom 




 That last one. That's great! 




 I like the dumpster version of yours: What's worse than 10 babies in a dumpster? 1 baby in 10 dumpsters. 




 r/circlejerk 




