 That's such a good way of putting it. I've just been searching for so long to find someone who really cares, and wants to know me for who i am. 




 You're not alone, man. I wish you good luck, and I know that there are people who care about you. Don't forget about them. I guess it's comforting to me to know that it's not a personal flaw that makes me like this tonight, it's something that the world just happens to do to a person at the worst time. I hope we both get through it, and I want you to know i care about you, i don't care what flaws you have, I guarantee there are happy people who have worse. So don't blame yourself. 




 shitty repost, nice
 



















 It's definitely a karma whore, just look at the username of the second post 




 zip lock bag. Done. 




 eighth grade, I had this old woman in her 70's who taught philosophy. The class consisted of her lecturing for an hour and a half (she used to be a college prof.) and everyone playing games and sleeping. I usually tried to pay attention, but it was on and off.
   One day she decided to have a "philosophical" discussion, I forget what it was about. Anyway, I had an opinion that differed from the rest of the class and her (mainly because it was the only one she had taught them) so I took my side and tried to explain it. After some back and forth, she looks to the class and says "I know not all of you are as stupid as him; does anyone know the right way to think about this?" 
   And of course nobody raised their hand because they had no idea what we were talking about, but it still made me feel pretty bad. 




 Force quit it... oh wait... 




 ... This question wasn't made for me... 




 I AM NOT TELLING YOU YOU ARE WRONG. I am simply telling you that you should not tell me or anyone else that they are wrong. God is a very complicated answer, in fact its the only one that's stuck around for several thousand years. 




 Nah, just in general when you're comment specified at the beginning. If you said a purple god that rides horsies in manhattan had been disproved, I would say cool. But saying god in general/religion is wrong, thats not the same. 




 Okay. Well then I'm not going to tell you you're wrong. But you said it would appear. If there are conditions such as "this only shows its existence if it makes sure it can't be proven to exist" (which is okay,) then WHO THE FUCK AM I TO TELL YOU YOU'RE WRONG? 




 I can walk up to you on tuesday, put my face in your ass for the entire day and see if I tasted the rainbow. If not, you'd be wrong. Prove god's not in my heart (soul, spirit, all that good stuff n stuff)
And why is the burden of proof on me? i'm not the one telling you I'm right. You're the one telling me I'm wrong.  




 :) Having a conversation and having someone listen is different. And i'm not saying god is the only one that can listen or change a heart. People can do that, i hope. But What I'm saying is you shouldn't trash my faith by calling it a lie when you can't even prove you're right. 




 How do you know they're not real? Who are you to tell me I'm wrong? I'm not trying to convince you you're wrong. I'm not telling you you're wrong. I believe you're wrong. But who the fuck am I to tell you that? You have no authority. Stop acting like you do. Prove to me he there's any shred of a sign that he doesn't exist. then you can tell me what to believe. 




 That's a cool way of looking at it. What gets me is /r/atheism. They post thousands of posts trashing my faith, but blame religion for being oppressive, corruptible. Of course it is. /r/catholics aren't calling atheists fucking stupid. Who are they to say they know I'm wrong?
 




 I think it's however someone wants to define it, it means so many different things. To me, it means that this universe did not just poof out of the butt of an atom during the big bang. Well, i mean that's certainly possible but that it wasn't just a coinkydink. And besides. My life is very fucked up. God is the only thing on this planet that has taken the time to listen to me. 




 I don't think it's a scientific fact that they don't exist. We just haven't proven their real. If someone had a reason to believe in it, who are you to tell them they're wrong?? 




 ORLY. 




 True. 




 tax breaks for the rich create a crappy economic system. agreed. 




 I want to be black... I don't think it's going to happen. 




 Agreed. 




 propaganda. 




 PROVE HE'S NOT. RIGHT NOW. GO. 




 Right on the country part. 




 SHHHHHHH. 




 True. I guess it's just personal preference. I know a lot of people that say it should be abolished, but there's not really a good way to do that. And I couldn't possible take notes in print, it'd take waaay to long 




 Lol, watchoo talking bout yo, weed be the SHIT. Ain't not effecting mah nothun. 




 Prove he's not real. Right now. GO. 




 Why don't they just make us sign over our houses? 




 ORLY. 




 Real estate is still one of the safest markets to invest in... http://bacolodrealty.com/real-estate-tips/despite-financial-crisis-investment-in-real-estate-is-still-safe-and-profitable/
 




 Really?? come on... 




 http://csis.org/publication/terrorism-and-wmd-link-war-afghanistan
wmd's are more then nukes. They have them. They had them. 




 http://theweek.com/article/index/214846/should-kids-still-learn-cursive-handwriting

cursive still has positive benefits, and most people's handwriting becomes a mix between cursive and print. Plus reading a college prof's handwriting and not knowing cursive will not end well. 




 http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/03/28/us-diet-drinks-idUSBRE82R1BZ20120328
can't blame them yet, but you're prob right. 




 http://blog.laptopmag.com/dubious-findings-macbooks-sweep-consumer-reports-laptop-rankings

Stats. 




 http://www.centralfloridafancy.com/2011/06/26/financial-experts-suggesting-pokemon-cards-no-longer-a-good-investment/
Pokemon cards were the shit back then, but now it's a waste of money. Gen 1? Fucking gold. 




