 Any photo of her? 

Looks like she's under good care. She'll grow up into a supreme overlord of your house in no time! :D 




 I love the way you phrased that. Thanks for bringing her to safety. 




 This looks like an aquarium ad! Awesome shot.

Also way to get his nonchalant side. Very photogenic. 




 I was hoping he would suggest ways to get him to stop but he was like "meh, if it makes him happy why not let him?"

Btw 10 weeks! Must be so tiny and cute. She may grow out of the habit though since she's just a babe. I hope for your sake she does. The claws have left may scars around my ankles. 




 Oh is that what it's called? XD That's really cute. I should get my cat a mini rolling pin plushy. 




 I won't lie and say I know what that feels like. I lost my grandpa to lung caner a year ago but I imagine hearing this kind of thing about my parent would be something quite different.

If you can't talk to your friends, feel free to talk to us in detail. Or if you're in school, your school counselor perhaps? Online help goes only so far and it'd be nice to have someone listen to you in person.

I'm not sure what kind of words, if any, could bring you solace. But know there is someone who's willing to listen. 




 While it's not for everyone meds changed  my life. I no longer feel suicidal or cry for no reason. I hope it works out for you! 




 I'm glad you're still with us. 




 My (almost) 10 year old cat still does this. He sucks on his arm so it turned that part of his fur brownish colour (he's greyish white overall with lilac points). I was concerned about possible skin conditions but the vet said there was nothing wrong with it. :s

But damn. 10 years! I don't know why he keeps doing it. 




 Nicely done! If you distress the leather it'll look even nicer. Love the eye makeup. I always thought Drogo looked ultra fabulous with the smokey eyes XD  




 Look at that magnanimous smile. Methinks s/he must speak with an elegant Oxford accent. 




 This deserves to be a race. Could you imagine going into a random cave and running into a horde of creatures with faces like this. Bone chilling. 




 I love the mod versions too but I think I'm gonna stick to vanilla until I get sick of it. Skyrim is beautiful on its own. 




 Oh I thought it was Tommen... But is it a whole lot different from a kid dressing up as Danny or Jon? Aren't we assuming that this is insulting because Peter Dinklage happens to suffer from dwarfism? 




 I'm not sure why you're under the fire so much for saying this. I too feel this way. I'm sorry OP has to deal with this mess but at the same time my heart goes out to the poor woman who chose to end her own life. So yeah I totally get where you're coming from. 




 "I have no idea why those walking snacks built this but it sure is handy! *awww yeah. That hits the spot.*" 




 I love her coat! Gold and black. Very houte. 




 She's adorable. Love the one where she's sitting next to you. 




 The costume looks beautiful. My favourite part is the hair. Hands down. Well done! 




 I love this kind of feeling. Why do you think it's a bad idea though? 




 The cat looks pretty challenging. I myself have no carving skill so any attempt to replicate something like this would result in pumpkin slaughter. 




 Man that game kind of frustrated me with donuts (I forget the currency name... those in-game purchases) so I quit early. Wish I had seen this before I quit! 




 Seriously it's not fair... If you have nice eyes, you should at least have some kind of deficiency elsewhere. Goddamn full lips, six pac bod, beard... THIS GUY IS CHEATING alert the mod. 




 Dammit now that's all I can think about. :( 




 Hugs. I love her coat pattern and white socks. I'm sure you and your mom made a loving home for her. Hopefully she'll be having a lot of fun with other kitties in heaven until you guys get to see her again. 




 I don't know who you are, I don't know what you want... But if I find you, I'm going to give you a big hug and buy you a beer because you're an awesome person. Your son is lucky to have you. 




 That's some dedication. Looks great! Are you gonna do the rest of the house sigils? 




 Now here I was expecting an NSFW photo of Lydia. Shame on me... 




 Man it looks almost like someone put a picture of him in the artsy photoshop filter. It looks awesome. Great job! 




 Your mom is really talented! I know brain slugs are parasitic aliens but damn they're cute. 




 I can appreciate people having different tastes in fashion but your bf sounds like he needs to back off a bit. I really like your inspiration photos! It wasn't anything to be embarrassed about. If he means a lot to you I hope you have a good conversation with him and tell him how he makes you feel. I mean, I'm not a big fan of how my bf dresses but I limit myselt to recommendations. 




 I'm sorry it happened to you. Putting that scumbag behind bars probably won't make things entirely better but I'm glad you're on your way to healing. Many hugs. 




 Any plan to colour it? It looks great! 




 Gnar has the cutest walk.♥ 




 Congratulations!! 




 I'm sorry you lost them. I lost my grandpa last year to lung cancer. I was 25 at that time too.

I doubt there's the right way to grieve. Cry if you want to. Occupy your mind if you think you're falling too deeply into your emotions. 




 I'm apparently old enough to take up burdens of an adult but too young to enjoy privileges that such burdens entail.

I'm 26. Come the fuck on. 




 That'd be awesome. Also, being able to make friends with people as long as I talk to them long enough. 









 I'm sorry to hear that. :( I thought working for a big IT corporation would be exciting but I suppose like all things in life it looks glamorous only from the outside. But I bet knowledge in engineering opens up lots of possibilities. I hope you find your passion one day. Preferably soon. 




 Aside from my room, IKEA. Maybe it's that nesting syndrome mentioned in Fight Club but fuck it, I love it there. (I also loved playing the Sims... This probably has something to do with that to.) The country I'm currently living in doesn't have an IKEA and it's killing me. 




 I wish I told my grandpa how much he means to me and how grateful I am that he was my grandpa before he slipped into a coma and died (cancer). He was one of the few that believed in me no matter what. 




 Robin Williams so I can watch his old movies again. I can't watch them anymore because looking at him makes me miss him so much.

I lost my grandpa (to whom I was very close) to cancer but given the circumstances my aunts are in I'm not sure his being alive would benefit him a lot. He would be stressed out. Probably get cancer again. 




 Happy Birthday. 

While I'm not a man I too feel really down on my birthday. It's like I'm getting older while getting none the wiser.

I wish I studied harder in my university so I could've gotten into law school. That way I could've stayed in my home country. Would've helped me retain my self-confidence too. 




 I've actually been writing a thriller for quite some time. I used to write like crazy in my university years, whenever inspiration hit me, but now this job has drained my creativity.

What about you? Any career you'd like to pursue? 




 I actually thought the premise of Resident Evil was pretty good (not the movie; the original game series). A pharmaceutical company wants to create a monster biologically engineered for wars but the success rate of the virus turning a human into a super soldier is pretty low and turns the failures into zombies. Maybe they won't have the hunger for human flesh, though. Hmm... 




 I still listen to AQUA. Barbie Girl, Dr. Jones, My Oh My. They're just really cheerful and fun to listen to. 




 Exactly! I'm studying law and frankly I'm a bit sick of it. I wish I had the balls (though I don't have any physical ones to begin with) pursue my dream of being a professional novelist. "Write on the side" they said, "you can always publish a book while working a different job" they said... 




 This post was tagged serious. Grow up. 




 Call me naive and idealistic, but I don't want Canada to change like the US did after 9/11. Proper precautions are necessary, but taking drastic measures seems like saying terrorists can indeed affect us with violent coercion. 




 I posted the link in one of my comments below.

I think some people misunderstood my comment/link as a cry for attention. I just wanted to show OP my cat. :s 




 I work at a law firm during the day and attend grad school classes at night. I have no idea what I want to do with the degree. I was hoping I would know by now. 




 Thanks. It's actually a he :D 




 Well I didn't post the link because I wanted attention but people seem to think I did. OP has a really pretty cat and I wanted to share a photo of my cat with him/her. I'm a little shocked my good intentions were taken so wrong.

As for the link, [here it is](http://imgur.com/5it7hIJ). 




 I try not to do so since that annoyed the shit out of me. 




 She is beautiful! It kind of hurts my ego because I'd like to think my cat is the most handsome cat in the whole wide world...

Edit: Wow so much hostility for just posting a link to a picture of my cat. Link removed.

Edit2: The link is back up in one of my comments below. Again I'd like to clarify I didn't want to steal attention away from OP or want people to affirm my (jokingly said) statement about my cat being the most beautiful. 




 Or something like "ovulation setting" which can be turned on and off so you can be in complete control of your pregnancy. 




 Gamer (with Gerard Butler).

I really loved the premise but the ending was total bullshit. I feel like the showdown in the end was so hackneyed and implausible. Why would a CEO risk fighting someone who's proven his physical strength in countless battles? Also what's the point of manipulating someone's mind if the person could just overcome it with the force of will? Also the part about the brothers (I forget the exact name; underground rebels against Michael C. Hall) was pretty lame.

You can't bring down the entire system by just killing off the head guy. You have to slowly affect the system and convince users to drop it. Not sure if a 2-hour movie can show all that, but that would have been the better ending. 




 Since a lot of people have already said philanthropic stuff, I'll say something very trivial but satisfying: winning a very dragged out League game through teamwork. Wish I could meet my team members in real life and give them a highfive. 




 Some people hate saying "this restores my faith in humanity" but fuck that, it really does make me believe in mankind more. 




 "Bender we love you"

"Shut up baby, I know it"

Futurama seemed like it really wanted to make "I'm back baby" popular but I've always liked this one better. 




 You set us up! I was preparing for the worst for a sec. But I forgive you because you have a cute dog and I too love RDJ. 




 Haha I wouldnt go as far as calling them assholes. they just don't know much about the condition. But yes I agree the family environment doesn't necessarily help me in this regard. 




 I didn't mean ONE absolute purpose. Until recently I wanted to go down a certain career path but that is no longer the case. I used to live with a drive. Now that's gone I feel empty. 




 The importance of LGBT rights.

I'm currently working abroad in Asia. I was born in this country but emigrated when I was a teen and earned Canadian citizenship. 

It's mind-boggling how LGBT rights are pretty much nonexistent here and people have no idea how offensive they can be when they talk about the LGBT community in a certain way. I've actually had pretty heated arguments with my family members living here over this subject and got into a fight almost. I myself am straight, but I have gay friends back home and my blood boils up whenever people preach all sorts of nonsense. e.g. all gay men will act on their attraction to anyone and will try to rape straight guys. SERIOUSLY?!

 




 Haven't played it in a while but whenever I play Diablo II I appreciate its structure and style every single time. Too bad the successor didn't live up to my expectations... 




 A purpose in life. I feel like all I do is existing. The bare minimum

Edit: thanks for great advice guys. Appreciate it. I'm not looking for a grand ultimate purpose. I'm reevaluating my career choice and the goal I was pursuing for like a decade just disappeared. So yeah that's why I said I wanted a purpose in life. 




 That's pretty exciting though. 

I'm also doing a Master's degree (in law). Working during the day and studying in the evening have worn me out actually. 




 I'm sorry about your ex's baby. It's too bad you guys broke up. Best of luck to you in the Marines. 




 Depression (*May differ from person to person): I can't will/pray/force the condition away. I need meds to function properly. For some people counseling does wonders and they seem to have been cured of depression but it's not for everyone and for some, like me, depression is a lifelong condition with no cure. I make do with meds and they've kept me on the level well enough so I can work and enjoy life to an okay degree. I'd be a train wreck without them.

Actually my family has been the worst to me, not friends or people who know me less. 




 I think I like law more as an academic subject. I just don't think I'll enjoy working 12 hours a day, barely getting any sleep, stressed beyond imagination, to get a brief done, etc. It seems like work never ends for lawyers. Some people are cut out for this kind of challenge but I'm finding out I'm not quite that sort of person. 




 Thought I would be a lawyer by now (age 26) or on my way to be one. I do work with law but am not a lawyer, nor am I sure if I want to be one anymore. It's not the end of my life but I do feel hollow after losing a goal I was following for more than 10 years. I don't know what to do with life and feel like I should've felt this way back in high school. 




 Already did. She kicked ass. 




 Now that I think about it that's true lol. I think I got sad because I was thinking of my own grandma. 




 I don't know you but I'm proud of you and happy for you. Congrats!! 




 Yeah I think Uma Thurman was a great choice for Poison Ivy. Her lines were the main problem. "Curses!" 




 I love his meltdown in that review so much. 




 Is it the one where the initially grumpy grandma sacrifies hereself to save the family? I watched the movie as a kid and that scene made me so sad.

Also the teenager couple all bloated in the searing hot springs traumatized me. 




 I'm sorry you can't act on how you really feel. Even though I wish you could date someone you find sexually attractive, I think you're wonderful for valuing the life you have. You have my respect and admiration. 




 [Oasis - Part of the queue](http://youtu.be/zq0DldWTXdA)

"I fall down, heaven won't help me; I call out, no one would hear. ... Every beginning is breaking its promise, I'm having trouble just finding my soul in this town" 




 Same here. I hope it has wifi though. 




 Even though that part was necessary to create tension among the women later on I hated it as well. It felt so dragged out. 




 I don't find tbbt funny but I feel like it's because I'm not smart enough to understand the jokes. My nuclear physicist friend loves that show... 




 The obligatory GoT reference: pillage me, the Great Stallion. 




 Congrats! I love that mom is holding her kitties close to her in the first pic. So much love. 




 That's surprising and good to hear. My siamese x turkish angora x tabby sheds so much fur even though his hair isn't that long. Perhaps the shedding is inversely proportionate to the length? Haha

Anyhoo your fluffy kitty is lovely♥ 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/futurama/comments/2j1kzc/i_meet_president_nixon_yesterday_at_ny_comic_con/

On mobile, please excuse the long url. 




 The funny thing is that it was one of the top posts that day. :s Only his comments within were downvoted. 




 I have no idea why I'm doing the master's program and it's costing me five grand a term. I feel like I'm sticking to just so that I can add another line to my resume -- which I despise. Working during the day and studying at night exhaust me. 




 Edit: saw the context below. Unfortunately you were wrong. 




 There was a guy who posted a photo of his cosplay on the Futurama subreddit. His comments in the thread were downvoted because his hair didn't look like Fry's. Granted it didn't bear much resemblance, but he had at least put effort into putting the costume together. He wasn't toxic to haters either. I didn't understand at all why he was downvoted.  




 Hardware replacement required. Please contact your local technician. 




 You are an awesome dad/mom. Just wanted you to know. 




 10/10 aftercare customer service 




 Choosing to take beginner to intermediate econ courses in university.

I had planned on majoring it (convinced by my dad) so I took the pre-req's. I'm glad I learned the basics of economics but I performed poorly and ended up majoring in something else. My overall GPA suffered a lot. 




 "What's it like to live in Canada?"

I'm working abroad and I miss home every single day.I love being asked about it. 




 Did you really take away all happiness from my life because I asked for straight A's in my last year of high school in exchange of it?

I mean I made the offer so I guess I shouldn't complain, but that's really been the case for the last 7 years. I'm really curious. 




 Now you know what I've been going through. 




 I'm a lapsed Catholic and I'm sympathetic to both religious/atheistic sides. One of the things that Reddit does and makes me sad is extreme hatred to anyone who believes in the existence of a God. Sure if that person is forcing others to follow his belief that should be pointed out but if faith helps that person be better, live a good life, treat others well, etc. why not just embrace the fact that a religion can do some good? :s 




 My god I'm so happy it turned out great! I was holding my breath as I read your post. What I came to understand from my univ experience is that most profs really want to see you do well and if something is out of character they do catch on. I hope you get that A you deserve! :D 




 I've despised Justin Timberlake for years because he makes so many girls swoon and has that playful, cocky as fuck attitude but actually I lust after him in secret. DON'T TELL ANYONE INTERNET 




 The point is that they think it's okay because it "dries" = no harm done. It's a ridiculous argument. 




 Coca cola itself is probably not gonna happen because it's blatant advertisement, but I do want Voli to have some sort of drink in his hand as he chases after champs! That would be majestic. 




