 Are you trypophobic? 














 My best was this island hospital build, took me a while but the island base was amazing and the build itself a great addition to my collection.  What's the greatest/coolest set you've had the most fun building? :) 




 More!!!!!  




 Makes you almost want to lose a leg 









 Wow this again? 









 Im one of the few people who find this hilarious.  Upvote 4 u 




 He was with Ian Taylor promoting a headphones brand, he was delighted :) 




 Ouch! 




 He was actually so nice about it! We were talking for a while about soccer and what team I supported and Martin O'Neill and what not. He was sound!  




 That seems to be a picture of Galway City 














 I can't wait. 









 Dratini irl 




 Some humans are so OP. Wow what an artist 









 Basically porn 




 That is just a pure tease 




 Oh come on that's just teasing!!! 














 There is definitely a dick on the $100 









 Jeeeeeesus :( 




 Personally, the posts on this sub intrigue me, but are they some people out there, maybe even on this sub, that get off on this stuff? 




 Maybe it's because I'm not a gun-crazed American, but I don't get how this is on the front page 
























 Im just staring at the middle aged woman in the background 









 The fuck? 




 Nope, panorama shot on my S3. Hard to get it pixel perfect cause I had to move my hands, I have other pictures if you want extra proof  




 Thanks man 




 I did a panorama photo on my S3, so I had to move my phone to get the whole thing, hard to get it pixel perfect :) 




 County Wicklow 









 Anyone else have no idea what is actually going on? 




 Hello Michael. I want to play a game. 




 It's so refreshing to see something that looks awesome in the default texture pack 









 Could be a tegenaria atrica?  




 How long that take to happen KalTheory89? 




 EDIT: A. Versicolors are my favourite so woukd that be a good first timer? 




 I live in Ireland and looking for a low maintenance spider thats easy to handle and is calm. Average room temperature around here is 21ยบ celsius which I think is around 60/70 F. I dont want to splash out the cash on a heater as I just want a low maintenance spider. What would be a good suggestion for an absolute beginner? And should I raise from a spiderling? 




 Never heard of them 




  I have been handling spiders I find for a while and havent been bitten. As far as I know they're so small the bite is painless and not noticeable 




 Thanks,  great answer. Georgina it is! 




 Answer: Quite simply, There are no big insects on the Emerald Isle! 




 How do you differentiate between male and female spiders? 









 Greg 









 The hand marathon: The greatest and most playful spider activity known to man, the worst known to arachnids 









 "Fun with Mortality" ...Huh 




 I know, I hate when someone's leg blocks your view of the masturbating local 




 This would make a beautiful .gif 




 Patience....glue 




 Could be a recluse, That shit is dangerous 




 Its ok, the NSA will remember for us. 




 Nah, she looks about 16 to me 




 I agree great story, That's what the spirit of a spiderbro is all about!  




 Great answer, this really cleared it up. 




 From hearing all these heartwarming fables and tales of arachnid loyalty and bravery, I really want a spiderbro. Thing is where I live, Ireland, there isn't any big guys out in the wild. The biggest wild spiders you get here have a body the size of a large pea, and that's no exaggeration. I had a spiderbro once when I was young, Unnamed but valiant and the time has come where I want a watchful guardian, who protects me from the pesky flies of irish summer, a spiderbro like Viktor, or Gustav, a brave companion to stand tall for the summer months, but all the big busters (pea bodies) are nowhere to be seen. Anyone know how to attract a house/bath spider? (Bath spider is what I've always called them, as they always climb up the drains and chill) This would be a big help as I'm allegeric to most insect repellents, which is ironic. Thanks guys. 




 Oh my god this is so beautiful :') RIP Spiderbro 




 Most of you guys here own an arachnid so I'd just like to know why I see a lot of dead spiders on their backs with their legs curled in. 




 I kept watching this when I realised it looks like there's a dick on his shirt 




 'A metric shit-ton' is my new favourite phrase 




 Ironic how the god of floods is found submerged for over 1000 years... 




 Anyone see the little face with the orange lights and grill before anything else? 




 It's just like modern art, ugly, beautiful,  all depends on the eye. Personally, I like it. 




 I particularly liked the skulls 




 I've seen enough Final Destination movoes to see where this is going... 




 Nice post, poo_smudge 














 Simply block the other accounts when they appear, it will stop them coming up again. You still get all the tweets from your favourite comedy feeds and much less spam. 




 This reminds me so much of the Sign Painter from World Of Goo... 




 A repost of a repost, of a repost of r/wtf 









 Just some fun. Excludes snack/toilet breaks :p 









 Btw how did you find this sub? 









 Good to see you're still an established redditor :p 









 Come on, Every Minecrafter knows what gravel is! 




 Reddit approves  




 Ahhh alright, thanks man :) 









 This horrifyingly reminds me of the Human Centipede  




 Try it with wool blocks and signs
 




 Noble salute  




 Get the Zepellin mod, and fly away on his majestic back 




 2475069397829075708 Hey bud, thanks for posting in this community, This seed has one tree, many resources (diamond) some sugarcane, and an easy to find dungeon, It's for 1.2.5, Hope this helps you out, And thanks for getting the community going :)
 




 Hey bud, I found a seed for 1.2.5 :) It's 2475069397829075708. 
It has only one tree, many resources (diamond) and an easy to find dungeon, and also some sugarcane. Hope this helps. Can you please advertise and support this community so we can find other survival fans like us :) Best of luck with your survival island :) 




