 How many girls' bedrooms do you see vs guys? Because thinking about it right now, there's a pretty even number of male vs female people in my life who live in extremely messy environments, and same for people being cleaner. 




 Honestly, this is not the first time in my life that I have cleaned my entirely too messy room to this point only to let it get out of control again, but I don't have an income. $10 a month is too much, let alone $100 or even an apartment of my own. I hope that I can keep it clean this time. I know it's early to assume that this is how things are going to be, but just getting my room this clean is a huge success. It'll be an even bigger one if it still looks like this in a month. 




 I've been diagnosed to hell and back with a hundred different things. Only recently have I found a diagnosis and treatment that is actually helping. Depression has been a major one for a long time, but briefly my doctor thought maybe I was bipolar. Last year, I was diagnosed with depression and borderline personality disorder and have been getting treatment for that, and there's such a difference. I've found meds that work, and therapy that works, and I hope this is the start of the rest of my life. 




 When a guy lives like a pig, it's "why do you live like a pig?"

When a girl lives like a pig, it's "why do girls live like pigs?" 




 Good luck!!!! 




 I get it. I lived in that mess for two or more years. I was too embarrassed to have people in my room, let alone ask them to help me clean it. I just couldn't take it anymore.

If it's too much to ask for help, at least at the point it's at right now, try and clean some of it on your own. Maybe not all in one day, or even two. Just clean one small area and keep that neat, then move on to the next. 




 I could not have done it without the help of my friend. Every time I tried on my own, I would just stare at the mess and get so overwhelmed. I didn't know where to start.

The best advice I can give is to start where you are going to be the most often. I started with my desk, then my bed, and then I just worked my way around my room until finally it was all done. Also, do it in short bursts instead of all at once. We started by doing 20 minutes of cleaning, 10 minutes of break, and by the end, I was able to work for longer and longer. Adjust the amount of time to something you're comfortable with (as long as it's not 5 minutes of cleaning, then break forever) and just remember that having a clean space will make you feel better and is something you can control in your life! 




 I've heard it before in the multitudes of therapies I've been in, but it's worth repeating because it is very true. I am in a better mood when the area I'm in is organized. 




 Thank you. And believe me, there have been pizza boxes and all kinds of gross food things in here. I hope you can find the motivation to clean, too. It helps a lot, having a clean space, even if it's just a clean space to mope in. 




 One of the reasons I got rid of the carpet for the wood floors. So much easier to clean, but damn if dust doesn't build up if you don't keep after it (which obviously, I didn't). 




 I was wondering what part gave it away. Thanks!

(also hell yeah delicious food) 




 I'm not falling for this twice. 




 Are you talking about the ancient TV? Hahaha.

I play N64 games on it because it looks better on that than it does on the huge flatscreen out in the living room. 




 We clearly aren't talking about the same Daniel. 




 Depression has a way of ruining everything in your life. It's not just being sad, it's being apathetic and unmotivated. I have very little energy for basic day-to-day activities and this took a lot out of me. 




 lmao

you know what's really funny??

that's actually something daniel would do 




 I can't stand having a bare room. I love all the stuff I have in my room! The problem is when I start keeping stuff I don't actually love and just can't throw out. 




 holy shit! yeah hey!! it's been a while, damn. i can't believe you remember what my room looks like. 




 my room is clean. who is this though?? 




 Will do! :) 




 This actually really, really does work. I would watch that show, even just commercials of that show, and think, "That's going to be me one day."

Then I decided, no, that is NOT going to be me one day. 




 WHAT THE HELL 




 It took a lot of effort and honestly, a few times, I just wanted to sit down and quit. I was just so tired of living like that, it sucks. I've lived in that mess for far, far too long. I just had to remember how much better I'd feel when it was finally clean, and how much easier it is to upkeep a clean room than it is to clean a room that is this disastrous. It didn't hurt that I had a friend urging me along to keep going and helping me out.

If I can do it, I bet you can do it too!! Just take it one corner at a time! 




 I haven't had time to screw it up again, check back in a week. 




 i got that poster when only the first movie was out okay!! honestly the first one is still enjoyable if you ignore the next however many that came out :P

and thank you!!! 




 hell yeah!!!! 




 Thanks! :) 




 It didn't have doors before, and I can't afford to buy some... then I realized a shower curtain was perfect :) I really like it! I happened to have everything except the curtain rings, which cost $1.  




 Apparently it duplicated some images while uploading. Sorry about that! Don't know what happened.

This took two days and a good friend's help, and I'm so relieved to have space to walk around. And a place to sleep I don't have to be ashamed of! 









 When I was about 14 or 15, I downloaded a song from Kazaa and now I can find no trace of it even existing. I googled the lyrics, nothing useful came up. Everything else I remember is in the title. 














 Basically, I moved out of an apartment back home and somewhere along the way, my favorite set of dice got lost.

Recently though, my car was broken into... I was really upset, they actually stole a pewter DD figurine that I was going to paint and a pair of sunglasses (that was it though... so weird), but when I was going through the car cleaning out the broken glass, I found my old dice and I was so excited I started taking pictures.

So something good came out of something bad :) 




