 It's all in the diaphragm,man. Gotta work that airway. 




 All good. I'm from Australia. 




 -Claps internally- 




 I'm guessing that's...Wisconsin? Sorry, I'm not from the US. Sounds pretty cool,though. 




 Haha,wow. That is pretty cool. Where are they from? I'm not the kind of person who looks into an artist's history. 




 Hey! This is an awesome idea. I don't have Spotify but I should be able to manage a bunch of YouTube links. Could you make me a playlist centred around a sombre mood? Like the kind of music you'd hear if you were exploring a ruined city ,or were about to kill someone you love. I'm not a serial killer,btw. I'm a writer and this kind of music helps me visualise scenes. If it's any help,I usually listen to artists like The Fleet Foxes,Bon Iver and Massive Attack.

*Edit:Thanks heaps. 




 Cephaloporoid? 




 Gaming and working on my conlang. I only really rekindled my interest in the latter a couple of days ago, hopefully it'll lead to me wanting to write again. 




 I drank a partially dissolved cockroach that had died on the bottom of a whiskey bottle once*. I feel ya. ;-;
 




 Please stop trolling.

The guy asked a serious question. 




 Don't worry,OP. I'm 5'7 and I'm still rowing. In fact, I think I'll always keep rowing as they'll beat me otherwise.^help 




 Welp,looks like I've found my problem. 

Thanks,mum 




 Holy Shit. You just slipped that right in there,didn't you ? 




 I want to be included,too! Does dressing as the Black Death for Year 8 Medieval Day count? 




 No amount of flying lawnmowers are going to settle these jimmies. Critical overrustle achieved. 




 Can I get a bravery check? 




 Language. 

I can barely sum up any interest or energy in most of the things I do, but learning about language and how it's formed by, and helps shape, sound patterns/morphological processes/syntax etc. is the only thing that really reminds me of the fact that I can still feel excited about something, even though my attention is sporadic at best. 




 Language! 




 Hey, guys.

I have almost non-existent social skills when it comes to meeting new people and one of the largest barriers I frequently come across is that I can never initiate conversation with anyone. I've been at uni for almost two semesters now and I have still yet to develop a proper social life;I have only really been able to talk to one other person out of all my classes at uni.

I barely see the friends I do have, and I can almost go whole weeks without speaking to anyone but my aunty. So I was wondering if any of you guys know how I can overcome my fear of talking to strangers?

Thanks heaps. 




 I found out that there is a group of non-pulmonic sounds in human language called ejectives which are pretty much sounds formed with little explosions of air afterwards; try saying 'p' but really forcing it out. I reckon that the fact that some language somewhere uses these as a  part of their everyday communication really awesome.^^^^ihavenolife 




 I dip my dick into a vat of soup to check if it's warm and 94 cats claw it off. 




 What was this man's name? Christ, everyone has a name.

Where had he lived? On a farm as I had? Did he too cherish memories of wide,clear sky reflected in small diaphanous ponds and welcome the calm blanketing of darkness on his fields after sunset had burnt itself into his retinas at the end of each day?

Had he also shared a million small moments with his lover, knowing things that only they had experienced? Had he held his lover's hand as she died of sickness as I had? Had he too broken the hope of his children when he'd explained where she'd gone? 

Is this why he was here?

Is this why he fought? For the same reasons as I do? Was he a broken man seeking solace in the face of this indifferent beast of war?

Did he dream of the feint chatter of wind-chimes before an angry,unforgiving horizon? Is that what kept him restful during the cold nights and their symphony of artillery barrages, when the only light to be found was in hellish flashes against a choked,pitiful landscape?

Had he also seen men wail before the arms of death as they clutched their organs as offerings? Did he fear silence as I do? Had he heard the breathless rattles of men seeking comfort from the impatient embrace of non-existence as they bled their life and memories onto the mud?

My chest tightened as I watched him splutter.

 If I was still the same man as I had been I would have left him to be found by his comrades. He would have lived.

But his eyes were too familiar, they begged with a pathetic fear akin to my own. What right  do I have to decide the fate of another wretched creature such as myself? What grand scheme directed these dire circumstances between us?

I felt my empathy curdle and lose its hold on my thoughts. 

Because he was not like me.

And so I shot him.  




 My book. 

I have a fucking language to invent, multiple cultures to write about and an entire bloody world history to create not to mention actually writing the novel, and here I am on Reddit writing about these things and not doing them. 




 Yeah,that's probably it. 

As I was getting towards the end of school I was getting more and more worried about missing out on the 'normal teenage-life milestones' that and so I probably figured "Hey, that girl was friendly to me earlier, I should have a crush on her. Maybe then I'll achieve what's expected to have been done by my age and become normal."

Pined over her for sometime but never really talked to her or did anything, and now I'm still holding myself to the fact that I missed my only chance to actually overcome my fear of women and be accepted into the wider 'class' of those who can establish intimate relationships with the opposite sex which in turn exacerbates my awkwardness and fear which in keeps me from allowing myself to even consider dating properly. 

I'm now pretty much proper fucked when it comes to women and socialising in general. It's funny how one simple decision can fuck you over in the longer run,eh? 




 To be honest, I don't really know. Kind of a fear of being put on the spot mixed with general beta faggotry. 




 Refusing an offer to be kissed by a girl in high school whom I later developed a crush for but didn't have the balls to ask out. 

Two years later and I still haven't kissed anyone. Fuck. 




 Just let the poor cunt know that he's not getting anywhere  and to stop messaging. It's clear that he's oblivious, so just do him a kindness and tell him to go elsewhere. Many guys that are perceived as creepy are that way because they haven't properly learnt how to identify when they're over-stepping these kinds of social barriers,and so continue to press. 




 Your grandfather seemed like a profound kinda guy. Thanks, I'll definitely be considering this metaphor the next time I feel shitty. 




 I also feel the same. The only time I'm ever talked to my friends about how I feel is when I've been very drunk, and I felt I alienated myself from them even more so by doing that.

I also have made a plan to kill myself, but I keep putting it off for arbitrary reasons. For instance, I was planning on doing it next week sometime a couple of days ago, but now I've ordered Rome 2 so I've decided I'll wait for that to come and the off myself.

I really do hope you find someone who's willing to talk to you. 




 I'm glad it made sense to someone. I agree with you on the stigma towards depressed people in our society, especially towards men. It's almost as if we're told as men that emotion is something you hold within yourself or express to, in limited circumstances, only your loved ones, and if you hold too much emotion, you're overreacting and being a woman. 

Combining this perspective with my sleight build and short height makes me feel almost feminine in the eyes of other men, and this weighs down heavily on me.

Thanks for your words and welcome to the sub!  




 Yeah, it's fucking shit. And you're making perfect sense, this is exactly what I think. I have no idea whether it is actual depression being tricky with me, or whether I'm 'forcing' my self to feel what I assume would be how a depressed person feels. 




 I think seeing a therapist will, in the long run, help both of us realise where to attribute these emotions to, whether it be legitimate depression or otherwise. I'm going to recommend you see a therapist, not because I think that that mine will necessarily help me, but because I believe everyone should be entitled to a chance to change their lives. Whilst my chance may have well abandoned me, I'd like to think that yours hasn't.

Keep on keeping on. 




 Thanks for the reply; the community here is awesome. 

I have a hard time conveying emotion to people, even my family. I always feel that it isn't my place to burden them with my emotional problems as they've already got their own. 

I find myself thinking like this with my counselor,too. I think about how many people's sob stories he has to sit through and how that must weigh down on his patience. 

For some reason I have this notion that men are not supposed to give into their emotions and seek help, and therefore I mustn't be a man and mustn't have a valid reason for this pain. Your response has offered me a different perspective to what I'm used to, thanks. I don't often open up to people (only when I'm considerably drunk) so the outpouring of good advice and care in this thread has confounded me. 




 Holy shit. This is almost akin to how my emotions are at the moment. I can go from feeling incredibly bitter one day to mildly depressed another to pretty much empty some other days. I am never fully incapacitated, but I'm always slightly off-centre enough that it impairs me socially. I also feel the same overarching desolation, it really sucks.

I really hope you beat it,man. At least one of us has to. 




 When I was younger my mum was really sick. In an effort to cheer her up,my little brother consolled her with these wise word as he was sitting by her bed:

"An old frog jumps into a pond. Splash."

To this day she still thinks that it was incredibly profound. 




 Don't really know where all the paperwork is due to the fact that I've moved house twice since then, so I have no idea whether it'd still be under warranty. I also don't know what the real problem behind the card is, all I know is that my PC highlighted that there was a problem with the graphics driver in the event centre, and also my event log shows multiple Kernel Power event-41 issues. 




 Sweet, thanks. Another question (sorry), should I upgrade my CPU as well? It's an i5-5700k, I think.
Edit:2500K, not 5700K 




 Cool,760's seem to be pretty cheap atm. Also, does a GPU having more memory necessarily make it better than one with less? Is that a stupid question to ask? 




 Hey, guys. So I've had my GTX 560Ti for about a year now, and I've been noticing some problems. 
My computer will crash randomly whilst playing some games, and when I check my event log, it tells me that these crashes are due to a Kernel-Power Event. 
On further investigation it appeared that my GPU was the cause behind these crashes,so I've decided that if they continue, I'll probably have to replace my GPU. Question is, which GPU should I buy if I choose to do so? (keeping in mind I'd prefer to upgrade in performance as well). Or should I spend money on getting my GPU fixed instead? 




 Indifference.

I believe that one of the greatest achievements in human evolution is our development of empathy. To know that so many people in the world do what they do without any consideration of the experiences of others and how their decisions may affect others, without even the tiniest shred of empathy, really unnerves me.

And to think that (at least Western) societies could become even more apathetic to the lives of even those who are closest to them, is especially worrying. I mean indifference isn't some modern construct endemic to modern society, but I believe it could become almost a virtue of our age. It's the universe's position to be indifferent to our plight, not humanity's. 




 What is the deepweb? I've heard some talk about it, but I don't know whether it's a joke or not. 




 Because it would imply that they were some sort of whiny bitch, and in the eyes of most men discussing personal strife is seen as weakness. I mean,shit, look at the some shitstorm female cutters get, could you imagine if a male revealed that he was slashing up? It's fucked, and part of the reason why I don't cut despite the fact I am in a fair amount of emotional strain.
*edit: I spek gud england 




 The world of my novel. I could go on for ages talking about the various nuances of Othenai culture, and the formation of various political organisations. No one ever really listens,though. ;-; 




 Yeah, I have skype. Pretty sure the name's the same as my Steam:Chezzprinn 




 I will, as long as I am comforted by the knowledge that you, the finest specimen come to be produced by humanity's long and arduous evolutionary journey, will carry forward our race into neo-liberal paradise! 




 2edgy4me. Please take your edginess elsewhere, you're too hardcore for this thread. 




 Ain't no stopping it now,mate. 




 I have a feeling the Chinese are the villains in Battlefield 4. Correct me if I'm wrong. 




 I have to say I still haven't gotten over it. Hell, I wasn't even bullied that much but it has had an enormous effect on my life. 

I can't do anything without hearing the voices of people who had mocked me. I alter my own actions and social responses by what I assume they would think appropriate for me to do. I think of myself as lesser, as a creep, as something that doesn't fit in. It has driven me to contemplating suicide almost daily and has drained meaning from my life. I've become a needy,nervous bitch of a man; exactly how they had presumed I'd turn out. 

I haven't talked about this before, sorry if it comes across a little dramatic. 




 For Emma,Forever Ago-Bon Iver. Especially the song "The Wolves", gets me every time. 




