




 I wouldn't really know what to say to help since I tend to suffer from the same type of crippling social anxiety. I try not to think about it on the grounds that there's nothing I can do about something that's already been done and that thinking about it will only do me harm. 




 On the contrary, I have a very healthy relationship with my dad. He is the reason for my introduction into geekery. When I was kid, I would stay up late with him to play Super Mario World or watch Batman movies. I don't see him very much now that I'm away from home though. 




 Somehow, this doesn't surprise me. Every time someone doesn't use their turn signal, I want to kick them in the face. Especially when it ends in me needing to slam the brakes on the highway because they think it's ideal to merge directly in front of a car without signaling. 




 Get drunk.

The sad thing is that that really is the only time when I feel like I'm not being suffocated by my own introspection. 




 "Deoxygenated blood is actually blue cause our veins are blue too."
"Aren't eggs a dairy product?"
"Can penguins fly? I mean, they have wings."

All by the same girl in my introductory logic class. And I'm going to a supposedly "good" school.

EDIT: I forgot another one from my biology course. "If saliva breaks down starch, then why is it that a fry doesn't just disappear when I lick it?" I don't know. It's a close tie for whichever one's more stupid. 




 I promise I wasn't burned in a fire. I'm definitely okay-looking.

It's not like I seek out men that ignore me. It's more like they show an interest in me and then immediately drop into "I don't care anymore" mode once I express interest back. Not really sure why that happens. 




 I gotta finance my 'Vette though. 




 More like /r/shittyadvice. I don't really get how it's the business of my friends to know what my SO thinks about my body.. \: 




 I was a little puzzled about that too. Most of the excuses would always be things like "I have a headache" or "I'm too tired" or "I'm already tired from studying for orgo/chem. Not tonight." Guess that's what happens when you go to a school where most of the students are pre-med. 




