  He was trapped in the worlds own "North American Champions League". NaCl.

My sides. 




 r/dota2 apparently doesn't have a sense of humor. 




 And actually it completely counts. If that had been ranked, you would have lost MMR because of that game. And intentional feeders are far more prevalent in lower "trenches" than above 4 or 5k. 

If I play 10 games in a day in the high 2k/low 3k bracket, it's almost a 100% chance that I will lose 1 or more games due to a feeder, whether it be intentional from the start or feeding from lack of skill, effort or giving up for a multitude of different reasons.

And to take a lighthearted jab at you in jest, I've won games with an intentional feeder on my team. If you're so good, why couldn't you? Just saying. 




 I don't think people above 4k actually realize how the 2k bracket works.

If you're playing a carry and you're farming, 70% of the time you will be flamed for not participating in the minute 10 team fights your team is stupidly engaging in, 50% of the time resulting in a teammate giving up and playing even worse.

If you're playing mid and you don't gank side lanes immediately upon hitting level 6, especially if a sidelaner dies once, 60% of the time you will be flamed and that member will give up.

If you're supporting and your carry dies you get flamed, even if its a 2v3 engagement and it was his stupidity that got him killed, and he gives up.

From what I've read, yes this happens above 4 and 5k, but it happens FAR more often in lower "trenches". I would actually bet money and highly doubt a 5k could take my account and win 10 games in a row just based on the fact that if you don't play like your teammates think you should, they give up and it basically becomes 4v6 or even worse 3v7, because the member(s) that stopped trying are essentially dead weight and benefiting the opposing team more than your own. 

 




 You're fine. What is your MMR, just curious?

Also dotabuff for that game, because it's easy to lie over the internet ;) 




 * http://i.imgur.com/0yhhlXx.jpg

* http://i.imgur.com/3fTaDH8.jpg

Graduated in 2012. I can't find the source, but IIRC we were ranked #36 in the country in academic level for public high schools. We were the #1 high school, both private and public, in Ohio.

To graduate with Honors you had to meet 7 out of 8 requirements. The only requirement that I didn't meet was GPA. Examples of other requirements were a passing grade in Physics AA or higher (passed AA with a D) and Calculus AA or higher (passed AA with a D), and certain amounts of other credits (for example I took Photography and Digital Imaging for an extra Fine Arts credit).

I found out three days before graduation that I was graduating. And with Honors! My senior year I was less than 10 recorded absences away from failing the entire year. 

 




 Just tried to find a match for the first time today, spent 10 minutes looking for a server.

Are they fucked again? 




 I bet you play on US East. 




 Yeah it's either AJ or Whitworth, as said below. But neither of them really have any misconceptions. 

Honorable mention to Kevin Huber, top 3 punter in the league. 




 Reply to this comment so I see it 




 Do it then. 1 person doesn't win a game. If so, if you calibrated to 3k then you would win every single match until you got back up to whatever MMR you are now.

Do it if you're so confident.  




 I'm already the best person on my team every game. And in most games, the whole lobby.  




 I played as Sniper with a pocket Omni yesterday. It was essentially 3v5 because the Slark fed and Huskar got butthurt that Omni prioritized me over him (Huskar was pretty garbage) and spent the rest of the game afk farming instead of helping team fight. 

We actually would have completely won if Huskar hadn't have given up. DP pops ult, Husk and I both ult her, dead DP, no push. They had one or two lanes of racks at 30 minutes, and me and pocket Omni were staving off their final pushes every time, but as I was maybe 500 gold from a Rapier (which probably could have won us the game) I finally died, had to buy back and they took the final racks. Sniper and SF are both incredibly overpowered right now.

http://www.dotabuff.com/matches/1320883650 




 My volume was up much too high for that.

RIP ears. 




  they must be doing something else better than you that allows them to win games and get to that MMR.

Yeah their team probably carried them to their wins. I'm at 3k and I'm consistently top 2 best players in the lobby. The ONLY thing that keeps me from winning every game is the rest of my team. If I'm mid, my side lanes feed. If I don't play mid, the mid loses and their SF goes 18-0 and we lose in 28 minutes (and before you say you should have ganked the SF, I try to. If the mid sucks, it's incredibly difficult to execute a proper gank). Couple that with people in 3k still thinking if you're mid you should be ganking at 4 minutes and "wtf why would I gank mid that's your job", and you can see the issue.

I've analyzed plenty of my own replays, and while yes there are mistakes that I make, very few of them are game-changing in any way. 

I'm not sitting here saying I'm perfect, but MMR is not an accurate representation of skill in any way. If it were, it wouldn't be a static +/- 25 based solely on win/loss. It would be based on player performance. 1 person can't win a game every time. Yeah you can snowball and give your team the best possible odds, but 1 person will not consistently win a team-based game.  




  If you're on the same team with them (and at similar MMR), it's likely you're also "legit clueless"

That's actually completely not true. It took me 10 minutes to explain to a South American yesterday that certain abilities (in this instance Culling Blade and aghs Laguna Blade) pierce spell immunity. And I'm at 3k. Or the stupid amounts of MoM Slarks I see every other day.

I've lost every game since calibration on this account (roughly three weeks of playing) that I don't play mid. It's obvious at the end of the game that I'm the best player, I have the best gpm, xpm, KDA, etc. regardless of win or loss. So I need to be in a core role, because a good core carrying shit supports will win games way more often than a good support supporting shit carries. 

 It's likely that person you think is clueless does something well that you do poorly.

Yeah, feeding. 




 I'm still hoping Zim comes back to us. 




 Can confirm. Completely blew off high school, graduated with a 2.2 GPA and Honors status from one of the top 50 public high schools in the country.  




 DIET Mountain Dew? That shit is disgusting. 




 Single player games tend to bore the hell out of me, so if I want to have any semblance of fun playing a video game it has to be multiplayer. Call of Duty used to be my crack, but it's since gotten boring. I've logged more hours on Dota 2 than I'm proud to admit, and I'm being completely honest when I say this, the only thing that makes me stop playing this game is the fucking South Americans. I'd been playing for basically the past 12 hours, with a couple breaks to eat and watch a couple episodes of something, and I just closed Dota because I lost 50 mmr because of fucking South Americans.

The game is beautiful. The players are the worst thing in the entire world. I keep coming back because I love the teamwork aspect and all of the crazy mechanics, and keep getting turned completely away because of third worlders. This game would be perfect without a toxic community (South Americans). 




 .papyrus 




 ITT: No Bengals flair because we have no idea who our best player is.

 




 I attended the Hall of Fame Football Camp one summer during high school and met Anthony Munoz. Awesome guy, fun camp. Was a great thing to be a part of. 




 There are 5 posts almost in a row about people signing to or expected to become a member of the Bills.

When did the Bills become a destination for anyone? 




 Get out of bed is a cheap answer and I'll not let someone take top comment karma for it.

:) 




 My elementary school used E, S, U and some other letter. Maybe N or X.

Excellent, Satisfactory, Unsatisfactory, and I never actually got the 4th one so I don't remember what it stood for but it wasn't good.  




 This is what's getting upvoted in this sub these days? Christ it's gone downhill. 




 Servers have been shit since September. Valve isn't gonna fix it because even though people will complain about it, they won't stop playing. 




 The point is that money is used by ultra-wealthy individuals and corporations/organizations to influence political legislature. And that's not okay, considering the politicians are supposed to be acting in the interest of the masses, not just the 1%.

It boils down to if you were a senator or congressman, who would you support? Ten million people who gave you nothing, or one person who gave you ten million? This is a capitalist society where money rules everything. And it's fucked up. 




 Actually it puts them 14th in 2014.

https://www.opensecrets.org/orgs/list.php?cycle=2014 




 That was just one example because the Koch Brothers were the topic of discussion. I disagree with all money in politics. 




 The Koch Brothers contributed over $10 million to political campaigns in 2014 alone. Yeah, they're pulling a lot of strings. 




 The most harmful thing about marijuana is being caught with it by any type of authority that doesn't allow it.

Other than that, it's safer for you than alcohol in the sense that too much alcohol has the potential to make you extremely sick or dead, whereas if you smoke too much weed you'll eat an entire box of Pop Tarts and fall asleep on your couch watching That 70's Show. 




 When I was barely a week or two old, my psychotic aunt took fingernail clippers to my nails thinking she was doing my mom a favor. From what I heard, all 10 of my fingers were bleeding by the end of it, and to this day I have a fingernail chewing compulsion to where my fingernails are never longer than my actual finger.

This made me cringe. Well done. 




 It'll be either Seahawks/Steelers or Patriots/Eagles imo. 




 [Emalkay - Fabrication](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Ip79C4glyA)

[Cheeky D - Everything Is Under Control (ReepR Remix)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJp-bNSTplE)

[Cookie Monsta - Bliss](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RLDrlqNRBY)

[Krome and Time - The License (Doctor P Remix)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYZwf6UmhjM)

[NiT GriT - Malfunction](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgZEDwLw0Z4) 




 Bro-step 




 We now go live to Ollie Williams with the blackie weather report. Ollie?

*IT'S RAININ' SIDEWAYS* 




 Don't we always have a ton of cap space to work with, but the front office just doesn't utilize it well? We're never the team making big moves. 

Yeah we just signed AJ Hawk, but even though he's a recognizable name, it's not like he's top 5, or really even 10, at his position. 




 The Colts have won the AFC South all but 4 times since '02.

In 5 years, that number will be 5 at highest. 




 For only 2 years though? And he's getting up there in age. 

I'm surprised I had to scroll this far to see a Bengals flair though. Initially I thought we would be one of the front-runners for him, but hopefully we're looking to grab someone younger. 




 We know what we're doing (by we I mean the Bengals organization, *not* the fanbase), we're putting faith in him. Whether or not that's the right decision will be figured out in the next few seasons. I'm always one of the first to criticize Dalton but he's led the Bengals to the playoffs more in 4 years than Carson Palmer did in 7, with comparable weapons.

Cutler's been around since '06, Dalton only since '11. 

You also have Tannehill in Tier 6 even though he's started 3 seasons and hasn't seen playoffs once. 

Not trying to nitpick super hard, but just saying.  




  Tier 6 (We go to the playoffs with this guy)

Considering Dalton's led us to the playoffs 4 years in a row, even though we didn't make it past the first round he should still be Tier 6. This year's loss wasn't his fault, we were missing our first 3 or 4 string WRs. 




 FUCK YOU I WON'T DO WHAT YOU TELL ME 




 336,072 




 Best against Medusa though. 




 I love to lane against Kunkka as Nyx. Even though the Carapace cooldown is longer than Tidebringer, if you get your timings right you're in for a lane of lols. 




 I completely lost it at that point. +1 




 Hello! I'll be in Las Vegas this coming week for the first time and love beer. Suggestions?  




 Troll a problem in team fights? Pick Omni.

Troll a problem for split pushing? TP 2 heroes to tower and kill him/counterpush.

He's not broken. 




 Lydia is a fucking bitch. 




 3k. Nothing spectacular. But the second I get BoTs, whether it's early or late, I turn my focus to getting kills. Even TP'ing in at the last second to get a rocket kill is a huge boost for your team.

It seems to me at least that tinker isn't just a solo hero any more, he does rely on the team around him. I don't think that makes him bad, it just reduces the stomp factor. 




 Valve would probably do this. 




  if someone ganks you before travels and take your stack, you've almost lost the game singlehandedly for your team as you're now a liability during his most effective window, he falls off a lot, and to catch up you have to vacuum your carry's farm.

That's true for almost any traditional mid hero. Gank the sniper, gank the viper, gank the zeus, gank the storm, etc. Just because there are ways to counter him doesn't mean he's bad.

Maxing Q/W in lane is extremely strong against most heroes. I've gotten more kills then I can count because of a rocket to drop them a tad, wait for it to come off CD (this works best against mids that don't run bottles), laser, rocket, rearm, rocket. It's definitely not as easy as it was before, but in my personal opinion he isn't bad. 




 Tinker just relies on a team moreso now than he did before. He's also not supposed to be a carry, he's a core. There's a difference. March spam defending T3's is still not something to be underestimated.

I'm 12-4 in my last 16 games as tinker. Granted, this is on my smurf account so many of the games were against lower skilled players, but really he's not fundamentally different from a Viper mid. Viper falls off late game, but it's his participation in the 2-3 hero ganks/skirmishes in the 15-30 minute range that can give your team an advantage. The way I played him, I would almost stop farming creeps altogether and consistently solo kill the heroes I was able to. This frees up farm for our hard carry, gives me ~400 gpm if I get two kills a minute (which shouldn't be hard unless you're losing or the enemy team picked a lineup that groups up early mid game and pushes), and sets the opposing team back on farm and levels because I'm constantly killing 2 of them.  

Tinker was almost always weak late game. BKB completely countered him. He's a hero now that can still stomp in the hands of a skilled player, but not everyone can pick him and win a game solo. He was overpowered before the eblade/march nerfs, but I actually think he's balanced now.  




 It takes a lot more skill to be a dominating tinker after the march nerf than before. While that doesn't necessarily change pro play as much, it destroyed him in pubs. 




 My winrate as tinker is higher than any hero. He's not a bad and weak pick, but these days you can't take over a game like you used to be able to. I would go something like 30-2 in a 40 minute game before the eblade/march nerf because I had BoT, SR, Blink, Dagon1, Bottle before 20 minutes from ancient stacks and that's enough burst damage to fuck almost anyone over anywhere on the map at that time. I would just pick off supports for the next 5 minutes, get my eblade or Dagon5 and then I was near unstoppable.

You can't easily do that any more, so tinker is less of a mid-game dominator and relies more on his team for assistance. It doesn't make him bad, it just makes him less of a snowball hero.

 




 The age of dagon/eblade ended with the nerf to march and eblade. Don't remember exactly what patch that was though.

Although I still play it occasionally. The projectile on eblade wasn't even a huge nerf, you can still 100-0 someone if you just blink on top of them, eblade and light them the fuck up, depending on the hero of course.  




 This needs to be answered. 




 We need the best DE available imo.  




 Did anyone else think that said RTZ and got extremely confused? 




 [Bengals over Broncos 23-10 Monday Night Oct 25th 2004](http://www.pro-football-reference.com/boxscores/200410250cin.htm) 




 Andy Dalton 




 Bengals have 2 SB appearances plz edit 




 Jeremy Hill. The guy only started maybe half the games last year but put up really big numbers for a rookie. If all of Cincinnati's offensive weapons stay healthy, he could get a lot of room to work with and put up even bigger numbers. 




 They've been the Redskins since the 30's, if I'm correct. Nobody said a word about it before last year.

It's not even an issue, it's just people causing drama to cause drama. 




 Why not? 




 But not doing any serious damage you know. 




 See you in a month. 




 I've never tried it. Do you Dc and then leave game? Or is that option not even there? 




 Because DotA servers are currently really shit. Especially the US ones. 




 I used to play CM carry when I first started out. Tranqs, Dagon, RoA, BKB, Blink, Eblade/Veil. Shit was disgusting. 




 Use bear as distraction...new meta 




  People in this MMR do not have trouble farming adequately

At almost 3k? Oh yes they do. Not all, but a very generous percentage stop cs'ing as soon as 15 minutes hits. It's not uncommon at all to see a 40 minute game end with only 2 heroes above the 150 cs mark.

 




 [Top lols](http://i.minus.com/iSRBcJtdLyQxr.gif) 




 valve plz 




 Lol it wasn't someone in the game, the servers just choked on a massive dick for everyone. 




 Blink, TP scroll/BoTs, Force Staff.

I'm saying Force Staff because positioning is key throughout any stage of the game, especially post late game when items don't necessarily matter as much and it all depends all team play. 




 I play the game because I like playing the game. The items are cool, but since they provide nothing other than cosmetic value and no advantage for my hero mechanically, I'm not butthurt that I'm not getting any.

And you shouldn't be either, considering it's completely free to play. 




  What if players **had** to vote

No. It should be optional. 

 




 First punter in post season history to throw a TD pass? Is that really true? 




 First punter in post season history to throw a TD pass? Is that really true? 




 Commence breaking of reddit. 




 Woah, this thread is making reddit implode harder than Wilson. 




 Just got to this game thread. The fuck is happening out there? 




 What song is this? 




 Since nobody mentioned it: Gladiator 




 Don't forget Poorly Drawn Lines! 




 We need another solid CB to replace Newman. Dennard is looking promising, but another definitely wouldn't hurt. 




 Uh, he just finished his 4th year and still hasn't fixed his overthrowing problem. That's a pretty big deal.  




 This wasn't on Andy. We were missing 5/6 of our top receivers for this game. This game came down to Marvin Lewis proving once again he's incapable of winning big games, and also our D Line not being able to pressure Andrew Luck, resulting in the Colts offense to execute whatever they wanted. Andy didn't play spectacular, but this loss isn't on him. 




 It isn't all his fault. Yes he overthrows, that's the only consistent thing he's done in 4 years, but we were also missing 5 of our receivers. This game came down to the coaching staff, 90% Marvin Lewis, once again proving they are incapable of winning big games and our defensive line not being able to put any pressure on Luck, which allowed their offense to basically do whatever they wanted. I'd say this loss was only 20% Andy's fault. 









 Their win just made our playoff chances easier. While I'm not one to root for the Steelers in almost all situations, the win did us a favor if you look at playoff implications over the next two games of the season. 

Do I think we CAN win both games? Yes I do. We have the tools and we have the talent to pull out the wins. Do I realistically think we WILL? No. It will be a pleasant surprise if we do, but the coaching staff just isn't good enough. Look at this year's primetime games and games against top teams. We get behind early due to lack of preparation, abandon the run, and rely on the under pressure side of Dalton's passing to get us back into the game. And then we get stomped to the tune of 43-17 (Patriots Sunday Night), 27-0 (Colts), 42-21 (Steelers), 24-3 (Browns on Thursday Night) because he is not the elite quarterback that wins you games.

If we lose both games and still make the playoffs, you have the Steelers to thank. Just saying. 




 This game was atrocious. The ONLY good thing about this game was Marvin's call in the last 30 seconds that saved us from losing. Everything else was an absolute shit show.

Dalton showed us once again how much he can choke. Our defense, albeit being quite talented, missed multiple tackles and interceptions that ended up leading to big plays for TB. The offensive playcalling was better, but we fell into the same trap at the end where we were extremely predictable. There were also many stupid and unnecessary penalties, though the ones on Green and Newman were definitely questionable. 

We did not win because we were the better team. We won because we got lucky that Tampa Bay shot themselves in the foot harder than we did. If there is anything to take from this game, it's that the Bengals are still the same inconsistent team that can squeak out victories against sub-par teams and get stomped by good ones (Patriots, Colts).

I will be genuinely surprised if we don't end up 8-7-1. 




 These teams prioritized drafts that were aggressive early and had the main priority of taking down towers while simultaneously being good at defending their own. Their mindset was to get an advantage before their opponent, capitalize on it, and snowball to the point where they either took the Ancient or built an advantage so large that the enemy team essentially would just give up. It was objective gaming. The object of Dota is to destroy the enemy Ancient while also defending your own, not to farm heroes for 60 minutes.

If you're playing for five million dollars, are you going to play the game like Call of Duty and just kill everyone on the map, or are you going to play to win?

Quit crying. 




 Noticed this in both games I've played today, that when I pick a hero and go into a game I'm unable to open the shop or left click on the mini map to move the view around. I have to completely exit and restart dota in order for it to work correctly, and this has never happened to me before.

Anyone else experiencing this?

edit: I've spent time before the games watching TI4 replays, as someone mentioned below that it can be caused by spectating. In queue for a game currently, haven't watched a replay since last restarting dota so I'll update after I find a game.

edit2: Seems the big is indeed caused by watching replays. I don't want to say it's caused by spectating, as I've spectated live games in the past directly into a game and it hasn't happened.  




 In the jungle, if you wanted to maximize efficiency from Midas, does it matter which creep in a camp you use it on? For example early game in a Satyr camp, using it on one of the smallest satyr's will definitely give you more gold than just killing the satyr, but would the time taken to kill the biggest satyr normally instead of midas'ing it vs. the smallest satyr to get to the next camp outweigh that? Same goes with the wildwing's or wolves, do you want to Midas the main creep or one of the two smaller ones? 

And as far as experience goes as well, would you want the 2.5x from any particular creep or am I just thinking into this too deeply?

 




 IG, Vici, Newbee, they're rolling over teams with their massive amount of early push and most teams are just letting them do it. 

Shadow Shaman is the core hero in this strat, and yet I haven't seen him be first phase banned in any of the games so far. I can understand not giving up a Doom or Dire Lyan, but teams are also still first phase banning Batrider against Chinese teams that hardly pick him. 

And when they do first pick SS, why are teams not 2nd phase banning a DP? Unless you draft a lineup specifically tailored to defending a tower against BOTH of those ultimates at the same time, they're just going to take each tower uncontested, have more gold than you and end the game in 30 minutes because they're playing objectively. BKB doesn't stop the physical damage from both of their ultimates, if you're fighting into that you need to have a significant advantage or else you'll get ran over, and that's exactly what's happening.

The metas are different for each region. Heroes are valued differently in each region. Yes, it's starting to mix now that teams from different regions are playing each other a lot, but to me it just seems that Asian teams are drafting and banning significantly better. It seems that EU teams are drafting against Asia teams based on the EU meta, and that's not exactly what you want to do. Another example I can think of is constantly giving Universe his tidehunter, which is what wins EG a big percentage of their games. 

Thoughts?  




 Well that was fast. 




 Just downloaded whatever game client update they just implemented, and I'm trying to select the hero for the three votes. When I select a hero, it shows up in the box and then disappears and goes back to the "select hero" option.

This happening to anyone else? I've closed and re-open dota and it's still doing it.

edit: Just checked the client update post and noticed it was indeed confirmed as a bug. Carry on. 




 To preface this, I live in US East. When I'm awake between the times of 6-10 AM, not many people are playing DOTA on US East servers so it can take upwards of 10 minutes to find a game. My ping to EU West is under 150, so sometimes I queue there to get faster games. 

How the fuck do people play on this region? In the 15 or 20 games I've actually played on this region without fail at least 3 of the 9 other players do nothing but troll and flame the entire game. You don't even have to do anything to them, they'll just start flaming you for no reason. At least on US East you actually have to make some hostile action or comment to initiate the flame war.

What's more surprising is that I've always thought that EU players were supposed to be more skilled than US players. I'm no pro, I'm around 3k and the 3k players on EU play like players I've seen under 2k on US. Some of my games yesterday morning were played with some of the worst players I've ever had the misfortune of playing with. 

I know a lot of people, myself included, rag on US servers for having south americans ruin games, but your EU servers are ruined by your very own Europeans.

What keeps you from smashing your computer monitors every time you connect to a game? 




 In the final results screen after a match you can commend or report, is there any way to commend or report after you've disconnected? I just played a game where I wanted to commend a couple people but habitually clicked out of it before I remembered. 




 Was playing a game earlier against a PL that was able to farm a lot more securely than myself, and we already had ways to deal with his illusions so instead of getting a BF I got BKB Basher (was up against a lion tide and shadow shaman) and was repeatedly told by my teammates than I was an idiot and BF is way better. 

We ended up winning after their Tide abandoned and a few big team fights because of my BKB, avoiding Ravage and their massive amount of disable, but did I make the wrong decision? From what I've heard BF is a farm accelerator, I already built a midas and there was no way even with a BF I was going to outfarm the PL, so I got items that helped me take fights immediately. 

Thoughts? 




 Does anyone know what games are featured in the BTS intro? When the commentators yell "He's still alive" and "They're all dead" etc. 




 When you're killed, say the enemy has a mythical sword and a couple uncommon cosmetics equipped; how does it decide which item is highlighted under their portrait? Is it by rarity, random or what? 




 Aside from the internet bill you already pay, this game is completely free. Yes, there are an endless amount of things you can buy but you are not REQUIRED to buy anything. 

That being said, I would be more than willing to pay 5 dollars a month if that's what it took for Valve to implement region locked servers. Maybe not even all of the servers, you could leave the US West/East how they are, but people who choose to pay get a server called US Locked where you can only join if your IP is actually in the US for example. 

I love the teamwork and strategy and everything that goes into this game, and when three out of my four other teammates can't even speak the language of the server they're on it really just ruins the experience. And I know that is true for multitudes of other players in this game.

This would probably lead to longer queue times and bigger gaps in individual MMRs between players in games, as I know it will probably be the minority who would actually pay for it, but I'd rather wait an extra couple minutes for a game than get one in thirty seconds that is full of South Americans.

Thoughts?

Edit: Looks like half this subreddit got their cereal pissed in this morning.  




 Not sure if this is intended, or if I'm doing something incorrectly, but I was playing a game as Enigma yesterday, had my Soul Ring in my inventory and when I would click, hold, and drag to swap it to another slot in my inventory it would activate it. I've never seen this happen before with any items, not Treads or Phase or Mek or anything.

I played a game with Tinker a little bit later and don't think I noticed it happening, although I was sleep deprived at that point and maybe I just didn't move the soul ring or didn't notice it happening. Thoughts? 




 I know a little bit about how to draft and run them and when, but if anyone has a good explanation or a handy link they might be able to throw my way that would be much appreciated!  




 Is this intended? Got LP the other night because I got kicked from a game, couldn't reconnect, had to abandon. Played through a LP game where a few people abandoned, but my team won and I didn't get credit for the win but I figured it was because of the abandons. But just now I won a game with no abandons or anything, and didn't get credit for the win.

The tooltip only says "match-making". Does Low Priority not count as "match-making", or is this some kind of bug?  




 Like how you can watch the D2CL, etc. in-game, can you do the same with TI4? 




 When you physical attack with a Deso in your inventory, does the debuff get applied before that first instance of damage or is the attack damage applied, and then the Deso debuff applied? 









 So I abandoned one game because the captain was a troll and picked 5 hard carries while laughing at us the whole time, and my computer froze during another game later and I got an abandon for that so now I'm in low priority. It said I have 5 games remaining, but I've played through 2 so far and it still says 5.

Anyone know why this is? 




 Is this true? Granted, he can't carry as hard super late game with equal farm as a Spectre or Anti Mage maybe, but if the average game time is around 40-50 minutes, isn't he still a very viable option provided he can actually get the farm? Whenever I try to pick him in CM there's always someone telling me he isn't a hard carry, but when I play him I go solo offlane and usually build AquilaPhaseSnYDeso/Diffusal/Butterfly/MKB and can literally 4 or 5 shot supports. And his ult reveals invisibles, and provides movement speed and extra gold for the whole team.

Thoughts? 




 Dotabuff, I'm Weaver: http://dotabuff.com/matches/579545847

I was the captain too! Solo offlane weaver, lion TP'd up a couple times for a gank because they were pushing the lane really hard and after a couple kills and a quick linken's and even quicker butterfly it was over. 

I just wish I could do this in all pick or even captain's mode really. Nobody ever trusts me when I want to solo lane a weaver, even though some of my best games in unranked pubs were weaver mid. 

Kind of also looking for feedback though, I played a pretty flawless game but it wasn't perfect, if some dota pro's in here have some advice for me I'd gladly accept it!

hashtagroadoutof2.4kMMR 




 So Mask of Madness causes you to take additional damage according to the tooltip. How does this work in conjunction with items like Blade Mail, or passives like Centaur's Return? Because you are taking more damage via the MoM, will you be dishing out more damage as well or does it not work that way? 




