 Sorry I rushed it 



















 How much dose weight fluctuate? Dose it depend on the person? It seems like I gain 3 lbs. here and lose 2lbs. There and I'm trying to lose weight not gain it. 

















































 Is his name zack by any chance ? 









 What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the NAvy Seals, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I'm the top snuper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with my precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak, I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't and now you're paying the price you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're fucking dead,  



















 How do you stop shin splints from hurting or how do you prevent from getting them I don't know why but I get them pretty bad to point were I can't walk. 














 I was wondering if there are benefits to running in the cold,I have recently just started running and it seems easier for me when it is cold outside. 




 What do protein shakes really do after a workout and should I take them in the morning or should I even be drinking them if I'm trying to lose weight? 




 How do you feel after the first couple of days after cutting all the foods you love that aren't so healthy out of your diet? And is it possible to get withdrawals from soda? 




 Iam currently struggling with my weight and I started to get control of it by joining my schools lacrosse team,but some days I just feel like giving it up and saying I don't care how I look when  I am truly lying to myself and I have gone on so many diets and list weight only to gain it all back and I know the   bullying at my school won't stop unless I lose weight.so if you could comment what motivates you to keep going. 









 Daddy knitted you a sweater buttercup! 









 http://i.imgur.com/AiAeQyU.gif 



















 FAQ? 









 http://i.imgur.com/5fNiu.gif 














 http://youtu.be/JrZ2WuPnQ-M 




 http://youtu.be/JrZ2WuPnQ-M 



















 They are actually the best chip I have ever put on my taste reseptores it's like an angle pooped in my mouth. 














 Yup 



















 http://imgur.com/6rmUN 
























 It looks lighter in person rather than in a photo so I guess it was just the lighting 



























































