 That made me cringe... Wh-w....Why?? 









 Gorgeous!! I think you did a really good job with this(: 




 **I SWEAR TO THE BALD EAGLE IF THIS ISN'T FIXED SOON I'M MAKING MY OWN MURICA SUBREDDIT! BRING BACK FREEDOM MOTHER FUCKERS!!** 




 **NOTHING *IS* UNTIL IT IS FOR AMERICA, YOU DAMN COMMIE!** 




 *applause* 




 Thank you aswell. As a Christian who is also quite liberal, I get nervous telling people about my religion because I'm worried that they will react like someone from /r/atheism . People like you make it less scary and remind me that I'm part of a wonderful community, even if we have a few nut jobs, like every other religion.

I know that this is all talk because you don't believe, but I do hope you find God someday. I hope this doesn't come off as pushing my faith on you, but I know that He loves you. I hope you have a wonderful life full of prosperity and happiness. 




 Oh, whoops. I thought I had a shitty theology teacher. Carry on. 




 I think you did the right thing. If there was nothing you or she could have don,e there's no reason for telling her. 




 Link:  http://www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/comments/1bd9xl/its_the_last_day_of_march_and_this_battery_just/ 




 Blasphemy is when one claims that he/she is God, so... no. 




 Texas gets hit twice? I'm fucked.

EDIT:  Typo 




 Link:  http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1b8ky3/when_your_kid_finds_your_beard_trimmer/ 









 Drop your vowels a bit. When in choir, you make all you're vowels very "tall" or "proper" sounding. If you simply relax your tone, you should get more of a pop sound, or whatever you're looking for. If that doesn't work for you, practice saying one line by itself three times. Then say the same line three times in rhythm. Then sing it, trying to match how you said it, but to the correct tune. It should provide a more relaxed and spoken sound.

I hope this helps! 




 Right, but he was 61 at the time and didn't need any hospitalization (or at least didn't receive any), so it was definitely less. 




 I was twelve, and I tried to bleed out. I cut my wrist, but I didn't fully understand just how far I had to go. Eventually I got to weak from crying, etc. to keep trying, and I gave up waiting for another day.

I also tried ODing once, but again, was too young to know just how much one must consume to actually die. I only took six (maybe more, I don't really remeber) dayquils, but that's all I really had access to. Another time I took what was left of a bottle of Excedrin migraine (like 30 pills or so). I thought I would get high, pass out, etc., but I just got sick. I mean, really, really sick. No pain relief at all, just my stomach felt like absolute hell. I decided to throw up as much of it as I could. That time I think wasn't actually a suicide attempt, but really stupid that I could have possibly died from, since I was 12 or 13.

I'm one of those people that believes everything happens for a reason. I think I went through my suicidal phase so young, because I didn't have a full grasp on just how to take ones life. Now I just have to hope that I don't go threw another one.

Hope this answers your question(: 




 Nice repost. 




 They probably do. I know people that do this, and they think it's not obvious. It is. 




 Oops, sorry, I don't know what I was thinking there. I meant more like 1.5ish. Woah, I honestly don't know why I put that... 




 This isn't for advice animals. Go to a subreddit like /r/confessions or something. 




 Wow, that's amazing! I saw her in Les Mis in Fort Meyers, and I had heard so much about and of her. She is truly an amazing performer. It's great to hear that she's an awesome person as well.

Thanks so much! Hope unifieds went well(: 




 I have a very similar situation. My dad is a slight alcoholic, so whenever anyone I know / am around is drunk, I suddenly get scared and nervous. My dad has done very stupid things when he gets drunk, so naturally, I get scared. For example, my freshman year of high school, he actually picked my up raging drunk (like probably 1.5 or higher blood-alcohol level).

It is a naturally feeling to be nervous/uncomfortable with drinking, it just depends on the person. I personally feel like it's just stupid. Why drink something that's going to make your weird and out of control? You shouldn't need anything to have fun, you should just get high off life and enjoy it with a clear mind. It almost turns people into animals, in my mind. They can't actually make good decisions because they're not capable of reasoning. They just do.

And, to be honest, I have taken sips of alcohol from time to time, but only so that curiosity doesn't get the best of me and I get flat drunk. I just sip on it, realize it's gross, and move on. You don't want to risk the curiosity of why people do it getting the best of you.

I personally decide to set myself apart from people whilst intoxicated, and have learned that I can't stop them. It's a hard concept to deal with, and sometimes I get a lot of anxiety about it, but I know that I can't deal with being around that stuff, but I can't stop anyone. It's just one of those things that's completely out of my hands.

I'm sorry that you have to experience this, it's really hard. I honestly wish noone would drink; it's so stupid, and people die everyday from it. You just have to accept that it's a social norm and not much you can do about it, but decide that you're not going to.


Tl;dr   It sucks, and you're feelings are totally normal, but you can only control what you do.

EDIT:  Crazy typo on BAC, fix courtesy of nomopyt 




 What about with the couple? 




 I was at a presentation freshman year of high school with my entire class, and they showed a picture of a Uterus with cervical cancer. The speaker at one point said "Can we get a teacher over here?" We all seriously thought he was going to use female teachers to demonstrate something beyond embarrassing, but it had turned out a girl had passed out and needed to be carried out.

Tl;dr  A girl passed out a picture of cancerous uterus. 




 Can you tell me the story? 




 If you're going to use my single brew Keurig, throw the fucking pod away. It's not my responsibility to throw *your* shit away. 




 This. Yes. 




 Ha, that would have been quite the twist! 




 Well, I'm a she, but I don't know about the other guy. 




 I know, but that doesn't make it any less something he/she made up to whore in karma. 




 I've just gotten back into dance last July since a loong break, and I feel ya. I can tell you're obviously a *very* skilled dancer, but we all have our moments(: Haha, thanks for sharing! 




 I ask that you reread the previous comment. I find your argument invalid.
 




 Pretty sure this is a repost, but, regardless, it's adorable. 




 It's all practice. After you adjust to it more, it will become more natural and easy to control. I'm in the I-Can-Sometimes-Kind-Of-Control-It-Pretty-Well Stage. Don't worry, just keep pushing through. 




 You're somewhat correct. Users are supposed to take annoying, painful, etc. things they find in their daily life and, of course, blame Obama (all jokingly, of course). Redditors are not supposed the make things up, though. It's like if one were to take a picture of a flower, photoshop it to have two "heads," and then posted it to a subreddit like /r/mildlyinteresting. It would be interesting, if it were true. 




 Oh, I was gonna call butterface, but now... 




 It's okay you guys, it just fell off his ID. It can go on! 




 Yes.

When I was in seventh grade, I had a very stupid, very painful falling out with one of my friends, causing me to lose them all. I constantly wanted to disappear from sight and never be seen again.

That's when I decided to go into treatment. Best decision I ever made. 




 Already done. 




 Link:  http://www.reddit.com/r/ThanksObama/comments/1b1jki/not_enough_icing_on_my_oreo_thanks_obama/ 









 You're not alone.

I've been there and still find myself there sometimes. Hang in there. This story made me want to cry because it reminded me that what I feel, too, sometimes is real, but it reminded me that I'm not the only one.

Stay strong. 




 Came here to post that same comment. Thanks for doing it for me. 




 This person warmed my heart that words cannot express. Simply amazing.

Keep fighting, it's worth it. 




 Listen to the song "Beneath a Moonless Sky," it explains it all.

Here's the version I like, but it's hard to make out the words, so you'll have  to look the lyrics.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3V_AWjZgEU 









 Wow, that's amazing!! I usually don't fall for the bright colors, but that is beautiful!! Absolutely gorgeous. 









 Definitely better than Elena Rogers...

But really she is *very* talented. 




 YAY!!! Congratulations!! We're all so excited for you! Please follow up after the school year starts and let us know how it goes! 




 You're amazing! Thanks again(: 




 Thanks so much! 




 Oh my goodness, thank you so much! I really, really appreciate these tips!!
And I knew all the things about the oily skin, but thank you still. My problem is just that I don't hydrate enough during the day. It's a horrible habit that I can't seem to break.

Thank you so, so much (again)!!3 




 Thanks so much for your reply! I have oily, acne prone skin, so I'm inclined to say full coverage, but I'm worried that it'll be too... fake looking I suppose. I normally go with medium coverage, but I probably would prefer a fuller coverage. And I definitely want a matter finish.

Thanks so much!! 




 I'm always buy my makeup at drug stores / target because I'm fifteen and don't really have enough money to invest in good quality makeup. Now I'm very excited because I received a large sum of money for my birthday, and can invest in some good quality makeup! My plan is to go to a Mac store and just get some foundation, powder, simple things that won't use up all the money I received, but I will be very happy with.
So I was wondering if you ladies and gents had some advice for me on what I should buy: favorite products, dos and don'ts, etc.

Thank you so much!
xx 




 Found the link!
http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1aenk5/a_friend_of_mine_moved_into_a_former_drug_house/ 




 Not interested. Gerard Butler was a God awful Phantom... 




 Wow, that's an amazing story. Very inspiring. Thank you so much for sharing. 




 As a teen whose waiting for marriage, I'm honestly afraid that once I fully enter the "dating world," I'll be rejected for my choice to wait. I know that if he isn't willing to wait either, I should be strong in my decision, but sex is such a regular thing in relationships now, it terrifies me. I've been told that a relationship isn't a real relationship without sex. That terrifies me... 




 I can't tell you how many times I've gone on facebook before reddit, posted something I saw something to reddit, and then instantly gotten downvoted to hell. 




 It is? Huh, found this on facebook... Someone always beets me too it :/ 









 These are fantastic! I prefer the third, glasses are usually not the best for headshots, in my opinion. Your auditioners want to see your entire face and what their working with. You also look beamingly happy, and it made me feel happier instantly. It was definitely a stand out.

Great photos!! I wish you the best of luck. 




 How stupid are people? 




 I love this one. 




 *applause* 




 If you go to the frontpage and click on "Submit a new text post," it'll let you. 














 Reynaud's is a bitch. That's why we moved to Texas. Invest in a good pair of mittens, they will save you from serious discomfort. 




 The photography isn't great, but as for your work, I think it's very nice. Facial expressions are good and the angles are flattering. Just, as most have said, invest in a better photographer.

Best of luck(: 




 The color white and grey in general (not necessarily together). I don't know what it is, but it will make a man stand out in a very sexy way. 




 Old Spice is fucking delicious. I am instantly more attracted to a guy who wears Old Spice. 




 Oh God yes. This is the sexiest thing a man can wear. 




 Yes. I already find you attractive. 




 I assume (s)he means tighter as in not sagging, but skinny jeans are not the most attractive thing on a guy (though it's usually not a turn off). 




 Damn, girl!! GORGEOUS3 




 I moved to Texas four years ago, things like this don't fase me any more. 




 I'm currently in high school and hoping to wait until marriage to have sex. I know that it is a difficult commitment, but I want to do that for my future husband because I know that he's worth it. I haven't entered a very large dating atmosphere, so I'm worried just in general how that will affect my dating life. Is anyone currently going down this path? Do you have any advice or stories to help me out. All entries are welcome and appreciated.

Thank you! 




 TIL Quakers are still around. 




 I've had a similar situation with "hearing" a voice. I was fourteen and upset about something stupid and I asked something, though I don't remember what, and I felt as if I heard the word "yes." I can't believe it was over something so stupid, but I've heard others say they've heard this voice. I when I found out about others, it helped me believe that I wasn't just a young, hormonal girl, so I thought you might like to know.

Amazing story, made me smile(: Thanks for sharing. 




 Gorgeous! 




 Some people actually believe that... 




 I cannot believe this real... Congrats, femmes françaises! 




 you've never made the front page...

EDIT: Spelling 




 Yeah, before you posted yours. 




 nice repost, asshole 




 nice repost. just saw this on the front page of this subreddit. do you even try? 




 Haha, well sorry I couldn't help you then. 




