 I had an ArmaLite AR-10 pattern .308 gas gun and let me just say the aftermarket parts seemed a lot more geared toward SR-25/LR308 pattern rifles. I was very impressed with the overall quality of the AR-10 but it seems to me the LR-308 pattern may have been the way to go. RRA is, as I understand it, different mags and, through my adventures on the web, the least popular option. 









 Shot placement. Shot placement. Shot placement. 




 Doesn't the accuwedge push the receivers apart basically? I know a little play isn't that big a deal but it seems kinda counterproductive 




 I recently picked up a Core-15 M-4 that I'm slowly building into a coyote rifle, I posted a picture of it somewhat recently should you be interested. Currently the core has a 20" fluted bushmaster varminter barrel that I got a screamin' deal on, but I think that additional heft on the front end is exaggerating the slop between upper and lower. JP tension pin or deal with it? I would appreciate input from people that have used the tension pin or found a similar solution that doesn't involve foam earplugs... 




 when i purchased an almost identical troy rail for my AR-10, it came with a section (maybe two, I can't remember correctly) of rail about 4" in length. I used it way out front for a bipod. Not sure if a company would include it if you didn't purchase the rail separately, though. 





























 What is the french police force trained exclusively on call of duty? "we should equip our sharpshooters with submachine guns" makes sense... 




 Check your local walmart. Mine has boxes of 30 for $9.97.
ZQ SS109 62gr. FMJ for  $0.30 a round. Don't help the gougers out anymore. 




 because I myself am not in my mid 70's... 




 just the mun, gotta figure out how to get ol' johnsby home now... 









 check out that ASStronaut 




 Sorry for the disregard, everyone, stopped at the local hardware store and picked up 3 different o-ring sizes (don't ask me which, i just eyeballed them off the wall basically). Slipped the largest one i got on there nice and tight and, what do you know, slop gone. Thanks for saving me the $35 folks. 
























