 I was pretty excited until I went to the bottom of the Kickstarter page where they mention you cannot alter the files on the USB drive and it only contains a launch.html file that simply causes a browser redirect to a site of your choosing. It's still pretty cool, but it seems like more work than just giving someone a URL on your business card. 




 The fact that Europe allows such extremist protests is ridiculous. Rallies like this will not cause ISIS to lose fanatic supporters in Europe, it'll just go to energize those leaning towards extremism. Free speech is one thing... but allowing rallies by supporters of an organization dedicated to wiping out and terrorizing harmless civilians who don't agree with them? Those 'protests' should be met with an iron fist before extremism takes further root. 




 Pretty crazy. It just goes to show how much of an effect gravity has on the presence of aging. 









 Why is this such big news? The Chinese government is well known to hide information about government/military failures from civilians (though they seem to be improving).  




 But how do we know how big the banana is?!?  




 Yes, in Saudia Arabia and also two cases caught before Spanish volunteers were to travel back to Spain. 




 The worrisome thing to me is that there are already a handful of potential and confirmed cases showing up in well developed countries... countries that have the means to detect the potential cases, isolate them, and treat them if necessary. But there are so many countries that don't really have those capabilities, so it makes me wonder how many have already slipped by elsewhere. 




 I hope they are obliterated by our drones, manned aircraft, and missiles without our soldiers on the ground. How satisfying it will be to whoever pulls the trigger on a large group of these savages after they are spotted during one of the mass executions...

The problem is it's like Vietnam, the combatants can easily blend in. Hopefully when they try to blend in the people who have been run out of their homes with threats of death will return to pull the ISIS rats out of of their holes. 




 They strap you to a rocket and you get to see what everything looks like from 10ft in the air. 




 They accepted and welcomed the Christians being persecuted elsewhere in Iraq. Since they are willing to accept different religions, I don't think race will be a huge issue, and most of those in the regions of conflict aren't too racially distant anyway.

**Edit:** Fixed a word 




 They have my complete respect. They welcome the peaceful oppressed with welcoming arms and also don't treat women like dogs. When the rest of Iraq was falling apart the Kurdish region survived well. They seem to have great decency and high morals. Not to mention great discipline. 




 Lighthouses are really some incredible feats of engineering, especially considering that many of them are very very old. 




 * That your body's immune system is defeating cancerous cells on a daily basis. Chronic stress has been found to lower and/or screw up immune system responses. So your current stress could be killing you... Same goes for stress's effect on heart function.
* For the fame seekers: Statistically you will die without fame, recognition or money.
* If food supplies were disrupted for many months or years due to a catastrophic world event, you would likely not survive.
* One nation attacking another with a nuclear weapon could trigger global retaliation, and if you live in a major population center of the US your city is likely already targeted, and there is nothing you could do about it...
* Mt Rainier is still an active volcano with millions of people within its path of destruction.
* You can be arrested for a crime you did not commit and be sent to prison. It happens fairly often for life sentences and murders, so think of how often it must happen for less severe crimes?
* 1 in 4 people will die of cancer, and most will not know they have cancer until it is too late to effectively treat.
* We're running out of our supply of Helium
* A massive solar storm could erupt that could destroy nearly all electronics. Imagine the chaos... and there is nothing we can effectively do to stop it.
* Bacteria resistant to antibiotics is becoming much more common. If it continues, in the future, things as simple as dental procedures could become deadly.
 




 He was caught putting a handgun into his waistband at a location that was already being staked out for drug activity. He also has an existing criminal record. I imagine the arrest was in part motivated by his recording and exposing the death at the hands of the NYPD... which is incredibly wrong. But I also believe both parties here have some guilt. 




 With so much pollution that shows no major signs of letting up, perhaps natural selection will come into play and result in a nation with individuals more adapted to surviving harsh polluted environments. That'd be kind of cool minus all the sadness and death. 




 I've been programming since I was a teenager, and started out being extremely productive while living with my parents before I transitioned into an adult. At 20 I was hired by a well known and prestigious software company and shipped out from a farm in a rural part of the US to the big city... 

The first few years I was insanely productive pretty much anywhere I worked, at home, at the office, or even at a hotel. But over time I began to lose that motivation, that urge for productivity. I found myself easily distracted, and instead of being excited for the work ahead I merely wished to procrastinate through unnecessary and irrelevant actions. I was burned out.

Several more years have passed. I have a remote work arrangement, so I rented an office that I can work out of that rural part of the US again for 2 weeks a month, while I spend the rest at the company headquarters. One thing that I've begun to realize is that "where" you work is less important than "why" you work. If you find yourself heading to your office and you ask yourself whether you'd rather be doing something else, then the location of that office is mostly irrelevant, because you will likely not be productive.

For me my most productive, and thoughtful times have come after or during socialization. If you are isolating yourself, I think the first step is to try to socialize a bit. Talk to and hang out with friends, spend a few hours just hanging out with the family... If you are like me that will give you a sense of calmness and belonging, and you'll find that you actually want to code and be productive, because your mind feels relaxed. 
 




 So accurate too... because it's a mess. 









 "51st Stater" for Canadians is so perfect. It's not even racist. Totally going to use this on those friends that like to bitch about how much America sucks and how great their oh so wonderful but never flawed Canada is...

It's going to drive them nuts. 




 I bet nobody ever asked her to move to the back of the bus. 




 Is this a high school event?!? Because if it is they really go all out don't  they? A band, spotlights, packed seating, and people actually cheering and getting into it? Looks like they really know how to have fun.
 




 I will make shit appear within your pants! 




 * Horses in the city streets (sounds of horseshoes on the street, neighing, etc)
* The clangs, clatter and squeaks from coaches
* Town-wide noon whistles or bells (still heard in a few towns)
* Paperboys on the street reading headlines
* Cars not being able to start and sputtering
* Steam locomotives blowing off pressure as they sit in the town station
* People loudly calling out for one another in towns when separated
* True physical bells on business doors that ring when they are opened

  









 Fuck RT. 




 So that's where Top Ramen comes from! 




 I think you're failing to give the act of escalation credit. It's escalating, it has in reality been escalating for years (since the Georgia conflict) and it has not shown any signs of deescalation. It'll start with proxy wars, and then when the proxy fighters are depleted the bigger players will start fighting. 




 I hope it can project all the same information as what is delivered on that screen in the cockpit, or that the screen is very modular. What a bummer it would be to be taking on light damage and have your single screen destroyed. 




 Why would sanctions be dropped when they have nothing to do with the Israeli-Palestinian conflict? Russia is still escalating violent tensions in Eastern Europe...  




 "Is your approval rating dropping?!? No worries! Just "urge" some people to do something the populous wants, but you know will not actually get done!!!"

I mean for god sakes this dude is the President and he's 'urging' other politicians to close blatant loopholes in tax law? He's the head honcho... if he was really behind the effort fully, he'd do more. Right? 




 This is bad news for the world. The Russians show no true effort to deescalate the situation, and instead continue to arm and train those perceived to be fighting against Western interests. Meanwhile Western countries are showing no deescalation in their support, training, and potential arming of fighters of Eastern/Russian interests. 

Think about, nobody is going to back down. Things have been getting progressively worse since the Georgia war. Every year more players become involved, and with every passing moment the fighting and hatred seems to intensify across Northern Africa, the Middle East, and Western Europe... If any side backed down they would look weak, and are also more vulnerable to violent actions from those that oppose them.

I truly fear this will continue to spiral out of control until world wide war breaks out within the next few years that is split between influence from the West, The East, and the Far East. It's not showing signs of slowing down, and really, how can it? 




 Because people have jobs and are too afraid of losing those jobs by protesting.  




 Ah yes, brings back memories of that lovely feeling when a larger chunk flies off and lands on bare skin only to erupt into a beautiful sensation of screaming, pain and finally crying. 




 It's what people from /r/shitredditsays are probably like in the real world. 




 Do the Russians really think people will believe that? I wonder how far they'll take this lie. The terrorist/separatist leader himself mentioned on social media his forces shot down a plane... Then he deleted it. If it were hack you'd think he'd deny it profusely. Instead he's just kept quiet because he knows he messed up. 




 TL; DR: WWII causes USSR / USA to turn themselves into massive war machines to fight Axis. Axis is defeated. USSR   USA still primed to fight, each wary of the other fighter. Too scared to fight each other directly, fight each other's influences instead. Fight to be technically superior. USSR burns out after fighting too hard without rest and recovery... Collapses. First Cold War over. 




 Exercise is well known to alter-inflammatory responses, and usually for the better. Strenuous exercise can exacerbate inflammation, so if you have a recent injury that isn't fully healed or an old one prone to abrasion you could be seeing an inflammatory response that's related.

How long have you had them, and is it hard or soft? I don't think you have to worry about anything serious. 




 Cholinergic Urticaria will do this. Up to 10% of younger populations have it, and it's thought to be an allergic reaction to sweat. But if that's the case she'll feel itchy or have a 'pins and needles' sensation across her body.

If it's not itchy it's probably nothing more than an old injury that has become inflamed.
 




 That's usually for generalized swelling, not for localized swelling without a traumatic trigger (like a bee sting, injection, etc).  




 Did you have an injury there in the past? Do you break out anywhere else? 

Is it itchy? 









 I hope you're not responsible for teaching them English. Or... you know... manners. 

 I've mentored them and most of them are fucked up

No doubt! 




 That's easy for someone to say when they are not in the direct position of *caring for them*. Children in Africa don't deserve to starve, but hundreds of thousands do each year. Is it our responsibility to care for them as well? I think a lot of people like using the term "our", but as soon as it becomes "my", then they change their tune.

Also there isn't any direct relevance to that article you posted. You might have as well posted an article about abuse in nursing homes, or sexual abuse of children at the hands of the church. 




 But is it fair to send your children to another country and expect other people to take care of them because you can't or don't want to? 

It's like if you were a couple living on a suburban street with your own child, and you did a great job caring for that child... offering shelter, schooling, health care and great support. Then one day someone from another neighborhood sees you at the park, and later their kids show up at your house.  They don't leave. They say they should stay there because you can provide better for them, and their parents say the same. They are using resources you worked hard for, resources you earned, and yet you are not responsible in any part for there previous life. Would you not kick them out? 




 Nearly 60% of the people living in LA are Hispanic, and the percentage of LA children who are Hispanic is even higher. In a lot of South Western states Hispanics are primed to become the overwhelming majority in the next generations... This is probably an act to help those he feels he should identify with to get votes, and from my observations the majority of Hispanics support illegal immigration. 




 I'm pleasantly surprised at the lack of fedoras.  




 If the people of California approve this and the federal government denies it we know the government is no longer for the people.  









 Software. I started writing and selling my own around 16, then got picked up by a big software company when I was 20. Without any college debt it allowed me to save a lot quickly, and I put it into investments that have given me good returns over the years. 




 Not specific luxury goods or services per say, but I've noticed the following perks related to services... and I'm not really super wealthy, though my path is destined for that through my career (currently in my 20s with a respectable 6 figure salary, and loads of savings and investments). 

* **Better banking and financial service**. My bank put me into their highest/top-level investment tier and also gave me concierge services, along with customer service most people would dream of...

*  **Discounts at well known hotels, retailers and resorts**. These guys know you have money, and once they get a taste they want to bring you back for more. They want you to bring your wealthy friends back with you too. It may seem counter-intuitive, but they often do this by offering wealthy customers big discounts.

* **More respect across many professional services**. There have been a lot of cases where I'm meeting with someone from a company offering professional services (real estate agencies, insurance companies, auto companies, etc) and they change their behavior from 'standard' treatment to 'excellent' treatment when they find out I'm a wealthy potential or existing client. The things they do to fuck over the normal customers don't really happen to me, because I'm such a 'valued customer'. Escalation is also very simple... If they can't get something done at a local branch (like reversing fees, upgrading service, etc) they'll call their manager and make it a point to mention where I work and what I do (not a lawyer!), and things will get resolved quickly. I've also noticed increased respect from law enforcement. I've gotten out of many tickets simply because the officer wanted to talk about my work and my lifestyle, and also mention their dreams regarding investments etc. If I wasn't wealthy, those discussions wouldn't happen, and I'd likely get a ticket.

* **Better/faster seating at lounges and restaurants**. This doesn't happen too often, but I'm inclined to believe it's simply because there aren't many situations where a waitress/seating manager will learn about my wealth and career. But when such situations do occur such as when they are making small talk and asking what I do for a living, I'll notice a change in the service for the better. They'll start actively 'looking around' for seating, or allow me to sit in their special seating areas. I don't think that would happen if I wasn't wealthy... but I could be wrong.

* **People that will do everything for you**. Not one person covering all aspects by themselves, but rather multiple people that have their own specialties. These are not 'unknown' to most people, but I feel as though they are considered unobtainable to many... I'm talking about having gardeners, maid services, personal trainers, personal finance managers, shopping assistants, etc.  




 If you ever become very wealthy in relation to the average working man/woman in your country you'll likely see it first hand as the person on the receiving end of those requests... I'm not super rich by and means, but I'm in my 20s with a 6 figure salary and lots of savings. After news spread amongst friends, old 'friends' and 'distant relatives' began to come out of the shadows. They'd tell me their sob stories about how they needed to make car payments, rent, etc... But in what seemed like 99% of the cases it was the people who felt I owed them just because they asked for it. It's really irritating to have people get angry when you tell them no... It's like they assume money falls into your lap without hard work.

I help friends out with small things, but only if they don't ask. The last time someone asked and I gave them cash, it cost me $5000, and more importantly it cost me a normal friendship. Once people get some money they seem to think they are entitled to more, and so do their friends... It makes things so uncomfortable to me that I've had to inactivate my Facebook at times just because so many people are hinting or blatantly asking for money. 

It has also made me realize that dating will never be normal for me. The moment a girl finds out you're loaded their behavior completely changes and they'll be trying desperately to get your attention, I have yet to see a case where this isn't true. I'm male and young, so it's a great perk, but I still worry about what I may be losing because of it...  




 Well it certainly wouldn't be flowing above it now would it? =) 




 Socially yes. Physically to the environment? No. 




 Depending on the quality of the paint and the surface, paint can EASILY last 100 years without major chipping if it's not in a harsh environment. 

Source: Live on a farm with many buildings from the late 1800s and early 1900s that still have original paint in good condition. Secondary Source: Our town has an 'underground tour' and there is a holding cell below the streets where you can still see 'artwork' scratched into the white paint on the walls. 




 We should cherish this day! For our Supreme Leader graced us with his presence surrounded by smiles of children and widows in his great contribution to the state of our satirical culturing!

 




 Don't worry, my watch says 2:00PM and my breakfast has yet to begin. But you inspired me Buzz Aldrin. I'm going to take multiple small steps up the stairs and one giant leap to my coffee now. 




 I've lived at my current place for 4 years and I have one recliner, a card table, and some folding chairs. Hello fellow bachelor. 




 When did playful become a synonym for possessed?!? 




 Oh, is that all? How is your friend doing without any sleep?
 




 Both men acted respectably here really. This is actually pretty uplifting. The cop never raised his voice, didn't object to the recording, and may very well change his on-duty driving habits because of the truck drivers actions. And the truck driver was respectful and likely made the road a safer place. Win win.  









 It's an enemy of the enemy type of thing... But those interviews they mentioned where they were asked about their affiliations, job history, etc. was probably to root out those which could be considered Islamic extremists.  




 When I rub my skin on my back, neck, or lower abdomen, a waxy/oily substance will roll up into dark little balls. I think it's something called 'sebum' to protect the skin, but I've always wondered if anyone else has the same issue. 




 They are fasciculations... A lot of people have something called benign fasciculation syndrome, and it definitely gives the illusion of worms under the skin. 




 Aaaaannnddd.... I shot myself. 




 We're seeing the same thing during our asset transitions to Real Estate. Another group member recently payed $100k over listing price after a bidding war for a house overlooking Lake Washington... In that case the competitor was another investor from China.

Recently people have just started offering 6% over list price with no escalation, because supply is so low and competition is extremely high. 




 I have a lot of savings and investments and belong to an investment group  of semi-large transaction traders (with a $250,000 asset minimum). Stocks  were off to a very rocky start earlier this year, but have really become a shining light lately. However the general consensus is that it will not last much longer, and upcoming world events may be a strong factor in a general market drop.

I personally believe this is why the House just announced it will be suing the President. Everyone knows what is coming, and people are trying to shift any blame before the house of cards begins to fall.

What is bizarre to me is why there is not a noticeable drop or leveling in the stock markets. Big investors are moving a lot of money out of the stock markets and putting it into tangible assets such as real estate, myself included. In the Seattle area you can actually see when this started to happen by looking at housing supply. The new money maker is rent and property management, but because of so many assets being moved to real estate we're actually creating a bubble in the process.

My suggestion to those without real estate investments is to ensure you have an emergency fund in cash or other tangible assets. It's wise even when the economy is doing well, but common sense when the economy is beginning to falter. 

 




 I don't live in Idaho either. =\

Manufacturing capacity? You mean like all of the big factories the militants in current war zones have? Or all the money they have a hard time finding destination for? Give me a break. 




 Which is worse? To cause some hardship by removing a few genetically unfit from the gene pool? Or to cause widespread hardship many generations from now after centuries of breeding between individuals who fight only for themselves and not society? 




 Well by technological standards the same thing could be said about Afghanistan, Iraq, Chechnya. and Somalia. 

Edit: Oh you're a Californian. Probably an illegal immigrant too. Well if violence ever does break out and we're on opposite sides of a conflict, I hope we meet. *I love you* 









 Idaho and California. Even though they are separated by multiple states, Idaho has some of the highest gun ownership rates (~60%) in the United States and it also has a population that aggressively hates federal and far reaching governments. Idaho is full of militias. Meanwhile California is staunchly liberal and forceful in telling people what to do. They also have rampant illegal immigration problems.

Idaho based militias would attack targets in California, retreat to the mountainous Idaho terrain, and then trigger a war in the region that would end up pulling in Montana and the Dakotas on the side of Idaho.

Good old fashioned guerrilla warfare bitches! Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeehaawwwww. http://imgur.com/sq1S8  




 To the people saying the graphics/performance won't get better over time because the hardware 'sucks' and because it is already well-known architecture... you should know things aren't so black and white. The x86-64bit processor architecture presents some problems which are being carried over from those who are accustom to developing games for PCs. When developing for PCs you obviously do not know what specific hardware the customers will be running, so you can't really optimize for a specific set of hardware. This is not the case for PS4/XBox One. Over time we will see more and more 'tricks' that will introduce better performance on that specific hardware, but learning those tricks takes time and experience... and it's still early in this generation of consoles.

The second thing is that game engines are of course not perfect. Over iterations they will continually improve (if done right) in terms of efficiency and capability. The Unreal Engine and ID Tech engines are prime examples of this. As this generation of console matures, there will be a natural improvement of the Engines that are at the core of many of the games.... the quality will not remain static just because the hardware is static.

It's also important to remember that drivers can be a huge culprit when it comes to poor performance, and they too will continue to evolve on the consoles to result in better performance.

The graphics/performance of the games is destined to improve over time.

 




 It really depends on the market. If it's a hot market with a low supply of homes it's very unlikely that you'll have your offer accepted if it is below the list price and the home is in good condition. 

In my city for example, the homes in the neighborhoods I've been looking at have all been selling around 6% ABOVE list price.

I'd suggest looking around the neighborhood at other recent sales using Zillow, and try to get an idea of how final sale prices are comparing to original list prices. Putting in an offer lower than list price is risky in many markets... It's also common for some people to put an initial offer slightly above market price, just so their offer is accepted over others without a bidding war. If that happens, your offer will likely be thrown out immediately. 




 If you don't consider the effort it took me to get the money which I invest, the easiest money I have made was without a doubt through the stock market. There are many stocks I sit on for long-term gains, but there are also occasionally some stocks I buy/sell with my personal account for short-term gains. In 2013 I bought $100k of a stock in the morning, and sold it near the market close for a profit of $5000. It was a few clicks, and some pretty passive monitoring... but it netted me enough for a couple months of rent. The total fee excluding taxes was $19. That was pretty damn easy. 




 Whhhhaaaaaaaaa? It looks like the cancer that is /r/ShitRedditSays is metastasizing into other sub-reddits.  




 You monster. 




 http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/mefnirV.gif 









 OP is a lying re-poster! Grab your pitchforks at the door... 
 




 Someone needs to find this man when he is slapped on the wrist and let go. He should be brutally disposed of... Humans like this are not fit to live in a society.  




 How do you feel knowing your confined to a building for the rest of your life? Knowing that there is plenty of talent out there waiting to put a bullet in your brain to silence you at a moments notice if you leave the premises or your protectors decide it is no longer in their best interest to protect you? 




 First of all, the title is a bit misleading, as the behaviors returned after the drug wore off...

Secondly, as someone with Aspergers, this is both exciting and terrifying to me. I really hate the social aspects of Aspergers. I'm not good with any form of communication unless there is some sort of directive or goal. Correcting this would be very welcomed. The part that scares me is I wonder what else I might lose... I work in software engineering, and I feel like my autistic-traits give me a huge advantage when it comes to designing complex interacting systems. If I lose the ability to visualize such systems with clarity and focus, treatment becomes a cost to benefit analysis to me... and I'm not sure which outcome would be the most beneficial to me.

Still, this research intrigues me. Any understanding towards potentially correcting flaws is a great step towards the future of health and science. 




 Thankfully there are still Mexicans in the background glaring at them. 




 I dislike Russia's actions as much as the next guy, but in fairness even at the doubled rate, it was still being offered to Ukraine at a discounted rate. The other European countries supplied by Russia still have higher rates than the rates for Ukraine proposed by Russia. 





























 It would take a very very large surface area to significantly impact the precipitation in the region, and I am unaware of any projects that have created such rainfall after filling a dry basin.

It is well understood that the benefits of pumping large volumes to extremely dry regions are immense. Wildlife returns/appears, tourism can thrive, fishing may become economical, and water becomes available for agriculture. The concern however is the rise in salinity which can 'poison' existing water tables containing freshwater.

There is a massive project underway to pump water into the diminishing Red Sea, and you may find it interesting: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_Sea%E2%80%93Dead_Sea_Canal 




 If it's just used for storing media and it isn't being shared out to hundreds of simultaneous users then cheap consumer NAS drives should be sufficient. You won't get much benefit with hybrid drives, as your content is media and hybrids mostly assist with increasing speeds for files that have a typical load pattern (like those used by the OS).

Vibration and heat shouldn't be a problem, especially if you have a CoolerMaster with that many bays. They designed it for that, and your drives won't be running extremely hot anyway. 




 One of those gauges is in incredibly good condition for being in salt water for ~70 years. That 4 is totally readable.  Nearly a century later and the seal still hasn't broken? That's impressive! 




 Other humans who are trying to keep their existence a secret, who live in the "real world" and spread disinformation to make us believe we are the only ones here. We're the equivalent of the uncontacted tribes of the Amazon, and the UFOs appear when the outsiders must come into our section of the planet and change something. 




 That's the point. If they are more productive, then they should get rid of me. But if I am more as productive or more productive than others (as I believe I am) then I should be able to stay productive, instead of just being forced to be onsite 100% of the time because some other employees are not productive remotely.

If anything this is a great opportunity for companies to find out how to make their remote employee **more** productive.
 




 This is so backwards. As we create better technology to close the gaps caused by telecommuting there should be an increase in remote workers rather than a push to get rid of them.

It's happening all over. I believe it was Yahoo that recently recalled all its remote workers, and I'm also seeing it in other large tech companies with net initiatives to have everyone on site.

Currently I have a job that allows me to work remotely a couple of weeks each month, and I'm much happier because of it. I would also say I tend to be more productive when i am remote. I understand some workers may not be as productive remote versus/onsite, but if that's the case these companies should just eliminate those specific workers, rather than changing overall policy and hurting those to whom it is deeply beneficial. 




 It's pure science. Others will leverage this information to build further scientific findings which will eventually lead to much more broad understanding and applicable developments.

We NEED this kind of information. 




 It seems like a primary aspect of this study/trial was eliminating stress. Stress by itself can cause significant cognitive/memory issues. Without very specific and highly significant changes in cognitive measurements, I'm inclined to believe that this probably doesn't alter the Alzheimer's pathology itself, but instead removes the additional mental hit caused by severe stress. 




 One thing I notice with most of these videos is at least some of the cops seem compassionate/dismayed after these incidents. It gives me hope.

Towards the end of that video you can see one of the cops give the "wtf?!?" gesture towards the officers who sprayed the protesters. They should be the ones getting the promotions, not the officers who spray people in the face when they aren't a physical threat. 




 The changing stances of those around him seem to indicate dismay. Even his own comrades are probably asking 'why?'.

More images like this will only result in more protesters, and more anger. Hopefully it makes its way around China some before getting completely blocked. Even if they don't support the protesters (and why would they?) at least the Chinese citizens can display their own anger at these police tactics in a modern world. 




 The ants are getting restless. 




 It doesn't directly. The isolation does, and it's necessary for prolonged isolation. 

I'm not some backyard bunker fanatic, but I do believe if you have an opportunity to prepare for certain emergencies, it would be unwise to not do so. I'd rather have a holdout/isolation destination that goes unused, than be stuck without one and wishing I had one during an improbable but possible widespread emergency. 




 At the simplest and incremental backup system will take up the space of the base file, plus the size of each of the incremental changes, along with a small overhead for indexing/tracking the changes. Typically the incremental backup software will store previous incremental changes with compression, to further reduce space (but increase restoration time). 

With files that change infrequently or only have minor changes incremental backups will be a very wise use of space. I would definitely advise against it for files that change extensively and often however, because the amount of space you require will skyrocket. Additionally incremental backups will not be very efficient storage-wise if you are using them regularly against compressed media files that change. For example, you may be better off with full backups if you are altering and re-encoding mp4s, as most of the file content will change and the added incremental backup overhead will not be worth the benefits. 




 Classified documents, war plans, wiretapped conversations, and... 

Oh. I mean... it's mostly films in .mp4 containers, coming in at about ~2GB per film on average. The second biggest thing is full backups from previous desktops, and also some current backups for important files. 

I think for most people the answer will be media, media, media.  




 I'm almost 29 and my optimism continues to go down with age. I have an excellent job that most people would only dream of having financially... But my Facebook feeds are full of photos of my friends' kids and their first days in grade school... Meanwhile here I am, just trying to keep from losing things like my job, my health, etc etc. Nothing is being added, only slowly taken away.

Yay! Depressing Monday! 




 I wonder if the train engineer slightly shit his pants seeing a man in the distance put something in the tracks before running away. 




 I have. With something like cotton it's easy to get a light, especially when motivated. Not dying would be very motivating. 




 Damn. If I were fighting back then and it was such close combat I'd equip myself with flint/tinder and some oil. When the armored foe got close enough just throw the oil on him, light the torch and roast the son of a bitch. I wouldn't want to get stabbed in the eye! 




 I'm afraid as long as Islam exists the world will be raging war against atrocities carried out in its name. 




 Good for them and good on the doctors for allowing them to keep their dignity instead of eventually wasting away in nursing homes while cruelly being kept alive only to endure suffering. 
 




 Are there fishermen dependent on these areas for their livelihoods? Are they going to get any support from the government?

Corporations can get the fuck out. But I feel for private fishermen should any lose their ability to earn a living.  




 Traffic data is largely generated by measurements of Android users' GPS coordinates while they are determined to be travelling on the roads. It's automatic and it's transparent.

It'd be really difficult to get roadkill data reliably and accurately, as it'd pretty much certainly be based upon user reports.   




 Cool, and my GPA is the same.  




 Fly to Africa. Get Ebola. Fly back to the US. Buy a spandex suit. Draw a snazzy design on it. Go to the White House and jump the fence while screaming you are the one and only "Ebola man!". 




 I see other parking spots available.  




 Countering an ass move with another ass move doesn't nullify the ass moves. Now you just have two ass moves. 




 Are you kidding me? Obvious troll. That part of the world has been on a decline since before the USA even existed.

Having fun under the bridge? 




 ISIS is like new viral outbreak, you can either stamp it out when it first takes hold, or you can wait until it becomes a worldwide disaster.

Ebola really isn't currently OUR (the US's) problem right now either, but would you prefer to leave that to the locals too? 




 Is the building leased? It's probably connected to higher voltage lines in case the company leasing the building wants to run equipment. 




 OS   Browser accessibility features allow for this, assuming the website has proper markup/notation describing objects. The users will be 'read' the text associated with checkboxes/text boxes/etc and can iterate through them. On a website like Reddit, and most websites, it would be a real challenge due to the quantity of content pieces... but it is doable.  




 Seeing that on any fridge would weird me out a bit. The outside of a single man's refrigerator door should be a barren landscape of masculinity.  




 I think your wife probably wonders why there is a command center in your house =P 




 It took me a while to establish a connection from my lunar outpost on the dark side of the moon, but thanks for sharing this terrific article! Welp! Back to collecting moon rocks... See ya later! 




 * **Redeemer** from Unreal Tournament
* **Celebral Bore** from Turok
* **BFG** from Doom series
* **Ripper** (shoots spinning discs that ricochet off walls and decapitate people)  from Unreal Tournament 
* **Snarks** (little creatures you can release that chase down enemies/players) from Half-Life 




 The filming style conveys sort of an eerie feeling... I love it.  




 And his wife sounds like she's extremely aware of the extreme retirement. 




 All this has to do is cross over into a war zone like Syria or certain parts of Africa, and then we're all in trouble. 




 As stupid as it may sound... Aren't these pranksters technically terrorists? They are using terror to advance their own cause (YouTube audience). 




 Just curious. How do you know you have the same thing? Were you tested? 




 Originally I thought Snowden had the right intentions. Now I think he's just out to stay relevant and smear the US anyway he can. 

The initial documents he released after fleeing the US were about programs that were targeting US citizens unfairly and unjustly. But as time has gone on the documents are getting to the point where they are only hurting US citizen interests. Even ISIS is using his documents to help evade detection, because he released documents that had information about monitoring protocols in theaters of war... He should have stopped while he was ahead a long time ago.  




 Some people treat Reddit like it's a nation and take everything so seriously it's facepalm worthy. **It's just a fucking website where people go to waste time!** 




 Your Dad is a pretty cool guy Sam. He looked so cool I decided to take my time machine back to greet him Sam. 

Side note: Paint sure is sticky! 




 Oh you! 




 "Ferguson was enough for me! I'm tired of all these white people!"

White house under attack in 3... 2.... 1 




 European politicians need to take a stand against this otherwise it's going to continue to spiral out of control. Extremist Muslims living in Europe and Australia are already publicly calling for beheading 'infidels', yet these countries don't crack down on such Muslims... I suspect it's because the politicians are scared that they will become targets of violent Muslims. But if they don't act soon, then every non-Muslim will be a target. 




 Are you fucking kidding me? Your post/comment history includes much anti-Jewish content and you're calling the OP out for supposedly being anti-Muslim because he posted an article pertaining to a logical action? 

You're part of the core of the Muslim problem dude.  




 Christian militias going around attacking Muslims in the Central African Republic isn't right, but I'm not sure that's a fair comparison. Those militias were established after many constant and brutal attacks from Muslims on Christian villages. The villagers finally had enough and realized there was no safe escape, so they began to form militias to attack the Muslim attackers. In the process those militias began driving out all Muslims to avoid future attacks. The point being they are not doing it because they believe their religion says they should... They are doing it because they are/were under attack by Muslims who were trying to violently push their religion.
  




 The student was Barry Kidston and 18 months later he died of a cocaine overdose. He really wanted that high. 




 How many people are able to comfortably fit and play from the truck? 




 That's incredible. It's like an apocalyptic death machine coming to destroy everything.  









 I think it's very common knowledge that Russia invaded and attacked Poland. But I do not think it is common knowledge that when doing so they claimed to be protecting Ukrainians. That part was not taught to me in school, so it's a TIL. 




 I think it's very common knowledge that Russia invaded and attacked Poland. But I do not think it is common knowledge that when doing so they claimed to be protecting Ukrainians. That part was not taught to me in school, so it's a TIL. Any questions? 









 Maybe he suspected he was dosed with something (who the hell wouldn't if they suddenly had a weird experience while working with the CIA?), and saw it as a good time to quit the business. 




 For example what are some common products/services that should be avoided?  




 Regardless of any potential psychiatric issues this guy had poor judgement... You're a young teacher, and you choose to write about a school shooting? That's going to make for some interesting parent teacher conferences at the very least! 




 I dig ponds, dig ditches, and clear rock manually on a farm with a shovel to get my muscle building in. Everyone thinks it's silly. But I find it much more silly that they go to a gym for several hours each week, and leave without accomplishing any tangible work. 




 Easily renewable at the moment. But people don't seem to realize how big of a problem logging will be for us in the relatively near term future. 'Typical' logging land not receiving new sediment from river sources has been shown to be able to last ~1000 years with heavy logging before nutrients are depleted. 1000 years is a long time, but in areas in China much land has been depleted of key minerals/nutrients and can no longer sustain logging... Eventually that'll start occurring around the world, and we'll be forced to fertilize logging zones. Something that won't be very easy. 




 Saudis' rule by fear. Public whippings are very common, as are other physical forms of punishment that don't result in death. If a group in Saudi Arabia declared part of the country as a democratic breakaway, I have little doubt the Saudis would be extremely ruthless in their efforts to suppress it. 




 I'm not a realtor, but as someone who has looked at many mid-range homes ($400-600k in my area) and put inspections/offers on a few... If they have JUST put in carpeting, ask the previous owners why they put it in. Also walk around and feel for uneven spots. I've been to two places with brand new carpeting, and with both of them it was a sneaky way of hiding uneven spots in the floor.

And it's not really a question, but more of a tip. Watch for trees that are too close to the house. For one they can damage the foundation (your inspector will let you know if any damage has already occurred) and secondly they can make it an absolute bitch to clean your roof + gutters.

Plus a no brainer: Ask how old the roof is, and how long it is rated for. 




 Saudi Arabia is essentially what Islamic State terrorists are creating elsewhere in the Middle-east. The main difference is that Saudi Arabia has been long established and people are already beaten into submission, while people are still fighting back against the Islamic State. 




 Absolutely. This should be one of the Reddit rules. Not posting pictures of people not already in the public eye for the sole purpose of ridicule. 




 Imagine how radically geopolitics would change if our US President proposed a unity with Iran and Syria against barbaric terrorist groups, and also acknowledged ideological differences and mistakes in the past. He'd pretty much become an infinitely better president over night. 














 Some were throwing bottles (including glass bottles) at police. 




 It seems like it's a few minutes behind. It's a broadcast TV station so I'm guessing it may be a delay to allow them to quickly stop broadcast if something needs to be censored (like extreme profanity tirades, etc). 




 There is another slightly delayed stream at http://new.livestream.com/ktvi/live . The police are demanding that members of the media leave the area of protest... Most reporters have been forced out, but a few remain. 




 But they just announced there will be a grand jury? This Viper station seems to be the only one reporting this. I'm very skeptical. 









 It's very different than MS in both symptoms, severity of symptoms, and progression rate as well as pathology. MS is thought to be caused by myelin sheath degradation/destruction, whereas ALS is caused by motor neuron death. 

To put it into computer-like perspective based on current pathology suspects: MS is like having a network cable between two computers that is damaged/being damaged, so sometimes messages between the two behave incorrectly... If you repair the cable you can alleviate the symptoms (in MS your body will try to repair myelin as well), as the source and recipients are just fine. ALS is like the network card going bad... eventually messages will not be able to be sent or received, and the progression to failure is usually much faster. 




 So does this mean that those with Parkinson's Disease will always feel tired and sleep a lot more?  




 Being a neurosurgeon must be very stressful... Being a neurosurgeon under the public eye must make it even more stressful. What do you find yourself doing to relax and destress? 




 Dysautonomia is mostly just the catch-all syndrome, and I have it too =(. I'm curious if you're one of the lucky ones to know the underlying cause?

 




 It's truly incredible how common rare diseases really are across the population. I have a neurological/autoimmune illness and while the specialists know what antibodies I have, and what the symptoms are, very little is actually understood about the illness... to the point where it doesn't even have a name. 

Prior to the antibody find I was told I may have the following ALS (first), Stiff Person Syndrome (two months later), Neuromytonia (three months later), Parkinsons or Multi System Atrophy (six months later). Then when they found the antibody they told me it was none of these previous suspects. The only real treatments currently known are suppression of the immune system or plasma exchange (both treatments I have been lucky enough to avoid)... And those are basically some of the most generic treatments out there. All of this both scares me and excites me when it comes to our understanding of neurological illnesses... It scares me because often diagnoses are often just educated guesses and change frequently with the symptoms, and because the underlying pathology of many of these illnesses is unknown. But it greatly excites me also, because I can see we are in the infancy of understanding, and that means incredible advances lay before us! 




 Stephen Hawking's case is extremely rare, and there are theories that the underlying pathology may be quite different from most ALS cases. Unfortunately ALS typically robs the sufferers of life within a very short period of time... Rarely is survival greater than a few years. It's a very very scary disease. 

Luckily there are some companies working on some promising treatments (check out Brainstorm's clinical trials). Currently there is only one treatment available, and it only extends function for weeks or a few months. Breakthroughs can't come soon enough. 




 They weren't burning down stores, they were burning down college campus buildings. They even attacked the firefighters responding... They weren't really that peaceful.  




 The violent 'protesters' have been causing trouble for over a week. They seem hellbent on getting some violent clashes to take place, probably because they foolishly find it to be adventurous and fun. If they haven't stopped yet, they probably won't stop for the National Guard. It's going to be very interesting, because in many previous historical instances where the National Guard is called in to stop riots, they end up shooting and killing multiple rioters... and that was before social media. Now with Twitter, Facebook, and all the other social media so easily accessible, I could foresee this turning into long term 'insurgency' of sorts, with race being the underlying factor in who is being attacked and who is attacking. 




 When the police first fired rubber bullets and tear gas at the peaceful protesters I was on the side of the protesters. Now that they've started looting, becoming violent, and not contributing to peace... I hope the National Guard crushes those that come out at night to stir trouble. 




 This is a stupid "solution" and just a populist idea. Weapons are not the core of the problem here, the problem is the behavior and heavy handed tactics of some police departments...  If you take away some of their military grade weapons, those individuals that see them selves as macho military types will not suddenly become respectful of citizen rights.

 




 That's absolutely what they mean. Not all black people though, just the true gangsters and wannabe gangsters. I think a lot of people hate those types, but it's very politically incorrect to say you hate 'thugs' so they keep it inside. 




 Except this is divided along racial lines instead of political ones, so it's unlikely to spread too far. However if it does spread it'll probably get ugly, because a lot of people are looking forward to a race war. Several people I know have said they hope it spreads so they can begin gunning down thugs in their neighborhoods. They are mostly joking... but I think part of them truly believe that. 




 What a total clusterfuck. The black rioters are burning down the town, looting, and shooting at police helicopters... and the police will be hesitant with a strong response, because that's what the protests are all about. 




 Blankets.

Ask your friends and family to bring you extra blankets when you're in prison. It's going to be cold :) 




 Nothing sells newspapers like a good ol fashioned race war!  




 It makes it seem so "real" (not in the holocaust denial sense, but in a compassion sense). Whenever I read about World War II and the atrocities committed it seems so distant, as if I were reading about Genghis Khan. 

Recently I've started to realize just how brutal and barbaric the Nazi's were... I mean I knew they were brutal, and did terrible terrible things, but again it felt so distant. But now I see videos from Iraq of civilians being tortured and killed in mass by the 'Islamic State'... The Islamic State members say they are determined to wipe out entire races/religions and are clearly moving forth in that plan. I can imagine how terrifying it must be to be one of those targeted civilians in Iraq... and then it begins to dawn on me just how terrifying it would have been in Nazi Germany, because unlike Iraq, in Germany it was an entire nation wanting to kill you.  
























