 Whenever, already added you
 




 Appreciate!  




 Would you possibly be able to help me evolve my Seadra?
 




 Cool no hurry. Do you have perchance have Kyorgre?
 




 I can do a tradeback for Diancie  




 Awesome thanks man! I forgot about the tradeback.. super baked
*edit wait that wasn't even you... my bad....
 




 Cool cool, just out of curiosity what is it that the natures do? Sorry I haven't played pokemon since gen 2 prior to this game lol. 




 I have an Adamant Oshawott but my Fennikin is Naughty, is that alright?
 




 By sheer luck I actually have both of those in the few random extras I have bred!  




 [trade] I have all starters (all gens) and most of the Hoenn Pokedex. Also need a tradeback for my Seadra. Thanks! 




 LOL I have similar memories! 




 Hey sorry I went ark for a bit but if you're still around I could actually use one! Thanks.
 




 Thanks a ton mate! Really helped me out :)
 




 Whenever you're ready
 




 K just give me a bit to hatch it :) Sorry just multi-tasking up the waazoo right now lol
 




 Absolutely that's fine! I'll send over some random level 1's then.
 




 Sure just give me a few to breed an extra
 




 Thanks man! I appreciate it. :)
 




 added you! Don't see you on PSS though.
 




 Awesome thanks mate! What would you like in return?
 




 Thanks! Still after Lunatone, Seviper, Wigglytuff and Lileep. I think most of those are AS exclusive except the Lileep dual type fossil, which I took the opposite of.
 




 Phione takes foreeeever to hatch :P
 




 I can get you Kabuto I'd just have breed one real quick haha sorry! If time is no issue it's not a problem.
 




 For sure! I have an extra Tyrunt on hand, just gotta breed the Phione.  




 [trade] Alright so I need a bunch of pokemon for my Hoenn pokedex. I'm willing to trade pretty much whatever, I have almost all of the Hoenn pokedex minus this handful. I also have every starter from every generation.

Some other notables up for trade: 
Tyrunt
Anorith
Kabuto
Phione

Thanks :)
 




 Shit thanks mate! This was my first time participating in a giveaway and you my friend have made it tops! 
 




 Not even the weirdest thing about this picture.. 




 I would be willing to argue that most people here are actually aware that it's a blanket...you're kinda missing the point. 




 If it were a colour picture I bet it would look normal... just the contrast in black and white photos that makes things look unnatural. That said, this definitely belongs here. Weird photo composition as well, with her way out to the right of the frame facing away...  




 K then deposited. :)
 




 Okay, about to deposit a level 15 male Slugma. I can't gender lock, but I did level lock. Sorry i'm a noob to gts - do I need to fill in the pokemon wanted section? 




 aka every pokemon i'm not actively trying to catch. 




 Badass! The texture makes it seem almost as though it's made of stone. Either way, very good looking Blastoise!  




 I miss this emulator :( I updated iOS and now it no longer works. My FR team wuz the shit :( 




 Hmmm I just got all this free stuff from my loving family... I better go complain about it on the internet now. 




 Good to know man, glad to have you on my list :)
 




 None really come to mind, I'm sure there are lots but I only do a couple at a time, takin' it slowly.
 




 Thanks a lot man! Merry Christmas!
 




 k
 




 sure!
 




 thanks man!
 




 [trade] Yeah so I need a Lotad to help complete my pokedex. Going in systematic order now that i'm done the game. I do have every starter from every generation though if somebody wants one for the trade.  




 Because sleep is for the weak and I am an internet addict. True story.
 




 Thanks a lot man! Hopefully you'll be around when I finally get my Electrizer and Magmarizer :)
 




 [tradeback] Yeah so I basically just need help evolving these three via trade. If you don't have them already it will be for dex entries or if you do you could just help a fellow trainer out. The Clamperl will be evolving into Gorebyss.  




 Yooo sorry man I totally replied and then went and did shit thinking you weren't gonna be on! Anyway i'm around now. 




 Hey man sorry passed out last night, I still need a Chespin though if you're offering. What would you like in return? I have literally every other starter. (except Fennekin, have it but in a different game)
 




 Thanks for the trade man! Now all I have left is Chespin...that one will be tough haha. Not much love for that little guy.. 




 I added you, you still need to add me though so that it's mutual. Just enter in my friend code in the friends app and i'll initiate the trade, it's done through PSS 




 Kk I still need Oshawott, Got Froakie now
 




 haha sweet :) i don't even know what that is lol. I would have taken literally anything.
Thanks for the trade mate!
 




 damn how'd you lose your everstone?
 




 Nice third choice! :) Thanks for the trade mate.
 




 Can do :) have extras of all
 




 Cool sounds good, I literally just got froakie in a wonder trade hahah but yeah np just send over whatever along with the chimchar egg 




 Yeah man that would be great, and I can trade you all three of those of you want. They're all gonna be level 1 tho haha
 




 [trade] So yeah i'm looking to complete my Hoenn pokedex and I also want to get all the starters eventually so I'm looking for the ones mentioned in the title as well as Chespin and Froakie if anyone has em. Not picky about level or stats or whatever.

Can trade any of the original Gen I or II starters plus Snivvy, Piplup, Tepig and Turtwig. 

Thanks. :)
 




 I'm assuming it's done now... didn't get any but helped get a few new dex entries!
 




 Chances are i'll be sleeping by then but i'm not in a rush and if you're going out of your way to offer them free I can just wait until whenever's convenient for both of us. I'll add you tho 




 Yeah that sounds good, Try me whenever you're on, I'll probably be awake.
 




 for sure!
 




 gotcha. so in 15~min?
 




 Sorry i'm a noob to the Pokemon Reddit community, how do these work? 




 [trade] So i'm looking for Squirtle, Bulbasaur, and Charmander. I have for trade any of the following, bred from an egg level 1:
Snivvy
Piplup
Chikorita
Treecko

Also I have an extra ditto.

Thanks! 

Ps if you happen to have Totodile or Cyndaquil and want to trade for any of the above, that works too!  
























 ps your flooring is dope
 




 Nice one man! love the tv in front of the trainer lol. I have a similar setup for those long seshes! 




 You need to start living my friend
 




 I feel like this is when a large tv becomes useful
 




 Ayy you just read my mind. 




 I also think its more just to do with all the similar titles lately. Nice setup man!
 




 Alright, fair enough. He's not driving under their bedroom windows at night, I get that.

Just a weird teacher with some questionable social media practices.  




 At the basic level you are right: don't post shit you don't want others to see. But the issue here is more what an incredible display of unprofessionalism it is to monitor your students online presence unsolicited. And the fact that OP is clearly not aware of how negatively his actions are actually being perceived by anyone whose opinion is actually relevant to the scenario.  

 




 Wow nothing personal but I kinda hope you get fired. Sounds like you're not exactly cut out to be teaching kids when you yourself aren't finished being one.

You said you take "pride" in being in the know about your students, when in fact you are just monitoring their presence online without their permission or the official request of anybody. The fact that you admitted to needing to find out "who liked the girls ass photo" already betrays your creepy personal agenda.

Justify it however you want but you teachers who stalk students are the fucking worst. 




 I initially read it as a female teacher telling the story and still thought it was creepy as fuck. He literally applies the word "stalking" to what he is doing to his students. Nobody asked him to do that shit. At best he's well intentioned but needs to get a life, at worst he gets kicks out of following his students lives and still needs to get his own. 




 lol nice one! love the shadow being cast by your collectible  




 fuckin' dopee
 




 Seriously does it go back hundreds of years because of cultural tradition, or did it just start with a couple of furry animators and kind of snowballed from there?

I just find it so strange that bestiality is typically regarded as one of the most taboo forms of pornography, yet humans who dress and act (and in some cases even want to be treated) like cats are noticeably becoming more and more mainstream and acceptable, especially in Japan and amongst Japanese pop-culture enthusiasts. Why is this?
  




 Sometimes when I feel shitty about not going out I remember this is some peoples idea of a public outing and I feel much better. 




 Yeahhhh 




 lol ever heard of a bag?
you must be one of those dorks with saggy weighted down cargo pants
 




 just described my sleep habits
 




 lol I like how it's barren... Romans don't like snow

edit: nvm I think I see people just the resolution makes it hard to tell
 




 I feel like you haven't actually seen one then
 




 1   2 will always hold a special place in my heart. Still played 3 but didn't love it. Age of Mythology is still the shit too, bust it out a couple times annually for some comp stomp
  









 Club mate! luckyyyy. Can't get that shit at all in Canada. 
 




 Triple reddit?
 




 How do you run three monitors off of one laptop? is there any lag?
 




 I feel like shopping will never become 100% online because sometimes there are things you just don't want to wait for. I don't mind buying the odd jacket or whatever online but i'm not going to have a wardrobe shipped to me. If there are people like that out there that is weird..
 




 Here in Edmonton we still have ridiculously over the top malls. Case and point: West Edmonton Mall.  




 West Edmonton Mall is actually one of the few exceptions with a ton of attractions left. It still has an ice rink, amusement park, water park, arcade, iMax movie theatre, replica ship in the middle of a big flooded atrium that you can book for parties, and multiple mini-putt courses. Plus a hotel, nightclubs, casino, bowling and several sit-down restaurants. The only thing missing is a strip joint. But yeah besides that all our malls are pretty cookie-cutter. H M, VS, Starbucks, etc. 




 West Edmonton Mall is actually one of the few exceptions with a ton of attractions left. It still has an ice rink, amusement park, waterpark, iMax movies, random boat in the middle of a big atrium that you can book for parties, and multiple mini-putt courses. Plus a hotel, nightclub, casino and several restaurants. 




 Also idk why but I like chaotic battle stations like this as opposed to clean ones. Clean looks nice but also like they just moved into the room and then took the picture. I like a battlestation that's clearly been lived in and has evolved to fit the space rather than the other way around.  




 I'd love to have a tv parallel to the bed like that for those lazy mornings...
 




 I gagged
 




 Is the wife is cool with you splitting your time between your marriage bed and a gaming shack?
 




 Do you work at home? What kind of job would you need Rokit 8's for?
 




 My dream is to one day have enough desk space to have a perfect clean triple monitor setup like this....
 




 Those are some odd choices for discreet weapons
 




 I see a controller but no speakers o.o
 




 2 decks is so last decade
 




 So much asian in this pic
 




 Nice setup but it seems pretty spread out for live production 




 :(
 




 "make you" as in give you away. If someone undercover is "made" it means he's compromised. Poor word choice in hindsight.

 




 Back in the late 2000's almost every phone had terrible interference and sometimes you'd be sitting in class (middle school at the time) and when a text came through the radio interference would make you and the teacher would come take your phone away.. 




 I actually thought it was Felicia Day for a second... 




 Yo man your wife looks like Felicia Day... lucky guy.
*edit...Forgot this was posted in a sub specifically for women, assuming now that OP is in fact Felicia Day lookalike..
 




 Reminds me of "Sorry" a Wurmple I got from OT: Ashes Mom
 




 Sorry if this has already been posted and sorry for the quality of the video (There are newer uploads but the original is the only one with english subtitles - plus the shitty translation adds to the humour imo)

Anyways one of my earliest and best stoner memories is getting high for one of the first times and then stumbling across this video with a friend. Since we were both kinda nerdy we understood most of the references and sound clips, and it just made for an awesome random experience when I was young and new to the herb. Germans and I would get along apparently.  









 Alright cheers mate!
 




 Oooh yeah, that must have been it. I don't think you can get the primal evolutions in it and I had mine holding the mega stone. Want to try again? 




 Yeah not working :( says "There is a pokemon that cannot be traded in your party" even though it's not in my party in the first place. 




 Here lets try again, if it doesn't work i'll just send over whatever. Weird though, I literally just traded it  




 Weird it's not letting me trade him all of the sudden...
 




 Awesome! Last one I need. Any particular mon you want? 




 Thanks!
 




 Sounds good 




 Got it now, thanks for the offer though. :) 




 yup! Any dex entries you need in return?
 




 No, thank you! :)
 




 K sorry got distracted! Added you though.
 




 kk! Add you in a sec
 




 How do people usually go about doing that? Just let me know when you've caught it on here so we can do the tradeback after I guess.
 




 Sure man
 




 [tradeback] Yeah so i'm just looking for these last few to complete my dex. I've given up on a semi-living dex, just interested in having the little pokeball next to em' now.

LF: ~~Milotic~~, Huntail, ~~Rhyperior~~, ~~Jirchi~~, ~~Glalie~~, ~~Froslass~~

I have all of the OR exclusive legendaries and all of the starters available for dex entries. Thanks for the help! I could never have even got this far without this subreddit.

 




 I don't but if you still do I definitely could. Also I hate to be petty but I accidentally traded you my everstone lol
 
























