




 We still have this at uni, slaves get sold and in the following days (or weeks) they work to earn back their own cost. Drink a bucket of beer and you're in the club! 




 Always stayed in Wenduine  De Haan as a kid, an I loved the dunes! Usually a lot less windy than the beach and great for picnics... There's a little pancake house in the dunes in the middle between Wenduine and De haan, if you just keep following the coastline you can't miss it! 




 Very definitely a boy 




 His owner is brother Kenny so he must have some kind of ranking ;) 














 We regularly started getting these really boring guest lectures from the same woman all the time... Our professor ditched his wife for her a couple months after. Mystery solved! 




 'I've got an itch'
Not something i'm gonna help you with mate 




 Maybe she just has a wide-set vagina and a heavy flow. She can't help it. 




 If I cook the same meal for all of us, or just leave one ingredient out for him, it's fine. But when I make goulash (for example) which is completely based on the beef stewing in the brew, I have to make him a completely separate meal... 




 That's what I usually do, but then sometimes I feel like having a steak or a beef stew and I don't know what to give him apart from our sides for example...

Thanks for te recipes though, i'll definitely try the fajitas! :-) 




 My dad recently became a vegetarian again after 10 years of eating meat. This is all very well and I support him, but the man can't cook a meal to save his life. I go to uni full time and take on the cooking at home - prefer to make everything from scratch. 

My dad being a vegetarian adds 15-20 minutes of cooking every day. I try to make vegetarian dishes we all enjoy as much as possible, but my sister, mother and I do enjoy our meat. Meat and three veg for my dad often comes down to a fried egg and three veg. 

He won't eat tofu, seitan or quorn and I'm honestly getting a little desperate here! Any tips are welcome :-) 




 Get her a nice designer watch or a pair of shades, usually around 300-400$ , leaves you some money for flowers!(and a little baby bottle of laurent perrier!) If you wanna spend that money on your girlfriend, go for it! 




 Add butter. That's it. 




 To be honest, the easiest thing is to determine during the school year which of your classmates has the bulkiest handwriting and sit diagonally behind them. There's 100-300 people in my university class and not that many supervisors... 




 Or holding waitstaff to a standard of a michelin star restaurant when you're at a diner... Newsflash: these people are probably not looking for a career in waiting, shut up and eat your pancakes 




 Had this on bread at the christmas market in germany, maybe for the ease of eating without sitting down? 




 Staff being rude, be it to me or to a total stranger at a different table 




 smoking pot can have terrible side effects like not being able to shut the fuck up about smoking pot 
























 This was a buffet at a rather small hotel so there was one meat, one poultry and one fish option, two or three carbs, same for warm veggies and then a separate salad bar... Plus the death stares you got for - the horror, the horror- 'cutting in line' to get your meat first made everyone just tag along 




 Lovely imagery! 
The woman in question was also morbidly obese and morbidly sunburnt. Oh, Mallorca! 




 Someone held up the whole buffet line at our hotel because she wouldn't let go of the spoon for the fries until someone had refilled the bowl. May i remind you, this was an all-you-can-eat situation. You can go back to the buffet a million times if you please. Yet she loaded 2 plates so full she spilled things all over the floor. The she also started a fight over a slice of lemon with a family member. (All on the same night) 




 Belgium has the option of euthanasia but my grandma still decided to go in a similar manner, just so it wouldn't be a big fuss. Found one vanilla pudding and seven bottles of champagne in her fridge, one for each of her kids. 




 If it makes you feel any better, I kinda felt for him... He's had about 20 flings and has gone bald since 




 My guineapig runs free in the living room. One morning we couldn't find her. Turns out she crawled into a narrow pretzel bag, ate some, fell over and got stuck. 




 My best guy friend told me he didn't love his girlfriend of four years (my best friend) but me. We both dumped him 




 My uncle's bus went down a hill/ravine in Venezuela. It was all a bit chaotic over there so he just boarded the first plane home and went to the ER. Had some broken ribs and cuts and bruises. We never actually found out anything more, apparently bus accidents in that region were common. 




 ... It's not like she's going to impose her own eating habits on the population. Pretty sure most of what she'll deal with is regarding money. 




 I once had swimming at school and forgot to bring a tampon so i asked one at the secretary (no nurses over here) and the guy gave me like seven tampons. Don't think he really understood how they work... 




 My dad always says that everything written on the internet is wrong. Apart from what he reads on the internet. That information is all factual. 




 I'm from Antwerp, Belgium and people from surrounding cities always say we're arrogant. There's this saying that 'Antwerp is the city and everything else is parking space', but i've actually never met anyone from Antwerp saying it. 




 Lovely to look at, but it gets pretty boring after like an hour or so  




 My grandpa was the youngest of 18 kids which resulted in his and his descendants' last name lacking a capital letter... Because his name didn't fit on the page so they had to write real small 




 (there's a nest of pigeons outside my bathroom window) 




 Soooo happy about that 




 i live in the low countries and stuff like that makes us shiver... In our clogs 




 studying... If you actually start on time it can be really soothing 




 that's not cheese 




 When I was 9 years old we had mardi gras (?) at school and me and my best friends dressed up as witches. Our teacher(who i LOVED) was going to take a picture of us together, but before doing so she pushed me out of the group and literally said 'not you'. Apparently she didn't recognize my disguise as a witch... 
























