




 **My 5 Questions:**

1. Do you feel any remorse for your crimes?

2. How were you treated in prison? 

3. Did you ever have a plan to turn Stratton Oakmont into a legitimate brokerage firm?

4. What's the most amount of money you've spent in one week?

5. Why did you decide to make a movie? 

**Public Contact Information:** 

http://jordanbelfort.com/contact_us/ 

















































 For instance if you live in a blue state would it even matter if you voted Republican?  





























 And if you could specify what political party you align with that'd be great. 



















 AR style rifles or "assault weapons" as they are commonly referred to are the main target of gun control. IMO this is the direct result of sensationalism on behalf of the media. I believe that anyone who thinks that AR style rifles are any worse than any other gun is uneducated on the matter and should have no say. I believe that anyone who uses an AR style rifle as an example of why we need gun control is either A) a politician using fear mongering tactics to further their cause, or B) a voter who is uneducated on the matter and should not have a say. I believe so because AR (Armalite NOT assault rifle) style rifles function exactly the same as any other semi automatic rifle. The difference is that AR style rifles have creature comforts that make them easier to carry around and use for long periods of time (like when you're hunting). CMV.

Edit: Words 














 **My 5 Questions:**

1. What's it like having your music be the theme for anything Boston related?

2. What's your favorite beer?

3. How good did it feel to [beat the shit out of that nazi](http://gawker.com/5991403/dropkick-murphys-singer-kicks-the-crap-out-of-skinhead-doing-nazi-salute-on-stage-during-st-patricks-day-concert)?

4. What's your favorite song out of all the songs you guys have recorded?

5. Where did the band's name come from?

**Public Contact Information:**

https://twitter.com/KenDKM

https://twitter.com/DropkickMurphys 



















 Also how are prices on the street compared to in the dispensaries? 




 Edit: shit this blew up. Also, TIL Redditors complain about things they can easily avoid. 

Edit 2: the amount of you that want condoms banned concerns me.

Edit 3: TIL Redditors hate toilet paper.

Edit 4: TIL Many redditors don't know the definition of the word "product"


Edit 5: OK, based on my inbox it seems like most people have decided on cigarettes, crocs, dildos, cell phones (I'm going to interpret that as smartphones), axe, and toilet paper.

Edit 6: Add soda (particularly coke), alcohol, and social networks to the list 









 Hermits, coma patients, convicts, travelers of remote parts of Africa,  tell us your story!  









 They can be difficult to see at times. It would be as simple as having two colors that change for every other line. 














 It seems like they'd understand their patient's mental problems more than a psychologist. 




 For the past few months I've had this thought/worry in my head. I know it's not true but I can't get it out of my head. It's this strange thing that I don't want in my head. If it were true then I would be shunned by society and I could be sent to prison. Again, I know it's not true but I still can't get it out of my head. 



Recently (past week) I haven't been able to stop thinking about it whereas I can usually push it to the back of my mind. It has caused me to become very depressed and stressed out. The thought that it could be true just pushes me over the edge. I don't know what to do. My research tells me that depression and anxiety can cause strange thoughts. If meds can get this thought out of my head and keep it from controlling my life then I want them. 














 I've ordered [this](http://www.cigarsinternational.com/samplers/58017/ci-taster-pack-mild-medium/#p-27068) yesterday.

I think I'm going to order [this](http://www.famous-smoke.com/montecristo+premium+cigar+assortment+4+pack+cigars/item+37285) if I end up enjoying cigars.

I'm pretty excited though and I really want to try one today. unfortunately we don't have any "real" smoke shops in my town. We pretty much have a few head shops disguised as smoke shops. Should I just wait or is there something I can pick up at a gas station that's worth trying? 




 **My 5 Questions:**

1. Did you feel in danger at any time?

2. How cold was the water? 

3. How far did you make it?

4. Do they make you act quirky or is that just the way people who want to do that act?

5. Was it fun?

**Public Contact Information:** If Applicable 














 Keep in mind that I'm not afraid to get dirty. I'm willing to work construction, garbage, etc. Basically I don't have a problem working a blue collar job if it means I can make some cash. 









 I was out of control. I had a two large big mac combo a day problem. One day as I was driving away from the drive thru with my first big mac of the day I started regretting my choices. I looked down at it and tossed it out the window right then and there, and I haven't touched a big mac since. 














 http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mars_One 




 Hey! So a few of my friends and I discovered an abandoned logging road awhile back. We drove pretty far down it until it became impassible via car. We scouted it on Google maps and it turns out it branches into a system of out of use logging roads, some of which lead to a coastal town that we all like visiting. Using Google's routing tool we discovered the whole trip would take ~8 hours on quads. But that figure could be off. We plan in borrowing a few ATV's, I believe the guy said they were 400cc Yamaha Utility quads.



What we plan on bringing:


Each Quad and rider will have:

*2 gallons of spare gas

*sleeping bag

*Camel Bak and spare water

*Hatchet+manual chainsaw

*Emergency water purification tablets and MREs

*Toilet paper

*Eating utensils

*Lighter

*clothes

*flair gun

*walkie talkie




Split between the three quads:

*tent

*gas powered chainsaw

*fire starters

*cooking stuff

*repair tools





Now I'm debating whether or not we need a collapsing toilet seat. We'll be about 20 miles from a major highway most of the time, but there will be logging camps nearby most of the time. Can you think of anything else we'll need. I think we might be able to do the trip in one day but I'm preparing as if we'll come across obstacles or won't be able to ride as fast as google suggests we can. It also depends on if there's anything we'll want to explore.  









 Edit: just realized that I fucked up the title 



















 There's obviously still a demand because people are buying foreign cars with M/T's. 




 Seeing as I won't be able to visit NYC until spring break at the earliest I'd like to know a bit more about the surrounding areas and whatnot.  





























 I think it may have been a reply to a Q on AskReddit. I also think it may have hit the front page. He later edited in a drawingof it that he made when he was a kid. I'm pretty sure he was located in Colorado at the time and his story was confirmed by another Redditor who saw the same thing and also lived in Colorado.  









 **My 5 Questions:**

1. Were you in the city or at the base when the battle happened?

2. Did any of you expect to see combat during that deployment? 

3. IMO One of the, for lack of a better word, funniest scenes in the movie was when the Delta operator went on his "safari" and got dinner. Did that kind of thing actually happen? 

4. What did you do after being discharged? 

5. If you could go back in time knowing what you know now, would you still join up?

**Public Contact Information:** 

Somebody could ask around in /r/military. 




 John Marston has a special ability called "Dead Eye". It allows him to seemingly slow time while still retaining normal mobility, target enemies, and increase general combat effectiveness. 


In GTA V each character has their own special ability.


Franklin can slow time while driving.


Trevor takes less damage while dealing more.


Michael can slow time while shooting.


All three are watered down variants of "Deadeye". But wait! The plot thickens! In RDR John Marston has three conflicting personalities. He is a family man that just wants to get back to his family. He wants to better his lifestyle at all costs. He is a rough around the edges cowboy. 


Franklin has inherited the dreamer personality. All he wants is to get out of the ghetto.


Michael represents the family man. His end game is to be closer to his family.


Trevor represents the rough around the edges cowboy. Sure, he's insane, but he also has a caring personality. 




 Seriously, I got a medium Pepsi from Arby's today and it was like a big gulp from 10 years ago. 




 Seriously. Especially in the college hill/friendly area the retaining walls turn so many intersections into dangerous, blind, corners. Anybody know how to get the ball rolling on a fix for this? In the meantime I might put up some of those domed security mirrors.  




 I'm looking for something that's 50/50 on road/off road. The WRR is always an option, but the KTM 350 EXC-F   XCF-W have me intrigued.  





























 It was heading south and when I circled around the block to try and find it, I thought I saw it running into an ally that lead to 24th   Jefferson. 





























 http://i.imgur.com/OMrcxlH.gif 




 Basically my choice at this point comes down to ROTC. How can I tell the quality of a program? 




 As a prospective cadet I'd like to know a few things. 


What is the PT schedule?  Sorry if this is obvious, but I couldn't find it kn the website. 



Does being a cadet prevent you from having a good time and partying?



Is the teacher/CO strict in comparison to other ROTC programs?  









 I'm looking for a solid college commuter. I've got a car, so it won't be my only mode of transportation. My commute is 4 miles in 25-30 mph residential neighborhoods, and 6 miles on a 45 mph freeway.





Here's what I'm looking at: the Ninja 300 (abs?), the Suzuki Boulevard S40, and the CBR250R, but I just read that they are coming out with a CBR300R, so I might wait for that. I'm also thinking about getting a used H-D Iron 883 sportster. Other suggestions are welcome. My budget is ~5500, although ideally I'm buying a nice used bike in the 3500-4500 range. 




 Aside from a different 
 paint scheme and being 3 lbs lighter.. 














 The classic folk song made famous when The Animals [covered](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=hRXb7K7k7bQ desktop_uri=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DhRXb7K7k7bQ) it has been the subject of speculation forever. Many believe it is in reference to a brothel, a jail, or a gambling house. 









 Considering we have a much greater area than Germany, yet they have no limit autobahns. 




 We know from some nifty detective work by users on this subreddit that Brian will return. The question is, how? Stewie has destroyed his time travel tech and has no way to build a new time machine. However, we also know from S4E30 that they have time travel tech in the future, and that future stewie (stu) is in possession of this technology.



My theory is that the Griffin's will make a time capsule for their future selves. Stewie will leave a letter for Stu in the time capsule begging him to come back to the present and help save Brian. We will then have an episode from Stu's perspective as he reads the letter and travels back in time to save Brian. 




 A month or two ago I changed my Microsoft account email because I had lost access to the old email. Since then every time I log onto xbox.com it tells me something has gone wrong, and every time I try to go to the billing information part of my xbox I get an error code (I'll check to see what it is later) and then I can't change anything. Any idea what's wrong? I want to download some DLC's, but I can't until I add a credit card. 




 I know you guys are not lawyers but I thought I'd ask.



It seems like online bitcoin gambling is legal, or at least a grey area. Would the same apply to brick   mortar bitcoin gambling? Say you had a system where they sent you a bitcoin payment, and you then gave them an equivalent amount of chips. When it comes time to cash out, you send them a digital bitcoin payment. Since bitcoin is not considered legal tender (yet), would this get around gambling laws? It seems like it would because there is no exchange of cash between parties



Edit: US gambling laws. 




 Drinking, driving, smoking, consent, military, hold office, etc 




 Drinking, driving, smoking,  consent,  military,  hold office,  etc 




 **My 5 Questions:**

1. Was it hard convincing the Army to let you guys stay/film at OP Restrepo?
2. What was it like reintegrating back into society when you returned from Afghanistan? 
3. Are you still in contact with the soldiers? 
4. Do you have any advice for someone wanting to film a documentary in a war torn region?
5. What was your favorite thing about filming Restrepo? 

**Public Contact Information:** 


Twitter: https://mobile.twitter.com/sebastianjunger 
























 I occasionally attend confession. Not to right myself with a God, but to have a way to get stuff I feel guilty about off my chest. Many would say that by attending confession and reading the Bible I am a Catholic.  Basically where do we draw the line between subscribing to a religion and agnostics, and then agnostics and athiests? Can an athiest believe in any form of higher power (luck, superstition, etc) or would that make them an agnostic? 









 In the coming months should it still be treated as an investment or is it becoming a true currency? The reason I ask is because I was introduced to bitcoins when the silk road bust happened, and it has become a very intriguing investment option to me. 




 And do you believe that that's a good or bad thing? 




 You have to assume major candidates are vetted. If everything they've ever done, even their most illegal and perverse internet history shows up how will anyone ever be elected? 




 If its a drug what was going through your mind when you decided to shoot up/snort/smoke/swallow it the first time? How long until it became a problem? 


Gamblers, did you immediately need to start betting more and more or was it a gradual thing?


Alcoholics,  tell us when you had the realization that you were hooked 




 Hey all. I have been looking at spec miatas on racing junk and I've found one I like, but I have a few questions. I presume, but I'd like confirmation,  that buying a ready to race spec miata with high miles and putting another motor in is cheaper than making a lower mile miata race ready, correct? I'm pretty heavy, 240 lbs, can I make weight in a 1.6 or should I try to find a 1.8?



Finally,  and this has nothing to do with those questions. Why are SM's with wins more expensive?  In a driver dependent format like SM the car's pedigree doesn't seem like it would matter. 




 I'm probably not using the correct term to describe them, but I have examples.

--

On an ask reddit thread a few days ago there was a guy who mentioned he's part of a growing group that has decided not to identify as any race. Regardless of their birth race they have decided to mark, or write in, "other" as their race on forms.

--

There was a guy on reddit a few days ago asking how to tell his girlfriend that he wouldn't be getting her an engagement ring because it's an outdated practice.

--

Theres also the people who have decided to give everything a PC name. For example instead of referring to a male as just a man they feel the need to call them a cisgendered man.

--

Finally there was the guy who decided Sir and Mam aren't PC enough and is trying to create a gender neutral version.

--

Now I get these are of varying levels of extremity but I'd like your opinion on these types of people. 




 It doesn't seem like a religious thing and there is no proof that fapping in moderation is harmful.  I don't get it. 




 **My 5 Questions:**

1. What's the scariest situation you've ever been in?
2. Is the landing from the movie "flight" possible?
3. Who has been your worst passenger?
4. What is the most annoying thing passengers do on a regular basis? 
5. What's the best thing about being a pilot?

**Public Contact Information:** If Applicable 









 I'm looking to get an autocross. I've got a budget of 10k including any mods. Right now I'm looking at a miata which I would supercharge, a MR2 spyder, and a 240z. I'm looking for suggestions as well. I have a DD so practicality isn't a big issue. Like I said, the car will mainly be used for autocross and tearing up the back roads. 









 **My 5 Questions:**

1. How much of the show is scripted?

2. Do you ever use stunt drivers?

3. Are Hammond, Jeremy, or May ever reprimanded for the controversies they cause?

4. Did they seriously not know where they were when the plane landed during the Iraq special?

5. What is the most dangerous situation, on or off camera, that has happened while filming the show? 














 If things like FB, twitter, instagram, google+, myspace, etc had never been created. How would the world be different if we only used the internet to exchange scientific, medical, academic, business, and political information? 









 How would the world be different if stuff like facebook, twitter, myspace, youtube, instagram, etc had never been created, and to this day the internet was used solely to share scientific, medical, mathematical, and academic type things? 




  Stuff like wildland firefighting, hay bailing, etc. 














 Tell us some stories 









 I made an Italian friend over the summer. He was by no means a smoker, but he would always have a cigarette in hand at parties. After I asked him about It he explained that in Europe, especially Italy   France,  smoking is much more accepted, and that many people there are social smokers. Why is it that in the US we have the mentality that you can either kill youself as a heavy smoker or you don't smoke at all, whereas occasional smoking is commonplace in Europe? 




 So I woke up a few days ago and my left foot hurt. The pain feels like soreness. It's now a few days later and my foot hurts when I walk. The pain is coming from the top of the foot a little ways behind the big toe. Any ideas as to what is going on? I'm 18, male, overweight but not to the point that I can't play football with my friends, not currently on any medication. 




 My dream for college has always been to attend a high caliber school, and (don't hate) join a fraternity. Due to certain circumstances I can't get into the types of schools I wan't to go to as a freshman. Is it possible to transfer into a school like USC after your freshman year? I can't do it after my sophomore year because I won't be able to join a frat. I know that the website says I "can" transfer on my timeline, but I would like to know if anyone ever gets accepted on that timeline? 



















 She doesn't have any real power anymore does she? I thought she acted as a sort of figurehead. 




  Whether it was successful or failed,  a hookup, a relationship,  I want to know! Did you do anything crazy? 









 Had you known them as a friend for your entire childhood? Or was one of you popular and the other a loser in HS? Any other scenarios? 









 The boys over at /r/IAMA weren't too receptive to the idea, but if someone wants to get the ball rolling on this that'd be cool!


My questions:


1. Was it weird telling your parents that you were going to be in SI swimsuit?

2. Do you plan to continue modeling swimwear?

3. What has changed since you became famous that most people wouldn't expect to?

4. How do you react when guys on the street try to ask you out?

5. Is there any competition between the SI swimsuit models?


Contact:


Website: kateupton.com


Twitter: https://twitter.com/KateUpton 




 **My 5 Questions:**

1.  Was it weird telling your parents that you were going to be in SI swimsuit?
2. Do you plan to continue modeling swimwear?
3. What has changed since you became famous that most people wouldn't expect to?
4. How do you react when guys on the street try to ask you out?
5. Is there any competition between the SI swimsuit models?

**Public Contact Information:** 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/KateUpton
Website: http://kateupton.com/ 




 I'm looking to buy my first Evo!!!!!!!!!!! The guy wants 18k for it. I know I should be wary of mods, which this has, and it also has a new transfer case which makes me think it had the whine of death at some point. I'm not sure if that leaves lasting damage. I can't see the car in person until my schedule settles down.

description: (sorry about caps lock)

2003 MITSUBISHI LANCER EVOLUTION GSR!! LOTS OF TASTEFUL MODIFICATIONS INSTALLED! NEW SHEP TRANS STAGE 1 TRANSFER CASE JUST INSTALLED, INJEN STAINLESS INTERCOOLER AND INTAKE PIPING, PERRIN SHORTRAM INTAKE SYSTEM, UPGRADED RADIATOR, NEWER (ZERO RUST) WORKS FULLY ADJUSTABLE COILOVERS, AND NEWER BFGOODRICH TIRES WITH 85% TREADLIFE REMAINING! PAINT IS GREAT CONDITION WITH NO DINGS, NO DENTS, AND NO ROCK CHIPS!!.. THE INTERIOR HAS BEEN WONDERFULLY MAINTAINED AND HAS NO SIGNS OF WEAR!!.. HAS BEEN FULLY DETAILED, SERVICED, AND INSPECTED!! THIS CAR IS INCREDIBLY CLEAN! DONT WAIT COME VISIT US TODAY!!

Engine: http://images.autotrader.com/scaler/544/408/images/2013/4/28/345/287/31159508411.345287098.IM1.23.565x421_A.565x377.jpg

Interior:
http://images.autotrader.com/scaler/544/408/images/2013/4/28/345/287/31159508407.345287098.IM1.19.565x421_A.565x377.jpg


Aftermarket parts close ups:
http://images.autotrader.com/scaler/544/408/images/2013/4/28/345/287/31159508414.345287098.IM1.26.565x421_A.565x377.jpg


http://images.autotrader.com/scaler/544/408/images/2013/4/28/345/287/31159508415.345287098.IM1.27.565x421_A.565x377.jpg 









 Originally posted in /r/whatcarshouldibuy until I realized how little traffic it had.


So I'm looking at an Evo viii/ix or a WRX right now. But I'm looking for alternatives because those are pushing it in terms of insurance ccosts. Any ideas? Must be fast, built post 2000, able to handle snow, and less than 14k. Manual transmission is a plus. It doesn't need to be a four door but I do need to be able to squeeze four people in. Also why do Evo IX's still cost 20k+ 




 So I'm looking at an Evo viii/ix or a WRX right now. But I'm looking for alternatives because those are pushing it in terms of insurance ccosts. Any ideas? Must be fast, built post 2000, able to handle snow, and less than 14k. Manual transmission is a plus. It doesn't need to be a four door but I do need to be able to squeeze four people in. 









 I'm in the market for an '08+ WRX. I know I should look for salvage titles, and I assume if it has mods I should checkout the tranny, but what else? Is their a difference in performance between the hatch and the sedan? Finally will they be much cheaper when '14 rolls around? Because I'd love to get an STI, but I can't afford one at the moment. 














 You always hear about how a man is a scumbag because he took home a chick that is smashed, and how he is having rape charges filed against him. If the man is also smashed why is he the scumbag? Aren't they equally at fault? 
























 Assuming the coke is in it's powder form, and none of the drugs are laced. 














 Not in the health facts sense, but in the gross storage/preperation sense. 




 I'm an American and I'm planning on visiting Ireland soon. What should I do? What shouldn't I do? For instance my ancestors were Irish. Do Irish people get annoyed when we talk about that? Is there pub etiquette that we may not know about? etc. 




 Like what genre? 




 Mine are:

Hero of war - Rise Against

Where were you (when the world stopped turning) - Alan Jackson

Otherside - Macklemore (I'm not sure if this song is actually that sad. It might be because I was in a bad place because a close family member relapsed when I first heard it, and I associate it with that.)

There are a couple more I just can't think of them now. Will edit if I do. 




 Are you trying to maximize the human experience? Do you use them to study? Just curious. 




 A little background, I'm a senior in high school searching for work/paid internships over the summer. My high school diploma is coming with something that basically says I specialized in business   marketing while I was there. I'm not sure if other states do this, but here in Oregon it's called Career Aligned Mastery (CAM). For privacy reasons I will not put my resume up, but I have some questions.

Is it appropriate to list my tutor as a reference? If I'm applying for a summer job online can I say that I have a high school diploma? I have not graduated yet, but I will by the time I've started working there. Finally, do I mention the CAM or will they not care? 




 Context: you can get as much as you want, whenever you want, totally for free. BUT the drug has not been studied, so there is no way of knowing if it will screw you up in the long run. 

NZT-48 is the pill from the movie Limitless.

My answer: Yes I would. A drug that unlocks every scrap of information you have ever heard or seen in your life while simultaneously giving you limitless motivation is too good to pass up. 




 Did you notice any changes to your senses or your physical abilities? Do you have any stories that you feel like sharing? 




 It'll be primarily on flat, paved, bike paths. I'm looking at the mercier kilo TT and the Fuji track classic right now. I'd like to get a single speed for ease of use, but I'd consider geared bicycles. Fixies without a flip flop hub are out of the question. On both those bikes I would replace the handlebars, and put a second rear brake lever on the drop bar. Any other suggestions? My budget is $650. 




 Hey all! In preparation for college next year I've decided to start trying to live on less than $50.00 per week including food, transportation, and entertainment. Today I decided to spend a bit extra on lunch because I've started riding my bike instead of driving. The review will be broken into two parts: The angry whopper, and BK's new satisfries.

Angry Whopper: Initially I was going to get chicken strips, but when I saw the pic of the angry whopper I had to try it. It's your standard sized whopper with pepperjack, bacon, jalapenoes, and a spicy sauce. The picture made it seem like they would put french fries on the burger for you, however mine did not. I sat down in the BK and opened the box. The burger looked similar to the picture. It is pretty messy. It wasn't too spicy it just had enough kick to the point that you could feel it. all in all 7/10 (on the fast food scale).

Satisfries: (medium size) These were the reason I went to BK. I had been wanting to try them. They are crinkle cut, and healthier than the classic BK french fries. I didn't get ketchup so I just a them plain which was fine because they are decently salty. They're not crispy at all. I would compare them in terms of size and texture to steak fries. Despite the mixed reviews I enjoyed them. They have more of the soft potato filler stuff in them than your stereotypical fast food french fry. They tasted like the fries at 5 guys except less greasy. 8/10 just don't expect them to taste like BK's classic fries. 







































 I watched the first episode of the season and the second made no sense. So I looked at the order of episodes on the wiki and it's completely different from Netflix. 

Edit: I'm also down a few drinks so sorry for the grammar.  









 I really want an open air truck but the broncos are too expensive, the wranglers are too common, and there aren't any clean scouts around these parts. Is there any other type of open truck?  









 What did he do to you? I know that he spreads the party school rep, but that doesn't really seem like enough for most people I've talked to to dislike him.  














 The weight room in my high school has an assisted pull up machine. I have never seen one of those before in my life. Have I just not been looking hard enough or is it a rarity?  














 So yesterday I was weightlifting and one of the guys I was lifting with wanted me to do deadlifts. The form he showed me felt off but I went with it, legs straight and at shoulder width back bent when picking up the weight. After a few reps I felt a twinge on the lower right side of my back, initially I didn't realize what it was because it wasn't excessively painful, but I soon stopped when I realized ehat was happening. Since then I've had sort of a dull soreness in that lower right area of my back. I can't really feel it when I'm standing or lying flat on my back. Yesterday it seemed to go away when I was taking a hot shower. I really don't want to deal with a doctor but I also really don't want to screw up my back permanently. I know for certain that I won't use anymore free weights or do back exercises until I've researched proper form.

**tl;dr** Was deadlifting with straight legs and bent back yesterday and felt slight twinge. Today I have a sort of dull pain on the right side of my lower back that goes away when standing or lying flat. What do I do?

**edit**

I did a sort of stretching exercise and if I lift my knee so thet it's at a 90 degree angle while my body is turned to the right of my waist then when I put it down I feel a popping in my back.  









 My only riding experience is the MSF course. I was just offered a great deal on an FZ6 but I'm worried that it might be too much bike. I am a big guy, ~260 lbs so I have been looking for something bigger than a 250. My other options are an SV650 naked, and a ninja 500. I know the SV650 is tame for a 650 so I'm not as worried about grabbing too much throttle and launching myself to my death. 









 I really want to watch Common Law which aired for one season during the summer of 2012. It's a USA show so I'm surprised that it's not on instant.  


































 I've got two pairs of prescription ray ban sunglasses and now I need a non script pair for when I wear contacts, not looking to spend another $200. 



















 I'm visiting SoCal and it seems like every other driver is looking at their damn phone, nobody signals their lane changes, everybody is going a good 10-20 mph over the limit, and there is debris everywhere. Holy fucking Jesus this place is insane. I feel bad for you CA riders. I could not ride here.

/rant. 









 We're staying about an hour south of SB but I'm going to go check out SBCC this week. Our entire group is coming. What can two high school seniors and four middle aged parents do in SB for a day? 









 How's it ride? How hard is it to build?  Is it comfortable for longer rides? 


[For those that don't know what I'm talking about](http://www.rycamotors.com) 














 So I saw some scratches on my car today located below the driver's side headlight.

http://imgur.com/a/eN8rO#0

I don't know what did it. There have always been scratches there, but I'm not sure if they were that bad. I feel like if I was hit/sideswiped at some point,  or conversely,  scratched someone else unknowingly then I there would be scratches above those. I do tend to pull forward pretty far when I park so it could be damage from a bush but I'm not sure. Any ideas? 
























 Are aviators and wayfarers still cool? 









 I'll be moving soon for college. The campus is sketchy to say the least... There are at least two days out of the year that I know for a fact I won't be able to keep my bike on campus, and there's still a lot of vandalism and theft and shit year round. Have any of you used a storage unit as a garage? I want to at least be able to take the bike out on weekends. I don't see why there would be any problems, but before I try to figure out the logistics I'd like r/motorcycle's opinion. 




 I'm not looking for anything difficult. Just looking for swooping curves and straights to really open the car up on. Preferably out in the country.  









 I had a Facebook friend "come out" as a polygamist today. He had recently been married but they got divorced. He is now in a relationship with a couple he met online.  



















 I tried to watch Dallas, the remake of the show about the oil family, and I made it about halfway through the first season before I gave up. My mistake may have been trying to binge it, but it felt like it was just dragging on and a bit overly dramatic. Should I give it another try? 




 I tried to watch Dallas, the remake of the show about the oil family,  and I made it about halfway through the first season before I gave up. My mistake may have been trying to binge it, but it felt like it was just dragging on and a bit overly dramatic. Should I give it another try? 



















 So I'll be attending a CCC in fall with the goal of transferring to a UC and becoming a resident. My parents will be sending me the maximum amount of money possible without claiming me as a dependent so that I can pay off tuition and housing. Now, my question is, once I become a resident can they claim me as a dependent again without putting me in danger of losing my in state tuition or residency?  




 I'm 18 and have about 100 lbs to lose, but the thought of having saggy skin for the rest of my life concerns me. I'm going to lose the weight regardless because that's a bigger issue, but as long as I'm at the very beginning stages of weight loss, are there any preventative measures I can take? I know I should take it slow, but I also want to lose as much as possible before college starts in august. 














 We've been debating for about 15 minutes now. I say no, he says yes, and the internet seems undecided. Unfortunately we're not able to test our respective hypotheses at the moment.  



















 I've never really understood it because nobody is actively promoting rape or saying it's ok, and rarely do people defend rapists. But the term "rape culture" implies (to me) that most of society is actively promoting, committing,  and defending rape. 




 I really wanted to go to a mid-top tier UC as a freshman, but alas it proved to be too hard to do as an out of state applicant. I have made the decision to attend SBCC and attempt to transfer to UCSB, USC, UCLA, or any other solid California school. In an attempt to squeeze the most enjoyment out of my few years of higher education I have also decided to stay in a private dorm (Tropicana Gardens). My concern is that I was going through some posts regarding SBCC on this sub, and it seems like SBCC students are discriminated against. Apparently they are even forced to wear a wrist band to get into Isla Vista (wtf? I didn't realize that IV is a gated community). Will being a CC student cause me much grief? I'm mainly going to SBCC so that I can transfer into a good school, but I'd be lying if I said that stuff like Deltopia didn't help me make my choice. I don't want to get kicked out of parties or hassled for being a CC student. So, what's the deal? Will I be able to live happily alongside you guys? 




 So I'm going to be visiting SB with my parents during spring break to check out Isla Vista, SBCC, and downtown SB. I'm looking for a place where I can rent a scooter or a small motorcycle so that I can kind of explore without my parents. The only place that comes up on google is Moto Loco, but their website doesn't seem to confirm that they rent any motorized two wheeled vehicles. Any ideas? 




 It is one of the best war documentaries that I have ever seen. It's as powerful as Restrepo. The premise is that a tight knit group of childhood friends enlist in the National Guard together. They are deployed to Afghanistan in 2008. The movie starts with them preparing for their deployment, but by far the most powerful part is that they interview the family members as well as the soldiers during their deployment. Finally, it follows their transition back into society and their struggle with PTSD. It'll make you want to cry, it'll make you want to laugh, and it'll make you angry.  

















































 So there's a really cool tour company located in Hawaii that I'm very interested in working at for a summer. A youtuber that I follow is friends with the owner and he is frequently featured in videos. I wouldn't work as a tour guide obviously, but if I sent him a resume with my qualifications and said that I'd be willing to do any job for near minimum wage, do you think I would get a response?

A bit about me, I'm in college and my work experience is limited. I'm studying business/marketing. 














 I was talking to a Hawaiian friend and he was complaining thaf nobody sells spam musubi here. Now I want to try it. 









 So I'm wondering if these are symptoms of depression and/or anxiety. [I posted a related question here yesterday](http://www.reddit.com/r/mentalhealth/comments/1y1mg7/can_depression_cause_you_to_blur_or_confuse/)

So about six months ago a thought popped into my head. I won't say what it is because it makes me uncomfortable. Basically the thought was, what if I'm a (x)? From there it started spiraling out of control.  I couldn't get the idea that I'm a (x) out of my head. At first it was no big deal, but eventually whenever I started planning for my future (college, after college, etc) the thought would pop into my head and I would tell myself that I couldn't do the things I want to do for fear that I'm a (x) and won't be able to control myself. That made me sad, but I pushed on. Around two months ago (when i was at the peak of my depression) I had a horrible intrusive thought related to the idea that I'm a (x). Basically in reality the course of events went one way, but the intrusive thought took them another way. However, in the past day or so I haven't been able to separate the two in my memory. Consciously I know that one is false and the other is true,  but something in me keeps trying to convince me that the intrusive thought is reality,  which it is not. It's really messing with my head. 

I decided to test this problem I have with keeping reality and my thoughts separate. Minor stuff was easy. If I told myself that on Monday I went out to lunch with John when in reality I went with James, could always pick out the lie. Same with very major stuff like when I tried to convince myself that I didn't get a traffic ticket two years ago. But there were some things that happened anywhere from two months to two years ago that I consciously know which one is the truth and which is the lie, but something in me says otherwise. 


**TL; DR** 

Consciously I can separate truth from reality,  but somethinv between my conscious and my subconscious is trying to convince me that something I imagined is reality. 









 I suspect I have depression. I plan on getting checked or tested or whatever, but something peculiar has been happening to me recently. I seem to be mixing a memory with an intrusive thought that happened at the same time (a month and a half ago) as the event I'm remembering. Now, I know which one happened and which one was the intrusive thought, but they're slowly becoming less separate and I fear that if this continues that I wont be able to distinguish them in 5, 10, 20 years from now. Now, the event in question happened during a two week span in which I was more depressed than I had ever felt in my life. Like I was seriously fucked up. I had a lump in my throat the whole time, intrusive thoughts were happening multiple times a day, I was nervous the entire time, I nearly had panic attacks. It was the first time I had ever thought to myself "Fuck... I need to get help". I was even crying when I was by myself which is very unusual for me. Now, my second question is, once I'm on meds, or my depression is gone, will it be easier to distinguish memories? One of the reasons I'm sure that I have depression is that I'm only 18, yet all of my memories have been blurring together. Like on thursday I couldn't remember whether several events had happened on monday, tuesday, or wednesday. 




 I suspect I have depression. I plan on getting checked or tested or whatever, but something peculiar has been happening to me recently. I seem to be mixing a memory with an intrusive thought that happened at the same time (a month and a half ago) as the event I'm remembering. Now, I know which one happened and which one was the intrusive thought, but they're slowly becoming less separate and I fear that if this continues that I wont be able to distinguish them in 5, 10, 20 years from now. Now, the event in question happened during a two week span in which I was more depressed than I had ever felt in my life. Like I was seriously fucked up. I had a lump in my throat the whole time, intrusive thoughts were happening multiple times a day, I was nervous the entire time, I nearly had panic attacks. It was the first time I had ever thought to myself "Fuck... I need to get help". I was even crying when I was by myself which is very unusual for me. Now, my second question is, once I'm on meds, or my depression is gone, will it be easier to distinguish memories? One of the reasons I'm sure that I have depression is that I'm only 18, yet all of my memories have been blurring together. Like on thursday I couldn't remember whether several events had happened on monday, tuesday, or wednesday. 



















 I've never been baptized or anything like that either. 





























 Tell me about the time you went dancing with the green fairy. 














 I've never owned a motorcycle but I've been wanting one for a while. Accidental broadcast has convinced me that owning a DS would be the bee's knees. I've got no more than 2750 to spend. Is there anything that's smaller than 500cc, reliable, and fun in that price range? I'm looking to do ~80% commuting and 20% trail, sand, forest type exploring. 

There's a '99 WR400F on Craigslist in my price range if you think that's worth getting.  









 Their [Ninja Cafe Racer Kit](http://bluecollarbobbers.com/kawasaki-ninja-250-cafe-racer-aka-gpx-250r) intrigues me. How is the quality and ease of installation? 






















































 In the past if two countries were going to war with each other it was very easy for the respective Gov'ts to spread propaganda that demonizes the other country and it's citizens. Today I communicate with Europeans, Asians, and South Americans on reddit every day. I predict that most if not all of the wars involving first world countries for the rest of civilization as we know it will be fought against insurgents and disconnected third world countries. 









 I usually listen to the KNRQ morning show on 103.7 but lately I've been wanting to mix it up.  I don't really care about the music,  at least in the morning, I mainly listen for the banter. 









 She still doesn't think it's a good idea, but she agrees that squids inflate the crash data. [The findings can be found here](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_findings_in_the_Hurt_Report)

Some interesting points:

23) Motorcycle riders with previous recent traffic citations and accidents are overrepresented in the accident data.

24) The motorcycle riders involved in accidents are essentially without training; 92% were self-taught or learned from family or friends. Motorcycle rider training experience reduces accident involvement and is related to reduced injuries in the event of accidents.

27) Almost half of the fatal accidents show alcohol involvement.

35) Motorcycle riders in these accidents were significantly without motorcycle license, without any license, or with license revoked.

43) Seventy-three percent of the accident-involved motorcycle riders used no eye protection.

44) Approximately 50% of the motorcycle riders in traffic were using safety helmets but only 40% of the accident-involved motorcycle riders were wearing helmets at the time of the accident.

55) Less than 10% of the motorcycle riders involved in these accidents had insurance of any kind to provide medical care or replace property. 







































 I started a circlejerk. Damn you, Reddit. 









 I've got school, so I can't get a job. I plan on selling stuff on ebay, but how else? 


































 http://www.superdrugsaver.com/

They've got [provigil generic](http://www.superdrugsaver.com/generic-medicine/451/Provigil.html) and [nuvigil generic](http://www.superdrugsaver.com/generic-medicine/563/Nuvigil.html) 









 **My 5 Questions:**

1. By making this movie you have become more (in)famous than ever before. 20/20 hindsight,  do you regret making it?

2. Did all of the drugs you took leave any lasting damage?

3. Do you think that the sentence you got was fair considering how many people you swindled?

4. What is your greatest regret?

5. How accurate was the scene where you were on qualuudes and trying to save Jonah Hill's character? 

**Public Contact Information:** 

http://jordanbelfort.com/

http://jordanbelfort.com/contact_us/ 




 The term "mass shooting" has become synonymous with aimless killing, usually involving schools, or someone firing into a crowd. But I've noticed that recently many shootings that would have been reported on as gang violence five years ago are being called mass shootings. The same goes for murders perpetrated in a public place.  









 Victor Pride from [Bold and Determined](http://boldanddetermined.com/) does a great job of introducing people to nootropics, or life hacks as he calls them. He does an especially good job of [introducing people to Modafinil](http://boldanddetermined.com/2012/07/12/become-mighty-modafinil/). Here's the issue, he makes it seem like using nootropics, especially modafinil, will turn you into a Greek God capable of taking on armies and solving the riddles of the universe. He makes it seem like if you pop some modafinil today, then tomorrow you'll wake up as a billionaire. The issue is that when Victor Pride tells some kid that using Modafinil is going to be like using NZT-48, and it isn't, that kid is either going to tell everyone and their mother that nootropics are modern day snake oil, or he's going to try something stronger, like a high dose of adderall. I think that while he introduces people to nootropics, he is ultimately going to cause harm to the nootropics community. You've heard *my* opinion on the matter, but I'm genuinely curious to know what you think. I'm also curious to know if you think newcomers should be warned about him. 




 I've been saving up for a while now to get my first bike. I really want a WR250R, but they are so expensive used that I think I might just get another bike and trade it in when I get more funds. I found this Buell Blast:

http://www.cycletrader.com/listing/2009-Buell-Blast-110572701

I like the looks of the bike and I've come to the realization that I won't have any use for a D/S until I move to California in nine months, so maybe a street bike is just what I need. My concerns with the Buell is that they've been discontinued so parts will become scarcer and scarcer, I'm not sure how easy it is to get them serviced, and I'm not sure if it's as good a first bike as say a Ninja 300 or 500 or a CBR250R. I'd like your thoughts on the matter though. Buy this and ride it while I save up for a WR250R or just wait until I can afford the bike I want? 




 My evidence:

- The Mother has never been referred to in present tense by the narrator

- Whenever future Ted talks about her he sounds kind of sad. Definitely the whimsical, romantic Ted we've come to know and love.

- The last episode is titled "Last Forever"

- At the end of the last episode Ted makes a comment to the mother. "Nothing good happens after 2 AM (future Ted then interjects to say to his son, "except for you, luke)" before they set off to the hospital. After 2 AM.

- The producers decided on the ending early on. No matter how much they changed the plot around it wouldn't mess with an ending that results in her death.

- at the end of the "Time Travelers" episode Ted is seen pleading for more time with the mother. He wants 45 more days.

- The mother never narrates.

- She is never in any flash forward beyond 10 years or so. 




 Hey all! I'm new to this sub, but we recently had a men's rights victory at my school that I felt like sharing. My school has a daycare center that students are allowed to volunteer at. They receive credit for volunteering and if they do it for more than two semesters they become a paid employee. In the years prior to this school year, male student volunteers were not allowed to change diapers or escort the kids to the bathroom, even the boys. One of the male students saw the inequality in this and petitioned the parents of the daycare children to allow male students to change diapers and escort kids to the bathroom. He succeeded! 





























 Especially when it comes to things you wouldn't think to look up when driving in another state. Like lane splitting in CA or no right on red in NY. 




 I did it today but I'm starting to think it was illegal. Here's a drawing I made if the turn: 

http://imgur.com/XEaDwNf 









 I mainly use my PC for netflix, school, and minecraft. It runs minecraft just fine. It's a Sony Vaio S that I bought new like 10 months ago. The specs I can find:

RAM: 12.0 GB w/ 11.9 GB usable 

64 bit operating system, x64 based processor

windows 8

Intel Core i7 processor

and I know it has some sort of nvidia graphics card



Edit:

On the "Windows Experience Index" the processor score is 7.7, RAM is 7.7, graphics is 5.9, gaming graphics is 6.5, and primary hard disk is 5.9 


































 **My 5 Questions:**

1. Why did you defect?

2. It's common for defectors to be fined, did this happen to you?

3. What was life like at Gold Base (or whatever compound you were at, although I think I've only heard of one other)?

4. Did it feel like you were being imprisoned?

5. What was "The Hole" like?

**Public Contact Information:** If Applicable 

















































 **My 5 Questions:**

1. Did it truly feel like you were in another reality?

2. How did the experience compare to playing a game on Xbox or Playstation?

3. Did you ever forget that you were playing a game? 

4. Would you want to play a FPS on it?

5. If you could choose one existing game to play on it what would it be? 
























