




 Wendel once approached me as I was waiting for a friend and gave me a one-on-one tailoring workshop as I helped him re-pin the hem of his dress... I remember him complaining that the fabric he uses is becoming too popular and is selling out.  




 There's also a new place in Gowanus that's similar to 3rd ward, although I forget its name    




 Don't even consider staying in the Sperdorm! Live somewhere where you can live the life, learn Turkish, etc...

If you have a decent budget (maybe up to 700 lira a month) try Cihangir, galata, etc... You can also try living  in Tarlaba for a different experience if you want full immersion  (IE living in a Kurdish\Roma ghetto).It's cheaper there and in a few other places like Kasmpaa than in the trendy neighborhoods but requires some more street smarts and Turkish skills. Student-oriented places can also be found in Bekta or, of course, near Boazii.  




 I've heard that the CIA uses colonial williamsburg as a kind of practical field training ground for agents headed on assignment to foreign countries. Practicing how to follow people, dewdrops, and the like. Did you ever witness this?  




 I went to high school with the creator of this site!  




 This is new york, not Berlin... I don't know if you'll find a squat.  









 quite a common sight in Istanbul too:
 http://mw2.google.com/mw-panoramio/photos/medium/3515933.jpg 




 Where did your family live before the US? 




 As far as I'm concerned the best brunch is at a place called "Home Made" in Red Hook (bklyn). Only open on weekends

http://homemadebklyn.com/home_made_bklyn/home_made_bklyn.html 




 Trke konuan bir Amerikan'm (Trkiye'de okudum). Yani tabii Trkiye hakknda ok eyler biliyorum, arkadalarm diyorlar ki onlardan ben stanbul'un sokaklar daha iyi biliyorum.  Tamam. . . Trkiye'yi dunuurken kafama ilk geldii ey. . . . .  knefe ;-p 




 What about "Cok Duydum" - I'm full! that's the most useful turkish phrase I know, although I'm also partial to "Dil dile deemeden dili renilmez"  




 couchsurfing.org! 




 Key tips from someone who has lived in Turkey...
* Do not stay in Sultanahmet, which is a giant theme park for tourists. Stay in Beyoglu. I've heard good things about the "World House" hostel and also "Neverland," which was the cheapest and attracted the most quirky and interesting guests at the time.
* the couch surfing network in Istanbul is great. Use it. At least goto a meet up  
* Your budget will be greatly reduced if you don't drink. Alcohol is heavily taxed and very expensive. 
* Immediately buy the "Istanbul Eats" book or visit their blog (same information). Use this and you won't have a bad meal. 
*Spend more time in Turkey\Istanbul than you think you'll want to. 
* From the airport you will save a lot of money if you take the "Hava" shuttle instead of a cab. Just make sure it's going to the right place (probably "Taksim")
* Goto the following neighborhoods: Taksim, Galata, Tnel, Cihangir, Balat\Fener, Kadky, Karaky, one of the islands if the weather is nice, perhaps Arnavutky or Rumeli Hsar\Saryer. 
* Save money by taking public transit. The bus system is great as are the trams, metro, ferries. The *Dolmu*es, a kind of shared taxi, will especially save you money and time
* Bargain 
* Try to go elsewhere in Turkey... Kapadokya. The Coast. If you are really intrepid and adventurous perhaps the South East. Skip Ankara.  




 college "circus" scenes are very different from professional circus and especially from studying clown.  




 Why, when you visited my highschool to read from your book several years ago, did you start the talk with degrading comments about the student body and then proceed to cross out lines from your book as you read it to us?  




 Brooklynite #2 here... "The Nelson Mandela" projects are a fictional name given to the Gowanus houses which are hardly "deep" in brooklyn (they are in cobble hill\Carroll gardens). 

There was a raid there though from your friends in the DEA... http://www.brownstoner.com/blog/2010/10/huge-drug-bust/ 




 head to jackson heights. best indian food in the city (--jackson diner) then check out the patel brothers supermarket 




 Twisted Soul? 









 1: Trke biliyor musun? 
2: What city do you teach in? Is it in the US (aka Paterson) or somewhere actually in Turkey? 
 
























 FOOD HERE IS AMAZING! 




 Or Nice Green Bo 




 It's probably Uzbek? 




 these are guidebook "best NYC eats" and not the true hidden gems. . . 




 Def not serbs. He is probably talking about the very very small handful of radicalized muslims in post-conflict former yugoslavia who were in conflict WITH orthodox serbians. 




 that's a greater-than sign. . .  




 Macerate away!  




 If its only changing the color it's probably not real or at least not fresh. To use saffron properly you need to grind down a few threads and then dilute the powder in water, or sometimes rose water or orange blossom water. Then add the liquid to your dish 




 Alice Ct maybe ?  




 The best I've ever gotten was when I was stuck in traffic on the Bklyn bridge. The cabby looked into the mirror towards me and squinted. He said "You are Jewish... yes?" Trapped in the moment, I wasn't sure how to proceed but I decided it was best to be truthful and after a moment I replied, "Yes..." There was a long pause.

Finally, he looks back into the mirror and simply declares. "At home we fight, but here we are friends. We have the same food."  




 I would do this:



These could be in any order:
1 day devoted to the museums others have mentioned and central park.

1 day starting in Union square, walking down through the west village, crossing over to the east village and then perhaps down further through soho for dinner in chinatown. You could also do that all, get a late lunch in chinatown and then continue across the brooklyn bridge and see dumbo, bkyn bridge park, brooklyn heights and get dinner around there. There's great middle eastern food that's cheap on atlantic ave. and many other options on smith st. 

You could easily split the above day into two and make that the third day. Instead of wasting your time in the tourist wasteland that is timesquare, what about finding a theater experience more true to downtown NYC? Check out the Saint Ann's Warehouse in dumbo (you could walk there over the Manhattan bridge from china town after your lunch!) Look in the village voice or timeoutNY for listings. Or sleep no more. Or The Flea Theater. 

  




 Does anyone know if the typical delivery man in NYC actually receives a tip if you list one on seamless? I usually hold off and tip cash because I'm not sure...  




 Brooklyn is a VERY big place. Where in brooklyn are you looking for takeout? Your best bet wherever you are might just be going to seamless.com and choosing from your local options there 




 That's total bull. It's Tahini-based!!!! 




 There isn't really any good food or shopping on SOHO or the Village. . .  




 4 days is NOT ENOUGH AT ALL for istanbul! 




 there are some places on canal in the around broadway\chambers\etc.. that offer gear  that I suspect is on the level you're looking for although if B H doesn't satisfy you, I don't know what will. Some of these places have speaker rooms, but then again so does B H  




 craigslist, trulia
 




 No no no. The best torta is from the folks who sell goat ones from a little cart in Red Hook in the spring\summer!  




 I hate when people pronounce istanbul "eeesshhhtanbul" in an effort to seem worldly when in reality they are just wrong.   




 Listened to it. I don't think it's arabic. The only thing I can say confidently is that it's DEFINITELY not a Turkic language. Some of the sounds seem reminiscent  persian to me but I don't think it's farsi. I wonder if maybe it's Tajik?  





























