 ohh nnnoooo 




 Awesome.

Superman's origin seems to be very much like Birthright also. Birthright and All Star are by far the best Superman stories I've ever read so I'm certainly excited. 




 It's crotchtastic  




 That Jurassic Park one is definitely not true  




 I'm not really familiar with Leos Carax and I haven't seen Holy Motors, but is that the same sewer monster man from Tokyo? Is this film somehow related? 




 Most of the screenshots have made the map look huge and expansive and dense and detailed.

This one does not. 




 The guy from Live Free or Die Hard, Sunshine and Colombiana is Cliff Curtis and he was absolutely not in Star Trek. The guy from Iron Man and Star Trek is Faran Tahir and he looks nothing like him. 




 I definitely don't think Miley is anywhere near the hottest girl in the world, but her new short haircut is pretty damn hot  




 Just a HD re release of Destroy All Humans 1 on the Destroy All Humans 3 engine would be worth a purchase.

2 and 3 were pretty terrible. But I loved 1 so much and stll play it today, and one of the best aspects was the awesome campy 50s setting and atmosphere. But 3 had a really cool next gen physics engine and way more advanced TK and flying saucer abilities. Plus more destructibility.  




 If by giant black cock you mean [this guy](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0006535/) then sure 




 It always looks awkward when a dude tucks his fancy dress shirt into cheap ugly jeans 




 That was such a dumb scene. Does Alfred just google Bane and get all this info on the secretive League of Shadows and Bane's past and everything  




 Do people really jerk off into socks? Why the hell would anyone do that...  




 That was hilarious  




 Fuck yeah Action Hank 




 Is that Juliette Lewis? 




 That chick is hot 




 Is this from something? Because its hilarious. 




 That's the one thing I didn't like about it. Otherwise it was a really fantastic fun action movie. But once it started going down *that* path in the third act it felt a little off. It kinda cheapened what was supposed to be the most emotional and important part of the movie. Also I thought the cameo towards the end was dumb.

But pretty much if you liked the first you'll like this. Fun and cool and fast paced and funny and with a surprisingly interesting and unpredictable story. A little bit darker and more serious, but nothing drastic. Maybe not quite as good as the first one, but its definitely worth seeing. I really really liked it. 




 I am Australian and I have never seen of heard of this thing before. That's crazy 




 What's up with that guy's cheeky exposed nipple 




 Adaptation is definitely my favorite Nicolas Cage film, and one of my all time favorite films altogether. That would have been a perfect example. Or Leaving Las Vegas or Matchstick Men or Raising Arizona or Lord of War or Bringing Out The Dead or The Weather Man or even The Rock if you wanna get silly-but-still awesome.

Nicolas Cage was brilliant back in the day, but 8mm is just not at all very good. 




 There are so many absolutely fantastic Nicolas Cage movies. The man even has an Academy Award. And to make a point about all his movies being not silly you choose a cheesy over the top Joel Schumacher movie that is universally thought to be pretty silly. 

*Kill them, Machine! Kill them all!* 




 Jeez, textures look rough as hell 




 Looks a lot more like Shaun than Fuzz

I am excited as hell. Shaun and Fuzz are two of my all time favorite movies and I never get sick of watching them over and over again. Edgar, Simon and Nick know how to pull off some of the most fun and fast paced, and yet incredibly intelligent and well crafted comedies you're gonna find today.

Honestly, in my opinion, this trilogy might even be revered years from now along with other brilliant cult comedies like Big Lebowsky, Airplane and Dr Strangelove.

EDIT: I hope Bill Nighy has a cameo 




 LOL NARWHAL BACONS AT MIDNIGHT 




 The Jim Lee was is pretty meh  




 Brad Bird made an amazing film I really hope he returns, but I heard something about Christopher McQuarrie, the director of Jack Reacher and Way of the Gun, directing this one.  




 Rebel of the Caboose would be a great title for the eventual porn parody  




 That opening paragraph did not make you out to be much of a sympathetic protagonist  




 I heard 3x bigger in terms of landmass, 5x if you include underwater and interiors 




 Those weird girls from middle school 




 So many new features and so much new content. I was not expecting this. Surely they're going to port this over to next gen? The next consoles come out like 2 months after this game is released, it'd be crazy to not have a simple ported version playable on them. 




 Thanks! 




 Yeah I understand real dinosaurs had feathers, but these are Jurassic Park specific dinosaurs, so I love that they're sticking to the classic design. It doesn't take much more than a quick throwaway line to explain it away through genetic engineering or whatever.
I mean in real life raptors were like 4 feet tall, and I don't think anyone wants that.  




 No feathers. #JP4 - @colintrevorrow Twitter

https://twitter.com/colintrevorrow 

Bah, sorry, I don't know how to link to a specific tweet 




 Should have been played by Michael Ironside 




 The director already confirmed no feathers  




 Except the Wolverine character in the movies is not short at all. Wolverine in the comics is short. Wolverine in the movies is the exact same height as Hugh Jackman. In no other Xmen or Wolverine movies including this one has he been short. He is always just as tall, even taller, than all the other characters.  




  *Punches television*  




 Weird. I loved the documentary series, but this really doesn't look like its presented in a documentary format at all. So it's like a normal movie about a dinosaur without any dialogue or anything?  




 Wow that is sad. Even the dog leaves. 




 BioShock Infinite came out recently and is one of the best games I've played in years 




 In the actual film the title is spelled out like that. 

IRON MAN THREE

It looks weird.  




 I fucking love it 




 I don't think any GTA has ever had a song appear in a trailer and not in the final game  




 Well that looks ridiculously awesome  




 Did you go to one of the screenings? 




 Yeah the idea is really cool, but the boat seemed way too small and light. 




 I'm pretty sure Guillermo said that the voice was using 100% the same computery filter effects in the first trailer, and that the voice in this trailer, which is still very similar, will be the once in the film 




 I thought NPH and Bruce Greenwood were spot on for their roles, and DiMaggio was a really fantastic and different take on Joker, it was great to see that he didn't just try to copy Mark Hamill like so many people do. But I thought Jensen Ackles was pretty weak. 




 It's totally a valid excuse, but not when you're trying to get people to give you thousands of dollars for your weight loss program. 




 :(  




 I'm guessing Martian Manhunter will be next. But I reeeeaally hope we better get either Animal Man or Swamp Thing. 




 GD 




 A couple of references to the incident in New York and the Avengers, Happy Hogan calls them the Super Friends, which was funny.
The Exxon oil company or whatever is mentioned. And of course Bruce Banner in the post credits sequence. Other than those little winks and nods this movie felt very separate from the rest of the Avengers universe. 




 I need an adult 




 I am up to here right now 




 Yeah that one stood out to me too. That was brutal. 




 nope 




 Stan Lee then says that he is anticipating the storyline that Palmiotti wrote for the game. Which is probably just a nice thing for Stan to say. He's a very busy man but I get the distinct impression he doesn't really read many comic books these days - Marvel, DC or otherwise - and is interested in other creative ventures, so I doubt he really has the time or desire to check out the in-game storyline here.

In the interview he did with Kevin Smith on Fatman on Batman he said he had never really read any DC comics at all 




 Yeah that's right. Whoopsie. Fixed 




 [spoiler](/s "Kinda obvious. I thought Gary Mitchel fit better and was a more interesting, less well known character, but Kahn is still pretty cool. I thought it might be a bit early in the new franchise to have that character show up,") but if the movie is great then it doesn't really matter who the villain ends up being. 




 I figure most people here have played the game with all the crazy posts about it recently, so I thought this would get an answer. I haven't bought it yet but I'm sure I'll get around to it eventually.

So I was wondering, what happens if you use Doomsday or Superman or Flash's super move while on the Watchtower map? The animation for those three supers definitely can only take place on the earth. Even Hawkgirl, Captain Marvel and Black Adam's super moves deal with the characters being below the clouds. Do the characters just magically teleport down to earth for the super move and then magically teleport back to the Watchtower to continue the fight? 














 So it seems that the Injustice: Gods Among Us roster is as follows:

Ares

Aquaman

Bane

Batman

Black Adam

Catwoman

Cyborg

Deathstroke

Doomsday

Flash

Green Arrow

Green Lantern

Harley Quinn

Hawkgirl

Joker

Killer Frost

Lex Luthor

Nightwing

Raven

Shazam

Sinestro

Solomon Grundy

Superman

Wonder Woman

That's 24 in total, and it appears there will be another 4 characters available as DLC with the season pass, which brings us to 28 characters. So if you could pick any 28 characters to be in Injustice, who would you have gone with?
 




 Since there's still no confirmed director for the next Bond film, I thought it might be fun if we just discussed who we'd like to see take over from Mendes.
Here are my top five choices, plus I think they're all fairly realistic.

1 - Martin Campbell

Directed two of the best bonds (in my opinion) and while it might be a safe or boring choice to bring him back, we'd be assured a great film. Plus his non-Bond films always end up being disasters anyway, so he might as well stick with subject matter he can pull off.

2 - Edward Zwick

Last Samurai, Blood Diamond, Defiance (with Daniel Craig) He just seems like exactly the kind of director who could make a great Bond film.

3 - Guy Ritchie

A lot of rumours are floating around about him taking over, and while it seems like a strange choice to me, the Sherlock Holmes filmed certainly showed that he's capable.

4 - Joe Wright

Another name that I've heard being mentioned a lot. I actually haven't seen anything of his besides Hannah, but I've heard good things.

5 - Matthew Vaughn

I'm not the biggest Vaughn fan in the world, but Layer Cake (with Daniel Craig) was pretty great, and the first half of Xmen First Class with all the Magneto revenge stuff is brilliant, and convinces me that he could potentially nail Bond.

EDIT

Bonus Director suggestion - David Yates

I wasn't super into Harry Potter, but the last couple movies looked incredible, and had some really impressive action sequences and some really cool and interesting directorial choices.

So what do you guys think? 

Who would you like to see take over Bond 24 and why?

(Other choices that would be too weird or unrealistic or unlikely, just for fun, would be David Fincher, Tomas Alfredson, Kenneth Branagh, Pierre Morel, Chan Wook Park, Niels Arden Oplev, Luc Besson, and of course, Christopher Nolan) 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BC_(video_game)

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POZEB-H_k_0

http://au.gamespot.com/bc/

BC was a video game under development by Lionhead Studios, but it was cancelled in 2004. I remember being so so incredibly excited for it as a kid, and I still haven't really gotten over it. It was going to be super huge and elaborate, super violent, really intelligent, but mostly really fun and over the top and a bit goofy.

Basically it was an open world RPG/action adventure game where you take control of a tribe of cavemen and have to fight dinosaurs, killer apes, sabretooth tigers, and other prehistoric monsters to ensure the survival and evolution of your species. Upgrade your caveman, craft new weapons and potions, learn magic, expand your campsite, manage your tribe, hunt for food or survival or fun.

Also dinosaurs, you guys. More games need dinosaurs.

Just imagining a game of this scale and awesomeness on the next generation of consoles and PCs makes me think they really need to get this project going again. No other game is like this, it's a totally new and original and exciting crazy fun sounding idea.
At best I can guess it'd be like a prehistoric Skyrim meets Turok meets FarCry 3, only campy and silly and super violent with dinosaurs and monsters, and most importantly, bright colours and a fun cartoony art design, like games used to be before they got all super serious and big budget.

I would donate half the organs in my body to bring this game back. 









 My sister is 14, and she's always been very smart and good at reading. She's read the typical teenage girl stuff, but nothing really outside what everyone else her age is reading, and she never read very often. But recently when the Hunger Games movie came out, I mentioned that it was very similar to Battle Royale.

She seemed really interested so I got out my copy and borrowed it to her. She read it super quick and seemed to really love it. So I gave her Enders Game, and she loved that too. So I started giving her some of my favourite books, and told her she can read anything on my bookshelf. (as long as she asks first)

Now she doesn't want to read the normal stuff her friends read or her teachers reccommend her, now she wants the next book by Vonnegut or Gaiman or Twain. She even came home from school one day and said her English teacher mentioned that they'd be reading Animal Farm the next year, and that the teacher was super impressed that she had already read through Animal Farm and 1984 several times. 

Now we can talk about awesome literature and we have even more in common. I feel like we've bonded closer as friends now and we always have something interesting to talk about. This is the first time I've gotten anyone into reading and I guess I'm just super proud. Thought I'd share. :)  




 So I've watched both these movies recently, for the thousandth time, and I just realized some weird similarities between the plots and events of both movies, and I was wondering if anyone else noticed this or maybe knew if it was intentional or anything.

Not only do the plots of both films involve a dysfunctional (to say the least) family being forced to live together in a remote building for extended periods of time with little contact with the outside world, but both films also have a climax at the end where the child in said dysfunctional family is chased through a maze by their murderous father.

Not only that, but both films remain relatively ambiguous as to whether or not the supernatural elements of the story are actually occurring, or are just the result of the main character's deteriorating mental state, with the exception of a scene in both films at the start of the final act where the supernatural beings help the main character escape from an otherwise inescapable imprisonment. (Jack is freed from the pantry by Grady, Ofelia is freed from her bedroom by the Faun)

So what do you guys think? Coincidence? Intentional parallel? Bit of a reach? Do you guys know of any other films with oddly similar elements? 




 When the New 52 started, Animal Man and Swamp thing were my favorite titles. They were so unique and weird and dark and well written and funny and fucked up. Both their first arcs were absolutely incredible and they quickly became my favorite current comics. Snyder and Lemire are definitely among the best writers working in comics today, and I have no problem at all with long story arcs. But then the lead up to Rotworld started and both titles seemed to just be spinning their wheels. Especially Animal Man. I love both characters, and I love the Rot, and the characters were great on their own in the normal world, but it hasn't been grabbing me like it used to. And now that Rotworld is underway I'm not really into it at all. Plus now Snyder is leaving Swamp Thing so I'm even less enthused. I really hope Lemire and whoever takes over after Snyder have some awesome unique stand alone stories because this whole crossover event has felt really drawn out and disappointing to me. 









 I've watched a couple videos and I think the game looks awesome, but I've never played any XCom games before, or any turn based strategies before. I've played some RTSs casually and enjoyed them, but I'm no expert.
Will this game still be fun for someone who enjoys aliens and strategic battles, or will I be overwhelmed and destroyed like a caucasian StarCraft 2 player? 




 I watched the movie on tv while cooking dinner, so I feel like I maybe missed something. I absolutely loved the movie, and I thought the shot of Kong riding the nuke down would have been a perfect final shot before the nuclear explosion montage. But what was the point of the final scene where Strangelove freaks out and stands up? I totally got and loved the conversation they were having about basically restarting the arms race in a hundred years after the apocalypse, very funny and poignant, but what was happening to Strangelove? What was the Russian guy doing with that clock thing? Why end the movie there on that final line? What does it mean? Or is it just a funny line to go out on with no significance? I feel like I missed something and probably need to watch it again. 
Also I wish that alternate pie fight ending was kept. That sounds brilliant. 




 I've started collecting Batman figurines, and so far I've got a Darkest Night Batman, a 70s Justice League Batman, an Arkham City Batman, a Batman Inc Batman, and a New 52 Batman. However, when it comes to a Dark Knight/Dark Knight Rises design, every figure I can find is 6 or 12 inches, whereas all the other figures I have, as well as everything else on DC Direct, are 6.75 inches. 
I bought a 6 inch Dark Knight Batman but it looks too small and silly next to the others. Does anyone know where I can get a good quality 6.75 inch figurine? 














 I'm looking for a cool book about aliens or an alien invasion or some sort of sci fi paranoia thriller type stuff.

I'm really sick of alien invasions and apocalyptic scenarios and anything big like that. The first acts of alien stories are always my favourite. Where it's just mysterious sightings and media hysteria and paranoia and suspense and all that jazz.

If anyone knows of some more slow-burning alien sci-fi books, that are less about alien invasions and more about the mystery and conspiracies and suspense, and most importantly, if you know of any books that can really give you something to think about, I'd love to hear about them!

Thanks, guys 




 I really want to try to tackle his massively convoluted epic of insanity, but there's just so many TPBs to track down. Plus, I heard that it'd all be coming to a conclusion sometime in the near future when Batman Inc finishes.

Has there been any word of a big clean collection of everything? 




 Grant Morrison and Barry Sonnenfeld have been hyping this thing up like crazy, and it looks like a nice fun bit of insanity, so I picked it up today.

Did anyone else know that this was not at all a complete story? I paid 20 bucks for this graphic novel, and it's 3 or 4 chapters, basically an introductory first act, and the Dinosaurs and Aliens don't even fight.
The book was actually pretty cool. Nothing special, but a lot better than the silly premise would make it seem. I was actually really getting into it and enjoying where the story seemed to be going, and I was looking forward to exploring the crazy Dinosaur culture as well as the complex 'villain' aliens. But then it just suddenly ends before anything happens.  

I'm assuming there must be more books coming, but for 20 bucks I was really expecting that I'd actually get the full story, not just the first act. Especially since that it didn't say Part 1 or anything on it and it wasn't advertised as being an incomplete novel. I can't find anything about when, or even if there's more coming.

Maybe I missed something or I'm just dumb. 




 I love gangster films, and especially Scorsese films, but I have a really big interest in Japanese Yakuza and Chinese Triads.
Are there any really fantastic films based around these gangs that you guys could recommend?
Preferably more 'modern' films would be great.

Thanks! 




 I don't know much about what happens 'behind the scenes' of comicbooks, so forgive me if this has been answered already or is kinda already common knowledge or something.
Animal Man is probably my favorite book in the new 52, and one of the best books currently on the stands, and a part of what makes it great is the super surreal fucked up art by Travel Foreman.
But the last couple issues it seems that the art has changed every couple of pages, as if another artist is taking over at random points. What is the significance of this? 




 I've been meaning to read through the 'Demon' trilogy I've heard so much about, but I'm not sure which books are officially part of the trilogy and in which order I should read them. According to Amazon there's Birth of the Demon, Bride of the Demon, Son of the Demon but then also Tales of the Demon.
Can someone help me out? 




 I thought I had found one on Amazon, but when it arrived it had the new grey coloring. I'd happily buy a second hand one if such a thing is for sale anywhere. 
Thanks in advance! 




 I thought I had found one on Amazon, but when it arrived it had the new grey coloring. I'd happily buy a second hand one if such a thing is for sale anywhere. 
Thanks in advance! 



















 Show us your weird animal friends! 




 Oh Jesus Christ I feel so empty now. We've been together for two years. She was the only thing in the world that mattered to me and she made me so happy and I loved her so fucking much. I have nothing now. I can't stop weeping. 




 But when Bane's men are hanging down from their plane and blowing the tail off the smaller plane and whatnot, wouldn't they be flying behind the speeding aircraft like a couple of weightless plane banners, instead of easily hanging straight down like they were repelling from a hovering helicopter or something? 









 I don't know a whole lot about comics, so forgive me if there is an obvious loophole here.
But if Animal Man and Superman were in a fight for some reason, could Animal Man simply adopt Superman's powers to fight him? He can adopt the powers of pretty much any creature alive or dead, and I remember he even adopted Bwana Beast's powers that one time. Couldn't he just start taking powers from Superman and Flash and Captain Marvel and Aquaman and other heroes instead of just animals?

What is the limit to Animal Man's amazing and underappreciated power? 









 It is insanely packed with things to do and unlock and side missions and activities and cameos and oh my god I can't take it I'm so overwhelmed it's so glorious 














 I've only ever bought graphic novels and trade paperbacks from my local comic store, but now seems like as good a time as any to start buying comics monthly now that DC has rebooted, so I was wondering what you guys use to read your comics digitally. 

An IPad is way out of my price range, but I was thinking a Nook or a Pandigital Novel would be a good choice. Do I have to download a DC app to download comics or is there a website I should use? What about other more obscure comics from other brands? Can I subscribe to titles I like? I've never bought eBooks or used a tablet so I have no idea how they work.

Thanks in advance, guys! 




 I was looking for a cool noir-style Elseworlds tale, and I stumbled across these two titles. 

I don't have a lot of comic stores where I live, so pretty much the only chance I have of reading these is to just order them online, but I'm wondering if anyone here had read them and which one you guys thought was better?
They both sound sorta similar. 

[Gotham Noir](http://dc.wikia.com/wiki/Batman:_Gotham_Noir) stars Gordon as an alcoholic detective and was written by Ed Brubaker, and [Nine Lives](http://dc.wikia.com/wiki/Batman:_Nine_Lives) stars Dick Grayson as a PI and was featured on IGN's list of the best Batman graphic novels. Anyone have any opinions on which one makes for a better read? 









 I've been a Batman fan for only a couple of years, but I think I've started a fairly cool little collection of around ten or so graphic novels. 
Today I purchased Black and White volumes 1, 2  amp; 3, I also have Year One, Dark Knight Returns, Hush, The Long Halloween, Dark Victory, The Killing Joke and Gotham by Gaslight.
As much bigger Batman fans than myself, what other great trade paperbacks/graphic novels do you guys recommend I check out?
If you could give me a little info on the titles you think I should read so I know what they're like that'd be fantastic.
I hear Grant Morrison has done some really good stuff with Batman, but I'm looking for mostly self contained stories.

Thanks in advance! 




 And why?
Would you choose the voice of Freddie Mercury, the guitar skills of Hendrix and the songwriting skills of Springsteen and become a rock god?
Or would you choose the creative minds of Einstein, Tesla and Galileo and become a brilliant mad scientist so as to take over the world?
Or would you take the witty word-wrangling skills of Douglas Adams, the Piano skills of Beethoven, and the voice of Isaiah Mustafa and just become everyone's favorite drinking buddy?
You can choose any random combination of people from history, living or dead. 









 Apparently he was being a bad influence on the children as that music goes against Christian values. Australian school system, I am dissapoint.

It wasn't even Highway To Hell. He was teaching them to play Back In Black. Parents complained. He got fired. 









 Hey Reddit.
I'm kinda new here. I haven't made a whole lot of posts or anything on Reddit before, I've just been browsing and enjoying the website for a little while, so I don't really know how these things work, but I thought maybe you guys could help me out with something.

My friend sent me a message today saying that her aerobics coach has been diagnosed with cancer and is bedridden and refusing to let people come see her. So my friend has decided to start sending her funny YouTube videos to cheer her up, and was wondering if I could help. I've sent a few, but I thought you guys would have tonnes of hilarious videos up your sleeves. So if you guys could maybe post the funniest YouTube videos you know of, I could link my friend to this post and she'd have tonnes of videos to send to her coach.

I have no idea what exactly this person finds funny or what kind of videos she likes or anything, nor do I know what kind of cancer she has, but I can fill you guys in once my friend replies to me. In the meanwhile, if you guys could just post me some funny videos I'd bee incredibly grateful.

Thanks! 





























 I'm sure this film won't be a rushed poorly planned mess at all 




 I'm not a Kristen Wiig hater, but she looks really lame in this. A female doppelganger version of a male character is such a tired unfunny cliche. I thought the trailer was pretty funny and made the movie look promising, but that part made me groan. I hope it's a small part. 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nikQY7Q_lj4 




 I'm still not sold on Aaron Taylor Johnson. The rest of the cast is absolutely brilliant but I've never really liked Johnson.  




 I think that's supposed to be Las Vegas 




 We Australians really don't have any big international pop culture icons at all. But Mad Max was different. Mad Max was revolutionary, and has gone down in pop culture history. All current post apocalyptic fiction is based in some way on Mad Max. 

Mad Max was our culture's biggest contribution to the larger pop culture universe. And to just ignore a huge part of the character and fiction is just so pointless and silly. Why take away such an important aspect of Mad Max to just make him a typical gravelly voiced American protagonist? 

Mad Max was one of the biggest, if not the most important, pop culture icon we had, it's kind of offensive to try to mess that up.  




 He means he's keeping his old console as opposed to trading them in/selling them when he gets a PS4 or XBone 




 I know this probably will never happen, but as someone who never had a PS3 and who lives in an area with shitty internet where Gaikai probably won't ever be practical, and also being kinda OC about my games looking nice on my shelf, this would be a dream. 



















 Don't ever stop posting stuff  




 But Steven Spielberg didn't direct Skyfa.... oohhhhh 




 Never even heard of Raiju or Scunner before. Do we have a name for the flying Kaiju? It didn't appear here. 




 Dismantled a speeding train killing Ras. Drove his tumbler head first into a garbage truck killing the driver. Tackled Harvey off a ledge, killing him. Fired his bat plane machine guns into the cabin of a truck, killing Talia and the driver. Plus he ordered a bunch of hardly armed cops to run into a barricade of heavily armed mercenaries while he was safe in his jet, as opposed to taking his jet straight to the bomb with the anti-blow up device he gave to elderly Gordon to take care of. He also exploded an entire cliff side castle, killing the fake Ras and who knows how many other ninjas.  




 Superman has the same no kill rule. Batman killed like ten people throughout the Nolan trilogy. 




 Whoa thanks. It really does sound like a fun concept. I really hope it lives up to the potential. 




 Hmmm. That seems kinda generic and disappointing. 

I was never super keen on the idea of the hand to hand combat. The car battles and open world wasteland were what were appealing to me. Did the car battle seem over the top and fun and disregarding the laws of physics like Just Cause? Did it seem like you could have done lots of crazy stuff during the car battle, and that the player has lots of control over the shooting and harpooning, or was it fairly scripted?

I heard a dev say the map was as big as Just Cause 2 and filled with side missions and random encounters and stuff to do, so maybe there might still be some potential when the game is further along.

Super bummed about there not being any Australian accents though. I'm still really interested in the game but it seems a lot less impressive than I was hoping. 




 Chopper is up there too 




 I'm super interested in this game, and I'm surprised not more people on Reddit are as well. It sounds fantastic and fun, an open world post apocalyptic action game in the Mad Max universe from the creators of Just Cause. Apparently there's a demo people have seen, but I'm finding it really hard to find anything about it.

My most important question is are the characters Australian or not

We Australians don't have a lot of internationally known pop culture icons, so it'd be a shame if Max became another gravelly voiced American.

EDIT: Just noticed in the trailer that Max gets out of the right side of his car, not the left, that could be a good sign that this game is set in Australia, despite the American accent of the dude on the ground. 




 Once my old man saved up and bought a real nice car. It was a Holden Monaro, the nicest bloody car he had ever owned. In fact the only car he had ever owned that wasn't a banged up old ute. He had a DVD player put in the dash, and that night me and him sat in the carport in his Monaro and watched The Castle together. We couldn't have food or drink in the car but the seats were very comfy and reclined a fair bit. It was fantastic. I will always have fond memories of this movie because of that. 




 That is so awesome. Looks very Alex Ross-ish 




 Characters better be Australian 




 Really interested in seeing some stuff for Wolfenstein and the Evil Within 




 This new Joker designs reminds me of Lee Bermejo's Joker. I like it. 




 Well they made a point of saying all the cops that were chasing them were the corrupt cops on the villain's payroll. I dunno how they could have confirmed that information but that's how the movie justified it.
Plus there was a lot of destruction but we didn't see any civillians getting crushed by the safe. Just a lobby and a bunch of parked cars. 




 I hope it looks a bit more polished by launch 




 Oh wow, I didn't realize how advanced the Eye was. I thought it was just a tracker thing for the lightpad in the controller. It's pretty much a Kinect. That's cool. 




 Textures look rough 




 Rabbit eared cop? How about a dog nosed cop? 




 Fast   Furious 7 will surely be ten times as ridiculously awesome 




 They said that online multiplayer requires PS+, but that all disc based games would not require online in any way. 




 No, online multiplayer requires Playstation Plus. It says it right there in this video. It was also on the big screen during the presentation. 




 The script was all Goyer. Nolan's name is just there for marketing. 




 The David Fincher one would be freakin perfect  




 I think he's way better than Nolan North 




 This poster has certainly peaked my interest for this film. Do we have a trailer? 




 I dunno, the first half of that trailer seemed way too cartoonish  




 Incest 9/11 rape black people 




 Apparently there's a smaller rural airport in the north east of the map, and also a military base, which may or may not have an airstrip for jets.  




 As a half English half Australian guy I am okay with this 




 For me the Wilhelm scream only works when it's in an appropriate movie, and it seems to just suit "adventure" movies. Indiana Jones, Star Wars, The Mummy, Star Trek, Jurassic Park, Pirates of the Caribbean, and old school western style movies. The Wilhelm scream would feel fine and at home in any of those kinds of movies. Hearing it in a horror movie or serious action movie is weird to me.  




 How much would figures like this cost? 




 I am confused by its arms  




 It was pretty much all plot set up and character introductions, and I was shocked that the monster was revealed so quickly with no real scary build up or anything, but what they're setting up seems cool and has lots of potential. Plus its only issue one, and it seemed like a really short issue one at that. Can't really judge it yet. Snyder is one of my favorite writers and I trust he has some crazy shit up his sleeve, so ill definitely be reading the whole thing. 




 I'm pretty sure we've seen that gun Michael is using before, but without the sight on it. I am so excited for customization.  




 I don't know if anyone has heard of the game BC, but I was so insanely hyped for it several years ago. It was an open world caveman and dinosaurs RPG, and it was my dream game. It looked brilliantly fun and over the top and stylized and everything my young dinosaur-obsessed mind wanted from a game. But then it never came out, and it broke my heart. I've never really gotten over it.

But now this game comes along. I don't want to get too excited because it's clearly not the same and I have to be realistic in my expectations, but my god am I ever pumped for this.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BC_(video_game)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POZEB-H_k_0
http://au.gamespot.com/bc/ 




 Joaquin Phoenix, Benicio Del Toro, Reese Witherspoon, Owen Wilson, Jena Malone, Martin Short and Sean Penn

Now Josh Brolin.

What an amazing cast. I so badly need Hoffman to be the final cherry on top. There's even a character in the book he'd be perfect for.  




 That it won't eventually come out on next gen consoles. This game looks perfect to me, aside from the small graphical/technical issues that come with the game being a bit too ambitious for current gen. Things like rough textures, anti aliasing, frame rate drops and pop in are all something that we have to deal with in current gen open world games, and even though they don't ruin the game, it's a shame that it comes out so close to the release of a console that would fix those issues.

Plus I'm not sure how well they can plan to continue supporting the game with DLC and mutliplayer if everyone's off playing the new consoles. 




 I really doubt Rockstar would go that silly with it 




 Alright that sounds pretty cool  




 How would Batman survive traveling at Flash speeds? 

Also the art in this series seems to be on a steady downward trajectory...  




 What? I know. And I said I didn't miss it. 




 That happens like 4 times in the first movie  




 As much as the whole underwater thing is really cool, I can't actually imagine going down there too often, and I'd rather have that extra space go to a more dense detailed city and extra content. I didn't miss going underwater at all in GTA IV.  




 I remembering loving this game and thinking it was the coolest thing back in the day. 

I went back and replayed it a couple months ago.

It uh... wasn't great 




 Yusuf was by far my favourite character from GTA 4 and the episodes 




 Jekyll and Hide. It's okay. Has some really cool Two Face backstory, but tries way too hard to be dark and gritty and just ends up kinda silly, like this picture. 
Jekyll and Hide also features that scene that's been posted around of Batman kicking someone in the head while they eat ice cream. 




 I'm hoping that's a hologram or vision of his father and not the real thing. Superman speaks with his father through computer holograms/visions/in the afterlife lots of times before as we have seen, so that'd be fine, but surely they wouldn't change the mythos to make him alive, and then spoil it in a trailer 




 I play original Xbox games on my 360 just as much as I play 360 games.
Burnout 3, Destroy All Humans, Vice City, San Andreas, Psychonauts... 




 I think this is pretty spot on, but I feel like the land area at the top of the map will be a little bigger than it is here. 




 I don't know enough to decide if this is more accurate or not, but it seems that this one makes Los Santos seem a little bigger, so I like this one. 




 Most Wanted gameplay with Underground level customization will make me buy it 




 I knew the city wouldn't be HUGE, and that the map is mostly countryside and whatnot, but this is still smaller than I was expecting.  




 RDR and Max Payne had similar stuff  




 RDR had an indestructible horse and a 25% faster dead eye recharge as preorder incentives  




 Wait, did they just accidentally reveal some of the map 




 Your wife makes you sleep on the couch?

Hahaha  




 Aw man, I actually don't think I'd be able to handle a game where I could potentially get all my adorable baby badgers killed if I fuck up 




 Burnout 3! My favourite racing game of all time.

Burnout 2, Burnout Revenge and Burnout Paradise are also pretty great. 




 Wasn't the first poster for this film just a list of all the names of the pubs 




 I hope a lot of people switch over to the PS4. Not because I'm a fanboy or hate Microsoft or anything, it'll just be nice to have more friends to play the PlayStation with. 




 Whoa, we're starting to get some pretty major looking spoilers in these clips and trailers now 




 Wait... Robots?

I thought it was going to be more body snatcher alien type stuff. That's... strange.

I'm sure it'll still be great. 




 I get my posters from this site. Never had any problems  




 Do we know if Sony is doing a similar thing?
I'm assuming their games will be also installing to the Hard Drive. Maybe the disc itself will act as the game ownership license? Like you still install the game, but you can't play it without simply having the disc in the machine, as opposed to an online pass or key code thing. That would certainly solve the problem and make it act basically the same as physical disc games do now. 




 Does anyone know how Sony is handling this stuff? I'm assuming their games will be also installing to the Hard Drive. 
Maybe the disc itself will act as the game ownership license? Like you still install the game, but you can't play it without simply having the disc in the machine, as opposed to an online pass or key code thing. That would certainly solve the problem and make it act basically the same as physical disc games do now. 




 Agreed. It's totally a cool idea I guess, but it's not really necessary and I hope they don't spend the entire second act trying to form/repair a relationship and overcome each other's inner demons or traumatic memories. That could get way too cheesy, even for a movie as intentionally cheesy as this. 




 I'm more excited for a JJ Abrams directed Star Trek 3 than a JJ Abrams directed Star Wars 7.

His new Star Trek films are solid fun entertainment. The Star Wars franchise has been a mess for too long for me to be interested in more films 




 They don't look anything alike 














 It's purposefully cheesy though, if that makes it any better  




 Fuck you Sam was a hero  




 Meh, I didn't really like show nearly as much  




 Wank means masturbate. A wanker would be the UK/Australian equivalent of a jerk-off  




 Are the action sequences long?

Do we get to see a lot of Kaiju destroying cities and people in the ground running action or is it all Kaiju fighting Jaegers?

How's Ron Perlman?

Is it funny?

How many action set pieces are there? I've heard the big finale takes place in Hong Kong, and that's what's mostly been shown in the trailers, and then the opening action scene takes place in San Francisco. Is this accurate? Are there any more? Is there a big fight in Sydney like in the poster? 




 I always thought Incinerate was so much cooler than Devils Kiss 




 As much as the whole underwater thing is really cool, I can't actually imagine going down there too often, and I'd rather have that extra space go to a more dense detailed city and extra content. I didn't miss going underwater at all in GTA IV.  




 I've heard that the actual city of Los Santos itself is not that much bigger than GTA IV, if at all, but with all the countryside, mountains, Blaine county, underwater areas and rural towns, it adds up to 5 times the size of RDR. 3.5 times not including underwater areas. 




 That seems strange, since Pacific Rim, another film about a war against giant Kaiju monsters, also being released by Legendary Pictures, also contains a scene in which San Fran is destroyed. 




 All I want is free roam and some sort of heist mode like in Kane and Lynch 




 The only thing I'm not keen on is the weird monster design 




 This is blowing my mind 




 Obviously Kavinsky has his own radio station, so we got our awesome techno electro stuff there.

A country station is confirmed, as is a classic rock station.

I think we can assume there'll be at least one hip hop station. Maybe a classics and a newer station.

And even thought R* hasn't mentioned it Lazlow will surely return for his talk show.

News shows will surely be back as they were in GTA 4.

Radio Gaga is in there, that might be on the classic rock station. But, hopefully, the classic rock station will be a bit more 'rock'ish and Radio Gaga will be appearing on a Vice City FM type station.

There were a lot of unreleased songs for a Metal station in Lost and Damned, so hopefully we'll get some of those here.

I know R* doesn't like to repeat songs (at least to my knowledge) but I hope Free Bird shows up again.
 




 Yeah in the seconds leading up the the fence 'mystery' while the narrator is trying to sound all creepy you can clearly see the timestamp jumping around. 




 It'll end with him realizing he's fucked everything up and then going back in time to when he first met the girl and he won't use his time travel powers again, he'll just do things naturally and awkwardly and hope it all works out.

I know it. 




 Gay Tony added some really cool stuff to the radio. Primarily Vice City radio. 




 Yeah I didn't love that one  




 I don't know why you're being down voted. This is accurate. Plus at the end the entire League of Shadows is in Gotham, apparently infiltrating the police force and government, they all know Batman's identity, then at the end Batman kills Ducard and is like "Wellp, that should do it, problem solved!"

I love Batman Begins and Dark Knight, but they both have some significant holes. 




 Aw man I loved that movie. I better not ever watch it again. As I remember its basically Avatar anyway. Which I hated. 




 I thought that scene, the big 'game trail' scene with the motorbikes and jeeps, and the San Diego scene were pretty cool. The rest of the movie as a whole is just terrible. 




 It might be cool to hate on Loeb these days but he used to write some insanely good stories. Long Halloween is my favorite Batman book and its incredibly important and well received as one of the best Batman stories in the character's history. 




 Semi trailers appeared in the second trailer

http://media.gtanet.com/gallery/gta-5-trailer-two/trailer2_012.jpg 




 Meh. That felt like Burnout 3.5, and the fact that you could smash into traffic from behind and not take damage was silly and ruined the thread-the-needle fast reflexes strategy that made those games so fun. 




 Were these made by random people after reading all the recent interviews, or were these made by people who actually saw the game and saw exactly what it looked like? 




 Whoa  




 Wait I thought this guy was in space 




 This isn't Tim   Eric esque, this is just Australia 
























