 Yes, this is it! Thank you so much! I've been searching for this forever! 




 Sorry, not those either. 




 Hmm... That's not it, and I don't think either of those bands would play it. Thanks though! Found some nice new music! 




 I've only heard the song I'm looking for twice. Both times it was played on a radio station that plays bands like: AC/DC, Led Zeppelin, The Beatles, The Allman Brothers, Lynyrd Skynyrd and other bands, mostly from the 70's and 80's. I think it has piano, drums, bass, vocals and flute for most of it. Just one man is singing. I can't remember any of the lyrics to it. Please let me know if there is anything else that would help!


Edit: It's not a rock song at all. It sounds like it should be on an easy listening station or something like that

Edit 2: I took a look at some more Jethro Tull songs and the one I'm looking for sounds a lot like Jethro Tull's [Serenade To A Cuckoo cover](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zh4GZJlQCfY) except with a singer and more upbeat. 




 How did you come up with the name "B Story"? 




 Hi Julian! When did you start making videos on a professional level? Are there older videos that no one has ever seen? 




 No, you just didn't know. :) 




 Hello! What is your favorite band? I'm curious to know where you get your musical influence from (if any). 




 Hello Julian! How long was the filming for the Back Then music video? 




 Sadly she has passed away. :( 




 Hi Julian. I just wanted to say that when I  watched the Back Then music video, you blew me away with it. I think you have really reached a new level in your filmmaking. I hope you get to where you want to go soon, be it Hollywood, or just the rest of the internet. 




 Mac or PC? 




 The Beatles. Yes or no? 




 Very nice! 




 I hate when there is an amazing AmA and get there after it's over.(?) 




 Today: I Went to the library, got two boxes of candy as a present and had ratatouille for dinner.

BEST BIRTHDAY EVER!  




 If it were possible, would you ever want to cook in space for the astronauts on the ISS? 




 This has been bugging me for ages...
What is nougat made of!?  




 Do you think onions should be genetically altered to make people laugh instead of cry? 




 If you could only eat one thing for the rest of your life what would it be? 




 Thanks for doing an AMA Alton! 
My question is: What's your take on locavores ? 




 Hello Alton! I am wondering when you knew that cooking was your definite career choice. 
























 Comment for later 




 I guess it depends on where you live. Pretty much all of the schools near me have drug/bullying problems, nothing major but enough to garner attention. The short time I did go to a "real" school wasn't bad at all though. In fact I rather enjoyed the whole experience! All my friends who were home-schooled and went to school are very happy. 




 When I was younger my parents had a lot of input about what I was doing for school work. These past couple of years I've been overseeing myself mostly. No tutors per say, but my mom knows a lot of teachers and she sometimes gets them to do something like, a weekly math class for a month or so. 




 Worth it? Just from interacting with teens your own age everyday? It's cool that you stayed home-schooled for so long, a couple of my friends decided to go to school a little younger than that. Most of them went to school at around 11 or 12 years old 




 I am 16 and I'm from The United States of America. Sorry about that, I'll add that to the description! 









 [Tomorrow](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvG3kzleE48) by Paul McCartney. Very underrated vocal performance in my opinion! 




 [Holly Hop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6C355ZIfs0) by Buddy Holly   [Never Going Back Again](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVfiMFoCl3k) by Fleetwood Mac 




 Melee (weapon) as Mlee

Bichon Fris (dog) as Becon Fise, and before that I used to call them "Bacon Fries". 




 I heard you had an incident with a soybean field when you were younger, is this true? 




 I guess I'll have to buy a gamepad now... Dangit valve 




 I've got no game pad, guess I can't be part of the beta :( 




 We can only hope they actually release the third announcement.... 




 Me, in an orange t-shirt and brown shorts playing tag with my cousins. I remember this because it was *the moment* I realized I existed. I know it sounds weird, but at that moment I stopped playing for a second and thought: "I'm here"

I then went on to win that game of tag. 




 The fact that no one knows if there's an afterlife of any kind. Thinking about this used to REALLY freak me out when I was younger, I mean full on panic attacks. It still makes me sick to my stomach when I think about it now.

We don't know and we'll never know what happens to our souls/thoughts when we die. 




 How much did you have to be goaded in doing an AMA? 




 Finally! Me and my cousin have been making weird and wonderful flavor combos for ages. We've tried at least 2 dozen different things. Some of our favorites include  


  Potato chips + Cake frosting  
Jell-O + Mashed potatoes   
Asparagus + Raspberry jelly  
Bananas + Maple syrup  
Tomatoes + Baked Beans  

And cinnamon, lots and lots of cinnamon. We put that on almost everything: Pizza, salad, eggs, soup, sandwiches, hamburgers and even on fruit! 
 




 This very much reminded me of [The Pearl] (http://lostpedia.wikia.com/wiki/The_Pearl) station from Lost 




 Oh! This is actually the one I was looking for! 




 Cool. Thanks for the information! 




 [This] (http://candies.aniwey.net/) game and this [one.] (http://orteil.dashnet.org/experiments/cookie/) They're not exactly point and click type games. I'm not sure if there is a genre for this kind of game. 




 Oh, I didn't know that! Thanks! 
























