 When I'm playing and I level up, I always click the little box to upgrade a skill. However, I was watching a video today and it didn't look like the guy playing clicked on the box to level his skill up. Is there a keyboard shortcut for this? Thanks (: 




 Exact same thing happened to me, i sent a ticket in, but they take forever to answer so i don't know what they'll do 




 I completely agree. The Capital Wasteland was amazing and just filled with a good looking and somewhat unique environment. New Vegas was kinda bland with that. It was basically miles upon miles of nothingness with a few towns and caves scattered. Nothing like Fallout 3. I think there were more locations in DC alone that the entire Mojave desert 




 Yeah, that's definitely what I'm going to go for now. I didn't even think of all of that, plus with my friends being able to play ranked they'd probably ask me to play too and screw my elo up early on 




 Thanks, I'm definitely glad I asked here first (:
 




 Well I generally only play a game every day or two so I figured getting one based on days would be a waste. But thanks (:
 




 Well I just got some RP for the new TF skin, and I have enough left over for either a 10 win XP boost or the 4 win IP boost. I'm only level 19 since I don't play too much, so the xp is pretty useful. Anybody wanna help me out here? Because I really don't know what to get. 




 Definitely the most useful thing out there so far. Thanks (: 




 That just sounds amazing actually 




 I hope so
 




 Wasteland 2? Never heard of that one. How is it? 




 I seriously hope they give us something 




 Damn, this is going to be a bitch of a wait 




 Has there been any information released about the next Fallout game? I know there's all these rumors about in being in Boston, but has there been any solid information given about it yet? 




 YES! 




 You beat me to it! 




 Sounds about right XD 




 fuck bitches get money 




 DHAB  FBGM 




 corporate espionage  




 [answer] (/spanumbrella) 




 Fuck that episode. Fuck everything about it. 




 King of Prussia lego store?
 




 This was used in the SA forums when they created Slenderman. About a quarter of the way through page 10

http://forums.somethingawful.com/showthread.php?threadid=3150591 userid=0 perpage=40 pagenumber=10 
























 I've never even heard of own3d, but I'll have to check it out when I get a chance. Thanks 




 What did you use for streams, twitch.tv? 




 I know what you mean about the game mechanics, because that's where I'm at now. I just suck at the champions xD 




 Oh, I try that. A lot. And since I have so much free time I basically get a good understanding of the champs in a week from all the games I play. For example, I bought Rumble when he was on sale a few weeks ago. First few games sucks until I really figured him out, and then out of nowhere I started getting games where I could go 24/7/9 (which is a billion times better than usual). But after about 4 games of that I started declining again until he was just like any other champ that I would play. Although I'm sure there is a champ that I'd be able to be good at, I also don't have the patients for it. When I do bad I tend to get demoralized pretty quickly to where I just stop trying to play whoever it is. And after writing all that, I'm realizing my problem. I'm not patient enough to do this champion roulette. I just need to extend my patients for a while until I solve it. Thank you mystery summoner, I think you just indirectly solved my problem for me.

TL;DR- I'm not patient enough and I need to work on it. Thank you. 




 Any idea on how I do that without getting flamed at every game? 




 Well /r/leagueoflegends, I've been coming to you for most of my LoL questions for a while now, and I have another. I've been playing LoL for a year or two now. In that time I've extensively tried every position and a large portion of the champs, and still can't find anything I'm good at. I'm not horrible anywhere, but not good enough to consider it to be my thing. Should I just give up at this point? Because I don't really see any options when it comes to laning positions and champs 




 Not to mention his ability to summon fruit. You'd never go hungry. 




 I probably end up getting the armor pen then for harassing, thanks for that 




 so do you think I should grab armor pen runes? 




 Oh wow, This is great actually, and it's from two days ago. Thank you so much 




 I actually went on there a little bit ago, but I really didn't know how to navigate through. I'll go check that stream now though, thanks 




 Hey guys, I have a few questions. Well I usually play a solo top bruiser, and I was thinking about going for Renekton. So first of all, is he a viable top lane champ? I know loads of champs are pointless these days, so I figure I should know that before I get him. If I do though, is there anything I really need to know to play him successfully? I've looked at his moves and everything, and I know that having over 50 fury gives them special effects, but is there anything else about him that separates him from the other bruisers? And finally, is there any certain item(s) that I definitely need to get? I know some champs have items that mesh perfectly with their moves, so does he have anything like that? Thanks (: 




 thank you 




 thanks 




 Stupid question, but when I see a comment on a /r/leagueoflegends post, They always have this little thumbnail of a champ. How do you set it? 




 shit, I better start using that 




 Also, does playing with your screen unlocked really help that much? Because everyone else seems to do it but I never really tried 




 Oh I know that, I'm just saying that i know how to play the character when I'm in bot games and all, but it doesn't transfer over to normal pvp at all 




 I watch some games, but it's generally just the tournaments. I'll definitely check this out now though, thanks! 




 Alright /r/leagueoflegends I need your help. I've been playing LoL since the beginning of season two, so by now you'd think I would at least be somewhat good. Well I'm not. So basically, I need some tips on how to seriously improve my pvp skill. When I play bots I'll go like 36-4, so I would think that I can at least go like 15-8 or something against real people, but I just can't. My average score is probably around 7/11/13 no matter who I'm playing. That being said, I tend to either play support or solo top. So is there anything you figured out while playing that seriously improved your game?  




 Just finished watching that episode 20 minutes ago XD 




 That may be the best thing I have ever read XD 




 Well, that's simple enough. Thanks guys (: 




 Everyone -___- 
























