 This is a terrible argument. Do these 1% own proportionally more houses? More cars than us? Do they use more medicine than us? More food? 

My point is that they do not "hoard" physical assets. Their wealth is merely extra zeros on a bank statement. The well being of us bottom dwellers has nothing to do with how many zero are on THEIR Swiss bank accounts. I don't believe taking up pitchforks and hangman's noose's on the rich will effect one ounce of my prosperity. My livelihood is from the roofing business.  If I charge my neighbor $1,800 to re-shingle their roof and I spend it how I choose, how does that have any relationship with Mark Zuckerburg and his wealth? 




 This is why I like Reddit. A perfectly pointless posting that actually amuses me greatly. Well done. 




 I thought they had to have a legitimate value added (at least one they could attempt to explain) as part of their business. For example, part of Amway's value is the claimed value of physically distributing product. Another one, an energy drink pyramid company, distributes the energy drink but most, if not all, of their money doesn't come from the drink sales and distribution, but from the big checks just for "sign ups" below them in the pyramid. That is more questionable than Amway in my opinion. But they claim it's the legitimate drink sales.  Then, the total illegal scams are one's with zero product but just get sign-ups (or money) from down the pyramid. Legit MLM have to have an explainable value added and the government and lawsuits become involved in making the determination if these business "value added" claims are legit..  




 look at that skinny-mini in the white tank top. Super nice looking! 




 Sebastian Buemi at the Shanghai GP in 2010.
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7En1Q6zuAl4 




 Awesome 
























 The first one with the baby was great. The Trump one made me laugh too. They were all good. 




 Looks like a staging area for transportation. Boat or truck. 




 How could the President have missed the last 500 years of history? The point is, Christians had a reformation and no longer are violent. His statement is dumbfounding.  




 People who wear jeans and sandals. They're trying too hard for the laid back image. Bunch'a d!ckheads if you ask me. 




 Isn't that the point at being a punk band? Your supposed to be angry. I say good job Governor for tweaking them back into their "sub-culture-ish" attitude of being ticked-off at the man...... about something, or whatever. 




 Do they own 50% of the cars. Eat 50% of the food? Utilize 50% of the medicine? Do they buy and hoard any of these? If these 80 people died tomorrow and their money erased it would have zero impact on the remaining 6 billion of us in the world. I could care less how many zeros are on there Merrill Lynch bank statements. 
























