 Can't change title now but yes it was a wanted ad that the victim posted and the killer responded to 














 My cat goes crazy whenever she smells, sees or hears me open up a can or packet of tuna. But give her some tuna and she'll take a single bite drop it on the floor and walk away. WTF Cat? 




 How U Doin? 




 That's a great find. E Pluribus Anus! 




 Ever see Roiland's Unbelievable tales? Pre Mr. Sprinkles WTF craziness | Unbelievable Tales: http://youtu.be/vpejckQgpeg 




 The interior may be cheaper and style may be American but the Chrysler LX/LC platform (Charger/Challenger/300/Magnum) is actually based on the Mercedes E Class chassis from when Daimler owned Chrysler. 


































 Save your bacon grease and use that instead of oil. That's how my grandma taught me and I won't do it any other way. 




 Sucks about Anakin but Hayden's Vader was always a little bitch amirite? And Ryan Dunn was a genuinely cool guy. Met him at SEMA Show in Vegas outside on a smoke break and mentioned to him my gf (now wife) were fans of CKY (pre-jackass) and she was good friends with his cousin. He told me to call her up and he talked with her for a few minutes, told her to say hi to his cousin and to make sure we come by at their next reunion coming up. Then we just talked about cars and what we saw at the show. He died I think sometime the next year and was genuinely sad. Plus he was vilified in the media for the crash. Sucked all the way around. 




 Yeah Kevin James' entire career is based on being the every man schlub loser that people identify with. Who the fuck does he think he is? 




 Prime example of why there will always be demand for cars. 




 Natural. Selection. 




 Eating a steady diet of government cheese and living down by the river... Van 














 I have even heard that his essay series on "The International Jew: The World's Foremost Problem" actually inspired Hitler to take action and create what he called "The Final Solution" with the extermination camps. It's quite insane. But how about that new Ford GT EH?! 




 I have a mid 2010 Mac Mini with 8GB RAM   SSD Hybrid with a 27" ASUS monitor. Fast and cheap as hell. 
























