




 Are you sure, you dont want the French taxi revolution.Lord knows that would mean a general purging of former Uber drivers, followed by a strongly worded letter from the UN 




 Indeed it is a totalitarian state in the eyes of completely credible news sources like The Sun and FOX news

Also did you hear batboy is back?
Did you hear the US government is forcing bakers to lube guys up for gay orgies?

BUT ITS IN THE HEADLINES 









 what if America's sane and EVERYONE ELSE is insane? 




 Vermont into independence again! 




 because the Nazis were Japan. 
























 answered this somewhere else

China wont allow it because they dont want millions of refugees flooding its border followed by massive American presence on its border. More likely than not the NK elite would flee into China (China allowing it or not) and that would add a whole other level of clusterfuck 




 China has a lot to gain by keeping NK safe, as much as they dont like them, mainly the fact that they dont want to deal with a massive refugee crisis 




 ##Weird Way To Spell Island New Brunswick! 




 ##Alberta Is best Canada 




 Nothing.

The time was reaching 11:59

We all celebrated, champagne was passed around. It was like new years. Finally for the first time in 14 years no terrorist attack. We remembered the 2006 bombing of the New York Grand Central, the Assassination of the grandfather of liberty in 2007, and our current protector Dick Cheney's ascension after that. But most importantly we remembered the nuclear attack on Los Angeles in 2014, the final straw.

My girlfriend kissed me, and we heard a loud rocking noise from our room. We sighed and laughed. The clock hit 12:00, and for the first time since 2001 the United States of America had been finished.

I looked outside over at the neighbors house. They must be celebrating too. My old neighbor Ali used to live there. We used to watch the games together, and our kids would play together He is no longer our neighbor anymore. Not that I miss him or anything.

It was for the greater good. 




 The pay is shit, having to respond to idiots all the time, I demand a larger salary

(strikes)

Maybe the troll factory will get pissed off that the 11 year old russians and americans are doing it for free and throw computers into the stret and riot like france for Uber 




 They told us stories of where we came from, from a place of fjords and the people of the cross. Children's tales, we all thought they were. Vinland  has been our home since the oldest elder remembered. Since we overthrew the red rulers of the land after Odin himself struck them down.

It was the Hr-mna, the month of wildness, when they arrived. Large ships, painted with a red , the cross. General panic ensued, as the nightmare of every child appeared right before their eyes. Many of us got their weapons, however the elders opted to talk to the man.

The ship docks at the port of Straumfjordr, and a stout man in front of a few men holding a machine we would later find out to be called a hand cannon. The man said  "salutations, nous sommes les Chevaliers Hospitaliers et nous exigeons que vous soumettez au pre-fils et l'esprit saint, et accepter Jsus-Christ comme votre Seigneur et Sauveur" (greetings, we are the knights hospitaller and we demand you submit to the father son and holy spirit, and accept Jesus Christ as your lord and saviour). 

The man pulled out a bible, imprinted with the unholy cross. The people behind me erupted in a furor, breaking into a chant of "senda  til Hel" (Send them to Hel). The people of the cross, who we now know as the "Knights Hospitaller", recognized the last word, and in a panic put their weapons up. However, there were far more of us than them, and soon arrows littered their bodies. However, the weapon they possessed killed 4 of our brother with rapid force. The ship was boded and a massive battle ensued. We would lose many men, but kill all of theirs. The ship was burned, but these strange machines of death were kept and studied.

We would not see these men for many years. However, tales have reached here claiming that the red empire of Mexaca has fallen. Are we next?
 
























