 hahaha loving this, and the "should we give other people some?" and then not doing it, i mean come on man, those guys probably know a bit of English  




 yep you could say he is, its a show that likes stirring up discussions. They are standing at a building where inside they are talking about the whole discussion, and the people outside are there to support the anti-zwarte piet cause. But maybe it helps to know that some people would freak out just by seeing the pink mic because of their reputation. The people that are anti-zwarte piet are already assuming that he is going to ask weird questions to get cheap laughs.  




 To see what it does to people. This happened at an anti-zwarte piet event. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejy9Uy5E2WI 




 Well not really, there is a huge discussion going on in the Netherlands about this tradition. This video is made so we (people in the Netherlands) can see how people from a different country react to a tradition thats so normal to us Dutchies. I guess you can say that some people from the Netherlands will find it "intolerant" to say 'Zwarte Piet' is racism. But nevertheless its very refreshing to see the pure shocked and angry reactions to the blackface and the other portrayals of 'Zwarte Piet'. (Black Pete) 




 Well, i'm Dutch, and as you can see in the video, its fair to call us idiots... 




 Goosebumps  




 I'm always surprised at how smart that guy seems to be...  














 Dutch talkshow sidekick shows a sketch of a guy who threw his baby in a thrashcan...  









 Hey Daniel, thank you so much for doing this AMA. Been a HP fan for as long as i can remember and you've portrayed him perfectly as i had envisioned him reading the books. My question: I can understand that you and Rupert Grint and Emma Watson grew very close during the filming of all the movies, but what was your first impression of Rupert and Emma?  




 Lets hope so, Zeeland deserves an Eredivisie/Jupiler League club of their own :)  




 Well the same thing is happening in de Achterhoek, all the young people are leaving for the 'big city' but still there are a lot of Graafschap and Vitesse supporters. Its just weird that there has never developed at least a Jupiler League worthy club which people could root for.  




 Always found that weird, there must be SOME sponsors who could fund a club in Zeeland. It is interesting to see which clubs are supported over there instead.  




 Great work from Tubantia.nl/voetbalkaart 




 zijn alle 3 niet echt upcoming toch? Tuneboy is al een veteraan joh, haha. 




 haha stugge boeren uut de achterhoek, bedankt voor het antwoord :) 




 Hey Pieter, thank you for doing the AMA, i really enjoyed your set at Defqon, looking forward to the album!!

question number 1: i always admire that you have a lot of contact with the community/your fans, why is it so important for you to stay close to your fans?

2: what was the most epic gig you've played?

3: is there ever going to be a collab with Degos   Re-done? i've seen you guys together on stage, and i always thought it was a shame that you guys haven't been in the studio together (as far as i know)

again, thanks for doing this AMA, keep up the good work :D
 
























 holy shit that looks like a surfboard 




 holy shit, is this a thing... 

They've managed to make the bloody thing suck even more.. 




 God i love that movie, the prison scenes were almost as gruesome as they were awesome. Its one of those movies i have to watch at least twice a year. 




 i'm always the idiot who drives straight through the explosion... :( thats even more depressing because you weren't even #1... 




 Haha, well at least 50% is on something in that crowd, a friend of mine works in the camera crew of Q-dance, and his only job is to literally find people who look kinda sober enough to put in the aftermovie.

and ofcourse, you know... filming the hotties.  




 Don't forget B-front, don't know if you could classify that as raw, but god damn that guy can make some music.

and if you're talking about show, i will never forget standing in this crowd.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-IqSdC52Sks 




 God... 




 didn't know i was talking to someone who knows what he's talking about, and i agree with everything you say its just a bit to much, on the one hand its all house remixes, and on the raw hardstyle hand its only hardcore kicks with screeches! 

But as far as the shows go (and thats why i posted it), you can't disagree that its pretty epic.  




 yep, facebook has to know you were there i guess.  




 hehe, it takes some getting used to i guess. But hey, rammstein is also concidered garbage by some, and 600.000 people seem to enjoy it in the picture :D 

 




 God 




 This can't be a coincidence. Two weeks ago i remember waking up in the middle of the night. Still dreaming i'm looking at my phone thinking "well its 02:00, time to take a shower". I'm showering, grabbing my bag for work, i'm fully clothed, i'm almost ready to go make breakfast. While i'm grabbing my phone for a quick look. THATS when i realize its 2 in the fucking morning and i can sleep for at least 4,5 hours before my alarm goes off... It was one of the most confusing things when i slowly started realizing what happened. 




 and for the lazy: this was this years endshow of Defqon 1.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QLYDG5k-LLY

Was really sick. 




 Look for Qlimax 2014, happened last weekend. Hardstyle maybe is a bit unknown in a very big part of the world. But its growing, and the shows they give in the stadiums are crazy. Lots of indoor fireworks.

 




 Didn't know there was a new season yet. Funny that they rap better than 90% of those idiots who are 'big' these days.  




 5 days late, but hey, thats good news! Is/was it painfull afterwards? 




 hahaha, one of those hidden gems in the comments. This is why i go straight to reddit after watching it at home.  




 Hope everything went well!  




 Only one hour left, nervous? 
























