 Not necessarily, there's a lot of foreign tourists in New York City and a lot of very distracted tourists. Let's face it, when lots of people go on vacation, they seem to turn their common sense off. I've seen it in National Parks, I've seen it in big cities. 




 Henry being a KGB agent working for the FBI . . . that's some The Departed level conning there. 




 New York City real estate is amazingly insane right now. Lots of very wealthy foreigners (especially from Russia and China) are using it as an investment vehicle, a place to store their money. I was listening to a podcast earlier this year and one of the hosts said that he had a friend who lived in a building in the Chelsea area and he is usually the only person in the building because all of the other apartments are owned by foreigners who are rarely ever there. 




 Probably tourists. 




 It really needs to be updated on the inside. A lot of that price has to do with location - Gramercy Park is a lovely neighborhood. I bet it will end up selling around $42 million. 




 This is a photograph of the AP Wire Bulletin that was received by KHOU in Houston on the night of April 29, 1975 (US time), announcing that South Vietnam had surrendered. 




 This is a photo of the wire bulletin that was received by KHOU in Houston (When Saigon fell it was April 30, 1975 in Vietnam, but April 29, 1975 in the US). 




 As someone who lives in a state with a big border with Mexico, I believe that there is very little that American politicians can do to stop illegal immigration. So long as there are economic/social hell holes south of the US, people will try to come here illegally. 




 [Looks like Manchester City is scheduled to play in a tournament in Australia in July.](http://premier.ticketek.com.au/shows/show.aspx?sh=ICC2015PX utm_source=ticketek utm_medium=friendlylink utm_campaign=InternationalChampionsCup) 




 Oh. 




 Oh well. 




 No, Dynamo play Galaxy on May 22nd and NYC FC on May 30th. 




 I wonder if he would have been punished if he posed with Willie Nelson. 




 The thief's mom turned him in.  http://www.khou.com/story/news/crime/2015/04/29/hpd-mom-turned-in-suspect-accused-of-stealing-toddlers-ipad/26575517/ 




 It's interesting how big of an impact the Fall of Saigon had on Houston and this region. I had so many classmates who were born in Vietnam and came over in 1975 or a few years later when Vietnamese fled Vietnam in boats. 




 I've seen a lot of these for New York City, interesting to finally see one for Houston. 




 Well done, bravo. 




 These days I feel anything connected to the term "Danger Zone" is now Archer property. 




 In some ways it happens everywhere, when a cold (or cool) front is moving in, it usually causes a warm up, sometimes significant, in the days before the front moves through. 




 Yep, and once you're arrested, because of politics, the DA will try to get you to take a plea even when the evidence is weak. They hate dismissing anything. 




 I stopped watching a couple episodes into the second season. 




 A concept I picked up some time ago was you can't trust a jailhouse snitch cause they'll say anything to get out of their charge, but a prison snitch, more believable because the stakes are much higher considering how snitches can be treated in prison. 




 /r/houstonhistory 




 I didn't know that the Texarkana Gazette was sold outside stores in Baltimore. 




 I believe it, but the original is closer to me. 




 I wonder what kind of deal he's getting offered. 




 [Nguyen Ngo French Cafe] (http://www.houstonpress.com/locations/nguyen-ngo-french-cafe-2679498/) 




 [Obligatory Simpsons reference.](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/simpsons/images/a/a7/Springfield_Tire_Yard.JPG/revision/latest?cb=20140821180148) 




 The No Neck Tony segments are hilarious. 




 Sometime in the 1960s, so same time period those cartoons were released. I only saw the image on Twitter and can't make out the exact date. 




 And the Law Schools at Georgetown and George Washington are among the top 25 law schools in the country. 




 So many of us grew up with him before we ever heard of the drug, so he'd still be a Legend. 




 That shocked me too - where from? Bic? A Pen Collector? 




 Here's a better list of soccer matches played behind closed doors: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Behind_closed_doors_(football) 




 Three arrests in the early 1970s for petty crimes such as vandalism and public indecency did not prevent Woodfield from being selected in the 1974 NFL Draft by the Green Bay Packers as a wide receiver, in the 17th round (428th pick). Woodfield tried to establish himself with the Packers during Coach and General Manager Dan Devine's last season but he could not shake his problems with a trip across the country. He signed a contract in February 1974 but was cut during training camp, failing to make the team's final roster. 




 I second this. 




 Click bait doesn't bother me. 




 I'm going to say that they're incorrect about The Woodlands, seeing as Woods was the maiden name of Mitchell's wife, heck the outdoor performance venue there is the Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion.  




 To me, The Strain is a fun campy type of TV show that is perfect for summertime - I don't expect greatness, just entertainment. 




 You're more than welcome to believe whatever you want to believe, no skin off my nose. 




 Welcome to life, much of personal experience is unverifiable. 




 Source - waking up and looking at the weather station I have at my house. 




 There's often a difference between official temperature and the temperature where I live. 




 Love it, have the windows open this morning. 




 [Emoji violence: Rockets Twitter account kills off Mavericks after series win, then apologizes](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/early-lead/wp/2015/04/29/emoji-violence-rockets-twitter-account-kills-off-mavericks-after-series-win-then-apologizes/?wpisrc=nl_headlines wpmm=1) - Washington Post article 




 This happens a lot in Italian soccer due to fan violence. Also, Mexico did this in soccer during the pig flu scare that occurred a few years ago. 




 I've seen Houston hit the 30s in May. 




 I've heard quality has been going downhill ever since the new owners took over. 




 One problem with the rainbow uniforms was that they highlighted the strike zone. 




 Thief would most likely close the doors so nothing would fall out (they can fence all that stuff inside). 




 I wouldn't want to hit a Schneider egg. 




 Bait Car? 




 Hmmm, works okay for me. 




 If I have to go to Walmart, I always go early in the morning. 




 I took a photo of those earlier this year, it was over in the Montrose area by the old Little Bigs. 




 [Here's a related article from Texas Monthly.](http://www.texasmonthly.com/daily-post/texass-problem-truancy-getting-some-well-deserved-attention) 




 [Couldn't help myself.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avFq9errZCk) 




 Been on mobile and I've been referring to the car in my original post this whole time, sorry. The new Impalas (which aren't regular police issue) are really nice, especially the LTZ, which is essentially a Cadillac without the up pricing. Have seen an unmarked new style Impala, not an LTZ, outside the City Hall in NYC. 




 https://tribwtic.files.wordpress.com/2015/04/s046845785-300.jpg?w=2000 




 Season 2 should air later this year. 




 No, Chevy's latest police vehicle is the Caprice PPV, which was introduced in 2013. 




 I don't think so, they she passed out   they she acted, I think he drugged her. 




 People today fail to realize marriages back then were more like business contracts. 




 I always read he was a vain man, if only Washington had made his admiration for Arnold more clear to the man himself ... 




 I'm guessing it was his university/college robe and cap. 




 Yeah, it took me a bit to recognize him. 




 I know members from Nation of Islam have been doing that too. 




 I think she was just seriously drugged. 




 At the end, with her weird facial ticks, her vibe reminded me of a Stepford Wife - Ogre gave her some kind of powerful drink. 




 I'm in Alief and most places around here have no squeegees outside or available inside. 




 Looks like a Caprice PPV. 




 Close Up of Cruiser http://i.imgur.com/FBm6ok8.jpg 




 There's another cruiser in flames now. 
Edit: http://i.imgur.com/4wDInV9.jpg 




 It's not clear if anyone was in that cruiser, a truck full of police in riot gear chased everyone off, didn't see if anyone got out of the cruiser at that time. The images are reminiscent of LA in 1992. 




 The Bowery Boys (who focus on NYC history) tweeted it last night. They live tweet during Mad Men, Turn, The Knick, and probably during Public Morals when it airs latter this year. 




 Cersei, the Queen of Day Drinking 




 And he was NYPD in CopLand. 




 I tend to watch Louie on my DVR, nothing in this article indicates whether this rating includes DVR viewership. 




 It's nice seeing him getting more work lately, he was even on black-ish last week. 




 You can see the new style black   whites in the background. 




 Best guess is that those are Alfa Romeos. 




 Well, the Camaro in Hawaii 50 now makes sense. 




 I want to see this show deal with the fall of the wall. 




 Elizabeth telling Philip he wouldn't have liked her mother was one of the few actual laugh out loud moments in this great series. 




 There are Native Americans in Canada - he grew up on the Six Nations Indian Reserve - Mohawk, Cayuga, Onondaga, Oneida, Seneca, and Tuscarora - Robbie Robertson is Mohawk. 




 Oh, I have, several people like that - none of them grew up in Houston, or even a top 10 sized city. 




 To me all of Houston is "Real Houston." That being said, I'm amused by how people who were not born in or grew up in Houston act like anything outside of 610 is a no man's land. 




 I know earlier this year there were some guys robbing women in their driveways - snatching purses as the women were getting out of their cars. Not sure if that is still going on. 




 When I go to this location, I tend to go real early in the morning, less of a crowd. Never been stalked there though. 




 I didn't know there was still a WalMart there. 




 Congrats. 




 Agreed. 




 Probably a combo of both, that character has always been awkward. 




 Nepotism. 




 Inflation is sky high, the authorities there act like the crazy Baptists I had to endure when I was at Baylor, but I still want to vacation in Iran. 




 But Persian women are still amazingly gorgeous.  




 Awkward is normal in San Francisco. 




 Despite all the cars and activity, I see that and my mind flashes back to the Ferrari scene in Scent of a Woman. 




 They aren't:

http://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/04/19/world/asia/afghanistan-jalalabad-suicide-bombing-bank.html?_r=0 referrer=

http://www.cnn.com/2015/04/18/asia/afghanistan-violence/

http://abcnews.go.com/International/isis-takes-credit-suicide-bombing-afghanistan-killed-33/story?id=30408479

http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/dozens-killed-in-suicide-bomber-attack-outside-an-afghanistan-bank/2015/04/18/3849f572-e59f-11e4-b510-962fcfabc310_story.html

http://m.nydailynews.com/news/world/isis-claims-responsibility-afghanistan-suicide-bombing-article-1.2189836




 




 State Jail Felony to kill a cat (even a feral cat). 




 Sounds like it was not a feral cat, belonged to a family that lived in that area. 




 Can't believe this bs still happens at Baylor. I know it isn't as bad as the decades before I was at Baylor, but still annoys me. Back in the 1990s, my girlfriend was at UT and I typically drove down to Austin every weekend and would crash in her room at Jester. It was a coed floor, so no big deal there. By 2nd year at Baylor I was living at The Centre and various girlfriends of myself and my roommates were always staying over - some practically seemed to live there for periods. We never gave a f about the moral rules or what ever Baylor Admin calls them. 




 My policy is to use the article's actual title (or at least the suggest title button) whenever possible.  That being said, it is important for everyone to recognize that the headline, or article title, is typically (and historically) written by a copywriter and not the author of the actual article. Considering how newspapers have historically written headlines so as to grab a reader's attention and get the reader to read the article, I feel there has been a little too much handwringing on the internet over "click-bait" lately. 




 Cause dogs are part of the family. 




 Alief 




 I'm shocked my power stayed on, had a few flickers, but stayed on. 




 I saw a post on Facebook stating that the cat was actually the pet of a women who used the Clinic the killer worked at, but no source was sited, so not sure how accurate that information is. 




 This seems like it would be a major headache for retailers in general and cashiers in particular. 




 Here's a short article about that plane: http://www.click2houston.com/news/small-plane-crashlands-on-highway-59-near-diboll/32420348 




 [Looks like the Austin County Sheriff's Department is investigating this matter.](http://www.inquisitr.com/2016341/police-in-texas-investigating-facebook-image-of-alleged-veterinarian-holding-dead-tomcat-first-bow-kill/) 




 Considering how many people have indoor/outdoor and outdoor only cats, how would one truly know if the cat is feral or not (and whether the cat is fixed or not)? 




 Ha ha ha. Mine are indoor only, so I don't have trouble with them bringing bugs in from outside, thankfully. 




 Thankfully all three of mine go after any bugs that move. 




 Cats. 




 Seems to me that it would be more difficult to pee in the sink (unless your sink is unnaturally low) than in the toilet. 




 Ha ha ha . . . oh, wait, she's serious . . . 




 Condolences  




 I used to think I was allergic to cats, either I was wrong or my body's reaction to cats has changed. 




 Glad it worked out and that they're all getting along. 




 Republicans love to fix imaginary problems. 




 As someone who worked as a server when I was in college, I always tip well at restaurants, but even I can't wrap my head around tipping at fast food places. 




 I grew up in Southwest Houston, still live in Southwest Houston. Has everything I want and need. 




 I haven't heard anything, I know some people who've held an executive position in the government, like mayor, don't like nonexecutive elected positions (house, senate, etc.) because they're used to being "in charge," rather than being one vote among many. But then again, Cory Booker, former Mayor of Newark, seems to like being in the US Senate. 




 Looks like that's what they did when he reached back into the car. Thankfully the guy in the Explorer wasn't hit, you can see him get out of his care after the suspect was down. The white car that the suspect hit first was driven by a girl who was on her way home from high school. She suffered a concussion, but no other serious injuries. 




 [Here's video of the ending of the chase, including the shooting.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uE-codzpjmw) 




 If it is just property damage, and you have comprehensive, make the claim on your insurance and let them go after the other driver's insurance company for repayment. Ain't much for lawyers to win in a property damage case if it ends up becoming a court proceeding, just their billables (or regular salary if they are a "captured firm") from the insurance companies. 




 Condolences. 




 Needs an alignment, and some other work. 




 Nice. 




 The basic kolache is [a sausage cooked inside a pastry](http://cdn2.hubspot.net/hub/22592/file-13438653-jpg/images/kolache_catering_dallas.jpg). But the menus have expanded to include egg/cheese/meat combinations and even fruit combinations. The [Kolache Factory](http://www.kolachefactory.com/) is one of the big kolache chains here in Houston.  




 Anna Wintour does not approve. 




 As a Texan I have often found myself having to describe kolaches to people in other parts of the country. 




 Kolaches in DC? 




 So Henry is afraid of bears. 




 From Elizabeth   Philip.  




 I remember the miniseries. 




 Thank goodness for Hans. 




 But then Stan's there. 




 Oh fuck 




 Elizabeth be pissed. 




 Henry is the ultimate latchkey kid. 




 Not good Paige. 




 Henry! 




 Philip looks like Ray from Archer. 




 What's your favorite? 




 That's a good question. I assume there is a cost aspect (cost of purchase and cost of maintenance) combined with how the vehicle is going to be used. I assume that a Fusion is cheaper than the Ford Police Interceptor/Chevy Caprice PPV/Dodge Charger and in midtown they really don't need a lot of patrol cars with big engines. As for nontraditional cars, I did see a NYPD Chevrolet Volt, but was not able to get a picture of it. 




 He's just copying Congress. 




 One day in my civics type class in HS back in the 1980s, the teacher actually had a couple officers from the Houston Police Department come in and talk about probable cause and the criminal justice system. 




 Bob and Tim team up. 




 The more things change, the more they stay the same. 




 Loved getting to see him in preacher mode again. 




 That went on way too long. 




 Not necessarily, individual teams are in control of scheduling their non-conference games. 




 Probably, meddling busybodies love to be meddling busybodies. 




 [The term actually comes from a book that was written in opposition to helicopter parenting.](http://www.amazon.com/Free-Range-Raise-Self-Reliant-Children-Without/dp/0470574755) 




 Since the 1970s, this country has gotten really anal about "rules." 




 "Down on all Fours" that is so Wynn Duffy. 




 Nice Impala LTZ Raylan has there in California. 




 Art would clean up at Mardi Gras. 




 Well this is a party that likes to do smear campaigns against any candidate who actually served in the military and fought in a war. 




 "Parenting Police" State, not Police State. 




 I always love it when someone leaves a big gap like that and then a vehicle from another lane pulls in front of them.  




 I think Humble might use them too, but I'm not 100% sure about that. 




 MILFS in need of comfort? 




 Sounds about right. 




 I haven't seen anything to indicate that Harris County uses red light cameras. There are a lot of traffic cameras around town, those are usually mounted on the stoplight bar. Red light cameras typically seem to be installed on the medians at intersections. 




 And because of this database I find it annoying that I have to send in a copy of proof of insurance when I do my registration. 




 They have been banned in the City of Houston, but not across the State of Texas. Many other municipalities in Texas, including Sugar Land (and probably other suburbs of Houston), use red light cameras. 




 Simcoe just looks like a complete douche asshole, the same way James Spader looked like one in Pretty in Pink. 




 I'm not able to foster, but donated some money. Wasn't aware of this shelter before. 




 http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/columnists/schmich/chi-mary-schmich-david-letterman-kankakee-gazebos-20150204-column.html 




 I very much remember that episode. 




 Didn't even make her mom put it back. 




 You're making me glad I grew up in the 1970s and 1980s. 




 I'll watch GoT live, watch Mad Men live, and watch Silicon Valley on my DVR tomorrow. 




 Was watching an old episode of Law   Order on TNT this morning and he had a small talking part as a guy working in a university lab. 




 I know a young, cute, blonde who spent several months living in Hawai'i. She had no car of her own, hitchhiked everywhere with no problems. 




 Thanks to Hollywood, the actual threat posed by hitchhikers (and being a hitchhiker) is greatly overblown. 




 One of the best things about Spring time, driving with windows down and an up beat tune on the radio. 




 This article, commemorating the 150th anniversary of the assassination of President Lincoln, focuses on that period of time between the shooting of Mr. Lincoln and the effort to locate a suitable place to take the dying president. 




 I believe four Soviet diplomats were kidnapped in 1985. 




 Thought some fans of the show would be interested in seeing some of the big news from early 1983, which probably won't play into this season's plot. 




 I suspect they sent him to the Detroit job because the actor had a role on that Robin Williams' show, The Crazy Ones, I believe it was called. 




 Too hot in Houston for steel toe boots. 




 oops 




 So we can keep an eye on the people who don't know how to use Twitter. 




 I often wear flip-flops when I mow, is that okay? 




 Wish more people in America understood the concept of "lane discipline," and would stop staying in the passing lane when they are not passing anyone.

EDIT: Thanks very much for the Gold. 




 Only reason worth having kids. 




 "Seriously honey, I clicked the link by accident, I thought it was a music video." 




 I know there's a Gino's East in Tomball, haven't tried it though. 




 A few years back I worked at a place in the Energy Corridor and would go to Brothers at least once a week, really good pizza. 




 Have loved watching her grow from a ditzy receptionist into the feisty, sassy secretary she is this season. 




 Love Art Car weekend. 




 I agree, a 100ft buffer is too much of a buffer to set as red letter law. 




 Don't blame OP, that title is from the HuffPost. And, to be honest, headlines are designed to get you to read the story (and are rarely written by the author of the story). Not in agreement that the term clickbait applies here, this isn't a slideshow or fluff piece. 




 The title is a bit misleading. Filming the police is protected by the First Amendment, States cannot legislate around the First Amendment. However, courts do maintain that those filming the police cannot interfere with the police, leaving open what exactly is interfering with police. It appears that this bill is attempting to do that by setting a 100 foot distance requirement. That being said, I think 100 feet is a bit much and I do not support this bill. 




 The other day I say a couple do this during rush hour even though they were only 5 feet away from an actual crosswalk, what morons. Even if you cross against the light in a crosswalk, at least you are in an area where motorists should be aware of you. 




 I would so watch that. 
























 NPR interviewed Jules Feiffer yesterday and he said the following: 

"Well, I've had endless acts because I ran out of steam on one thing, because life happened on another thing, and I developed a resourcefulness ... where I would just look around for some other way to do what I wanted to do. If it happens too fast, you don't build these, what I used to call these "rejection deltoids," where you are so used to being hit in the face that you just get up again automatically. The kids who were successful in high school from the beginning didn't know how to do that. So they would take a couple of slaps and they'd go into their father's business."

We all need to learn to cope when life slaps us around. 




 I'm annoyed by trigger warnings, spoiler alerts, helicopter parenting, etc. but I take issue with blaming all of this on the left. I think this has more to do with changes in parenting technique than politics. 




 Same here. 




 That is some seriously ugly camo. 




 Actually, to get plates and registration he has to go to the county tax office. Bigger counties do have some satellite offices so don't have to go downtown, but the ones here in Harris County still are slow and crowded. 




 I believe gangrene and frostbite go together. 




 Very different from the other episodes - all things said I enjoyed it. 




 I was afraid there would be no Simcoe in this episode, glad I was wrong. 




 Did not expect self amputation. 




 I'm so used to him the wig on Turn, looks so different. 




 He played Karl Tanner from Gin Alley. 




 It's a bit weird to watch. 




 Jailhouse snitch, an old tradition. 




 I remember hearing or reading that AMC limited how often "shit" could be used in its shows. 




 That was an odd open. 




 Just the yelling names aspect, combined with the Middle East conversation above it just triggered my memory of that tweet. 




 You reminded me of this old tweet https://mobile.twitter.com/lsal92/status/247763296541896705 




 It actually made me think of Ren   Stimpy. 




 I remember the old days of sitting outside the Continental lounge using its WiFi, thankfully those days are over. 




 I have neighbors with a little dog that likes to yap a lot, thankfully my bedroom is on the opposite side of the house so it hasn't disturbed my sleep - good luck with your neighbor. 




 A little after I posted that question I saw this over in /r/protectandserve http://m.imgur.com/gallery/8NtwT5t 




 Have you looked into assistance from the state's Veterans Land Board, not sure if they do urban or suburban stuff, might be worth checking out.  




 Corporate took the franchise away today.  




 That a Game Warden truck? 




 Up in Ontario back in 2006, members of the Bandidos killed a bunch of their own members, the Shedden Massacre. 




 I think in Wisconsin only the county coroner, elected position there, can arrest a Sheriff. 




 This guy had three warrants out for him. 




 I'd love to see him in a deposition. 




 I can't remember where I heard or read it, but Judge and the writers love killing the dreams of the Pied Piper team. 




 It's interesting how quiet Apple managed to keep it about the horrible batteries in the initial iPhone 5 models that were sold. 




 That area of Louisiana that Season 1 was set in is seriously spooky. 




 Can we bring back Northern Exposure? 




 Shocked to see Pete in this episode, oh Sally - heart just broke 




 Glad you are okay 




 Win the NBA championship  




 Will premier on January 24th! 




 Way after my time there, feeling old now. 




 Rockets winning in playoffs, Astros above 500, X Files reboot, feels like the 1990s again. 




 Damn you MW for making me hate Pete Campbell and then making him one of my favorite characters, damn you MW. 




 Sons of Anarchy: Waco 




 The women getting all excited by Don fixing the sink, one of my favorite scenes. 




 All the national press set up shop at Sonny's, the all nude BYOB strip club during the siege. I did see FBI Crown Vics driving up to Waco a lot when I made trips home to Houston. 




 I attended Baylor during the siege, such a weird time. Glad you are safe. 




 I tip my hat to you sir or madam as the case might be. 




 Have to admit, rather shocked how sad I am that this show ends tonight. 




 Was on Saturday morning, have to admit that Signal 30 is one of my favorite Mad Men episodes. So much packed into that episode. Also, for some reason, I really like TV episodes directed by actors. Slattery kept that episode tight. As an aside recommend the "Walter Taffet" episode of The Americans, superbly directed by Noah Emmerich. 




 SE Texas here. 




 sorry 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCRZZC-DH7M 




 Might be covered by other articles, but other articles suck compared to the New York Times. 




 Army  Marines, but I know you disagree 




 So policing a jurisdiction where everyone is a government trained killer is no big deal? 




 Is it? 




 The above is totally wrong, this a documentary about a group of people who live in northern India. 




 I switch to soccer shorts   a tank top when I get home. 




 That was a sweet ending. 




 Well, he didn't get appointed to the position, so it'll be a little bit harder for him to get elected. 




 Not surprising that it's FBI related, though when I heard the name I was actually hoping it might center around [Army CID.](http://www.cid.army.mil/701st.html) 




 That seems a bit extreme for a show that doesn't get better ratings than AMC's The Walking Dead or Breaking Bad. 




 For the sake of the residents, I hope Kim Jong Un never visits a nursing home. 




 The League of Women Voters will have a good voter's guide, closer to election time - http://lwvhouston.org 




 Institutional and historical segregation - segregation along socio-economic lines and racial lines. 




 Rocky Horror Picture Show 




 Nope. 




 I enjoy driving, I like getting behind the wheel   hitting the road. 




 To me, turning Houston into Austin sounds like a big step backward (I've lived in both cities, I prefer Houston). 




 I would never consider a self-driving car. 




 I'm gonna go old school here - Roots. 




 That was a good mini-series, really enjoyed it. 




 And he's an Astros fan, nice. 




 It's not making me hate George Washington, so much as reminding me that he was only human, he was imperfect, despite what our history books might of said back in elementary school. 




 I'm enjoying the presence of NYCFC in MLS, it's fun watching RedBull and Revolution fans acting like MLS pissed in their collective Cheerios.  




 For two unmarried persons to kiss like that in public, not socially acceptable back in the 1700s. 




 I thought this was the first boat she received.  




 Andre and Shippen are kind of making me feel sorry for Benedict Arnold, didn't think that was possible. 




 I suspect it'll be a bit like this place: http://creationmuseum.org 




 I think so too, next week we'll get Peggy's last scene, makes sense that they save her for the finale. 




 His shedding his old life, shedding his old skin. 




 [So, the guy smacking Don around with the telephone book is the actor who played WoJo in Barney Miller.](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0301178/?ref_=tt_cl_t2) 




 [Neither a Sidezoomer or Lineupper Be.](http://freakonomics.com/2008/08/11/neither-a-sidezoomer-nor-a-lineupper-be/)

[The Urge to Merge.](http://www.nytimes.com/2008/08/03/magazine/03traffic-t.html?pagewanted=all)

[The right way to merge.](http://lifehacker.com/the-right-way-to-merge-lanes-to-avoid-traffic-jams-and-1501148503) 




 [Here's the trailer for the movie referenced in the article.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vM0IOHiZSl4) 




 [Here's an article on the ruling from The Chicago Tribune.](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/local/politics/ct-illinois-pension-law-court-ruling-20150508-story.html#page=1) 




 I really liked Keen Eddie. 




 I think a lot of people in Texas already pick football over church. 




 Texas Bucket List is from McAuliffe Productions in College Station, while Texas Country Reporter appears to be produced directly by Bob Phillips. 




 I remember [The Eyes of Texas](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKmtby53fT4) from when I was a kid. 




 I used to love browsing in that Bookstop, and of course visiting Whole Earth and Cactus while I was over there. Used to be one of the great little classic shopping strips in Houston. 




 Looks like it's 15 minutes longer. 




 Don does not have a great history with motels. 




 That drummer is so bored. 




 Then he's going to pawn it in Vegas. 




 Looks like Don was watching Redd Foxx making an appearance on The Flip Wilson Show http://youtu.be/lm6fLKz5ByU 




 Not the kind of pool I expected. 




 MW hates us. 




 I'm very disappointed  




 I'm very disappointed. 




 It did. It was kind of one of the first CDs to get away from the plastic H form. 




 I actually love Barry's Pizza. My family has been going there since it was Eddie's Pizza located on Richmond   Sage where the Chipotle is now. 




 I heard this song at a recital when I was at Baylor back in the early 1990s, it immediately made me a fan of Hovhaness. 




 There are at least 5 in that picture. Not 100% sure what happened, but I got the impression it was an assault on an officer incident. 




 Dude . . .  




 Totally understandable - I kept the cats when I got divorced, was helpful that she defaulted and never filed an answer to my petition for divorce - so I pretty much got anything I wanted. 




 Ouch 




 Whenever I have had a family member do that, they usually have a babysitter available at or near the wedding location. Not an issue for me, but is helpful for lots of the other cousins who do have kids. 




 That's an acceptable question in Mississippi. 




 Just wanted to say I really enjoy the show. As someone who has always had an interest in the history of Colonial America and the Revolution it's been frustrating how little play the Revolution has had in popular culture. I know at one point, there were more movies about the French and Indian War than about the Revolution - I guess the turn (no pun intended) came with Mel Gibson's Patriot. Now, in the Fall I have Sleepy Hollow and it's fun with the Revolution and then in the Spring I get the more serious, but still entertaining, Turn. 




 I hate Simcoe, but I love his scenes in the show. 




 Contact your local legal aid office, there is a slight possibility that what your parents did might technically be an illegal eviction. Even if that is not the case, legally you should be able to retrieve your property (not allowing you to do so might constitute illegal conversion of your property). 




 I took the Wisconsin bar exam and practiced law there for 4 years before moving back to Texas and taking the bar here. Biggest takeaway is how useless the bar exam is and how it's made more difficult just cause of a pissing war with BarBri. 




 Sure you do Daesh, sure you do. 




 Just another Spring day up in Montgomery County. 




 Hopefully the Sheriff's Department can track down the driver of the other vehicle, that way, even if you have to go through your insurance company to get your vehicle fixed, your insurance company will go after her insurance and will refund your deductible. 




 Orthopedic surgeons = doctors with Craftsman tools. 




 And that will probably increase the more we get to know McCann people. 




 That only works for politicians in South Dakota. 




 Worth listening to also, if just to hear Willie talk. 




 I remember all the Lite commercials featuring retired athletes from when I was a kid. And this storyline is another reason for Miller to keep using the throwback cans and labels for Lite. 




 Good point. 




 That scene was great, so trippy. 




 I'm having trouble believing that Daesh had any knowledge of this incident till they heard/read about it in the news. 




 I'm going to venture a guess that Daesh is taking advantage of the incident after the fact, I doubt it had any prior knowledge. 




 A couple Tuesdays back I didn't have any project to work on at the office and the weather was great, so, after hitting a bit of the MFAH, I figured I'd go to the Zoo. The parking lot was a cluster and it wasn't even 11:00 am yet. 




 Lebanon, on the whole, has always been a bit different from the rest of the Middle East. 




 Condolences. 




 You mean "escort" activity, nudge nudge, wink wink. 




 The fact that Howard wants, needs a limo just highlights the depth of his insecurities. Most people in NYC in Howard's tax bracket do not use limos, instead they get driven around in high end sedans and SUVs. But does Howard want a really nice Mercedes? No, he needs to have a limo. 




 Thanks, I'll check it out. 




 Sigh 




 More like: Crazy people meet crazy people. 




 The other week I was down by the police parking lots off of Washington and noticed a couple black ghost vehicles. 




 Not sure why this is posted here, but it is a good song. 




 This is more the Dallas suburbs leading the way than it is Texas leading the way. 




 http://youtu.be/Lsuosv_Bq5A 




 Don has no fucks left to give. 




 Roger on organ, Peggy on roller skates - is this Mad Men or Twin Peaks? 




 "The Dream of the Fisherman's Wife (the 'octopus pleasuring a woman' woodcut) is from Japanese 19th-cent erotica by Hokusai." 




 Kick some McCann ass Joan! 




 Don's visit to Racine reminds me of a book title: Wisconsin Death Trip. 




 Classic corporate America. 




 Worst impression ever. 




 Everybody's gotta die inside sometime. 




 So Cooper was into anime before it was cool. 




 In fairness, Betty thinks all other women (and most other people) are morons. 




 Don knows what he likes and won't change just to be with the "times," e.g. his hair, his clothes, his car... 




 Glenn aspires to be Travis Bickle. 




 Yep http://youtu.be/D00Hi8DoO5c 




 I will say this about Pete, when it comes to work, he's extremely loyal to Don, Peggy, and Joan. 




 McCann just oozes sleaze. 




 And amused. 




 Don is realizing he's no longer the only pretty girl at the dance. 




 I miss Julio. 




 Dragons = Secretaries? 




 Yeah, Grown Ups 2 is still in its premium cable cycle. 




 Peggy is a McCloud fan http://youtu.be/D00Hi8DoO5c 




 The birth of Miller Lite http://youtu.be/DPh4iF76LbU 




 Meredith is being the mom Don always wished he had. 




 http://houston.culturemap.com/news/city-life/08-02-12-10-17-high-speed-smart-car-chase-ends-in-houston-mans-driveway/ 




 I read that there is going to be a new printing of his cookbook. 




 Every year summer when I was in Scouts it seemed I'd find a new magazine in the woods at El Rancho Cima up in the Hill Country. 




 Or dance, or eat stinky food, or sing along (badly) to the song on their earbuds, or a multitude of other things 




 SMH 




 Plan B - Houston is worth visiting. 




 I tend to find "On Being" rather hit or miss, but this weekend's episode was really interesting. Since it tends to air early on most stations, I figured I'd post a link here. 




 Based on the picture, that does appear to be a valid European Union license plate issued in Germany (The D stands for Deutschland). Odd are, the owner is in the military and was stationed in Germany, bought it there, and had it shipped back to the US when transferred. 




 So for all those people who want to totally delete their Facebook accounts but are having trouble doing so . . . . /s 




 I think my mom still has these glasses stored away somewhere in her house. 




 It's a Texas thing. If I had to explain, you wouldn't understand. 




 At least with this group, when the munchies hit Droubi Brothers might benefit. 




 Probably easier to get a permit for downtown on weekends. Where was the parade yesterday? More east of downtown? 




 /r/firefighting 




 Abbott is in a hurry to show the world he's more of a nutwing than Perry was - at least I've never voted for either of those weirdos. 




 So glad that they are rebooting X-Files, came out when I was in college, so good memories. 




 I was thinking of this http://bizbeatblog.dallasnews.com/2015/04/health-inspectors-found-crickets-mildew-at-blue-bell-plant-report.html/ 




 Damn, that brings back memories, was in high school at the time and this incident was highlighted as a warning story at spring break time for several subsequent years. 




 I'm glad they aren't laying anyone off, but maybe they should considering whatever managers failed to maintain proper sanitary conditions in the plants. 




 Agree, when it returns to the shelves it will sell like hotcakes. 




 Well, it is a documentary produced by and for Netflix, which, in this era, is television. 




 Is crack really still a common thing? Has the term "crackhead" become a catchall phrase to describe someone who is freaking out on drugs (or freaking out because they are crazy and aren't on their meds)? 




 Obviously, games that take place during the work week (before school is out) will have smaller attendance giving you more chance to upgrade. 




 [Was this your problem last night?](http://www.click2houston.com/news/wreck-involving-18wheeler-closes-eastbound-lanes-of-290-at-eldridge-parkway/32742200)

Sounds like 290 at Eldridge will be a construction cluster all weekend too. 




 Parking scams during events seem to be a thing lately. I've heard several parking scams stories related on sports radio from people who were going to Rockets/Astros games. 




 Poor little thing, glad he's getting help. 




 So Louie is the only guy who still uses a Blackberry. 




 1 unit = 1 drilling rig 




 Honestly, my recommendation is, if at all possible, cookout at home, pull the grill out and throw some meat on it. The three worst days of the year to eat out are NYE, Valentine's Day, and Mother's Day. 




 Just seeing the picture of those people on those manuals brings back so many memories. 




 Have you contacted any museums or historical societies in the area? Or possibly contact the [New Jersey Historical Society] (http://www.jerseyhistory.org/), they might be willing to take it, and handling the transport etc. 




 Too often when I hear gunshoots in my area of Alief, I have no idea where they are coming from. Sunday morning I heard what sounded like gunshots while walking on my own street. All I could tell was they came from the north of my location. As to what street, block, etc. . . no idea. 




 da fuh? 




 [The weather outside is frightful.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSUYaUArDqs) 




 This thing is such a classic. I feel like I've actually seen it aired in recent years, but can't be certain of that. 




 But he only has to pay them in the Philippine peso. 




 I love Stand By Me, but I really love Spanish Harlem - I can close my eyes while listening to that song and be transported to 1960s New York City. 




 Sigh 




 One Christmas, my Uncle and his family came to visit and he brought his new Intellivision with them. My parents had already purchased the Atari to be a family Christmas gift, but once they saw the graphics of the Intellivision, they returned the Atari and bout the Sears branded Intellivision. Great decision, loved playing that thing as a kid. 




 While doing research for his novel Lush Life, Richard Price did a ride along in one of these NYPD taxis in the LES and talked about it for The Moth: http://youtu.be/S6LCSGv1gA4 




 The only vehicles that NYC resident pedestrians ever seem to yield to are fire trucks and ambulances. 




 It's a penthouse in Gramercy Park, that's the basis for the bulk of that price. And the NYC real estate market is insane thanks to foreign investors. 




 I saw the same in Italy, and not just marked cars. 
























