 Not old enough yet? I'm raving about the knife set we got over a year ago 




 I thought the line was "who hurt you?" Referring to Lionel Richie 




 Being stuck in traffic isn't driving.  That is commuting. You don't like commuting. 




 Pse COULD have a deposit.  It could not, also.  Only on approved credit will they not take one 




 *on approved credit* 




 The thought is "I don't like driving so I'm not going to learn enough about it to do it well" 

Just because you have a license doesn't mean you know how to drive.  It just means you demonstrated understanding of the rules of the road and basic operation of a vehicle.  

Driving takes a lot more knowledge about what the car is doing at any given moment.  What is the contact patch of the tires during this turn?  When I apply the brakes, how does the transfer of weight affect the balance of the car? Etc... 




 They said there could be a deposit, gave them my ssn and said there wouldn't be one for me. 




 Read: she's a big one 




 Pse didn't have any deposit for me. But I've had no issues with credit anywhere for a while 




 Yeah...now. not before the popularity from marketing 




 [rimshot.com](http://instantrimshot.com/index.php?sound=rimshot play=true) 




 This pic is older than dirt in Internet years.  Here's another angle from 2002

http://web.archive.org/web/20031212170326/http://www.geekbrother.net/albums/biler/subaru_impreza.jpg 




 Lego, gauntlet, Puppeteer, Magicka 2 (when it releases), PVZ:GW. 
 




 256GB for OS and a 480GB for games.  it's glorious. 




 Bring it to me, I'll do it for 8% 




 All the ones I've used have. I bring them a bucket of change and say I want to deposit this.  I give them my account number and they say ok. Then they come back with a slip that shows how much is was and deposit it.  I usually have $50-$100 each time. 




 Coinstar takes your money, then gives you back only some of it only after it tells you how much there was.  If that's not a waste, I don't know what is.

Most banks will do it for you for free if you have an account with them. 




 This makes a lot of sense now.

My town had 3-4 of these back when we only had 1-2 subway chains.  I thought they were the best sandwich chain out there.  Carbonara and the prime rib were amazing.  I assumed they were the same owner because they suddenly all became Togo's...and they don't have any chicken on their menu :(

Now I know why.  Shame. 




 If that's true, then he makes more than 50% of the US.  Median income is around $23k/yr 




 They did that in my town in 2003-2005.  Tore down the whole thing (movie theater, KMart) save for the one JC Penny store.  Then it's a bunch of outdoor modern themes and a Best Buy went in there in 2005.  Turned it around quite nicely. 




 anytime fitness, Edmonds, Wa.  Might be another 5+ months before we open though. We've been "negotiating" the lease since september. 




 Oh yeah, I'm aware of what is needed to succeed. I'm the business person with lots of exp with small-medium size businesses. I can turn on the personality when I need to. My wife will be the main customer facing person.  She's the more fitness passionate and loves to help everyone.  Still up in the air about how to handle the personal training aspect, but the franchise has an in depth immersion on boarding to get you up to par to the successful clubs. 




 It was $500k for everything for a 5k sqft 24/hr gym, renting the building, and I will run it. (you don't need 24hr staffing)  




 Yeah, the one I'm looking at is $500k when all said and done 




 Industry average is 45% churn rate yoy. 




 $100-$150? I'll buy a dozen right now. Cash 




 Rent will be 50% of my overhead for the one I'm getting 




 Lease the equipment. Top name stuff has a 3 year warranty, swap it out for new stuff every three years to stay current and basically infinite warranty 




 Compared to other franchises, I'm buying an anytime fitness as we speak. It might be $500k for the whole deal, but I could be netting enough to pay that back in 3 years.  After that, mostly profit.  




 And crushed by pressure 




 xpost same as repost?  Last one I saw was on /r/gifs and this is /r/aww 




 LISTEN HILLBILLY... NOT NOW...NOT EVER! 




 I like the subtle nature of it, instant power (compared to turbos spooling)  and it's tuned so that it won't hurt the reliability of the engine.  They give a 36k mile warranty with their kit. 




 I heard it long before the internet was around, but believe what ever you want to believe. 




 why can men sleep with lots of women and be praised for it, but women do the same thing and get shamed? 




 Never heard that one, but it doesn't have the same ring to it.  




 I never said I believed the idiom.  I just give it a reason for when anyone asks this silly question. 




 Nope. It's just something that nature has created.  Men want to spread their seed, but if they see that a woman has had too many other men, they become undesirable. Fast forward 100000 years and now we need to change in our current society.   




 Metaphor.  Master key = stud.  Terrible lock = slut.  When people ask this question, this is one of the better explanations. 




 Whoosh?
 




 If a key opens many locks, it is a master key.  If a lock is opened by many keys, it is a terrible lock.

EDIT: Holy crap I've awakened the entire sub /r/feminism 
ITT: people that can't take a joke. 




 http://i.imgur.com/fLfru9k.gifv 




 http://i.imgur.com/fLfru9k.gifv 




 United 




 This is the right answer.

Step dad has global priority status(2 million or so lifetime miles). Gets upgraded nearly every flight. We get upgraded with him on occasion 




 Happens in India too.  Counterfeit rum still has methanol in it.  Killing lots of people because it's sold super cheap 




 If 4 players remain, and it's two ww and two villagers.  The game is over and the ww win. 




 Stillen.  When I get another 8-9k saved up to blow 




 Oh that should be easy. They'll have a flat rate per hour to do it might be $85/$150 hr 




 It's going to be a performance shop for you then.  Everything is going to cost more than you think.  Try to find a place that specializes in Nissan/infiniti cars.  I know there is a spot here in Seattle that will do the supercharger when I get it, but all other bolt on stuff I'll do myself 




 I think you hearing the lifters. Pretty sure it sounds normal to me 




 Downtown Seattle was the same at noon 




 It's more trouble than it's worth. A $20 cd player mount is way easier 




 Ctrl + F Whet = upvote 




 and didn't even list the first one? 




 Was right there too, but I don't work there 




 Very personal issues beyond the depression and after the book was released.

I know what happened, but no idea how she's doing.  




 Dark things absorb the energy while white tends to reflect a lot of it 




 We were right down the right side of that pic. 









 So I ordered the kit on their black friday week specials for $1240 and it arrived today.

It came in 2 separate boxes weighing a total of about 100lbs. It comes in 6 pieces + the hardware.  Tools you need are a 14mm socket, 14mm wrench, 12mm socket, lots of penetrating spray lube, and that's it.  

The instructions are pretty basic and not TOO descriptive but it wasn't hard to figure out what they were talking about.

The most difficult part of the whole job is removing the factory exhaust.  I just jacked up the rear my car on jack stands and went to work.  The factory exhaust is 3 pieces.  The muffler, the resonators, and the y-pipe.  It's held on by 10 bolts and 5 rubber hangers.  

In my case, the bolts that attached the y-pipe to the resonators were frozen/jammed on there good, I was able to break one loose, but ended up stripping the nut of the 2nd.  Not that big of a deal as you can remove the cross member that is right there and the whole thing came out as one big piece (y-pipe+resonators).  Getting the hangers out of the rubber supports was a bear as well.  They have an arrow tip that makes it really hard for them to go back out after they have been installed. You have to pull on the rubber while at the same time push on the mufflers (and a lot of lube) to finally get them out.  This would have been massively easier if I had it on a lift and not awkwardly squirming on the ground trying to get leverage.

Installing the new parts was super simple.  First put the larger part of the y-pipe on, then the other and secure the bolts finger tight using the factory gasket and bolts.  Then hang the resonators in their spots and bolt it to the y-pipe with the gasket and supplied hardware, again finger tight.  After that, you hang the mufflers in their spots (kinda of a bitch by yourself working from the ground). Last bolt the tubes from the muffler to the resonators with the last 2 gaskets.   From the cats start tightening everything down working your way back checking for clearance of the sway bar and cross member (that you reinstalled if you took it off).  Once the exhaust tips are aligned properly (by sliding the hangers back or forward), you can make sure everything is bolted down tight.  Start the car, check for leaks.

For my car, it was about a 3.5/10 difficulty.  If I had a lift it would have been a 2/10....with a helper and a lift, 1/10.  From unboxing to taking the car off the stands and cleaning up was about 3 hours.  I spent too long on that one bolt and I kept getting work phone calls, so it could have been 2-2.5 hours.

The increase in performance seemed noticeable.  I'm sure I'll use the extra "19 rwhp" claimed by Stillen, but it's the sound that makes it worth all the while.

During initial startup and under load, it sounds mean...but not obnoxious, very similar to the stock sound (which I loved).  On the road, it's actually QUIETER than stock.  Anyone that complains of a "drone" is hallucinating.  I took a trip down the freshly paved freeway near my house last week with the stock exhaust and tonight with the Stillen exhaust.  I also took with me a dB meter.  Stock exhaust was around 67-75db at highway speeds.  Stillen was 63-70db.  I was really surprised.  Perhaps after a few hundred miles it might change as it gets broken in, but we'll just have to wait and see.

I'll post a vid of the exhaust under load compared to stock after it stops this wind/rain shit storm that Seattle has going right now.

**tl;dr  Stillen exhaust is super easy to install, more power, and a mature sound that wont piss off your whole neighborhood.**

 




 I have a GoPro with lots of mounts and will be doing some before/after video's.  

What would you like to see?

I'll probably just drive a 1-2 mile route around my neighborhood with the camera stuck just above the exhaust, then again in the cabin.  After the new exhaust is on, repeat it. 

I might also do a time lapse of the install process, it doesn't look all that difficult.
 
























 http://www.imgur.com/cMWVY0m.jpeg

I've done nothing but baby this thing since I got it a week ago.  Never attempted to replace the band. If it's off my wrist, it's on the charger.  

Any suggestions? 









 That's too bad. I really wanted the metal band to start with.  Now...to get the silver or black trim and wait for the metal bands to come out.  http://gizmodo.com/moto-360-hands-on-the-one-weve-been-waiting-for-proba-1630875506 




 My wife and I moved to Seattle recently and was looking forward to going to PAX Prime, but missed out getting any tickets.  

I thought the face value of these were like $35 each, so I'm not sure why all of them are advertised for $80+ ea.  If someone could explain that to me, that would help.  Unless it's just people taking advantage of others, then...well, people suck.

Anyway, I'd love to go just for a day to see it.  Any day would be ok, but if there are 2 Sat or Sun passes available at a reasonable price so that both my wife and I can go, I'd be forever grateful.  

If you are here in the Seattle area, that would be best, otherwise I guess shipping will have to do. 





























 Fun Fact. If the top 30% of Americans (anyone making ~$47k+ a year) donated just over 25% of their income, the minimum wage could be set at $30000 a year. Now that would be nearly 100% increase in $ for 40% of the people in the country (around 60 MILLION people). What would the economy look like if almost half the people had twice the money they had before?

If you make less that $20k/yr now, what would YOU do with $10K+ more money at the job you currently have? Buy more things than you would right now probably. Perhaps start investing in things? Start owning a home? Trade in that old inefficient unsafe car? Start eating better food and going to the gym? Stop going to the dollar store/Wal-Mart and start spending money at local shops and on things that were made in the USA because now you don't have to save every penny? I would think that far more business ventures would be more successful because more people would have more money to spend on things that aren't necessities.

I know that people will screen "socialism!" and "redistribution of wealth to the lazy!" and what not, but it's just a thought experiment. Since 1% of the people have 40% of the wealth in this country, what would happen if we DID take half of that money that the 1% has and gave it to the bottom 40% (The bottom 80% only have 7% of the wealth currently). Think about it. 

A CEO makes ~380x more than the average employee (not the least paid...the average). The average person has 1 car, if that. CEO's don't have 380 cars each, or even a few cars that combined are worth 380x the average. It gets to a point to where you can only buy so much stuff. Sure it can be lavish, expensive and superlative..but if you make 1000 times more that the average person, you wont spend 1000 times more money on things. In 2012, 3000 people made AT LEAST 1000 times more than 60,000,000 people did, with 1000 of those making over 5000 times more.

Forget about if it is "fair" or not. Just what if the rich suddenly decided to willingly give up a decent portion of their immense wealth for the good of the country. 

Reddit:  What do you think would happen when 60 Million people have over twice as much to spend each year? 










































































 I just got an email from best buy where I pre ordered my ps4 that the new release date for it was 11/30/13.

I wonder if they have announced this yet 










































































 The primary reason I have it is to look at my house to see where I'm losing heat in the winter... But what other fun things do you think I should do? It's not a super high end one, no zoom or anything like that but it does have the ability to save pictures... So I'll post some shots of requests am able to do it. Suggestions?

EDIT: Here is the album of what I've made shot so far. http://imgur.com/a/o7rnE 
























 Back in the day, one of the williams sisters said that they could take on any male in a game of tennis.  The world ranked #200 male took the challenge and won easily. 




 Zap was created specifically for Phil 




 Neural adaptation is an amazing thing 




 **SPPPPLENDIFEROUS FINCH!**  Northwestern Universitah! 




 every car is black/white/grey.

We had to look forEVER to find the right car that wasn't black/white/silver.  Like a year or more (used car).

Here's a cool time lapse of cars in San Diego where they are all separated into color. http://vimeo.com/82038912 look at how many white/grey/black cars then count the rest of them.

There's like 2-3 seconds of blue and one pure yellow (sentra on the top) and one orange (WRX). 




 [not that rare](http://i.imgur.com/sAsSfgh.jpg) I love mine, get compliments all the time.

What I never see are sport coupes.

It's always an X series or a sedan S 




 I added a 500w amp and one 10" sub and it's fine. 




 They might make a case if something that is directly connected to the mod if it goes wrong. Like the maf, or the o2 sensor goes out with a intake and exhaust mod.  




 Maybe add a little more fluid abd check the level of your pads. 




 It's got a hole in the top for one but I've not seen anything that goes in it. Our unit makes smoothies like a champ.  It's the only button we use 




 I think it refers to when you are walking down the sidewalk and you are on the "outside" of the two of you, closer to the street.  This is more dangerous for you and safer for her. 




 [Intake dyno vs stock](http://blog.stillen.com/wp-content/gallery/g37ultralongtube/402846~dyno.jpg)

[Exhaust vs stock on a 370z](http://370zexhaust.com/370z-stillen-exhaust-dyno.jpg) 




 Well, they have individual dyno readings of 19hp from the exhaust and about 15hp from the intake.  I've not seen a unit that has a dyno of both (and only both) vs stock.

It's seems far fetched, but they have some data to back it up. 




 P85D, D means dual motor.  so it's AWD with launch assist so it doesn't blindly put the power where it doesn't need it. 




 That's why they need to get the hydrogen fuel cell's working at this level.  You can just pump more hydrogen into it to generate more electricity and have a long range, fast refill and just as powerful of a car. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kG6veF_34QE really? 




 It seems like a lot of people already are.  Valentines is in like 2 weeks. 




 they usually are trying to smash it in to some other moving thing which is tough.

If all you are doing is smashing it in to a wall...that's much easier. 




 It could have an embargo against releasing reviews until the day it's released, like assassins creed unity  




 Wait 6 months after it comes out, it'll be 1/2 price 




 www.idonotwantkids.com 




 http://puu.sh/f0h0F/0e9268a204.jpg

$85/mo but I use it for some business work so I can expense it. 




 Back when game distribution wasn't that good, you had to pre-order games in order to ensure that when it came out, you could actually get a copy.  Now you can get virtually every new release in a digital download format, therefore there is an unlimited supply of games.

So, with that being said there is actually 0 reason to pre order a game.  Games will go on sale after they are released.  all pre orders do now is just give game companies money for stuff they haven't done yet.  They know they can just rush games out, un polished, buggy, and patch it up later if need be.  But they don't need to do that, because they'll just work on the next half baked big IP game and shovel in more money from those pre orders. 




 I thought we were stopping the whole pre-order thing now? 




 Stillen Gen 3 will get you the most HP/$ for sure.

I like the sound of the [Stillen Exhaust](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tw41sSRZ4mU) as well. 

Both of those combined should give you a 30+hp boost for about $2k total.

If you go big, then you can go with a supercharger or Twin turbo kit, but those can be upwards of $10k and get you to 500+ hp at the crank 




 Which is why I don't own a XB1, and won't buy any racing games on the PS4 until GT7. 

Maybe they'll have the G27 figured out by then. 




 I'm really disappointed in Sony that they have snubbed everyone but Thrustmaster.  That's the real issue.  I've spoken with people at Logitech directly (at E3 and PAX) and they say that it doesn't have the little chip inside it to make the unit be recognized as a legit device.

They say they are working on it, but damn, they've been out for a year and nothing.

I'm sure they've done all they can, but Sony isn't letting them have the rights to it for some reason.  




 Don't use so much throttle?  You are in control of how high the engine revs in a manual transmission 




 They just bought 10 Barrel out of Bend Oregon too.  They are scrambling to buy up anyone willing to sell it would seem 




 [The Shark Cannon](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MktPVfMrFmg) from Armed and Dangerous was pretty damn good too. 




 It used to be... 




 Did the slave cylinder fail taking out the clutch like mine did after 57k miles?

I got the stillen flywheel and clutch kit combo.  It's a little harder to drive slower and it has a little chatter now but I like it.

I'll be looking into a supercharger later, so that's the reason I upgraded 




 My wedding ring is this style.  Love it 




 contacts and make-up https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmXeQzbHwjo feature=player_embedded
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SuuOM8Ok_nE
 




 How do you know you will like the game or it will be complete when it's released?  They have your money, what incentive do they have to make it extra polished? 




 Yeah I remember. But up until the last few episodes, I was always pulling for Walt. 




 Don't you feel due to the nerves in your arm leading up your spine?  What if you weren't attached to the spine? 




 There is a lot of discussion around the length of time you may or may not be conscious.

But what would it FEEL like?  Would there be pain?  Sounds like a silly question, but if you have no spinal cord attached to your head, what pain could you feel?   




 I get why they were against him, but they didn't see all the work, planning and shit he went through to set them up and their future family for life. 




 I don't think I ever hated him.  I was rooting for him the entire time.  I was pissed when his family found out and just flat out turned and rejected him after all he had done for them.  So much work, so much pain, so much death...all for the family.  And they want nothing to do with him.  Fuck that family. 




 he bounced up and down, but when he hit it the weight transfered up, the car had very little contact with the road. When he came back down, the tires griped again and jerked in a direction he wasn't prepared for and lost control. 




 If you can see a bump in the road 500 feet in front of you, you have not quite 2 seconds to react at 200mph.

at 200mph, the bumps in the road they hit you probably wouldn't even notice a 55mph.  It looked like it had a couple of little hills back to back which threw the car off balance and it would take one hell of a driver to keep it under control.  




 Tracks are bumpy too, you just get a feel for where they are and know how to negotiate them.

The bump that was in this vid probably wasn't even noticeable at 55mph. 

 




 Yeah, the 458 I rented was just a normal seat belt.  It wasn't a racing version, just a normal 458 Italia. 




 Xray says nothing broken 




 so YOUR the reason that warning is on the box. QTip was invented for earwax cleaning, now it says to not put it in your ear. 




 wut? 




 Didn't notice it there 









 My house in Lynnwood was $425k and it's easily twice that size and brand new everything.  Why is Bellingham so spendy? 




 You can setup an auto trader alert to email you results daily with very specific criteria.  I did that for my g37 and my wife's veloster.  We got exactly what we wanted. We just had to wait.  




 96% 




 GREED! 




 Denver tried this last year, didn't seem to help 




 I'm sure the dealer can tell you that. 




 Yup.  Works great.  $15 




 They played even more songs when they played the Neptune in July.   




 A really good one too.  Saw you at deck the hall ball and when you played the Neptune here in Seattle 




 Pepsi points were the zenith of these.  I worked as a bottle returns person at a grocery store in 1996 when pepsi points were around.  No one really collected them with any regularity.  So when people brought their cans and bottles in to recycle, I would take them to the back, cut off all the points (they were on the outside labels plastic bottles and on the cardboard cases of cans) and keep them, then sort them where they needed to go.

I had THOUSANDS of points at the end of the summer and got SO much crap most of it was pretty decent. 




 I guess the article was worded weird.  It should have clarified that the force it takes to fight against gravity increases.  




 http://www.imgur.com/jn0A9YV.jpeg

www.denneroll.com 

Seems to help as long as I remember to use it. 




 I have the t-shirt. 




 http://www.imgur.com/jn0A9YV.jpeg

www.denneroll.com 

Seems to help as long as I remember to use it. 




 Bought it from my chiropractor under his advice. It definitely helps. I'm not at home. I'll have to post it after the duck game 




 Hold a 10lb barbell directly over your head. Then keep your arm locked, and slowly lower it in 15 degree increments. See how much harder it is to keep it stable the closer you get to 90 degrees.

Now your shoulder is your neck, and the barbell is your head. 

Your tendons will stretch over time under the added stress and the condition will get worse and worse.

I get a general ache in my upper back from to much phone time. I have a special "pillow" that helps me undo the damage it causes. I rest on it for 10 min a couple days a week to help counter it. 




 A couple of hours in which direction 




 Trivial Pursuit is spelled wrong. 




 [pretty sure he might be talking about this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vYNnPx8fZBs]) 




 aren't they under the hood mostly?  A bit more difficult and far more overt. 




 to be fair, that's a diesel and very few, if any of those were ever sold in the US. 

But yeah.  The truck that never dies
 




 Well, when I say portable X-Ray and laser spectrometers, people always assume medical.  So I clarify beforehand.  




 Industrial analytical equipment sales firm 




 No...no it's not. Still looks like it forgot to stop running head first into a wall 




 Some places (rural and semi rural US), there is no such thing as inspection.  




 I wouldn't risk a blown transmission 




 [this](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t rct=j q= esrc=s source=web cd=4 cad=rja uact=8 ved=0CEYQFjAD url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FHot_Coffee_%2528film%2529 ei=BMixVJ-NGInroASZqYDYAw usg=AFQjCNHx3dyIyy8PuFXJtJqNzFitgqW_BA sig2=s_nKCg0lDrFr1p_2M2GIDA)

Is a great documentary about that story and how it worked out better for corporations. 




 more specifically, the circle is the only shape that exists that wont pass through itself.  Any other shape (reasonable man sized shape) can fall through in one configuration or another. 




 Ah. I've only watch like 6-7 of the first season.  It's like the office, but public servant version.  I never was able to get into either of the office shows 




 Can I just get a abridged version of Park and Rec where it's JUST the Ron Swanson parts?

I don't feel like burning through 6-7 seasons just so I can see his few scenes. 




 you MIGHT have to take a pic of the grill to get the full effect. 

People that don't know what those are won't know the extent to how far down those go.

try framing the pic so the bottom of the grill is the bottom of the frame and the hood is open with the bottom of the windshield is at the top. 




 Aaaand ordered 




 Side cash is always fun 




 60/hr.  Not bad. but 1200/mo...meh.  

Thanks for the info though. 




 The big fancy hotels will cater to the business crowd where the bill expensed to a large company or the people that can normally afford 200+ a night don't mind (too much).  


There's a saying..."The more you pay, the less you get".  Take the Porsche 911 GT3 RS.  It's a stripped down light-weight, no frills version of the GT3, but it costs a lot more. 

 




 with all that, what's your definition of "good profit" for 20 hours of work a month. 




 what factors makes your 9 units more profitable than others? 




 Wife = BS in Biochem with 5 yrs exp.  Had to look for 6 months to get a job that pays ok. She works (worked) at Amgen, but through a staffing company that pays her 55k/yr when a direct amgen employee was about 80k.

Friend of wife = MS in Biochem with 8 yrs exp making 48k/yr here.

The market is flooded here and companies are taking advantage.  Go elsewhere or do something else.

 




 That's supply and demand right there. 




 It's close enough to where I don't care.  It makes it a little more unique. customizing your car is fun.

lying about it being imported from Japan...that's douche canoe territory. 




 There is a difference between a Skyline, and a Skyline GT-R (R3x).  I don't think they make a Skyline GT-R since the new platform in 2003.  It's just Skyline 350GT (G35) or the GT-R (R35).

If the kid has GT-R badges, then that's stupid.  If he swapped Infiniti for Skyline...there's nothing wrong with that. 




 R35=USDM GT-R  Similar platform to the G series, but not that close.  the G35 and the Skyline 350GT are VERY close. 




 go on... 




 Fully loaded Optima with the 2.0L Turbo...That would have been my car of choice for the price.

The Tc was basically a less girly Celica. 




 Technically it IS a Skyline, but it's not an R35 by any means. Just because it was "imported" doesn't make it any better (even if it were true).  If I had a 280hp car in High school, i'd feel pretty damn proud of it too. 




 Mom's dog. http://i.imgur.com/1nrtf0l.jpg 




 I hope his pant leg snags and a bloodbath ensues. 




 Well, to be honest, it's exactly what we intend to do.  Use the capital we've saved, invest it and (hopefully) get a lot more back in the next few years.  Once we have that new return, invest that and accelerate the income generation even more.  In the next 20 years, retire on pure residual income.  




 If you have the know how to setup the production facility, the distribution network, the sales channels, the regulatory compliance, etc. Then go do it yourself.  Be the boss and reap all of the profits.

I feel you in your specific chemical scenario.  My wife is a biochemist.  The business of chemistry and biochemistry is way more lucrative for the business people than the chemists that create the actual content their selling.

As such, she's quitting and we're opening our own business (not chemistry related). 




 I did the same thing at Best Buy.  I was a hourly department manager (not a supervisor, only one in the store) and there were 4-5 Assistant store managers.  

I was making $21/hr + up to 40% bonuses.  They were flat 55-60k/yr + x% bonuses.

They weren't making their numbers to get bonuses, working 50hrs a week (60 for the holidays) and I was at 40 hrs/wk hitting max bonus numbers and had OT when I needed to work more.

After I left, one of the AM's "demoted" herself to my spot.  Same money, less work load. 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eight-hour_day

Here's where it came from.

What you have is a [ROWE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ROWE). 

I have the same thing. I can work 10 hours for weeks on end because I'm good at what I do.  Sometimes it's 70 hours though.  As long as the results are there, I get paid. 




 [replied to wrong one] 




 And why it was TMI instead of fantasy material. 




 http://instantrimshot.com/index.php?sound=rimshot play=true 




 Those people would have better odds having 100 kids than you winning the powerball 




 Tell that to the 600+ people that are now looking for biotechnology jobs from amgen leaving 




 Jesus CHRIST! There are somethings you don't talk about in public! 
























