 Possibly Escaflowne 




 V/H/S 2 is pretty good as well. 




 I shouted at the screen for the last five minutes. 




 God yes! And, when you think about it  [](#s "you realise that there is no real threat and that only real villain is the now helpless old woman who dies half way through the film! ") 




 Sleepaway Camp  














 It's been a while.

Had a shithouse day?

Send me a message and I'll send you a pizza. 




 Can anyone suggest a good Melbourne based web designer to help me put together a basic site for my business?

I'm looking for someone creative (read, artsy) who is also professional.

 



















 I watched Zombieland recently and it made me feel ill. However, M* A* S* H, Buffy and Heartbreak High (Australian soap for teens I grew up on) all eclipse their cinematic origins.

 









 I've recently given up reading Empire and listening to film podcast because I got sick of spoilers and bad reviewes. Just because the film is called [](#s "Seeking Friend For The End Of The World") doesn't mean [](#s "the world is going to end in the movie") so don't mention that fact in the film! 

I'm also sick of the obsession with focusing on whether the reviewer liked or disliked the film. That was important when we had only papers to tell us if films were worth watching, now, with the internet, we can get a sense of quality in seconds. 

I want **real** analysis! Make me think!

 


































 I run a weekly variety show called The Variety Collective which I shamelessly PLUG here ever once and a while.

We're currently looking for new acts who'd like to perform at the show. We book professional and semi-professional performers including magicians, circus performers, sideshow artists, clowns (the good ones, not the creepy American style ones), musicians with gimmick and pretty much any other skill based entertainment you can think of. 

If you know of anyone or are a performer yourself it would be great to hear from you. 

 



















 I love con artist movies.

I just wrote a book on them which is coming out next year.

So, if you can name a con artist movie that I haven't seen I'll give you some sweet, sweet gold. 

I'm pretty picky about what films I consider con artist movies. (Ocean's 11, The Usual Suspects, The Thomas Crown Affair don't count I'm afraid)

http://scams.wikispaces.com/Cinematic+Scams

 














 I remember having nightmares about this scene from Pee Wee's Big Adventure.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzolCu-QLw0

Now, I don't know what I was so scared of. 



 




 For me it's always been Invasion of The Body Snatchers (1978).

http://www.filminamerica.com/Movies/InvasionOfTheBodySnatchers1978/invasion23.jpg

Even the Mad Magazine parody gave me nightmares.
What's yours? Post screenshots if you've got them. 




 Pick your favourite scene using special effect created with latex, models, perspective, stunts, explosions rather than CGI. 

Link to a video or pic if you can. 












































 Often, a movie adaptation will improve on the original book. The following are films I feel are an improvement on the source material. I've used spoiler tags as most relate to the ending.

Breakfast at Tiffany's
[spoiler] (#s  "The introduction of the love interest and the rain-soaked finale makes for a cheesy conclusion but I love it all the same.")

Fight Club [spoiler](#s  " 'You met me at a very strange time in my life" and then Boom! In the books, the attacks fail and he ends up in hospital.' ")

Matchstick Men [spoiler](#s "The reunion in the carpet store and the reconciliation with the wife  after the finale twist doesn't appear in the novel and it's kind of a downer.")

Thank You For Smoking [spoiler](#s "In the film, he becomes a hero and returns to work. In the book, he becomes an anti-smoking advocate.")

First Blood [spoiler](#s "In the original novel, Rambo is the bad guy and is shot to death. In the film, he is a troubled veteran whose actions are understandable.")

The Mist [spoiler](#s "In the film, he shoots his young son in the head to save him from the monsters in the fog not realising that help the sounds he hears is the army on the way. In the book, they simply drive into the mist.")

What are your favourites?



 


































 Listening to the radio a few weeks back, they were talking about the 'Dumb Ways To Die' video and it's success. 

One of the guests, who works in advertising, suggested that the advertisement's goal is NOT to make people safe around trains but to make Metro more likeable. 

It's much harder to be cynical about a whimsical safety advertisement than a whimsical crappy-public-transport-authority advertisement. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJNR2EpS0jw 




 A few people have bought up the Melbourne Magic Festival in the past few days so, as one of the organisers, I thought I'd start a one-stop thread for people to ask questions, make requests and post Arrested Development quotes.

The festivals runs from 1-13 July at Northcote Town Hall.

http://melbournemagicfestival.com/ 
























 I saw a guy ram a car with his motorcycle today and then swear at the driver. 

Sadly for him, the car was an unmarked police car and the driver and his passenger were cops.

The sirens went on and the jerk freaked out, sprinted across Bell Street and dove head first over the eight foot high fence before disappearing into the scrub around Merri Creek.

The cops took after him and the last thing I saw before the lights changed and I had to drive away was the podgy copper trying to scale the fence after him.

It was like something out of The Bill. 




 In hindsight, saying 'nothing sus' makes it sound sus.

I need a talented under 18 year old musician to do three songs for a gig on 5 June. It's a variety show (comedy, magic, circus etc.) and we need a shit hot musical act. 

There is some money involved which is nice. In the past, we've had everything from piano accordions and choirs to MCs and standard covers. 

Hit me up at info@conman.com.au or below. 












































 I do a show about scams and con artists and had a gig last night at Parliament House. Security searched my bag and, after seeing what I was carrying, decided to call the police.

My evening ended with me being interrogated by the Australian Protective Services for 20 minutes while they did a background check on me. 

"But officer, I'm an HONEST con man..." didn't seem to cut it.

In hindsight, trying to bring a hammer, two nails, a sharp knife, a lock picking set, two loaded dice and a small bottle of lighter fluid into the building might have been a mistake. 














 I'm putting together a board game event in July and I am looking for groups that might be keen to have some input on the show.

http://melbournemagicfestival.com/speaker-lineup/beat-the-cheat/ 
























 I've three double passes to my comedy festival show.

It's looking like a quiet night and I've got the Herald Sun reviewing my show. All the other reviews have been glowing but getting a nice review in print would be great. 

The show is an expose of my time as a regular on Today Tonight and all the awful things you didn't know about that show (as well as the awful things you already do know) 

If you're keen, email me at info@conman.com.au

PS - I've tried not to make this a blantant plug for the show. I'm really just giving away some tix.

EDIT 2: - The reviewers have asked to SWAP night to WEDNESDAY! So if anyone would like to come WEDNESDAY night, please email info@conman.com.au. Obviously happy to see the comps who are coming tonight!

www.conman.com.au/todaytonight
 




 I'm looking for someone who is enthusiastic and friendly who'd like to hand out flyers for me for my comedy festival show tonight (and several other nights) from 7:15-9:15 in town.

I can afford $15 per hour. 

Let me know if you're keen.   














 I help run a weekly show at The Brunswick Green. Every few weeks we invite a few redditors for free to get new audiences.

This week, I have three double passes. Hit me up on info@conman.com.au if you want one. 

https://www.facebook.com/events/346992812087221/?fref=ts

"If it wasn't for the last minute I wouldn't get anything done at all"

This week's Variety Collective is packed full of last minute acts direct from the Adelaide Fringe and warming up for the Melbourne Comedy Festival.

NEIL SINCLAIR - Comedian and lying bastard!

BAYDEN HAMMOND - Magician and swell guy!

CHRISTOPHER ZALUSKI - Foot juggler and NICA graduate!

BOSS OCTOPUS - Sketch comedians!

KIM CHRISTENSEN - Contact juggler and street performer!

WITH your host, the man the Adelaide Advertiser described as having 'a pumpkin shaped head' NICHOLAS J. JOHNSON!

8:00pm on 13 March

The Brunswick Green
313 Sydney Road
Brunswick

All Tickets - $10

https://www.facebook.com/events/346992812087221/?fref=ts 




 I've been developing a simple yet kind of addictive card game over the past year. The idea is for players to act as spiders and spin a web to help win a prize. Players can cut, tangle and steal each other's webs.

There are pictures that explain the game better here at the facebook page I set up the other day...

https://www.facebook.com/danglegame

Have you seen a similar game before?

 




 I need a QUALIFIED handy man to build some floor to ceiling, wall to wall shelves. The job with probably involved a bit of joinery.

Any recommendations? 




 I opened my stand up show Today Tonight, Tomorrow the World last year in Melbourne and couldn't have done it with the support of all the redditors who plugged it and came along.

So i'm paying it forward and giving away some free tickets to my show at Gluttony for the next two weeks. 

We had a full house last night and comments from twitter said:

"Just saw Today Tonight. Magnificent! Highly recommend." - @screamcreative2

"go see this show! you will be surprised!" @traceymathers 

"This is a brilliant show, everyone should see this show, very smart comedy." lebby panaayiotu. 

If you'd a free double pass hit me up on email to info@conman.com.au with the date you want to come (I'm on until the 9 March).

www.conman.com.au/todaytonight

EDIT: Thanks for the love guys. Had a few redditors come in and see the show last night. It's a tough fringe for performers so it's nice to know I have friends out there. I can spare a few more tickets if anyone missed out.  














 I run The Variety Collective every week at The Brunswick Green on Sydney Road. 

We have a rusted on fan base of people who come every week to watch comedy, magic etc.

I'd like to bring in a new audience so I thought I'd give a few double passes to my reddit friends.

Send me an email to info@conman.com.au.

https://www.facebook.com/events/362457663861245/?fref=ts

EDIT ONE: A few tickets left...I'll let you know when they are all gone. 
























 TO: Goodlife Health Clubs, Australia
SUBJECT: Are you shitting me?

I quit your crappy gym FIVE YEARS ago. 

You wouldn't take no for an answer and spammed me for MONTHS afterwards. 

I had to threaten legal action to get you to stop sending your damn crappy emails.

And now, in 2013, you've started again.

I'd rather sit alone in my house, morbidly obese eating shake-a-pancake from the bottle than ever deal with you people again. 

Sod off.

Nicholas 














 ...and my damn iphone just ran out of juice.

Was it pair of docs? Or a paradox? 

EDIT:

Doxxus has pics:  http://i.imgur.com/WlKIP8G.jpg 



















 I was looking at the Kickstarter/Pozible projects I've supported and there isn't really a pattern to what I like. Sometimes I'm just on the bandwagon, other times I just want to know the game EXISTS (even if I don't play it)

What makes you support a campaign?

 









 I can only clearly remember two scenes.

One, involved a politician, possibly the prime minister standing on balcony shouting insanely while an aide tries to convince to take cover. Moments later, a nuclear bomb goes off.

The other, set after the apocalypse, sees a group of people kept in a cage while lions and tigers circle them as the new ruling class laugh at this 'reverse zoo'

it was a really disturbing satire of the politics of the time. 

(it's NOT Threads :) ) 
 









 I'm looking to print my first card game and I've been recommended contacting this Indian company. 

http://www.playingcardsindia.com

Has anyone ever played any of the games they have printed? Or can you offer me any advice or picking a printer?

Thanks in advance.

EDIT: The game I am creating is called Dangle (http://danglegame.tumblr.com)

 




 I love film but I am entirely sick of our culture's obsession with ranking, rating and reviewing them. 

I don't really care if a critic thinks a film is good or bad, I'm more interested in analysis, interesting trivia and where a movie fits in the history of film.

I spend less time here: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1478964/reviews
and more time here: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1478964/trivia

Can anyone suggest any good podcasts I can listen too?

 









 I'm looking to print a 100 card game next year and I'm looking at various options for printing.

The game involves a lot of laying down and picking up card from the table so I really need something thick and high quality.

I've check out game crafter but I'm looking for other ideas.

Thanks for any help! 







































 Been sick as a dog this week. I thought it was food poisoning but it's hung around for days.

Is there a nasty stomach virus going around?  









 It turns out there is some sort of sporting event on tomorrow night, the second night of my Fringe Festival show which means tickets sales are down a little. 

Since redditors were nice enough to come out to my test show back in August, I thought I'd throw out five double passes for the Saturday night show. 

The show is called Today Tonight, Tomorrow The World and tells the tale about how I sold my soul to the most infamous show on Australian television, Today Tonight!

Send me an email at info@conman.com.au to score one of the double passes.

https://www.facebook.com/events/412320292137593/ 
























 I'm putting on a show in a few weeks about being a little bit famous.

Have you ever been on TV or in a movie? 

What did you do?

https://www.facebook.com/events/412320292137593/ 




 I'm in town for a few days and I keep hearing people dissing Melbourne.

I didn't know this was a thing. 

Also, people keeping telling me a look like a pedophile and/or hipster. 

Is there a big problem with hipsters/pedophiles in Sydney?

 









 It's that time again.

Had a shit house day?

Send me a message and I'll send you a pizza.



 




 Had a shitty day?

Time for a random act of pizza.

Send me a message and I'll send you a piping hot pizza.

EDIT: Pizzas are all gone for tonight. May the pizza gods smile on you. 



 




 I'm hoping to put on a free night of comedy while I'm in Sydney in a couple of nights.

I'll be previewing my new one man show before it premieres at Melbourne Fringe Festival at the end of the month. I did a preview earlier this week in Melbourne and it went quite well.

All I need is a small space with a bar and possibly a data projector.

Any ideas of where I could I put on such a night?
Would you guys like to come?

https://www.facebook.com/events/412320292137593/

 




 I suffer from anxiety, particularly relating to money and bookkeeping. Often, if I make a mistake on an invoice, I don't get paid rather than go through the stress of resending the account. It's a serious problem that I'm slowly working through.

As such, I just can not handle complicated book keeping software. I've been using a 20 year old copy of MS Money for years which has a basic ledger (income/expense) which has finally stopped working. I'm a sole trader who provides a service.

I need to upgrade but I can't find a piece of software I can handle. All I need is to track income and expense taking into account a 10% sales tax. (GST, I'm in Australia).

I'm working on Mac if that helps.

Thank you in advance for any advice you can give. 




 I'm trying to plug an event and I'm looking for good, free Melbourne gig guides (like Eventfinder or OnlyMelbourne).

Are there any that use or like? 




 Fans of This American Life will already know who Mike Birbiglia. He's a comedian who, with the help of Ira Glass, has made a hilarious movie called "Sleepwalk with Me"

http://movies.mmgn.com/Videos/SLEEPWALK-WITH-ME-Official-Trailer

It's only being shown at a handful of cinemas in the US and it would be awesome to bring it to Melbourne. 

Joss Wedon thinks this is a bad idea: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pj6_020FFXU

If you want this awesome film in Melbourne, head over to Cinema Nova's facebook page and twitter and ask them nicely. 

https://www.facebook.com/pages/Cinema-Nova/118158071574996
https://twitter.com/cinemanova 









 FREE COMEDY and AMA.

In October, I'm premiring a brand spanking new show at Melbourne Fringe.

It's a stand up comedy show about the time I appeared on Today Tonight, meeting Naomi Robson and getting screwed over by the show. 

It's called 'Today Tonight, Tomorrow the World'

I'm having a test run of the show on 28 August at The Brunswick Green and I'd really like to get some complete strangers along to laugh at my jokes or throw puppies if you hate it. (please don't throw puppies. It's not their fault I'm not funny)

https://www.facebook.com/events/412320292137593/

If anyone has any other ideas on how to get some people along to check out some free comedy, let me know.

Thanks. 

PS - You don't HAVE to hate Today Tonight but it helps.

PPS - Ask me anything about myself, Today Tonight or comedy.

EDIT - I've had 50 people email me at info@conman.com.au to book a seat. However, you might still get a seat if you just show up on the night.

EDIT - If you miss out on the preview, here is the Melbourne Fringe link. http://www.melbournefringe.com.au/fringe-festival/show/today-tonight-tomorrow-the-world/ 




 I am super pumped.

The Melbourne Magic Festival is on next week. I just found out the first show (the gala) I'm in has sold out.

Is anyone planning on going?
 




 I currently live in Northcote and I'm thinking of moving cross town to Footscray.

Will I be stabbed in neck?
Will my friends visit me?
 




 I am a magician (hoorah) performing at the Melbourne Magic Festival (hoorah) but I need some help. (boo!)

I'm looking for a 1.25 or 2 litre bottle of coke with someone's name printed on it from that promotion from late last year.

Any name will do!

If you can help, I can even get you a few tickets to a show. We've got stuff for kid's, adults, hipsters, crazy old cat ladies... 




 I am a magician (hoorah) performing at the Melbourne Magic Festival (hoorah) but I need some help. (boo!)

I'm looking for a 1.25 or 2 litre bottle of coke with someone's name printed on it from that promotion from late last year.

Any name will do!

If you can help, I can even get you a few tickets to a show. We've got stuff for kid's, adults, hipsters, crazy old cat ladies.

 

 





























 Can someone please explain to me exactly what a Homeowner's Association is?  




 No. Just No. Stalactites is the place you go at four in the morning when everywhere is shut. 




 That man is very attractive. I found it very distracting.
 




 "He's not coming back" 




 I loved it. I don't know how many interminable entitled rich family dramas I've say thought thinking 'I wish someone would come and kill all these people.' 

That said, I think it did go a little too far into schlock at the end.  




 I thought it was too soon to be in other formats. 

I sing Space Oddity to my daughter as a lullaby. We took her to see the movie at the drive in. She slept through it. 




 I didn't realise this was available as a download.  




 As little respect I have for Hubbard and his 'works' there is little evidence he actually said this. This article covers both sides.

http://www.sweenytod.com/cos/didhesaythis.html

 




 Then we can finally get The Street Fighter II movie the world deserves!  




 Heath Ledger slowly opens his eyes surrounded by machines and chemicals.

"What happened?" 

"Mr Ledger. You've been dead for fives years." says the scientist. "But, with the latest technology, we've been able to cheat death itself and raise you, like Lazarus, from your grave. We don't have long though. The process is only temporary."

"Oh god! Thank you! I'll have one more chance to hold my daughter. To say a proper goodbye to my family. I'll be able talk to Michelle. I always regretted how things ended between us. Thank you for this second chance!"

"I'm sorry Mr Ledger. There isn't much time and we need you to make another Batman movie."

 




 Cancer? 




 I agree. All characters in all movies should be played by a beiged coloured, genderless creature with no distinguishing features at all. That's something we can all enjoy.

https://fbcdn-profile-a.akamaihd.net/hprofile-ak-prn1/50515_243006402673_3668975_n.jpg 




 I'd suggest re-reading what you just wrote and having another stab at it. You might have a point in there somewhere but your sentences make little sense.

EDIT: Your/you're dammit. 




 Not really. Every time an article mentions the test, its limitations are mentioned.  




 Huzzah. Dropped twenty bucks.  




 It says zero days left!  




 Rainbow attracts a very different audience to Edinburgh Gardens.  




 Technically, it was promoted by Melbourne City Council as a place to watch the fireworks last year. 10,000 people showed up and trashed the park. This year, Yarra City Council begrudgingly provided some services.  
 




 You're an idiot. 

Asking people to use a bin is not the same as asking people not to have an abortion. 

 




 It's only a disaster if you live in the area. 




 I'm calling bullshit. While there might be true events that inspired filmmakers to create a fictional work, there is no way most of these films are 'based on' true stories. 

 




 I had the opposite reaction. Wait? The  guy who made Braindead/Dead Alive, Meet The Feebles and Bad Taste is being given millions to make Lord of The Rings? 




 Steven Sodeburgh always surprised me. Magic Mike, Haywire, Schizopolis 




 You'll need to google it like I did.  




 I do that all the time. I was trying to google 'Racist Mascots' the other week and my mind wandered half way through. Long story short, I now have the phrase 'Racist Masturbation' on my search history.   




 My daughter is 36. She's getting really sick of my shit.  




 George R. R. Martin bought an old movie theatre and watches films from the cry room so we can enjoy the movie without the rest of the audience noticing him as the owner/author. 

http://www.npr.org/2013/10/07/227772024/george-r-r-martin-author-and-movie-theater-guy 




 I take my daughter to the drive in and the special bring your babies sessions.  




 Also, cash converters.  




 Also, don't use a boxcutter. Good advice. 




 It. Not I. Sorry. I should have been clearer. 




 He was in the movie so, yes. Yes, I do.

EDIT: Clarity. 




 He could have played Parker too.  




 I know right? How DARE they feel bad when someone tells a racist joke? I feel so oppressed. 




 Sadly, the large majority of people who make racist jokes lack the cognitive abilities to be able to tell whether their friends is smiling politely or genuinely amused. 

I have friend who CONSTANTLY makes Jew jokes. He just does not get that it offends and annoys our jewish friends, despite what they tell him.

 




 This, a thousand times over.  




 http://fc09.deviantart.net/fs71/f/2011/329/e/9/avengers_booty_ass_emble_by_kevinbolk-d4hb4xl.jpg 




 Kung Pow fans don't even know how to spell the word awful.  




 Life is Beautiful killed me.  




 Fun fact! This is called Gestalt's Law of Continuity. With information removed, our brains tend to fill in that information by continuing the already existing pattern. In this case, we imagine the nude woman because all we see is skin. SCIENCE! 

 




 That's a mean thing to say.  




 Slut? Really? You're calling Catwoman a slut?  




 And here is Anchorman 1...

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0357413/?ref_=nv_sr_2 




 Clue 




 That is, perhaps, the single most American thing I've ever read. 




 And not to be confused with 'The Double'

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWhikLYeSQ0

 




 I really enjoyed Side By Side. Keanu Reeves' contribution to film is underrated, even if his acting isn't.   




 Is that the Saddam Hussein one?
 




 Where can I see it? 




 But we're in love with the IDEA of them. That counts right?
 




 My pick is Fortress (1986) the Australian horror film about a group of children and their teacher kidnapped for ransom. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfTkKaSZFyk

Upvote the movies you haven't seen, downvote the ones you have 




 I thought you were telling us that 'Suggestions   Requests' are the two things canadians can't live without.  




 A lot of people see Enemy of the State as the sequel to The Conversation.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Conversation#Enemy_of_the_State_connections 




 The original video is deeply disturbing. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOyDrycsS2g 




 Coburg is a great suburb but Pentridge Village is not great. It has a depressing vibe and isn't really near very much of interest. 

If you're on a budget, you could do better. 









 Shane Maloney's series is fantastic. The protagonist is a political fixer for the ALP at a state level during the Kennett years. http://shanemaloney.com/books.

The original Melbourne crime novel is The Mystery of The Hansom Cab. 

EDIT: What the hell I am doing? I have my own Melbourne crime novel, Chasing The Ace, coming out in July next year through Simon   Schuster.  http://trove.nla.gov.au/work/186497152?selectedversion=NBD52121192 




 There were concerns a few years back about the number of deaths at Melbourne Zoo but nothing came of it. 

http://www.worldzootoday.com/2008/10/19/call-for-melbourne-zoo-inquiry-as-animal-deaths-hit-486/ 




 Comedy, reddit style. 

http://tcmmoviemorlocks.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/krusty.jpg 




 Not enough cake on a cake pop! 




 I will defend tiny cakes to my dying day. 




 God yes. 




 Oh! And food trucks. 




 I refuse to wait in line at a restaurant. I don't care how good you think Mamasita is, I'm not going to stand in a stairway for an hour when I can get dumplings a couple of hundred metres away in minutes.  




 Snowtown 




 Life Is Beautiful  




 The most depressing piece of movie trivia is about the 14 year old girl from The Crow. 

 After the death of Brandon Lee on the set of The Crow, she had to return to the set in order to film the scene in which Eric Draven says "Sarah, I do care." with a body double in the character of Draven, but did not appear in another film until 2009 




 That's a long commute. 

To be honest, it was a charity raffle and I didn't really want any of the stuff in the basket that desperately. (except maybe the box of favourites) 




 I don't know, my wife would probably not be too keen on the idea... 




 nah, that's ok...i guess. 
 




 Woah! There was an ICE CREAM MAKER? Deals off, I'm coming to get it. :) 




 If you could provide us with a list of the wonderful crap in the basket, that would be great! 




 Or lazy :) 




 Thanks 




 Cool, is your real name Alannah Rose? 




 It's a raffle I entered full of random stuff. DVDs, Gardening supplies etc. I live in Preston and don't want to make the journey. 

EDIT 

Turns out the gift basket contained an ice Cream Maker, Two Nickelodeon DVDs, a man dvd boxset, a pack of screwdrivers, a portable gas bbq, a 30 metre hose, wooden blocks that spell HOME, a box of Favorites and two bottles of Wine. 


 









 Here in Australia we had thing happen. After 35 people were killed in a 1996 massacre, the conservative Prime Minister, immediately put a strict control on guns 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Port_Arthur_massacre_(Australia) 




 I'm not sure I understand the point of this film.

The conclusion the films seems to be the exact opposite of what actually happened.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/P._L._Travers#Disney_version


 




 I was going to post a link to some Danish Cookie pics I submitted last week but don't want to be accused of being a karma whore.

So here is a link to where 9GAG ripped them off instead.

http://9gag.com/gag/ab5gzBB 




 Independence Day 

The Americans have had a non functioning alien spaceship since the fifties. What if they were able to study the ship and use what the learnt as a basis for modern computing.

This would make it more believable that the two systems work in a similar enough way to connect the ships.

 




 Where can we hear him play? I hate to donate money and find out he is a terrible musician?

;)  




 So that's why this will never be made...

http://images.amcnetworks.com/ifc.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/patt-star-wars2.jpg 




 *He's so hot right now.  




 That's ok. I've never been to Legoland 




 Check out Meet The Feebles. One of Peter Jacksons first films 




 Australia here. I don't know why I wrote cookie. 




 That was the other part of the gift. I just had a daughter. Cookies for me. Book for her. 




 They do indeed fit. See my other comments on the subject. 




 They do, see other comments 




 Count the number of skulls.  




 You're right, they look really tiny too in that picture. 




 I'm a grown man on reddit. What did you expect? ;)

 




 http://imgur.com/SVm195z 




 I agree. I was a tiny bit disappointed she fill it with junk not sewing stuff.  




 Worse.

I ate all the cookies. 

:( 




 I would like to formally apologise to r/movies for starting this god awful depressing thread. May god have mercy on my soul. 




 
http://imgur.com/SVm195z 




 I ate that second layer of cookies in about two hours. And I regret nothing. 




 Sweet holy crap. Count the number of skulls on the black and white pencil in both shots you said lonely little man.

 




 Oh god. I regret asking the question... 




 I can't believe I just took a extra photograph of some pencils in a tin because some reddit douchebag lacks basic spatial awareness and geometrical education. 

http://imgur.com/SVm195z


 









 I read this today on the IMDB page of Rochelle Davis, the 14 year old girl who played Sarah in the The Crow. It broke my heart.

*After the death of Brandon Lee on the set of The Crow, she had to return to the set in order to film the scene in which Eric Draven says "Sarah, I do care." with a body double in the character of Draven, but did not appear in another film until 2009.* 




 One of my favourite films of all time.  




 Neil Hope, much like the character he played, lost his parents young and struggled with alcoholism after Degrassi. He died in 2007.

What's really sad it the general public didn't realise he had passed until last year. 
 









 I feel genuinely happy for that man. It probably made the mascot's day too. 




 Die Hard 4.0.

The computer nerd is play by Kevin Smith 




 My favourite review quote so far. 

"The Crocodile Dundee II of superhero films-in a good way!" - Slate

 




 I read that whole storyline when it first came out. I was 13 at the time and read it at my local newsagent/newstand after school. I'd finish school, go to the shop and read a couple of pages of the latest issue until the owner told me to get lost.

It was the first comic storyline I read from start to finish and has coloured all of my reading since. 
 




 I work as a writer and consultant on con artists and scams so this is somewhat my specialty subject. 

Most 'real world' pickpockets lack the delicate skill of pickpocket entertainers or 'honest' pickpockets. After all, some one like Apollo will steal the watch off your wrist even after he's told you that he is going to. 

Street pickpockets rely on crowds, heavy misdirection and teamwork to steal your belongings. Entertainers have to do it under a literal spotlight.

Bob Arno is also very good but, if you're looking for a teacher, Apollo can not be beat. 

You might enjoy this annotated video I made of the opening scene of The Pickpocket (1954)

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ighoD9vtpGQ 




 This is brilliant.  




 Hipsters aren't that bad! They're they ones who listen to all the new shitty music and find the good stuff so the rest of us don't have to! 

 




 Really not a fan of that film. The opening 10 minutes is an amazing piece of film making but the rest feels like a series of oscar baiting cameos and mindless patriotism.   




 There is nothing natural about riding a horse so hard that it breaks it's leg, something that happens regularly in the horse racing industry. 

There is employment in many, many terrible things in the world, that does not mean we should continue doing them.  




 The danger of running is that their leg snaps to the point of having to kill it where it lays

How is that not dangerous? Or cruel?

The horse racing industry know of the risk they are putting these animals into and they continue to do it.

 


 




 Bullshit! This activity puts horses into dangerous positions again and again and then kills them when they are injured.  




 Rucker's Hill baby! 




 New Favourite Phrase "Moonbats Crackers" 




 Shatter
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shatter_(digital_comic) 




 I can't believe I'm the first the post Patton Oswalt's franchise crossing Star Wars pitch.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOsKISBkIlQ 




 Wow! That's a rough year of movie going. 




 1. The Big Lebowski
2. The Big Lebowski
3. The Big Lebowski

That's an awesome film and 1998 was a shit year for movies  




 I used to live at the end of Eastment St. It was a hipster paradise  




 Anthony Hopkings on actors who stay in character between takes...

Its a pain in the ass. Who the hell wants to be with some miserable grump because he wants to get his performance right, so you have to call him this or call him that? 

"Its so boring. Ive been with actors like that and theyre a pain in the ass, they really are. Theyre unpleasant to work with and I dont think theyre always that good either."
 




 Fat Will Arnett!  




 Gladiator (1992) 
























