 My mom took me to see this in theaters.... when i was four years old. 




 death by stereo! 




 I'm going to have to check this out, it reminds me of Rad and Airborne. 




 I really like 16 candles, but I love Weird Science. Me and my by best friend are just like Gary and Wyatt. 




 Yeah i found that out about the "indian" guy in short circuit. At first I didn't think the movie was racist... til this scene http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=2rxlidAR3Fw#t=2s 




 Disney should make a proper sequel. Like 2000, but without pointless celebrity cameos. 




 which one overall do you favor most? As a kid I loved VI but now as a teen I love V 




 same here, got to love Corey Fieldman and Kurt Russell. 




 I have to agree, i watched it on vhs when i was 7 years old and it stills astonishes me with the music and visuals. 









 http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ls6yd1ndRI1qeo6bto1_250.gif 




 for some reason I love the stuck-up professors that only like things to be done traditionally. Basically the "antagonists" of Robin Williams movies (Dead Poets Society, Patch Adams). 









 There wouldn't be that many teenage girls. 




 everyone always criticizes FFX's voice acting but i think its good, most of the time. 




 For games i would say Final Fantasy 9, I was drawn in by the characters and story. Movie wise would be Big Trouble in Little China, because Jack Burton is awesome. A comic i recently read was Y the Last Man, and i have to say everyone should give it a read, its really that good. 









 My sister was talking to a friend about it, I asked what she was talking about and she told me to go to reddit. Life's never been the same. 




 We've all been through it. We've been interested in someone else but it's never clear whether those feelings are mutual. So I would like you to share some tales of confusion and/or frustration going after someone you liked. 




 Thanks for the article, more people should be aware of crimes like these. 









 Grim Adventures of billy and Mandy, courage the cowardly dog, and American dragon jake long. Man I miss those shows... 




 Limbo 




 Y:the last man. 60 great issues of pure amazing, if you haven't checked it out you're missing out big time. 




 "It". If you don't believe me watch Nostalgia critics review, it makes it hard to believe this stuff was scary. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFcC5xi2W1o 




 Mind-reading. I just imagine people who you think are friends just constantly hating on you in their thoughts.  




 I'll say Judge Doom from Who framed roger rabbit. Everytime his reveal scene after the steamroller was going to come up I would shut off the movie. 




 Everybody in "The Phantom Menace"
Blame George Lucas writing. 




 You got a point. But while we're on the subject I have to ask, what do you guys like about the original Star Trek? I'm not saying its bad but I was always a Picard guy.... 




 Big Trouble in little china. Gotta have my six demon bag 




 My mom always cooks something special like a Pot Roast 




 I kind of think it had more than a cult following, it seemed popular back in its day. But I was a kid back then so I don't really know. 




 When I was a sophomore in high school I met this Junior girl and it was going great. We were talking, laughing, I even got her phone number. But I noticed this red pimple looking thing on one of her breasts, and I pointed it out to her. Never heard from her again. 




 Damn, beat me to it 




 Jak and Daxter: The Precursor Legacy

I never get tired of the victory fanfare that plays when you get a power cell 
























 I once owned a dog that was smarter then you 




 side note it has some bad language, i don't know if that would make it NSFW so I'll just leave the post as it is. 









 The Adventures of the Taxi Dog and If You Give a Mouse a Cookie 









 Halo had a remake.... 




 Kingdom Hearts series. It may look kiddish but if you really get into it, you'll never be the same. 




 my dad gave me his old laptop he had lying around, the Google search bar was full of mother son porn. weird stuff. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1biedv/people_of_askreddit_what_are_some_questions_you/ 




 would it be too much to ask if you could send those people our way? 




 just don't forgot to upvote :) 




 man, i just remembered that 




 herbie... you poor bastard 




 a change I noticed was in Episode 2, when Obi-Wan is talking to Yoda. While they are talking Obi-Wan says he was trained by Yoda, but he was trained by Qui-gon. It's one of the ways I think George Lucas made it so you can ignore Phantom Menace. 




 I think we can add this to the list of terrifying N64-era enemies. Something about the graphics back then make things scarier than in games today, I think. 

Edit: I forgot Dark forces wasn't on N64, it was just in that generation of games. 




 i don't think it's that much of a spoiler, but you never know with some people. 




 it doesn't say its against the rules to ask questions and this question didn't pop-up in my search so I would like you to share how you discovered Star Wars, maybe with some interesting stories :) 




 sorry, my fault, just spur of the moment 









 but you'll always know...... 




 "I was frozen today!"-Suburban Commando http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nC8zz95rm8s 




 I never liked Lord of the Rings. Mostly because I don't like old medieval type settings, I love futuristic Sci-Fi.  




 Star Wars Jedi Knight. Mainly because I love Star Wars and I would like to attend the Jedi academy. 




 http://imgur.com/yqui2mR 




 http://i.imgur.com/Fnm4qMO.jpg 









 I always wanted to be Robin. I don't think I'd be able to fill Batman's role. 




 Characters from books, movies, tv shows, whatever! 




 care to elaborate? 




 you should tell your husband, "if you didn't look like my first crush, I wouldn't have given you a second thought." I kid I kid 




 what is the value of it? 














 "you're my density" 




 lol i wish. She didn't know anything about the movie apart from the title so she was surprised during the opening scene. This was the start of a childhood of R-rated movies full of nudity and swearing :) 
























