 That's hot. 









 What's the funny part? I'm not getting it. 




 I love that it's on clearance too... 




 It's probably vacuum sealed with pimento cheese. Pop the seal on that shit and you'll get sucked the fuck in! 




 Her vagina scares me. 









 *doe- a deer, a female deer. 




 I'm with you on this... All for a little bit of karma... Awww it's so cute!!! Yeah and will be dead in 3 days because some dumbass picked it up for a few upvotes. 




 She looks kinda freaked.  




 Exactly what I need for my oral fixation! 




 Neither can I!  




 Yup... Exactly... Crazy... 




 Where else are there still video stores? Haha! 




 Yes indeed! 









 Old school Rj. Nice! 




 See cool_bowties comment below. :) 




 OMG!!! He's talking about me! 




 You should lick it. 




 Linguine. 




 Everyone needs a little vajazzle in their life. 




 Thank you! She snapped both the radius and ulna. Had to have 3 surgeries to get it completely straightened out. 




 That's exactly what it reminded me of!!! 





























 Haha! I don't know! When I wiped off all the sauce, it stained his face that color. The camera makes it look more yellow than it actually is, it's really more orange. Wish I would've thought to take a pic BEFORE! He looked like he had a busted nose! 









 Indeed! A must see, must tag, if you're ever driving through! 









 What the hell is coming out of his crotch??? 




 I just found out I have a sister a year ago, I'm 32 and she's 28... I would NEVER refer to her as my half sister. 




 Bigwords.com is a comparison site. It lists all the sites that has that particular book in stock and how much they are selling it for or how much they are buying it back for, including half.com. It insures you are getting the best deal possible. 









 As someone who deals in the used textbook industry... There is a website called bigwords.com, it lists all the textbook cos and there prices for the books you need, new and used, as well as sell back prices. If you keep your books in good condition, you can sell back your books with free shipping for waaaay more than the local bookstore. There are also some sites that have stores near campus that you can print off your invoice and walk in to the store to get the online price or cash. It saddens me that most college students are unaware of this. 




 I love it when they do that!!! 









 I was actually on that exact ship in October. It was a real shit hole before it became an actual shit hole... 




 That was so sweet, it almost made me tear up... Almost... :) 




 Leonidas, thinking about how the hell to get that damn jacket off... 




 Weird. 




 this belongs in /r/wtf... because WTF????? 









 What's a writter? 




 All the time!!! 




 Oh he gets allllll the ladies... 









 Repost... 




 I wanna pull on it's tongue. 




 Why would I have to pay for a threesome? 




 Apparently they think they are just that awesome... 
























