 According to the employee handbook, I should add the following disclaimer: The postings on this site are my won and do not represent Barnes and Noble's positions, strategies, or opinions. 




 I think I've always had vague knowledge of the holocaust, like my parents probably gave me a toned down summary of it when I was maybe 6/7/8. In fourth grade I started reading tons of books on the holocaust, by fifth grade I had a lot of knowledge about it. Of course, everything that happened in the holocaust was horrifying and maybe not the best subject material for a grade schooler. But I think it was great when I started learning more about it because it's important thing to remember.

My parents are also paranoid about the state of antisemitism around the world and are prepared to move to Israel if things go to shit in the US. 




 I have been hearing this definition of racism all over tumblr, Twitter, etc, as well as people adding that minorities can't be racist but can be prejucided. I have no idea where these definitions of racism are coming from and frankly they seem made up to add on to the victim complex that many people have. I myself am liberal and a feminist and all that shit, but this stuff really infuriates me, especially since if you challenge it you're automatically labeled as a racist. 




 Id like advice from current/past cs majors at UT. I'm going this fall but I'd like to get a head start by learning some things on my own. What are some things you wish you had already known how to do, at least somewhat, before you got to UT so you'd have a head start? Or, what did you already know how to do that gave you a head start? Any advice is much appreciated! 
























 We get a 30% discount, but Amazon still sells their books cheaper. Amazon is my shit, but don't tell my manager. The 40% discount at the cafe is actually great tho. I started in October 2014, so I haven't been working here too long, and it's just a part-time job because I'm 18. 




 The weekdays are typically super slow, especially if you're back in the music/dvd section, where I usually work. Sometimes I'll have only like four or five customers within 4.5 hours. I don't even know why that section is even still open. The weekends get a little better. The B N I work at is part of an outdoor shopping complex and when there are special events at the complex we get a shit ton of customers, mostly annoying 13 year olds. 

At any time, our most requested books are ones that kids have to read for school like Macbeth, A Brave New World, Animal Farm, etc. This being Texas, bibles and American Sniper are really popular. 




 Are you as totally fucking psyched to finally leave high school as I am? 




 A couple week ago a young guy came in reeking of weed and pizza and asked if we had a Raising Farm Animals for Dummies book. We actually had something similar but he ended up just getting a magazine. 
























