 when you have a lot of apps opened do you feel any slowdown when switching spaces, minimizing windows ? 




 have you updated or restored to 8.4 ? 




 I wasn't trying to argue either, just sharing my point of view ;) you've said it all, nothing else to add 




 Everything we know about life it's based on our planet. To think beyond earth it's quite a challenge 




 we don't know, I believe, how big the universe truly is, so, we will never know for sure 




 jailbreak 8.4 instead .. it's all working, and tweaks will be released and updated to 8.4 not 8.3. Plus, you'll get the new music app which, if you don't give a damn about Apple Music, is rubbish
 




 have you refreshed the sources ? 




 mentalism here ahah 




 indeed, but they always have something to complain about. The jailbreak: "Oh, that's complicated to do, it's not always available, warranty, and so on". I love my iPhone jailbroken, i don't like the stock, it  have too many things to improve 




 I did not .. you're right my bad 




 electronics ? Wo why do pilots use iPads ? 




 it's sad that rain doesn't come in colors 




 it could be estimated. there's nobody in space counting, I guess 




 Exactly ! the problem is Apple don't give a damn about who don't use Apple Music 




 if he's running 8.4 and they work I guess they're compatible don't you think ? 




 that's the question for $1M 




 that's why the iPod is dead ahah 




 people that say android is more customizable than iOS must must watch this ! 




 ahah it might. 




 So, do you believe in Bin Laden's death ? 




 he was not an idiot after all ahah 




 yes, I know, but what I mean is there's a reason. 




 you will never get the full 16GB.. you might get 10 




 MxNitro hasn't come to OS X yet ! 




 if they are about the same price you have to decide whether the bigger screen/more power is better for you. 




 why the current year is 2015 and not some billion ? 




 yeah, but the world is huge so that's the way it is I guess ...
 




 40 devices ? Wow 




 notifications for a specific app you mean app badges ?  




 I know :) but the 2.5 and 2.8 he's refering are quad core i7 available in the 15'' rMBP 




 I used TaiG 2.2 but since there are newer versions you can try it. If it gets stuck you'll have to restore. 




 it doesn't get stuck. I updated my iPhone to 8.4 from 8.3 and it got stuck at 60%(injecting). I restored and dis it again and it worked flawlessly 




 yes, and it's true. But it seems that TaiG works better with restored systems. If you restore from backup after jailbreaking you just need to download the tweaks and their settings are all set 




 do you feel it drains faster ? 




 I updated from 8.3 to 8.4. It was stuck at 60%. I restored to 8.4 and it worked fine 




 7.0 ? Oh lord ! It's better to restore. I had issues jailbreaking 8.4 as I updated from 8.3. I restored
 and had no issues 




 Alkaline ? Why ? 




 the real difference is Apple Music, or the music app.. 




 people don't want to install packages manually. I jailbroke an iPad yesterday using TaiG 2.2 and updated cydia, substrate and the TaiG package through cydia 




 you don't feel safe without an antivirus ? 




 it's not terrible, it might be for your needs. if you don't use external monitors, external storage, and you need a laptop everyday it's a good machine. Of course you'll have to pay for it and that's the hard part I guess 




 what rMBP ? 




 the 2.5 and 2.8 are both i7 




 great video, hope Apple watches it 




 My question is, why having all of those buttons ... if you don't use Apple Music you only need My music.. and searching between albums and songs it's way different now  




 I think it's nice to have a new music app but this is entirely focused on Apple Music. They don't want a separated app so this is what we got  




 update now, no issues so far 




 I think it's safe but you have to double check what you are trying to install 




 It's the first time i see someone amazed with iTunes 




 I did a respring and it's working fine 
























 have you restored or updated to 8.4 ? 




 let's hope it won't be necessary 




 and what if they get out of control ?  




 No issues here, have you restored or updated to 8.4? 




 Just bring the old app back ! 




 Sure, I'm sitting watching tv and I'm sweating just like I was running  




 The problem is virus and bacteria will get stronger and will resist our medicines 




 Have in mind the Air have a slightly bigger footprint 
 




 if the size and weight aren't a worry get the retina, your eyes will thank me 




 you'll be probably disappointed in less than a year with the 4s .. the 5s is the sweet spot. if it's too much get the 5. you could get good deals on it 




 it's really to force people to use Apple Music 




 The thing is there's 5 button on the bottom but I only use one ! The paylist, albums are all mixed up 




 yes sure, if the're certified they're fine. There are even gold cables now ! 




 don't use 3rd party cables/chargers  




 that'd be heaven .. For those who don't use Apple Music the new music app is rubbish .. great album artwork though 




 there are people that have a carrer like that, but i imagine it's not that simple 




 you're not harming your device by jailbreaking .. all messages are saves via iTunes backup. wpa2 I'm not sure, i used an app but was back in iOS 6 I dont know if it's working in iOS 8 but it knew all default passwords for thomson, linksys, and many other brands 




 indeed ! I wouldn't imagine having a stock iPhone, it's really boring .. that's what android users say 




 CCSettings for sure ! the stock control center is rubbish, you can't put the toggles you actually need ! C'mon Apple  




 it might be harder but iOS 9 will be jailbroken. cross fingers 




 I don't believe in 4K video. They'll start with 16gb storage .. 
more ram maybe..
force touch please ! 




 dreamboard and bitesms for sure .. Reading all the comments feels like travelling back in time  




 if nothing works I guess your only alternative is to try again 




 did you updated or restored to 8.4 ?  




 8.4 for sure. You'll get the new music app, of course it's rubbish if you don't care about Apple Music but still os the latest version. I updated from 8.1 and I notice better battery 




 it's just $1.8 in India 




 * backup in iTunes
* you restore to 8.4
* jailbreak
* restore backup
* open cydia add repos
* install tweaks, themes, anything you want from cydia

all App Store apps will be added after you sync your device in iTunes 




 you just need to write down the repos. Restoring from backup will get your tweaks working, make sure they're compatible with 8.4 ! Add the repos to cydia and install tweaks, all settings will be set  




 it will bring back all the tweaks' settings, just need to reinstall them. 




 you can try but restoring is 100% sure it'd work 




 all jailbreaks I did with 8.4 being the only exception (I haven't tried) were made after OTA updates 




 Actually you can,  you'll have to edit a file inside the backup which says the version. 




 I guess they're worried about you lol 




 Google how to put the iPhone in recovery mode  




 I restored my iPad and it was "waiting for iPad" maybe 10 minutes and it continued and restored fine. you have to restore it 




 it's enabled by default. I was just asking. If you have it enabled it's weird 




 it can be disabled inside apps in the stock settings menu. Check if you have it activated 




 they seem shorter, but the global clocks have one more second to count I am right ? 




 how'd we find stuff on the web ? 




 Exactly  




 That's really a shower thought ahaha 




 What about being in a self driving car and receiving a handjob ? 




 It just shows the diversity of the world. You can be hated in one place and be an hero in another  




 We would think how many people exists on earth. Limited number of children and so on  




 thanks ! The dedicated graphics it's not for everyone.. It's expensive but it's a great machine !! 




 it works just fine 




 Yes ! It's nice to have a jailbreak for the latest major release before iOS 9 




 just follow the steps and you'll be fine  




 i did a jailbreak using iTunes 12.2, the latest version and TaiG 2.2.0 today 




 that's the problem. I had the same issue. Backup your device and restore it. Then apply TaiG. Finnaly, restore from backup. Just need to add all repos to cydia. All tweaks' settings are saved in the iTunes backup 
























