 Outside of pressurized storage, there have been a number of different research directions, including metal hydrides, porous materials, and different versions of chemical storage. The metal hydrides have seen more than a decade of intense research, and the challenges remain - one may be able to enable H2 uptake, but then the release kinetics are slow, or vice-versa, and they may be unstable over many cycles (and hence degrade).  Another area that has been interesting is that of metal organic frameworks, which the materials community called MOFs (pronounced 'mops', but with an 'f').  MOFs are synthetic porous structures that have enormous surface area, and most importantly, they can be tuned through synthetic chemistry to enable precise tailoring of characteristics.  They were shown early on (work of Omar Yaghi and others) to enable gas storage. Early concerns about stability of these structures to industrial conditions are being addressed by people like Jeff Long, and others.  

Yaghi Group:
(http://yaghi.berkeley.edu/bio.html)

Long Group:
(http://alchemy.cchem.berkeley.edu/home/)

Dichtel Group:
(http://dichtel.chem.cornell.edu)

I heard Jeff Long give a talk recently, and his results for industrial applications of MOFs (he was talking about CO2 storage and gas separation in that seminar) were very impressive - the stability was excellent at higher temps, in the presence of quite a nasty mix of effluent gases.  




 Storage, of course, is a huge issue.  For solar, the two big problems, of course, are clouds and the diurnal cycle of the earth (i.e., night!).  In addition, for mobile applications, storage is essential at all times. It is interesting to watch what is going on with respect to solar-powered water splitting (electrolysis of water) to generate hydrogen.  What I will call the "Dan Nocera/Nate Lewis" vision is one of cheap solar cells that generate electricity to split water into hydrogen and oxygen; the hydrogen can be stored in a tank under your lawn, under a park, village square, etc, and then fed back into inexpensive fuel cells to generate electricity on demand.  Some good overview links include: Nocera TEDx talk: (http://tedxtalks.ted.com/video/The-Sustainocene-era-of-perso-2), Lewis Lab: (http://nsl.caltech.edu/energy). 




 It sounds completely corny, but it's highly motivating to interact with such incredibly smart people every day - authors, reviewers, my fabulous students, our editors, and editors of other journals with whom I often work. I often feel worried that I will let them down, and so I try to use even 2 minutes of downtime to get something done.  2 minutes here, 5 minutes there, it all adds up.  People like Paul Weiss, Prashant Kamat, Kirk Schanze, Laura Kiessling, are all high flyers who are always smiling, and going going going - their attitude is infectious.  




 Hello Reddit! I am a Professor of Chemistry at the [University of Alberta and the National Institute for Nanotechnology in Canada](http://buriak.chem.ualberta.ca). I am also Editor-in-Chief of the journal, [Chemistry of Materials](http://pubs.acs.org/journal/cmatex), published by the American Chemical Society. The focus of my research group is the synthesis and characterization of nanomaterials and surfaces for applications in renewable energy, self-assembly for semiconductor-based electronics, and lots of other related directions.

Research in renewable energies is one of the fastest growing research areas in science, if not **the** fastest. Thousands of scientists worldwide are focusing their careers and working lives on developing the means for civilization to be powered by renewables. Seem like a dream?  Research that is ongoing both in universities and industry around the world is pushing hard to make renewables a widely-deployed reality.  

More solar energy hits the surface of terrestrial earth than all of humanity uses in a single year - we have a massive fusion reactor 'burning' in the sky, which represents the largest single source of energy humanity has at its disposal. The use of widespread solar energy has been stymied by a number of factors, including storage issues (due to intermittency caused by pesky clouds and the rotation of the earth), real or perceived higher costs of solar-derived electricity compared to fossil fuel-based generation, and general lack of understanding.

At our journal, Chemistry of Materials, we receive many manuscript submissions each year, more than half of which are related to applications in renewable energy, including solar energy capture and transformation into electricity and solar fuels, battery storage, chemical storage (i.e., hydrogen, and CO2 conversion to diesel), and others. People are working hard on designing and producing cheap and flexible solar cells that can be printed like newspapers, while others are envisioning batteries that use salt from the ocean as their electrolyte, amongst many remarkable ideas.

Please join me for a discussion about the materials being designed and produced today that are already being tested and applied, worldwide, for renewable energy generation and storage. Thank you!

**Hi - I have to go (day-job is calling), but I will try to answer all questions throughout the day. Please keep the questions coming! So interesting  Jillian** 
























 Now that is funny.  Those poor little fish, but we never really caught many, did we?  And no, but science was always what mattered.   




 There is a revolution going on in the materials/energy field that is taking place as a result of recent developments in computational methods.  Alan Asparu-Guzik's Clean Energy Project, which you mention, is incredibly interesting thanks to the power of distributed computing, but I should also mention materials genomics.  Kristin Persson and Gerbrand Ceder founded The Materials Project, which could revolutionize the search for materials. To quote the website directly: "Harnessing the power of supercomputing and state of the art electronic structure methods, the Materials Project provides open web-based access to computed information on known and predicted materials as well as powerful analysis tools to inspire and design novel materials."

https://www.materialsproject.org

This approach is really cool.  
 




 Hydrogen fuel, when pressurized, has the same energy density as liquid hydrocarbons.  H2 can be generated via solar-driven water splitting, and when H2 is burned (either directly, or via a fuel cell), it produces only H2O, which is carbon neutral.  Here are a few useful links:

The Sustainocene: era of personalized energy: Daniel Nocera at TEDxCaFoscariU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u92O8LSkezY

Keep an eye on this younger upstart in the solar fuels field (Curtis Berlinguette):
http://people.ucalgary.ca/~cberling/

And his company, Firewater Fuels:
http://www.fwfuel.com

A detailed chemistry-focused review by Nocera is this one:
Solar Energy Supply and Storage for the Legacy and Nonlegacy Worlds
http://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/cr100246c 




 Interesting question that depends upon geography and your local situation.  2/3 of the world is not linked to the grid (power grid), and thus the concept of 'personalized energy' is extremely compelling, in the sense that the way that cell phones have enabled leap-frogging of landlines in much of the world, personalized energy generation may be able to do the same thing.  Inexpensive energy generation that can power lights, store power throughout the day to run household items, etc, does not require ultrahigh efficiency solar cells.  A 5x6 m2 roof with moderate efficiency solar cells (10%) can power even an energy-hungry US/Canadian household on an annualized basis, so don't discount the importance of cheap, stationary energy generation that just sits there, generating power, even if it is not 'high efficiency'.  According to the UN, having a light source a night is a huge factor in keeping kids in school. 

For grid people, the answer is convoluted by price comparisons with fossil fuel electricity generation.  I strongly believe that we should be using solar energy as it is the single biggest energy source available to humanity, which has the added bonus of being carbon neutral (!), but the way our economy is structured at present, we will use the cheapest form of power.  So, I strongly support the idea of solar farms in deserts, factory rooftops, new house construction (much cheaper to install during construction as opposed to an after-fit); reality, however, dictates, that these farms need to be economical and cost competitive, which is a challenge without charging for CO2 emissions (i.e., a price on carbon emissions, which is essential).  
























