 100% agree 




 Has there ever been a player close to, equal to, or better than Lebron at making players around him better? JR's resurgence and emergence as a weapon on this team, I believe, is completely the Lebron effect. Like, him and Bron can go off together and just dominate a game as a duo. He does the same thing with Kyrie and did the same thing with Wade or Bosh. Even back to Mo Williams when he was an all star, that was all the Lebron duo effect. Takes a 33 win team to number one in vegas odds to win the chip the day he signs... single-handedly changes franchises. Just curious to see what you guys think! 




 well shit, id be itchin to come to cleveland now too that theyre relevant again 




 "basketball gods, am i gonna win this game?"
*bang*
"cool, cool" 




 http://imgur.com/lkRkgWl 




 Shaq 




 I just wanna see one with a Mortal Kombat finish at the end.  




 But most important, are you 12... or 13? 




 Very, *veeeeerry* important crack 




 And that sir, is why you are wrong.  




 Yeah, talking to him. That doesnt mean anything. He could have been recruiting for when he is a free agent. He does that with plenty of players 




 You're right... but, what if? maybe 7..... 




 This isnt a movie and i dont care. 
McConaughey in True Detective. Not a single soul could have done that the way he did it. perfectly done 




 yeah, science bitch 




 dude, dont bring that up. i have to live the rest of my life as a steelers fan saying "what if Tebow didnt torch us for an 80 yard TD bomb to win the game in OT?" 




 yeah that series was an anomaly. i was at game 4 and you could tell he wasnt in the right place. he honestly looked like he was playing a game he had never played before. but other than that series, all he has been in clutch. never understood this 




 KD was gettin up there for me this year just bc of his twitter crap and his "you can play me for it" shit about his all star bid. like, you didnt earn that, at least be grateful. but, i cant blame a guy whos had frustrating injuries like that after an MVP season. 

Westbrook will have to do 




 dude, come on. none of this is remotely accurate 




 OH MY GOD I KNOW. LIKE, THIS IS PROFESSIONAL BASKETBALL. ACT LIKE AN ADULT GOOD GOD 




 Who said he does...? 




 So Kyrie and Dion and old Varejao were his golden ticket? Come on man...  




 MJ had/has the same cult following. But, I agree about him getting away with offensive fouls sometimes. However, the dude gets hit in the face on drives all the time and never gets a call bc he isnt effected by it bc he's so big. I think him getting away with pushoffs and hooks is refs making up for missing him get hip checked in the air 




 Yeah, because that totally isn't classless at all and the exact same thing they did to Dirk..... 




 For real. Just get it all out, no need to hold back. We're all friends here 




 Screw Boozer. He's one of the most annoying players ever 




 Sounds on purpose 




 my heart likes it a whole lot 




 Im a white dude who lives in a city and i just pre ordered it. Is that good or bad? 




 How many are there for real? The commercials make it seem like there's a lot.  




 Reese wasnt in gone girl bruh 




 Welp. He's resting this game so I guess the back situation is more real than I thought 




 Hopefully he rests. Good time for him to grab some extra rest. Also, would love for Love to have just a giant game to get him back in the swing of things. We will need him come May 




 Even if Lebron isnt the MVP, he will get the MVP. after everything, it's the fairytale ending the league and the team and he wants 




 I like this one. Scariest teams are gonna be 5-8 




 youre telling me a Paul George, who hasnt played all season, is going to come back in the lineup and not kill their chemistry AND play like a star against the best player in the world? Cavs in 4, moving on.  




 Rockets dont get past first round. Warriors dont make it past the second round. Blazers and Spurs the dark horses to make it to the Finals. Cavs win finals in 5 games against whoever they play.  




 I don't even think it's that. it's how dangerous it is to have something that distracting on the road, right? i mean, it is a powerful message and all but dang, poorly placed.  




 10/10 would dump 




 Lilly even says smokes sandwiches. Like, come on 




 We would also destroy them one on one right now 




 Yes, all of this, but also what the hell was goin on with Mozgovs hands tonight? mighta been just me but it looked like he couldnt catch anything 




 He WILL be an MVP in the future. No question about it with that ball handling and finishing ability. Not to mention that 3 point stroke!! Damn 




 I think 3-9 against teams over .500 is the only argument you need 




 When in reality, he brought in over 150 mil to the Heat in 12-13 alone.  









 Dumbledore Mt. Everest  




 Vince, T-Mac, Marc 




 It would make for some playoff series with more fire and intensity. Nobody is gonna like gettin called out by the one seed. i like it 




 It's the "idea" of an escape tho that draws people to it 




 That's why. Earth sucks sometimes, so lets see how it is out there. It's an escape 




 Yeah OKC is like a +36 with him off the floor and -24 with him on past few games. Not MVP-like to me 




 hahaha bruh. hop outta here with that Teague stuff.  




 never works for me. stimulates my mind 




 Worst win percentage in the league without him in uniform. I think that speaks volumes 




 He's carrying them offensively, but they're better defensively with him off the floor. I also just dont see the league giving an MVP award to a (maybe) 8 seed.  




 http://bleacherreport.com/articles/2389832-the-case-for-lebron-james-to-win-nba-mvp-yet-again 




 Well that's disappointing. Let me fix it real quick 









 http://i.imgur.com/Kvff9bo.jpg 




 Cool story bro 




 haha youre old congrats. adult life! 




 When you heard that, you knew it was about to get real 




 Immediately in the MVP discussion if you do 




 We Takin Over was the jam 




 Always Drake. squad knows i got drake bars on lock 




 Fear, The Calm, Paris Morton Music 




 BRUH me too. this was that 8th grade basketball pre game hype track 




 yeah, i think he's the guy who can slay anybody on a song but just isnt as popular to the average fan.  




 exactly. drake changed the genre to an extent so saying he cant make a classic is near sighted. if his career ended today he would still be known as a complete game-changer with tons of bangers that everyone knows 




 Interstellar. Made me think deeply about things I had never thought about, question things i always thought were solid fact, and shed tears at how emotional it was. Something about him being the same age as his daughter and missing her entire life while only being gone, in his time, for a very short period. Awesome movie 




 Literally none of these work.  




 Incorrect, Blake Lovely goes first in all things always.  




 "He's a future hall of famer. there's no question."-Mark Jackson about literally anyone on the floor at any given time 




 I love that bang 




 past few games it feels like thats been our entire offense. pisses me off. run a play 




 yeah im just confused about the whole nonchalant nudity thing happenin here 




 Lebron deserves it over everyone. He's the best player on the planet. But, I'm 85% sure he won't get it regardless of how out of his mind he plays until the middle of june because people just want someone else to get it. Like DRose a few years ago. Yeah right 




 Neil Patrick Harris as The Riddler
Johnny Depp as a character like John Cusack played in Frozen Ground
Will Smith as a Bond villain somehow
Bryan Cranston as literally any character in anything because he's the best. But I wish he could have been Lex Luthor in this Batman v. Superman comin out. 
I would watch Matthew Mcconaughey be his True Detective character forever so if he played a guy like that but motivated by evil, I'd be down.  




 haha lebron is the most clutch player in the league. just look at the clutch-time stats. bleacher report did a story about the clutchest players in the league and it's not even close 




 Interstellar missing out is a disgrace.  




 http://i.imgur.com/iayLLZU.jpg 




 Doesn't matter. had sex 




 but seriously, who's mckenna? haha is she hot oorrrr.... 




 did he do that once the whole season? pisses me off. the signature things that made him who he is and made the show were things like that and his asides. felt like he barely had any. BUT, still loved it 




 Woah. This just put the whole season into perspective. Bravo 




 coulda sworn she was gonna kill herself. like 4 different times I thought "this is it. here it is" but no. slightly disappointed but also intrigued to see where they go next. that one lady claire talked to with the baby said that she (claire) should be president and Claire had a distinct "I'm intrigued" look on her face.  




 hahahahhahahahahahahahahah 




 obviously not if you're gettin it in. OOHHH BUURRRRNNNNN. 
 




 http://i.imgur.com/Eix7Erd.jpg 




 Hey everyone! We have an over compensator over here! WooHoo!! Probably wears Ed Hardy fake rhinestone shirts and drives a truck with a 79 inch lift because of his incessant need to feel like a real man in spite of his tiny penis!     




 http://i.imgur.com/Eix7Erd.jpg 




 Shrek is love. 










Shrek is life.  




 and forces some of the dumbest shots imaginable over 4 defenders in closing seconds trying to be a hero.  




 wouldve upvoted, but youre at 69. proceed 




 http://i.imgur.com/Eix7Erd.jpg 



















 If Barney transformed into the guy he is now after he found out his girlfriend from the coffee shop was cheating on him, how did him and his brother turn into the wingman duo they were in season 2? Barney said they were raised in the same home and had the same values and James getting married was him turning his back on them and him... So how does that work? 




 Do you guys remember that McDonalds (i think) promo thing they did with the kids meal toys where you got those little dinosaur lookin guys with a code, and you go online and type the code in and that animal you got becomes a part of your collection. and you have to feed them and take care of them and all that good stuff? Can someone remember the name? I cant for the life of me 


































 Under Pressure goes hard. Logic is gonna be big 




 Miles Teller is a great actor. I'm lookin forward to this movie 




 Yeah but he can make those regardless. Best player on the planet has to make difficult jumpers in the playoffs 




 What's wrong with Lebron's jumper? Dude just can't find it. Hope that shapes up as we head through the playoffs 




 it's a bad angle.  




 It makes me so sad. Like, you're huge. Get on the block, the actual block not this 18 feet away from the rim post ups, and jump hook the shit out of em.  




 Kyrie is the most unguardable player in the league off of pick and rolls. You go under, he splashes a 3. You go over, he's goin to the rack where he's the best finisher in the league. You hedge hard, he's splitting you for a 4 on 3 advantage where he is probably gonna get a bucket. Crazy 




 SO FINE UUUGGHHHHHH 




 its been bad 




 Except for his inability to jump through people and dunk the ball. He's got some weight lifting to do this off season 




 Our defense is just plain awful right now. I'm sad.  




 my point is no one is that consistent. regardless of the level of competition, no one has been that consistent for that long  




 To say it isn't impressive to never have a bad first round series in an entire career is insane.  




 All the "bc hes in the east, come to the west and see if that stays" crap is stupid. 5 years from now, the East is gonna have the 60+ win teams and 8 seeds that have 50+ wins and the west will have sub .500 teams in the playoffs. It flips back and forth, always has always will 




 Not impressive to never get bounced in the first round? You serious? 




 I think Kyrie Irving is going to be the most outstanding player in the league until the Finals start. There's just something about the way he plays that makes him seem like a guy who can really succeed in the all-eyes-on-you playoff stage and with that kind of intensity. Big game player.  




 fuck you, pay me 




 -Interstellar
-Ocean's 11
-The Dark Knight
-Hot Rod
-21 Jump Street
-22 Jump Street
-Pineapple Express
-Toy Story
-The Incredibles
-Monsters Inc.  




 I was just a youngblood when Phantom Menace came out so Pod racing was the shit, Darth Maul was the shit, Obi Wan was the coolest dude ever just catching that lightsaber mid-flip to slice him, Natalie Portman was (is still) the crush of all crushes, Mace Windu's purple sword was always the coolest, all the jedi comin out for a huge battle was the shit, yoda showin some skills was the shit, space battles were the shit, Annakin decapitating Dooku was the coolest ever, annakin slaughtering kids and turnin dark was terrifying and awesome bc the story was really connecting, epic Obi-Wan/Annakin fight was the shit. But again, I was just a youngblood  




 How much for the one with two different eye colors? serious question 




 This Bucks team is underrated. Just a team of hungry young guys. Total plausible upset 




 Oh I gotcha. I must have misread somewhere 




 Same here, but I still dont have that much hate for em.  




 Steal the Declaration of Independence.  




 Mike-Mill-Made-It 




 I know! ive never seen anything like that before and it just felt like it perfectly fit the song. well done 









 I think that was dope simply bc they had so much fun doin it. need a collab album 




 Groot Dammit 




 I want em to play Toronto just so we can see Drake hug it out with Lebron after his team gets beat 




 http://imgur.com/lkRkgWl 




 scratch my hatch 




 As is the case with CB, when you get twice the shots, you'll score points. That's not a very difficult concept to grasp 




 Don't tell me 14 pts a game from Wade on a bum knee is contributing. And I never questioned Bosh's pick and roll defense. I agree, he is excellent at that. Guarding big men, however, is another story. He got cooked by Roy Hibbert(!!!) 2 years in a row before *Udonis *Haslem was put on him and shut him down. And he couldn't guard Duncan, or Splitter for that matter, two years in a row. 

All of those things aside, when I say Lebron carried them, I'm not wrong. He led the team is scoring, rebounds, assists, and steals for nearly 4 full years. He was the best defender in the league, regardless of who got the award, for 2-3 of those years. so he had to guard the likes of DRose, KD, Tony Parker, Paul Pierce, Paul George, etc. all while leading the offense in every statistical category there is. Yes, DWade contributed at times and yes, CB helped spread the floor and in p r situations defensively, but outside of that, it was '09/'10 Cavaliers all over again. 

But, I greatly appreciate you actually contributing information and making a logical argument. Most people just throw aimless comments out there and hope they stick.  




 i disagree. i also think it's ridiculous to still be upset with him about that. that's the only questionable thing he has done since he was 17 years old. he is a stand-up guy who has always gone above and beyond for his community. and even when he was in Miami, you knew he always wanted to be back home. to not forgive him for essentially going off to college before realizing he was meant to stay home is just immature.   




 I would love to hear your reasoning instead of just a blind statement.  




 Uhh... he did. Just because he was getting, what, 22 and 10 before he had the lung issues doesn't mean he isn't past his prime. He was getting twice as many shots and was the unquestionable focus of the offense every time down the floor this season. You're bound to have better numbers when you get twice the shots. But prime Bosh? That was in 2011 when he would routinely get 30 and 15. When Lebron and Wade were out, he would drop 40+ and single-handedly win games. You won't see that from him again 




 He did. He doesn't score those easy points unless Lebron is on that team.  




 Prime Wade and Bosh left after 2011. Wade was hurt from '12 to now and Bosh became a jump shooter who couldnt defend 5's, which is what he had to play bc that team had no size. Lebron carried those teams and it's not even an argument.  




 wait so lebron isnt even in your top 5? _ 




 I just want a realistic spider-man. Like, why is he so witty and funny? Didn't Robin Williams say the funniest people are the ones hurting the most or something like that? Make Uncle Ben's death dark. The whole thing dark. Like The Dark Knight dark. I want him to resort to humor because he's depressed and fight crime to try to *AVENGE his uncle's death. I dont want the same old high school stuff we've seen. Reinvent it. Make it new. I want him to do bad things to criminals because he's so angry. I want dark humor at first until he realizes what he actually needs to do to with his ability. I want Captain America to be integrated somehow and sort of take him under his wing and show him how to be responsible with his abilities. I want Captain to tell him "With great power comes great responsibility," echoing what Uncle Ben told him previously, only this time it actually clicks. Finally, I want him to become an *Avenger. But only because he has earned it and struggled through the pain to become one.  




 hahaha oh my god 




 I read every comment in Archer's voice. It was awesome.  




 What if it turns into an Eminem/Rihanna Love the Way You Lie/Monster type of duo... Could be huge 




 - Jerry Maguire
- Oceans's Eleven
- The Dark Knight
- Interstellar
- A Few Good Men

In no particular order 




 That's not what I mean. Just the whole homecoming, fairy-tale kind of season it would be if they make it all the way and win. He'd be a hero and even if he didn't have the best series individually, he would get the award.  









 No matter who has the best series, Lebron will get the MVP. It's one of those storybook ending kinda things 




 I would! Currently on my phone though so the flash doesnt work. Definitely using that in the future though! 




 Not watching the game bc league pass is too damn expensive, but is lebron just not shooting well or is he missing easy shots or what? seeing him shoot 5 of 14 always makes me angry 




 I just feel like we all need some evidence as to how incredible dat ass is before we judge this man for his innocent compliment.... lol 




 and people be gettin mad at me sneezin 5 times in a row in class.  




 So, he DID take the suicide squad reading photo then.... clever 




 I was frozen solid in my seat watching that. Didn't move an inch. So incredibly mesmerized by all that scene took and how expertly executed it was.  




 A Time to Kill. come on, now 




 haha he was so awesome to me as that character. so believable. just crazy enough 




 yes. i understand what it is technically. all im saying is, in terms of quality, this is only a mixtape. hence the excitement for, what he calls, his album.  




 What im saying is, he didnt put the work/effort into this "mixtape" as he calls it as he will for his actual album. and i got screwed then bc mine said 14.99.  




 It was actually more than that, so your argument is invalid. And he literally said it was a mixtape. Only on sale to get out of his CM deal. Come on, keep up son 




 "Do you like my mixtape?" - Drake 




 Drizzy season and this aint even the album 




 All of Christopher Nolans films are on this list. Also, Disney is cleaning up 




 haha goatbrook. his triple doubles dont equal wins, boss 




 How many almost-triple-doubles has he had in his career? ive always been curious. so many games where hes one assist or one rebound or even one of both away from one. frustrating 




 if Akon was on the chorus, that chorus was my ringtone. We Takin Over, Im So Paid, Dont Matter, Soul Survivor.  




 still jam to that. titty boi til i die 




 but, can you throw it over your shoulder? 




 hahah ring back tones. those were the shit 




 I can see him resting em for the last game. Other than that, I think he'll play em. This year is just different with the playoff road ahead. Won't be as grueling in the East but also the pressure to win I think will effect Blatt's resting method. He'll want to maintain the rhythm and flow of the rotation going into that first round, imo 




 He's in my top 5 most hated players in the league. Dude has hated Lebron forever because he always gets stomped by him.  




 My favorite is "You sir, have a small penis" and then a detailed cartoon drawing of a man with a monocle looking down from above the urinal.  




 hahaha get tf outta here 




 i think they probably have a pretty good relationship. as much these kinds of stories suck, lebron knows better than anybody that stories like this are gonna happen regardless. i mean, he's known the dude since high school 




 the whole "spaghettified" thing is being debunked right now. Physicists arent sure if that is what would actually happen or not.  




 Id still give it to Aldridge just because he'll never get it again bc Davis is gonna run the league from here on out 




 "damn girl you fine... but that dress is bad"
"then take it off already"
O_o      this would be the dream haha 




 dudes were tryna hot box the ozone 




 that's terrifying af. im sad 




 I found it kind of funny that the plan to repopulate the earth was ironically called "Plan B" lol 




 well i can think about how 2+2=4 in the shower but that doesnt make it a showerthoughts worthy shower thought 




 Gulping
Chewing with their mouth open
Not using their blinker
 




 Aye B, I got your CD you get an E for eFfort 




 This isn't a shower thought though... Just a normal comment about something 




 No one has said Oranges yet and that's embarrassing. Oranges till I die  




 Kids is evolvin bruh 




 The child in the 4th pic is the only one actually prepared for the meeting. 
"Fellas, quit the chit chat. We have some things to accomplish here." 




 Oh okay. Thanks!  




 What is Dark Matter/Energy? I just watched an old Ted Talks from 2008 about it but I was just curious how much more we know now? 




 Yaayyyy:D 




 Boston wont make it. Toughest schedule in the league from here on out 




 can we like... be friends? 




 thats cool as shit. "inception: the musical" 




 hahaha. not laughing at your comment. flacciddick got me  




 Feel bad for Earl cuz the album is alright, but comin right after TPAB puts it in the shade 




 These are too elaborate. "I have boobs" works fine 




 Thanks. I guess CGI isn't the preferred route at this point for a movie like that? Whatever, as long as it has the quality and grand feeling that Interstellar had, i dont care how it's done 




 2001 Space Odyssey. I want Interstellar level CGI. That'd be sick 




 But..... da fuq? 




 Having fun is an underrated component to playing good ball. He's finally having fun and thriving 




 come on man. i hope that puts you on a predator list 




 shes feeling plenty of sounds as it is 




 Agreed! 
























