 Three minutes later and the kee kee would have a treat and bring it to your feet. It's hard to reward your cat for being a faithful provider when it comes to cute little animals. But such is nature. But I'm glad you saved the lil' guy. 




 Creepy yes. But I'm guessing rural area, deer bait, posed (Sweet ass creepy alien doll) and trail cam. I love this shiez! Upvote! 




 Wow! This brings back some fond memories.
Sat rite next to this one http://www.rubylane.com/item/756627-BWx20x7ex201610/1981-Scary-Stories-To-Tell 




 I love how street view is old timey.
 




 Anyone notice this guys hands are extremely large in accordance with his body size? He could choke a bitch!
 




 Bitcoin has to work! It's time to be truly free everybody. 




 Ha! This made me laugh.
 




 I am 31, our first isp was Prodigy. We had a 14.4 external dial up modem on our 64 mb hd, IBM 386 . When we first logged on I noticed there was a game button on the sweet 16 bit windows 3.1, 12" brilliant 32 color display CRT monitor. Where in the World is Carmen San Diego, the rest is history. Thanks for the memory... Prodigy, I'm getting all nostalgic. But I agree, Bitcoin is here to stay because it is the next big thing. Happy mining. 




 Its /r/wtf because "WTF!?! how did he do that!" 




 Looks like a painting. 




 Oh hellz yeah! I loved these things, and who remembers they didn't skimp on the Puddin'. They filled the whole delicious pie crust cavity with the mutagen ooze. 




 Good for you brother! Keep it up. 




 We hit 87.70 folks! I am the proud owner of some damn spending money in BTC now.
 




 Amen brother! 




 If you squint, it's an Orca Tie-fighter! 




 The audio for this clip is hilarious! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-ogs0EmMMk 




 Steve Slothscemi?
 




 Bruce Campbell? 




 Looks like a Vagina good sir, hence the "Kinda" in NSFW. But thanks for putting me in my place. 




 5th painting is really cool, I dig that Sharon Osbourne wears Converse.
 




 I myself was introduced by a friend very early on about Bitcoin, back when you could mine one BTC in a pool every 2-4 days, unfortunately for me I stopped at 9.35 BTC about 2 years ago. I have updated my wallet and am now worth 437 US dollars :) I will sit on them for some time and watch my 12 dollars spent in electricity grow. 




 Yes, I have done this between 3 different PC's. Or you can find your wallet.dat file and drop it in several thumb drives like I do just to be safe. But I have a few more Bitcoins. Happy Mining :) 




 So I guess her name is "Philipina" ...clap..clap...... Ok I'll leave :/ 




 I mined Bitcoin late 2010 early 2011, I got up to 9.35 BTC then stopped :/. I recently heard a bunch of stuff about it and Found out I have 456 US dollars worth. I'm going to sit on them for awhile, I hear good things. 









 Will Smith's older brother....... Maybe.......
 




 A little like this :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVRPpJQjwMg 




 This is a BadAss picture bro :) it kinda has a Maurice Sendak, author of "Where the Wild Things Are" feel to it. Good Job! 




 Ha, Family Guy!
 









 Am I the only one who read this with Will Ferrell's voice in my head? 









 KILL IT WITH FIRE!!! 




 Yeah, I see the little guy next to the bench on the lower left of the screen, looking at the camera.
 




 Its Sylvester Stallone. 




 I got him when I was 12, I will miss him very much :( 









 BOOBS :) 




 ET phone home. 




 Happened to me... It stinks, but the only way to get all the plastic off is to turn it on high until it stops smoking :/  (Box fan in kitchen window)
 




 I got one a month or so ago... 1 word (Eeeewwww!) 





























 So this is only effecting the Dwolla us money transfer correct? 




 They are making Nickelodeon Gak! Good Memories. 




 Awe! That's so cute. You just kinda wanna pick him up and put him in your pocket. 




 If its real silver you might have a couple hundred bucks. A nice investment if it was a sleep purchase. 




 Ha, clever. 




 Looks like a bugina! 




 It's cute, you got a lil' skin tomato growing out of you. 




 Fuck that! Dirty, creepy, submerged dolls can can go fuck themselves! 




 Maybe an NSFW tag, there's a-holes out there that will complain. (UPVOTED) 




 More like a, "High on pot pie" 




 Yellow beak, happy now? [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/NqHJspD) 




 Necrotizing Fasciitis, https://www.google.com/search?q=Necrotizing+Fasciitis oe=utf-8 aq=t rls=org.mozilla:en-US:official client=firefox-a um=1 ie=UTF-8 hl=en tbm=isch source=og sa=N tab=wi ei=yKB_UcyAGeTsiwKfsIG4Ag biw=1680 bih=885 sei=yqB_Uav6OOWXiQLW_YGIDw#imgrc=_  See. 




 I'm thinking maybe in the location where this bus is, a rear emergency exit is required by law. These buses aren't cheap so maybe, perhaps, this is cheaper than buying one with exits already installed.  




 Yum! Enough of these and you would be a Fatayass. 




 They are the same chick! (Hands in pockets, head down. Walks away) 




 I forgive you. 




 Looks a little like Hugh Grant. 




 Like any /r/Bitcoin anyone will tell you, If it's going to make you have to move back in to mom and dads if it crashes, don't do it. But if you live at home or have the extra money? Go for it! The latest DDOS attacks and the lack in value drop tell you a little something about the resilience and sheer Spartanism that is Bitcoin. 




 [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/CpArP7K) 




 Fixed. [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/CpArP7K) 




    There are no cats in America! And the streets are paved with Cheese!   




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BD0ivRR48Mk 




 I like the huge transactions are, well, Huger? is that a word, I dunno. Just watched a 2000 BTC float by, 238,000 USD at current price. Crazy shits! 




 Pugwenbat... That is all.
 




 This is good, You are a very good artist. Do not think bad of yourself, anyone who can create beauty from sadness is worth a damn. 




 I personally think the curly cue pube stuck on the end of the cap is a nice touch. 




 I work in a frozen foods warehouse and we sell these. I giggled the first time I saw them. 









 ... Day before the crash...... I am le depressed :( 




 I don't know why this doesn't have more up votes, this is funny as Hell! 




 Its all verified folks. I know, I'm secretly Chuck Norris! 




 No! White glasses are for douche bag hipsters! 




 MARKLAR! 




 Dang, You can only get scones here. Crumpets sound delicious!  




 I have le work tomorrow so I have to got to bed. It would be nice to see another 40$ jump. 




 We need the price to go up another 40 bucks! 




 When I worked at Safeway 15 years ago or so, we would have employee parties and there would be way to much food, I'm talking in excess of 5 time to much. Instead of sending leftovers home with employees, or better yet, donating to a local charities. They had us (Courtesy clerks) throw all the food into the trash compactor. I asked my GM why they didn't donate the food or send it home with the employees and he said "If we send it home with you guys that's stealing, If we donate it we make less than writing it off as a loss." Fucked up as far as I am concerned. There's homeless people rite outside of where I worked.... GIVE IT TO THEM DOUCHES! 




 Maybe post /r/atheist ? That circle jerk will get you mui Karma. 




 Dammit buttsophagus, every time I think I get something first.... 




 I am into Bitcoin because I have been poor, don't like it, got a good job, got laid off, couldn't find another one, searched for an equivalent (Or one that paid more than unemployment) and didn't find one. Got re-hired and wish i had been mining for the last 2 1/2 years because I would be able to buy a house now. Hind sight is a bitch! 




 That. Or they are a big "Player" in the game and wanted to spread the word and/or wealth. Just a thought. 




 That's 26k US current BTC price.... I would just die, be dead, kilt myself even. Poor guy. 
























