 Probably a mistake when answering. 




 Leaving them around can be demoralizing sometimes. I had a friend who'd leave copies of a political magazine around his campus, putting them in the library, coffee shops, so on, and they never got touched in his months of work. They were always visible too.  




 I had my height marked as 5'10 for a while because that's what my tailor told me I was. Met up with a girl who was also 5'10, found myself being three inches shorter. The more you know. 




 She's not? Oh. 




 Yes, so I can gauge their personality and see what we have in common. 




 It doesn't? shit. 




 I hope not. Where else can I validate my existence? :ccc 




 Your main is a little weak. It's fuzzy, not very clear.

Also, use "I" a lot less when starting your sentences so there's better flow.

I've never dated but I guess everyone starts somewhere.

Don't mention that.

Your "six things" are generic, try being a little more unique to catch someone's attention.

"I don't get along well with my parents."

If you're going to mention the above, try and spin it in a positive way. Ex:I don't get along well with my parents because they're not on my level.

You require your match to have a good sense of humor, but I'm not getting a lot of laughter from your profile. 




 Add a link to your profile 




 I care to an extent. I'd like to have a partner who I relate to with the type of work I do (non-profit). At the very least, I'd like a partner who feels like they're contributing to their community, however they see fit. 




 If you have a smart phone, do some self timer shots. That's what I've done, and it works out rather well. 




 Like your main! Good choice.

Attempting to get that one figured out right now.

So is every other millennial. Not really necessary.

Otherwise, not bad, but I'd some more activities in there with what you do in your free time (and try and make them exciting). 




 Everything feels very bland. You opener doesn't really say anything special to catch my attention. What's to separate you from other students at UW? 

I can be active but as far as that goes at the moment is running on the treadmill

This is an awkward sentence.

I tend to be more active during the daytime.

Doing what? Expand.

I'd use the dog photo as your main as well. 




 Most of my visitors tend to be male too, as I'm also listed as bi. For some reason I thought I'd get high quality message from guys on occasion, but that's yet to really happen. All of them have been low quality.

 




 Your "What I'm Doing" sections feels a little boring. There's some interesting stuff there that could be spiced up a bit. 

Otherwise, not bad, and I like your main. 




 Nothing terrible. I'd say your personality sticks out well. Though I'm not much a fan of the main, since shirtless picks can be a turnoff to a lot of people (even though you're not showing a lot off, I could see it bothering some girls). Like most of your other pics though! 




 I did! It looks pretty cool. Seems it has a lot of community support.

But you're right, it's not revolutionary. But that doesn't mean what an NGO does, like your parent's one, isn't doing anything "useful". Until any revolution comes, it's the duty of the able and the willing to be as helpful towards the poor. Until then, any aid to the poor is useful, needed, and totally appropriate.. 




 I disagree. Helping individuals is always useful. I work for an NGO which helps the homeless, and we manage to put clients in housing, help them find employment, and get the benefits they're entitled to. We're a "but, for" program, meaning "but for us, these people would be homeless", and typically that's very true, as we serve a rural area which is lacking in resources.

Now, are we revolutionizing the world around us? Are we changing things for an entire area? No. But we're contributing to the lives of the poor, and building their lives up. Sure, I could say that it's not useful to help people on individual basis, and I could say lifting these people off the streets isn't useful either, but that'd be a total lie because it's useful *to them*. 

You want to aid the working class? Work with what you got right now until something else comes along (or until you change something), because the lives of the poor (homeless, slaves, so on) matter, each and every one. If you can't care for the individual, why care for the working class at all? If you can't put enough effort or care enough to aid those in poverty *right now* by any means necessary, regardless of what system is in place, then how can you ever help them?

Awareness raised in the consumers of first-world media does nothing.

Not all the time. Check out what happened to the CEO of Firefox when it was revealed (even though it had been public since 2008) that he donated to keep gay marriage from becoming legal in California with Prop 8. Once consumers found out, he was ousted from his job because he didn't reflect the values of his consumers. World changing? No. A strong message? Yes. 




 At the very least, consumer activism brings awareness to those outside of the anarchist movement, and boycotts are more easily sold upon the general public. By doing campaigns which are inclusive of nearly every ideology, you're able to bring non-profits and human rights groups to the table, who are much more active and influential when it comes to these sort of things (and so far I don't see any anarchist groups doing what you're suggesting).
 




 The DMing was a bit much. I could see how that could be totally creepy to someone. Inappropriate. 

You never know why people stop talking to you, but a lot of the time it has nothing to do with you personally. 




 I like your main, but as someone else wrote, nothing stands out. I don't get much of anything that makes you seem unique.

You could definitely make your TV job seem a bit more exciting. 




 The secret message no one seems to have gotten :cccc 




 Hi! I'm looking for an apartment/trailer/whatever or roommate deal in either Rock Springs or Green River. I'm able to sign up to a 6-mo lease, and at most can afford $500/mo total for Green River, or $450/mo total for Rock Springs (so I can have some extra gas money for my commute to Green River).

I've already called every listing I found in the classifieds for the local papers, so if you know an open place not listed there, shoot me a line. Thanks! 




 Whoa. I saw that speaker at a FEE conference and SFL Regional Conference. So weird seeing him on a LL video.

Thanks for sharing. 




 Well you see, since the Koch Bros donate to SFL, there's got to be shady business, right?

But more seriously, people think *way* too highly of SFL and YAL. They expect there to be some sort of conspiracy, where we're all getting told how to manipulate the beliefs of ignorant college kids.  




 Sure! It'd be my pleasure. 




 We never got any propaganda. You can see more or less what we learned here: http://studentsforliberty.org/webinar-program/list/

Our training and guidance was less about ideology, and more about organisation, handling funds, networking, etc. 




 That's awesome. I was probably going to do the same thing, but left to pursue different work. 

ISFLC was still one of my best experiences. Seeing Jeffery Tucker plastered at a bar was amazing. 




 Whoa, so weird seeing another ex-SFLer here! What level of executive? Like, regional director? I was a campus coordinator.  




 Not helping directly, but there's a lot of discussion on how the state meddles with those only trying to help: 

http://www.reddit.com/r/Anarcho_Capitalism/search?q=homeless restrict_sr=on sort=relevance t=all 




 Just remember that atheists are still human, and humans are prone to bias, emotions, and mistakes. Not believing in a deity does not remove one of bigotry or hate. 




 I had totally forgotten about that. What an amazing putdown.  




 My parents sent me a care package, with two cans of clam chowder inside. I've never been so happy. 




 All these low gas prices are making me jealous. It's $2.75 for here in Central Wyoming. I thought it'd be cheaper here, cuz y'know, we can't all those oil fields. 




 I talked with a kid once who's parents were atheists, and they kicked his brother out when he turned to Islam. Don't know the full story though.

Beyond that, I'm sure this happens from time to time. 




 I suspect this is partially because they have basically no real-life organization or power.

They are organized on the academic level in the US. Students For Liberty, Young Americans for Liberty, the Mises Institute, Cato all have AnCaps within them.

But more so, I worked with AnCaps with Students For Liberty, and I found everyone to be pretty normal 20 something year olds. Can't imagine any of them wanting to hurt anything more than a fly. 




 All lives do matter, however, there are times where we need to have specific conversations about specific things. Your friend is shifting the conversation away from narrow, to general. This makes it harder to have workable dialogues for certain marginalized groups. And be mindful that the solving of LGBT and black issues will take different kind of work, as both come from different contexts. LGBT folk, for example, can hide the fact that they are gay, and so are able to avoid profiling form police, while black people lack the ability to change their skin tone, and so are more easily profiled and harassed by law enforcement. 




 And THAT is why I moved to Wyo. 




 Voluntarists certainly do have an understanding of that argument, they just disagree with it. 




  Even if I could find some common ground with a fascist or a nazi there is no way I would ally myself with them.

What if an AnCap offered you the chance to help the poor, to, say, help feed the homeless? In such an instance, what matters more; your beliefs, or the struggles of those who suffer worse than almost all of us? 

When you say "side with" these groups, what exactly do you mean? Do you mean if some sort of anarchist commune was to start up, AnCaps would be excluded, or do you mean that if AnCaps held a rally against war, you'd refuse to participate? If it's the former, then I understand, but I don't understand the latter. 

I myself will work with anyone who offers me a way to aid the poor. Ideology matters less than the horrible conditions our fellow human beings are living under. A poor man doesn't care who feeds him, just only that he is fed. 




 I work with a homeless program, and a lot of our clients hitchhike from place to place, and eventually wind up with us. 

One guy got kicked out of his mother-in-laws, and had to take himself, his wife, and his 3 young kids from Billings, Montana to central Wyoming.  




 1) Mobile apps for Reddit, like Alienblue, allow upvoting and downvoting, regardless of what the subreddit has for rules. 

2) There is an option to turn off "subreddit style" which allows for upvoting and downvoting

3) In RES, there are keyboard shortcuts for downvoting, which circumvent not being able to see them.  




 YouTube has the [Oxford Debates](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=oxford+debates page= utm_source=opensearch), and often think tanks will host debates. Also, there's [Question Time](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=question++time) in the UK, where policy is discussed a lot. 




 Hi all! 

I moved to a different state for my service, and am thinking about transferring to one of the local four year colleges after I finish. Since I would have been here for more than a year by the time I would start taking classes, I should qualify for in-state tuition, but I'm not really sure. I know every school has different requirements, but does anyone else have experience qualifying for in-state tuition in a new state after their year of service?  









 I've found a few links and lesson plans via Google, but want to know what others have specifically used to aide them in their teaching of First Day School. This month I'll be teaching for the first time as my Meeting opens up a new First Day School to accommodate new and interested members.   









 Whether it's entire nations or small towns, are there any trends in spotting the causes of secession? Does a certain part of the population tend to be in a certain situation (extreme poverty, lack of good food, lack of political power, etc.)? Could we name similarities between, say, the push for Scottish independence, and the breaking up of Sudan, or is each secession (or the attempt of) unique?  




 Hello /r/wyoming!

I work with the Supportive Services for Veteran Families (SSVF), a division of the [Southwest Wyoming Recovery Access Program](http://www.swwrap.com). Our SSVF program helps homeless or at risk veterans and their families find sustainable housing by providing rental assistance, case management, and connecting the vet and their family to needed resources (food stamps, employment services, etc). We have offices throughout the state, and are expanding our locations in due time.

We are currently looking for partners to work with us in eliminating homelessness within our veteran communities. If you're unaware, 2015 is the year that veteran homelessness should end, as pushed by both the VA and Governor Meed.

Our partners would sign agreements (MOUs) with us to help refer homeless or at risk veterans and their families to our program so we can case manage and help them transition out of poverty (or the danger of). These partners can be municipalities, non-profits, for-profit businesses, or government programs. We're also really interested in developing agreements with landlords who are willing to house our clients (again, we do provide rental assistance, but we work to make sure the vet is able to live off on their own without our assistance by case managing their situation.

If you're at all interested in helping out and want to learn more, shoot me a PM or email at dmorris@swwrap.com, and do the same if you know a veteran who is homeless or is in danger of being homeless. We are interested in working with just about any entity, anywhere in the state of Wyoming.

Here's a [brief article](http://www.wyomingnews.com/articles/2014/01/06/news/20local_01-06-14.txt#.VJiriWvDUA) about our program by Wyoming Tribune Eagle.

Thank you, and happy holidays!

-Dan 




 News broke today that the US and Cuba will attempt to resume diplomatic relations, breaking a cold relationship between the two governments that has lasted several decades. Does this affect 2016 at all? Could the issue of Cuba play a large role in who becomes the next president? Or will it be a side issue, as more important matters take center stage during the debates? How do you imagine certain possible candidates responding to all of this, if they were a part of the debates?

http://www.nytimes.com/2014/12/18/world/americas/us-cuba-relations.html?_r=0 














 His account hasn't been active in the longest of times. Where'd he go? 
























 Hi! I'm Dan, and I'm the most optimistic motherfucker you'll ever meet. In fact, it'll probably annoy the shit out of you half the time, but that just means you've got to try and up the anti to match my enthusiasm for everything. 

Face and junk (on the right):  http://i.imgur.com/bmDh1Ya.jpg

I'm moving to Wyoming from Massachusetts soon. Wyoming, if you didn't know, lies in the middle of nowhere. Why am I moving there? I felt a little lost after a stint with college, and so I've joined Americorps to help homeless veterans get off the street, and give them a roof over their heads. I like helping people, and I volunteer often (mostly as a tutor). Like every 20 year old, I have no idea what I want to do, but I'm hoping it'll be something positive and impacting. The most rewarding feeling I get is giving my all for the betterment of someone else. 

I get involved politics a lot, too. While I'm not grounded in all of my beliefs, I think it's important to be be a part of democracy. I'll knock on doors, hammer phones, or throw leaflets in people's faces for a cause I think is worth fighting for. 

When I'm not being helpful to others, I'm playing civilization 5 (and losing), trying to get better at my shitty Chinese, reading the news, having arguments with strangers on the intertewbs (and losing), going around into the wilderness, or cooking myself food (and failing). 

I'm an unemployment...I mean history major. Get me drunk, and I'll rant about US-Sino relations. Trust me, it'll be worth it. And on occasion I play dress up with my local freemasonry lodge, usually donning an old hat, sword, apron, and a pair of 18th century pants and shirt.  Like this: http://i.imgur.com/HqaveQ5.jpg

I mostly listen to chill music, chip tunes, alt-rock or alt-pop. Movies are sci-fi or thrillers. TV: 30 Rock, Parks and Rec, Lillyhammer, House of Cards, ST:TNG, The West Wing, X-Files, lots of animation (Bobs Burgers, Adventure Time, etc). And for reading: Phillip K Dick, history, law, public policy, and some Chinese novels which I struggle to understand.

I'm looking for friends, IRL or otherwise (no preference) to be silly with. I'm rarely serious unless prompted to be so. Typing, camming or using mics are all okay to me! Skype is my main mode of communication. I need someone who I can talk with pretty frequently, though. I'll be living far away from any meaningful civilization (it *is* Wyoming), so I may need the company! 

Oh, and please be talkative. I can talk a lot, and need some sort of counter balance so I don't overload and explode. 

Looking forward to our new immature friendship. 














 I'll be living in Wyoming soon, which has a population of 500,000 or so. I've noticed that not a lot of people from WY seem to use OKC (Craigslist is more popular), but those in the lower states (CO   UT) use OKC a lot more. I might be willing to travel that far for a date or two, but that seems kind of costly. Even if I do visit those states and find someone, would it be worth it? Are LDRs common for this part of the country? Is this how dating out here works for the younger crowd? Does it look desperate to be willing to drive 5+ hours for a date?

If anyone else has had experience using OKC in low populated areas, I'd appreciate your input!  




 I'll be starting my VISTA program next month, and I've had so many questions before my PSO. My supervisor has been absolutely wonderful in accommodating all my inquiries, talking to me whenever that's needed. What's more, I'll be arriving at my project site on Thanksgiving, and she's offered to take the day off to welcome me to the area. 

With all the negative posts here, I thought it'd be good to share something positive. I can tell that she's working hard to make sure all the VISTAs in her state transition well to their new jobs. 

So thanks Tammy! You've helped me be more calm about this huge change in my life.  




 In English it's easy to show stuttering by repeating letters (ex: "H-hello, how are y-you?"). How do you do this in Chinese. Can you? 




 Back when I was attending middle school 6-7 years ago, "Mousey" became a celebrity with all my friends. He roamed down in the harbor smoking and talking to people. I never met him, but I heard a lot of stories. He may have been the only homeless man in all of Scituate at the time. 

I'm pretty sure he's since passed (I may have seen an obituary for him in the Scituate Mariner), but I don't know for certain. Does anyone know what happened to him? 




 Constantly we see posters being called out for fake stories in various subs, and we even have /r/quityourbullshit and /r/thathappened, which amongst other things, tackle posters lying about an event happening to them. 

I can see why people would be upset at someone lying about their credentials ("As a lawyer/doctor/teacher...") as that could provide false information about a profession, or lying about factual things ("America is the smallest country in the world") but if someone lies about an encounter they had with someone or something, why does it matter if the story is false, if everyone seems to enjoy what they read?  









 As students head back to the classroom, those that are interested in activism have a lot of choices. Most of these groups are American, so feel free to add any other groups that are elsewhere in the world. 

**Students For Liberty (SFL)** - A worldwide nonprofit dedicated to building a network of student libertarians of all flavors, from moderates to AnCaps. SFL gives out free books to student groups, sells activism kits (stickers, banners, etc), and probably most important, runs several worldwide conferences in the US, Europe and as of last year, Africa! These conferences can attract more than 100 students interested in the academic side of libertarian politics, with focuses on history, economics, and philosophy. These are a great place to meet fellow students who can work with on activism projects. 

Do note that SFL does not have official clubs. You are free to start a "Students For Liberty at Big University" club, but your club will receive no special attention. All clubs registered in the SFL network are treated the same. Any club that is liberty-oriented is free to join the SFL network which can provide books, event invitations, and other things. Your club will also appear on SFL's website, giving you free publicity to students looking for fellow activists. 

**Young Americans For Liberty (YAL)** - YAL is similar to SFL in its goal, but is American centric and is in the business of establishing registered chapters around the country. YAL runs a very structured system with club presidents and state chairs who help organize events and other things. YAL club members must pay membership dues, but are rewarded with club funding and activism kits. 

YAL also runs state conventions, which are similar to SFL's regional conferences in their purpose of education and bringing students together. 

**Liberty in North Korea (LiNK)** - Many libertarian clubs around the country partner with LiNK to host events in which LiNK volunteers talk about the history of North Korea and the hardships of the North Korean people. LiNK runs a modern "Underground Railroad" smuggling North Korean defectors out of China once they cross the NK-Chinese border. LiNK then sends these defectors to south east Asia where they are safe from repatriation by Chinese authorities. From there, the defectors are placed in safe havens either in South Korea or the US, where they begin their new, free lives. 

LiNK will host an event discussing all of this on your campus. You may be required to pay an event hosting fee (which helps with their funding). 

Something cool LiNK talks about is the underground trading systems which run all across the DPRK where residents buy banned goods, like movies, books, and music. LiNK happily refers to this as what it truly is: capitalism. 

**Students For a Sensible Drug Policy (SSDP)** - This group runs several chapters around the US where students engage in activism that educates their fellow youth about the harms of the War on Drugs. SSDP advocates for the end of prohibition against marijuana and for sensible laws to apply to the drug. Some SSDP chapters will invite speakers to their campus. 

**Leadership Institute (LI)** - If you're looking for activism grants, look no further! LI will grant American student groups money for activism related projects. Tread carefully, however, as LI has a less of a libertarian slant, and more of conservative slant (similar to the GOP). There are plenty of both camps working in LI, but if you plan on asking them for money, make sure your project isn't too controversial for your typical conservative. For example, they may not fund something directly related to AnCap, but may fund something about the harm of Obamacare, or NSA spying. 

LI runs a handful of physical student training seminars across the country, and also hosts online training seminars for activist training. 

**Foundation for Individual Rights in Education (FIRE)** - FIRE defends the rights of American high school and college students, primarily focusing on the right to free speech in an academic environment. FIRE has an online database of colleges which have problematic rules in their guidebooks which may restrict your first amendment rights. If your school has a "red light" policy (clearly unconstitutional), they will write a legal memo to your school, and put pressure on them to change their rules so the fit constitutional standards, as defined by the Supreme Court.

If you believe your rights have been violated, contact FIRE immediately and they will assist you. If your school isn't in their database, ask them to investigate and they will look into it for you. 

FIRE runs a yearly conference over the summer, and has speakers available for you to invite. They have publications on their website which inform you of your rights as a college/high school student. 

**Federalist Society** - Operating at law schools only, the Federalist Society is full of conservative, moderate, and libertarian law students. They host speakers, form clubs, and hold debates to educate students from the right side of the spectrum in application to American law. 

-,-,-

Feel free to add others! I'll put them on the list. I'm fairly familiar with all of these groups, so AMA (I served as a campus coordinator with SFL for one year).  









 I'm applying for a program I really want to get into, but neither of my references have filled out their forms yet. The deadline for applying is Monday. I did call and leave a message for the volunteer coordinator, but I'm curious as to if deadline extensions are common or even allowed. 




 Are Africans of a given country now seeing China more positively, negatively, or have their attitudes towards China stayed the same since China began becoming more economically involved with the continent?  



















 Someone told me that the tobacco purchasing age went up to 21 today, but I did some searching and last month the town board of health apparently voted to keep it at 18, so I'm a little confused.  




 The other day I was driving home from Pennsylvania to Massachusetts after attending a conference. On my way home, I asked Google Maps to avoid tolls because I didn't have any cash. While messing around with my phone at a rest stop, I somehow turned this request off. 

So I'm driving on a highway in New York and I come up on a toll. No biggie. I've had this happen to me in Massachusetts before, so I *think* I know the drill; copy my license plate number, and send me a bill in the mail. But nope! As I'm at the toll booth, I inform the booth worker I have no cash. She asks for my driver's license so I can be identified. I go to my wallet and...what? It's not there. I quickly feel around my car and can't find it. I tell the worker this, so she asks for my registration so they can still ID me and send me a bill. 

Oh, I have that! I go to my glove box and...nope. The handle is stuck. I'm trying to open it, banging on it and jigging the handle, but it's really stuck. So now the worker asks me to pull over to some little station off the side to the road, after I've been holding up morning traffic for 5 minutes. 

I oblige, not knowing what's going to happen to me. I pull over to the station, and wait for 10 seconds until another worker approaches my car and informs me that the woman behind me paid my toll. Relief! 

So thank you anonymous lady. I don't know what compelled you to help me; was it my out of state license plate? Or my politically charged bumper stickers? Or are you just that nice to everyone?

So thanks again. I'll definitely pay it forward. 

Edit: *butt. Doh! 




 Specifically, I'm looking to take the MBTA from Scituate to Salem for school. I know it's going to be hassle because I have to make several transfers, so maybe I should just drive. Does anyone else travel between the SS and NS?  














 I recently read Mao Dun's "Shop of the Lin Family" and "Spring Silkworms", both of which gave fascinating insight into what was going on in China during the communist revolution. I'm looking for more books of a similar manner, which through realism, show the history of China as it's happening.  





























 I can't count the number of times I've seen someone write something like "Reddit users are racist/sexist/homophobic etc.", and other negative general stereotypes. I've never seen another site have users attack their fellow user base, so does this happen anywhere else? 




 I'm looking for some walking canes for my friend who has trouble getting about. He has one, but I thought I'd buy him a nicer one for his birthday. Anywhere I physically shop for them? 




 I've been searching around for busses and flights, and the cheapest thing I found was a flight to Butte, and then a bus from Butte to Helena. Total comes to about $300, which almost makes it cheaper to drive for me. Are there any buses, flight routes, trains, etc. I might have missed that a re bit cheaper? Just want to make sure I'm not going past any possibilities. 




 Per example, if a country has ten parties to choose from in a given election, will more people vote in that election, compared to a country with two parties to choose from? 




 I'm reading [*The Opium War: Being Recollections of Service in China*](http://books.google.com/books/about/The_Opium_War.html?id=baNDAAAAYAAJ), written by a British captain serving in China during the Opium War, and in it he mentions Malay pirates using kriis, and Chinese cock fighters equipping their cocks with kriis for fights. What is this weapon? I haven't been able to find anything on it. To quote the book:

"The cocks, which at the present day precent specimens of the finest class, were then trained much in the same way as in Europe, but were armed, in the place of a spur, with a broad flat blade, resembling their own favourite weapon-the kriis;..." [Pg 37]

"These savages [Malay pirates] armed with terrible kriis are in the constant habit of attacking plundering the coasting merchantman which they the more readily make a prey of from the circumstance both the Siam and Cochin-Chinese government forbidding her merchantmen from being armed." [Pg 36]

What exactly does this weapon look like? How common were they?
 




 Antifa rallies generally seem to be full of anarchists, so I'm asking here. In the US, we don't really have any fascists. Pockets of them exist, but barely so. I could understand holding rallies near their home bases, like in the South, but this usually isn't the case. From what I see, the rallies are held in cities where there aren't any fascists gathering. 

If I'm off the mark here, let me know. Otherwise, some help understanding this would be nice. Are they targeting world wide fascists, American fascists, or someone else? 




 Two weeks ago I became a Master Mason with the Freemasons. Basically I went from being an apprentice to an accepted, average Freemason. It was really fun.

AMAA about what it's like! I won't answer questions about our rituals (you can google that if you wish), as those are sacred, but everything else is open game. 




 Hi all, 

Some of you have noticed my flair as I've been posting in this sub. My name is Dan Morris and I'm running to represent Salem, Massachusetts as a State Representative. 

I've spent a year working with Students For Liberty as a campus coordinator, a student non-profit dedicated towards spreading the ideas of capitalism and limited government on college campuses. I've also been active with my local Tea Party (who aren't as bad as you might think). And I've also been working with the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education (FIRE) on changing speech codes at my school, Salem State University.  I've even lobbied with them in Boston for a students right to have active legal council present during expulsion and suspension hearings with their school, due to such meetings being public record, allowing a court to ask for the transcripts of whatever a student said during these meetings, which leads to self-incrimination. 

Some issues I'm running on:

 Removing a state gas tax which is tied to inflation. You want to raise taxes? Fine (well, not really), but at least vote for raising them per year rather than sneaking in an inflation tie. 
 Marijuana legalization, and allowing non-violent first time offenders in prison for drug possession to be released back into our society. 
 Transgender equal access to all public facilities (i.e, bathrooms). 
 Working against the over arming of police
 Establish a limited trial voucher program for low-income students to go to any school of their choosing. 

I should also note that I am not an AnCap, but that's only because my readings have been focused elsewhere. I'll read Rothbard soon, I swear!

I enjoy hiking, gaming, reading alt-history books, and volunteer as an English tutor to immigrants and refugees in my spare time. 

AMA!  









 Do any countries do this? I know some do the opposite, like Israel, where you vote for the party, not the candidate. But could just putting only names on the ballot be a good thing? Theoretically this would require voters to do more research on candidates, and prevent them from voting strictly on party lines. 




 When I joined a few years ago, I did so without finishing the BoM first. I mainly skimmed and read the chapter summaries. I've since finished it, but have met other people who were like me. So I'm curious if any folks here did the same thing. And is there anything wrong with that? There was just so much pressure to get baptized, and I wanted to as well. So I figured it didn't matter so much if my guy feeling was telling me I was doing the right thing.  




 I've been inactive with the church for a few years, but want to return. I'm 20, so I'm able to go a SAW, but I never went to one initially. When returning to the church, should I go to my local SAW or simply my old ward?  




 https://www.mturk.com/mturk/preview?groupId=3UXCLCQO1U2B32FQM52VTK6YYAZ025 









 So [here's a Salon Q A video](http://www.slate.com/blogs/outward/2014/04/23/ask_a_homo_how_should_straight_people_behave_in_gay_bars_video.html) where the speaker says that straights shouldn't go into gay bars.

I'm conflicted on this, because while I realize that there are few gay spaces around (like the speaker mentions), I still think allowing straights and gays to mingle in bars is a way to break down the barriers of division. And I could see how if this logic was applied to the opposite side-that gays shouldn't go into "straight" bars (simply meaning a bar which doesn't tolerate the gay community)-then that would cause some obvious issues.

So what are your thoughts on this? 




 In a speech to the eighth meeting of the central peoples government counsel on June 28, 1950, Mao said "The Chinese people had long ago declared that the affairs of the various countries throughout the world should be run by the peoples of the respective countries themselves, and the affairs of these should be run by the people of Asia themselves and not by the United States. United States' aggression In Asia will only arouse the extensive and resolute resistance of the peoples of Asia."

Mao and other Communist Party members talked much of making world peace. They also talked much of Taiwan, and taking it away from the grasp of the United States. How could Mao and other Chinese officials justify the taking of Taiwan, when the people of Taiwan wanted to self govern themselves, and that such aggression would certainly cause war? 









 Hey all, I'm looking to improve my Mandarin a bit and was wondering if any knew of any good Mandarin texts to read. I'm looking for things that are libertarian/ancap related, but anything relating to defending capitalism in general would be good too. 




 I need some cash for gas and to make a housing payment. I'm in school, but will be working by the end of the month. I should also get my taxes back soon. 

Check my account history. It's a new account, but I'm a verifiable person. I can link you to my FB, give you my number, and do whatever else you want.  




 Sup. I'm Dan and I'm a college student in Salem. I can offer you a spot in my dorms to stay for up to two nights (university rules), and offer you some meals if you're homeless or struggling. 

Let me know what's up! 




 Hi all,

My name is Dan Morris, and I'm running for state representative to represent Salem, Massachusetts in Boston. I'm running as a libertarian, but still identify with a lot of conservatives like Thomas Sowell, Barry Goldwater, and Margaret Thatcher. 

I'm looking for advice on reaching out to voters, getting my message straight, or whatever else you have to offer.

My campaign has a [Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/electdanmorris), and I have a [Democracy.com page](http://democracy.com/danielmorris) which lists some of the issues I support.

Thank you!

Dan 




 Hi there,

I'm Dan, and I'm running to fill John Keenan's seat for State Representative this November. I'm running on a pro-charter school, anti-tax, and pro-transgender rights platform. 

I'm originally from Scituate, but moved to Salem two years ago to attend Salem State University, where I'm still attending. I fell in love with the city instantly, and hope to remain here after I finish my degree. 

My core issues is being a pro-charter school advocate. As an alumni of one (South Shore Charter Public School), I know how important these places are, and they deserve all the help they can get. The state moratorium on their expansion was recently lifted, which is great, but it should have never happened in the first place.

I also want to ensure transgenders have the right to access any public accommodation (there's legislation for that in the works). Salem recently made a great stride in protecting this important minority in our population, and I want to stand by them as they seek for more rights to access public accommodations and other public services.

And lastly, I'm anti-gas tax. Massachusetts recently passed a gas tax which is tied to inflation. The gas tax hurts everyone but those who passed the legislation. We can pay for our roads in other ways, like limiting MBTA expansion. Those saved funds which serves the east coast can be spent out west, which Beacon Hill likes to pretend to ignore.

My campaign has a [Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/electdanmorris), and I also have a [Democracy.com page](http://democracy.com/DanielMorris/) which lists some of the issues I support.

So let me know what's on your mind, whether you're from Salem or elsewhere. AMA!

Proof added on my FB page! 




 Hi there,

I'm Dan, and I'm running to fill John Keenan's seat for State Representative this November. I'm running on a pro-charter school, anti-tax, and pro-transgender rights platform. 

I'm originally from Scituate, but moved to Salem two years ago to attend Salem State University, where I'm still attending. I fell in love with the city instantly, and hope to remain here after I finish my degree. 

My core issues is being a pro-charter school advocate. As an alumni of one (South Shore Charter Public School), I know how important these places are, and they deserve all the help they can get. The state moratorium on their expansion was recently lifted, which is great, but it should have never happened in the first place.

I also want to ensure transgendered people have the right to access any public accommodation (there's legislation for that in the works). Salem recently made a great stride in protecting this important minority in our population, and I want to stand by them as they seek for more rights to access public accommodations and other public services.

And lastly, I'm anti-gas tax. Massachusetts recently passed a gas tax which is tied to inflation. The gas tax hurts everyone but those who passed the legislation. We can pay for our roads in other ways, like limiting MBTA expansion. Those saved funds which serves the east coast can be spent out west, which Beacon Hill likes to pretend to ignore.

My campaign has a [Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/electdanmorris), and I also have a [Democracy.com page](http://democracy.com/DanielMorris/) which lists some of the issues I support.

So let me know what's on your mind, whether you're from Salem or elsewhere. AMA!

Proof added on my FB page! 




 Hi there,

I'm Dan, and I'm running to fill John Keenan's seat for State Representative this November. I'm running on a pro-charter school, anti-tax, and pro-transgender rights platform. 

I'm originally from Scituate, but moved to Salem two years ago to attend Salem State University, where I'm still attending. I fell in love with the city instantly, and hope to remain here after I finish my degree. 

My core issues is being a pro-charter school advocate. As an alumni of one (South Shore Charter Public School), I know how important these places are, and they deserve all the help they can get. The state moratorium on their expansion was recently lifted, which is great, but it should have never happened in the first place.

I also want to ensure transgendered people have the right to access any public accommodation (there's legislation for that in the works). Salem recently made a great stride in protecting this important minority in our population, and I want to stand by them as they seek for more rights to access public accommodations and other public services.

And lastly, I'm anti-gas tax. Massachusetts recently passed a gas tax which is tied to inflation. The gas tax hurts everyone but those who passed the legislation. We can pay for our roads in other ways, like limiting MBTA expansion. Those saved funds which serves the east coast can be spent out west, which Beacon Hill likes to pretend to ignore.

My campaign has a [Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/electdanmorris), and I also have a [Democracy.com page](http://democracy.com/DanielMorris/) which lists some of the issues I support.

So let me know what's on your mind, whether you're from Salem or elsewhere. AMA!

Proof added on my FB page! 




 Hi there /r/boston!

I'm Dan, and I'm running to fill John Keenan's seat for State Representative this November. I'm running on a pro-charter school, anti-tax, and pro-transgender rights platform. 

I'm originally from Scituate, but moved to Salem two years ago to attend Salem State University, where I'm still attending. I fell in love with the city instantly, and hope to remain here after I finish my degree. 

My core issues is bring a pro-charter school advocate. As an alumni of one (South Shore Charter Public School), I know how important these places are, and they deserve all the help they can get. The moratorium on their expansion was recently lifted, which is great, but it should have never happened in the first place.

I also want to ensure transgendered people have the right to access any public accommodation (there's legislation for that in the works). Salem recently made a great stride in protecting this important minority in our population, and I want to stand by them as they seek for more rights to access public accommodations and other public services.

And lastly, I'm anti-gas tax. The gas tax hurts everyone but those who passed the legislation. We can pay for our roads in other ways, like limiting MBTA expansion. Those saved funds which serves the east coast can be spent out west, which Beacon Hill likes to ignore.

My campaign has a [Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/electdanmorris), and I also have a [Democracy.com page](http://democracy.com/DanielMorris/) which lists some of the issues I support.

So let me know what's on your mind, whether you're from Salem or elsewhere. AMA!

 




 Hi there,

I'm Dan, and I'm running to fill John Keenan's seat for State Representative this November. I'm running on a pro-charter school, anti-tax, and pro-transgender rights platform. 

I'm originally from Scituate, but moved to Salem two years ago to attend Salem State University, where I'm still attending. I fell in love with the city instantly, and hope to remain here after I finish my degree. 

My core issues is being a pro-charter school advocate. As an alumni of one (South Shore Charter Public School), I know how important these places are, and they deserve all the help they can get. The moratorium on their expansion was recently lifted, which is great, but it should have never happened in the first place.

I also want to ensure transgendered people have the right to access any public accommodation (there's legislation for that in the works). Salem recently made a great stride in protecting this important minority in our population, and I want to stand by them as they seek for more rights to access public accommodations and other public services.

And lastly, I'm anti-gas tax. The gas tax hurts everyone but those who passed the legislation. We can pay for our roads in other ways, like limiting MBTA expansion. Those saved funds which serves the east coast can be spent out west, which Beacon Hill likes to pretend to ignore.

My campaign has a [Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/electdanmorris), and I also have a [Democracy.com page](http://democracy.com/DanielMorris/) which lists some of the issues I support.

So let me know what's on your mind, whether you're from Salem or elsewhere. AMA!

 
























 None! 

No has asked for it! Unless "Hey how are you" is secret code for "gimme dat dough".  




 Be gentle. Either. 

Http://okcupid.com/profile/leftclickmyface 




 Common misconception. Japan was very independent by the 70s, as was the ROC and Pakistan. Pakistan had indeed been ruled by another country, but it wasn't the US, it was Britain, before the Pakistan-India split. 

Really do recommend the book though!  




 21, bi, male. 18-25.  




 China used to be super poor in the 70s and 80s. Still is, but at least they have a growing middle class thanks to people fleeing the farms and going into the cities, where's it partially easier to make a living, even if thats not saying much. The country is going on a very similar path to Europe and the US after the industrial revolution. 

What was the other option? To have China leave it's self closed? To not open trade with the US? 




 Those groups hold anti-police violence rallies and anti-war rallies. Those are something to share, no? 




 This happens to me. Most will visit my profile once I ask them out, which is about 5 messages in.  




 I've had three first dates where the women has been alone with me in my car, in a semi-remote area within two hours. 

I'm not sure how I feel about this.  




 I don't think you understand how complicated things were with engaging Taiwan, Japan, and Pakistan when negotiations with China began. There was a boat load of secret back channel talks and lies to the press to keep things under wraps until the timing was right. A lot had to be hidden, including some of Kissinger's visits to Beijing. 

The important thing though is that what they did could really only have been done when they did it. 

I recommend reading "Nixon and Mao: The Week That Changed the World" by Margaret MacMillan. Really detailed account of all the effort Nixon's team put into creating back channels and using them effectively, and how hard negotiations were with Mao when US forces were still deployed all over Asia. 

Your claim was everything unraveled. I just don't see how that's true with China, when they're our second largest trading partner. Doesn't matter how "easy" (it wasn't) or "hard" it was, I'm just saying our relationship is still intact.  




 Exactly. Nixon and Kissinger worked to exploit the Sino-Soviet split, and to this day, we've maintained relations with China. 

Sure, any presidential team could have done it, but they did it at the right time. So your statement isn't exactly factual.  




 This isn't true. We still have economic and diplomatic relations with China, decades after his departure from office. 

And though our relations with Pakistan have deteriorated since the Nixon administration, that's neither Kissinger's or Nixon's fault, but rather the fault of events way outside of their control and time. For a good while, Pakistan was favored over India, a preference that lasted years after Kissinger left his post. 
 




 For a lot of older folk, the opening of China is still fresh in their minds, so that's a reason why they might rank him highly. He was extremely skilled in getting US-Sino relations up and running.  




 This isn't true. The Free State Project has many of them, as do groups like Students For Liberty and Young Americans for Liberty.  




 My home lodge back in Scituate was mostly older (40+), but a few 30 something's joined the craft the fill the age gap. 

Massachusetts really seems to be doing well in sustaining membership.  




 Bound of Canaan is about the Underground Railroad and it's very fascinating.  




 Seconded. It changed my life. Great read written by a great man.  




 They should get banned soon, if they've sent that out a lot.  




 The 1st is really weird for a main. The one with the dog is pretty cute though! 




 The solution is to send your dates my way, to ease off your stress.  




 What's *right* with the T?
 




 But I like mine :( 




 There's the NYC Anarchist Bookfair.  




 Try asking quicker. Don't let the conversation go that long.  




 Thanks for the suggestion! If the date is going well, I'll offer Nine Mile as a spot to go eat at. Sounds fantastic. 




 If the girl asks, I will. I'm very comfortable with doing it, and it's fun.  




 You left your number in there, FYI 




 Seconded on the quote. It comes off a little weird.  




 "Now that I've met you, I'm having second thoughts about it..." 




 Any more openings by chance? 




 Those all sound right up her ally. Thanks so much for the help!  




 Deleting system 32 does the trick.  




 Reddit is pretty popular, so I don't think it's necessary.  




 Good luck, friend, and congrats!  




 Orangeville area. I think anything with less than an hours drive from there should be fine.  




 I'm a little liberal when it comes to some things, which is a big deal for my state I guess. 




 Met a girl who lives in that area, and am looking for some first date ideas nearby. The only thing I've found is the dinosaur museum in Price, which seems okay. 

Any other suggestions?  




 1) Your main pic is a little weak, doesn't really show much of you.

2) Your self-summary is really bland and doesn't say anything about you. Insert something about your personality there, but try and be creative with that.

3) Use "I" less when starting sentences.

4) Don't mention being dead tired on a Friday night. What's your *ideal* Friday night? If it's just getting food with friends and playing games afterwards, leave it at that. 




 So there isn't a guarantee kicking them out isn't a death sentence?  




 Finding free tour guides of the city. 

Because it's free.  




 I get involved in politics a lot, and attend conferences when I can. So that's one way.  




 If it's worth it to you, you can on craigslist and pay $50 for a profession photographer to follow you around for an hour or two.  




 I'm too good or everyone I meet 

Also, I seem to be moving a lot 




 Try at least two or three more message and the ask out. By that time they should view you, and decide for themselves.  




 Just mention you live a little outside city Y, but city Y is where you like to date/hang 




 Ask why he didn't stay in the US like Daniel Ellsberg did when Ellsberg started coming out with the "Pentagon Papers", and what kind of difference there would be if he (Snowden) had stayed in the US.  




 Don't forget ISFLC! It's happening soon, but there's always next year. 

Also, YAL State Conferences are the place to be.  




 The youth thread over at r/@ got me thinking about this. If I have a child who refuses to get vaccinated, what happens? By not getting vaccinated, they run the risk of giving some sort of disease to other children in the community, which no one wants. 

Does the community ban them? Do I get authority to vaccinate them? Does it matter how old the child is (2 vs. 10)? 




 For a greeting? No, that'd be a little weird. Not weird for the end of the date though, if all went well.  




 How long ago did you send the form? Give it a day or two and try again? 




 Fine on my end today (2/1).  




 3 (soon to be 4) dates in...4 weeks? Haven't messaged many girls either. My upcoming 4th date messaged me first, which is nice. Almost had a 5th, but I moved, so that didn't work. 
And 2/3 dates I've been on have been really fun. 
So I'd say 50%.  




 I transplanted here from New England, and it's been a wild ride. Absolutely nothing like it. It's a little hard being here in your early 20s (unless you're in school). Every young person I talk to is itching to leave. 




 I'd want them to be an intellectual. By this, I mean they don't always use simple language to express complex ideas. I want to hear those complex ideas in full, with numbers and big words a lot of people might need to look up the definition of. Their inaugural address should have less applause, and be one giant speech. 

With recent SOTUs, for every minute of speech there is 30 seconds of applause. That's not right. (Source: Elvin Lim, "The Anti-Intellectual Presidency).  




 No issue!

I'm often coming across profiles of girls who don't want you to message them if you have a shirtless pic, so a lot don't seem to like it. It could work if it's not too obvious you're trying to show off (like doing a shirtless mirror pic). Training outside might be okay, if you do it. 




 I wouldn't say either of those are bad, but I can see why you feel that way.

Just try and closer up photos of you doing things. Kind of like you holding up that sign, but just something more clear so we can see you easier. 




 I don't think you're bad looking, but I wouldn't say you have great pics. Your main doesn't show you at all, which I'm sure you know. That's a little bit of a problem. 

You should add something a little more serious to "What I'm Doing With My Life". Like what are you *actually* doing with your week? Job? School? Etc.

Overall, it's not too bad. 




 But is she qt? 




 Packing shit for a move to Utah. I have one shot at the perfect job in SLC, and have to nail everything right to get it.

Plzpray4me 




 Moving into the danger zone

Yelling obscenities at school children

So far, I've yet to do either of these things. I feel sort of bad for making such a big lie. 




 Look up your state's grand lodge ("Grand Lodge of New York") and find their website. You do not always have to be Mason to qualify for the scholarship, and many assist the financially needy. 

If you find the website, don't be afraid to contact them directly to inquire about what you're looking for. One of the tenets of Freemasonry is to engage in philanthropy, so your state lodge should be more than willing to point you in the right direction. For contact, you should usually look for the email/phone of a secretary.  




 Whoa, you're right. I've walked by that lodge a few times, and have never heard of anything happening there. Wonder why that is? It's got to be operating, right?  




 Freemason here. We're a fraternity of dudes hanging out twice a month. We do rituals, walk in parades, eat dinners, and sometimes drink. 

People like to pretend we control the world, but not really. This comes from the fact a lot of important people in the past have been Masons, and they may have held important power at one point, but no longer. 

As for provisions, there are scholarships, burial funds, widow funds, and that sort of thing. Nothing too fancy.  




 I got wicked sick and had feelings of strong regret for literally minutes :c

Plz forgive. 




 1) Add more to your profile pictures that don't show the same angle twice

2) Start your sentence and paragraphs with "I" less

3) Condense your favorites list so it's not so long when scrolling 




 250-300 miles of my town in Wyoming. 




 I don't hate it or anything, but I've yet to see anyone answer "normal" to "Would you rather be weird or normal?" 




 Hey, AmeriCorp, that's pretty cool! I'm currently serving myself and it's pretty dope. Honestly, everything looks pretty good to me. Cute and funny. 




 1) Get rid of that selfy (pic #4) - not very flattering. 

2) You have two pictures showing you play the violin Not terrible, but maybe mix it up a bit?

3) Everything reads pretty generic. I'm not picking up anything super unique about your personality. Try and be a little more creative with some things, like with the "Message me if" section. What you want in a woman just sounds plain. Maybe that is really what you want, but it's not an attention getter. 




 First, once you plan a regular meeting time, stick to it, no matter what, even if only two people will be there. Keep it consistent so you don't miss newcomers. 

Second, collaborate with any other political groups on projects. Your group is going to start out small, so you need to build your network of other active students. Is the Black Student Union holding a rally on prison reform? Great, go ask how you can help. Is the Conservative Party club hosting a debate? See if you can join in. 

And third, assuming you're American, if your club runs into any issues with your school censoring you, hit up FIRE (thefire.org), and they'll give you a hand in suing or getting publicity.  




 I ran a political club at my school - it's hard to keep interest and grow the club. People get busy, stop caring, unless you do cool events. 

Do you have any particular interests (drug war, prisons, etc.)? There are groups I can mention that send out free things for college clubs.  




 I'd invest it to buy my own apartment complex (10-20 tenets), then lease half of the units to full rent paying tenets, and lease the other half to poorer tenets, who's rent is subsidized by the other half. This is actually the model my current housing complex runs off of, and it's pretty neat.  




 The point is preferences are wrong and everyone should just like everyone! /s 




 If the first reply is short, I'll build off that. In your example I'd ask about what they did in Japan and ask something else from their profile. If they continue with another short reply, I give up.  




 Just adding another accepting faith to the mix: A lot of Quakers will incorporate Buddhist/Eastern teachings into their lives. This works particularly well because Quaker meetigs for worship are generally silent (depending on the type of meeting), so it's easy to use mediation during such times.

That said, /u/tripletrules answer is for sure what many Evangelical Christians in the South might think of these Eastern philosophies.  




 Try and be a bit more creative with "you should message me if". Plenty of people have what you have, so having something unique helps you stand out.  




 You can sort of do this when you rank questions "What you care about", which should work great if you only have a select number of things which are very important to you in finding a match. 




 Everyone is different. Not every guy enjoys constant talking, or needs it.

Do you mean he logged into OKC after you texted him? If he did that, then maybe he lost interest. Why not message him there? Ask him what's up and if everything is okay.

 




 Sometimes I take a few days to talk with someone again. It's nothing personal, I just like my alone time for a while and need to recharge. Or something comes up which makes me hella focused on other things besides my SO/dates. So the silence doesn't always have anything to do with you; there can be other factors at play. 




 1) I like ll of your photos, they show you being active and positive which is always a good thing.

2) Try and start sentences with "I" less so there's a better flow, especially with each of your paragraphs in your opening section. You could also cut some things down. For example: 

"I want to have a relationship of the sort where we can tease each other constantly while still caring for each other and being cute together." -- "It'd be great if we could tease each other in that cute way that couples do." 

"The current plan is to go into journalism once I graduate because I enjoy writing and want to work in an area where I can help make a difference." -- "The current plan is to go into journalism, where it's easy to make a difference with words."

"I feel like this is a strange thing to put down, but upon meeting people there tends to be a "guess the ethnicity" game. I guess I don't look like what people expect since I tend to get Spanish, Italian, and Greek a lot." -- "People like to guess my ethnicity a lot. They're hardly ever wrong/right. It's still a fun game to play."

3) "I'm grew up in a conservative household but am personally socially liberal." Made a grammar error there! I'm -- I

 




 Common courtesy. And you can sometimes find ways to google a profile based off a picture, whereas that's harder to do with Tinder. 




 Agreed. I never liked professional looking photos as a main, unless they show something interesting. So a change for a main could go a long way.  




 That's a very good point, though certainly Turkey, Russia and India aren't nearly as unstable as Pakistan, or in danger of becoming unstable like Iran one day. 

Plus, Pakistan isn't in danger of a new civil war, and they've been fighting jihadists for a while now, so I'm sure they know how to protect their nukes. Still, I suppose their bombs could always fall into the wrong hands. Certainly makes me think! 




 I am opposed to the amendment for reasons already stated, however, I am totally for having a national discussion about it, and having states vote Nay or Yea on choosing to adapt the amendment. It'd be a great moment for our country to learn more about the Constitution, and the process of changing it.  




 The current Iranian government probably is smart enough yes, but we have no idea what the country will look like in the future. It's possible Iran could see another movement like the Green Revolution, and it's possible said movement could descend into chaos, field by a region already in turmoil. In such a situation, I would be concerned about nuclear weapons falling into the hands of any rebel factions (pro-Israel or not).  




 And really, it's kind of important point to make right now. There's been a lot of talk during this legislative secession about what to do about the drop in oil prices, and how that will change how the state spends and saves. For years, Wyoming has been one of the few states to run a surplus in revenue due to conservative spending, and the oil business bringing profits to the state. But now that those profits are in danger, as well as people losing their jobs, a lot of legislators are looking to protect the coal industry.  




 I think you mean *Alex*. ;) 




 Maybe the hardship of finding an apartment if you're a Native in Fremont County? I've talked with a lot of Natives who get tuned away by landlords, simply because their last name is Brown.  




  The pastor turned to Kasha, You should repent! God, he destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah just because of gays!
 
 Kasha yelled back, Let his creator judge him! Not you! Not any of you here!

Such a powerful part. Thanks for sharing this OP, it's very beautiful with all it's imagery (though tragic the story is). 




 I'm down! 




 Amongst everything else mentioned here, you also have to consider the American allies who would be quick to denounce such an action. 

Relations with countries like Japan, Canada, or the UK would be severely harmed.  




 For Quakers, the vision statement is:

 We envision a vital and growing Religious Society of Friendsa faith that deepens spiritually, welcomes newcomers, builds supportive and inclusive community, and provides loving service and witness in the world.
 
 Through Friends General Conference, we see Quakers led by the Spirit joining together in ministry to offer services that help Friends, meetings, and seekers explore, deepen, connect, serve and witness within the context of our living faith. 




 Yes, because they're spending money in large sums to influence government. The average citizen doesn't have the kind of money to play into games of "favorites" and "well-connections" that Washington runs on. So get *all* money out of politics. 




 Sticky post on the front page of this subreddit explains it. 




 And it's $600m too much. Get money out of politics. We need to stop letting any industry, or group, from squashing  the little man. 

Your average Joe can't compete with $600m or $900m. You're right, this isn't democracy, it's an oligarchy for the rich and well connected. So ban unions, the Koch's, scientists, banks, and everyone else from destroying the system. 

 




 Individually, no union spends nearly as much as the Koch's, this is true, but the industry itself spends $600m: https://www.opensecrets.org/lobby/indus.php?id=P year=a
 




 Dirty federal employee (volunteer program).  




 I'm sorry :( I got a nasty stomach bug. Plz forgive.  




 Taking the money out of it renders lobbying for certain issues almost useless. You won't be able to have groups like the ACLU (who pay lobbyists).  




 Then how can we get laws passed or inform politicians about laws? I've lobbied by talking to state representatives about passing a law in my state. Many of the representatives I contacted had never heard of the bill that I was trying to get passed.  




 I'll be there!  




 Much better. The rest seems pretty okay to me.  Good luck!  




 You mention working for a non-profit and moving overseas twice in two different sections. That's repetitive, and unnecessary.  




 Nothing terrible, and I like your pictures, though I would replace your main with the picture of you on the horse, because it's sort of cute and funny and shows you doing something "interesting".

What happened before the Big Bang? The Big Date?

I liked this part, made me chuckle. 




 I work with Native Americans, and it's a hard mindset to explain, especially if you're not Native/Aboriginal. Speaking only for the two tribes I work with (and based on my conversations with tribal members), they are generally very distrusting of the US government, and whites in general. There are still Natives on my local reservation who went to boarding schools where their Native culture was stripped from them, depriving them of their heritage. These young kids were also beat, or raped. And mind you, this wasn't all that long ago, so the events are still fresh in people's minds.

So you're talking about groups who can still remember when a white government was beating and raping their children. It's not easy convincing them that "everything's better now, trust us!", especially when it often isn't (at least for some US reservations). 




 Tag line is good enough reason for me. 




 North Dakota DOES exist, despite what all these naysayers tell you. 




 It's hard to have this conversation because Malcolm changed his mind towards the end of his life, before being killed. He began preaching the same message MLK was, more or less.  




 On the whole, probably not. However, we may see states adapt such measures on their own, like how Vermont tried to get single-payer healthcare up and running, but was unable to due to cost.  




 Try paddling to "the spit" in Scituate. It's a nice sandbar where boaters gather to party during the summer. Should be quiet this time of year. 




 I didn't even know this was a thing. I feel so left out. 
























