  Americans don't vote for welfare programs,

Not really. The vast majority of those programs were created long ago. How many have been created in the past decade or two?

However, Clinton in the 1990s did *repeal* Americans' right to cash payments for poor people (welfare), a right that was in place since the Great Depression.

It's pretty clear why we continue to have food stamps and other programs to assist the poor today. It's not because of our two corrupt ruling political parties -- and certainly not because of American voters -- it's simply because if the rich people who control/fund both of our political parties removed those programs the poor would literally rebel.

 they don't give to charity,

We certainly do. We have millions of caring and moral people. But that has little to do with global warming.

 they don't help their neighbors?

Sure we do. But one could easily argue there is an element of self-interest in helping your immediate neighbor. Either way, your points are on more of a micro scale, whereas global warming issues deal with macro economics and an international scale.

On the issue of global warming, it's clear we -- our *government* as a whole -- are greedy, heartless bastards. One only has to listen to VP Gore's blunt talk about the US being the country which seeks to *undermine* international treaties/actions to deal with global warming to understand that. 




 Considering that I named several wars in that reply, I cannot differentiate what 2 you're referring to.

But guessing, I'll just point out that both the war on Iraq and the war on Afghanistan were *both* immoral wars of aggression. 




  but again required that the U.S. "prove" bin Laden's involvement first.

Isn't that only logical? Isn't that the basis on which international extradition treaties work?

Considering that the US had no diplomatic recognition of Afghanistan, the Afghans were just using common sense in dealing with a treacherous government that routinely lies through its teeth, and lies to its own people to start wars.

 "The great moral American people would rather believe government lies than to acknowledge the government's crimes and to hold the government accountable." -- Assistant Secretary of the Treasury in the Reagan administration and Associate Editor of the Wall Street Journal Paul Craig Roberts. 




  If it's so easy to "get people to stop being greedy," 

Who said it was easy? I said it was the "real trick" -- you're misrepresenting what I said and building a [straw man](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Straw_man) argument to highlight that Americans live unsustainable lifestyles, far richer than the vast majority of the rest of the planet.

And then you use that straw man to argue that capitalism is the solution, a point thoroughly refuted and destroyed by many, for example Naomi Klein in her [recent book](http://www.amazon.com/This-Changes-Everything-Capitalism-Climate/dp/1451697384/).

 Once global climate change impacts the ledgers of the wealthy, then the world will turn against it.

Again, it already is doing that. The point you are missing is that modern capitalism is very skilled at turning a profit, even turning a profit on tragedies of a massive scale (e.g. Hurricane Katrina).

What is costly for the insurance industry, for example, is a profitable boon for other industries (e.g. construction). Again, the core of the problem is our lack of empathy towards others, and the greed-based, anti-social, short-sighted me-first attitudes that capitalism indoctrinates us with. 




  I want my government to defend me from Muslim Terrorism.

You're in luck then -- because despite what our lying government says, there is no serious or legitimate "threat" to Americans from the Muslim fundamentalists/terrorists that the US government has been working with, supporting and allying with for decades.

For example, you're far more likely to be murdered by right-wing domestic terrorists in the US than you are by some Muslim fundamentalist. 




  If the most powerful countries break their treaties, then how can we expect anyone to keep them?

We logically cannot.

As a veteran, this is the real crime of Bush adopting outright torture as a US national policy (and of Obama refusing to prosecute Bush and his torturers) -- in every future war, if someone tortures US soldiers, we have no logical or moral right to complain.

The US holds no moral high ground. We are just another war-loving empire operating on the moral basis of "might makes right". That may make us feel good since we're militarily strong, but eventually there will be hell to pay. We can only hope that others are more compassionate than we are as our nation's economy erodes and we become weaker.

Since many Americans do operate with a core set of values of logic, justice and morality, this also means that our immoral government has to resort to more and more propaganda and lies to con the American people into supporting our wars and international aggressions. We're on a downward spiral towards barbarism.

 "If certain acts of violation of treaties are crimes, they are crimes whether the United States does them or whether Germany does them, and we are not prepared to lay down a rule of criminal conduct against others which we would not be willing to have invoked against us." -- Justice Robert Jackson, Chief of Counsel for the United States at the post-WWII Nuremberg War Crimes Trials, and later US Supreme Court justice. 




  Bush screwed up invading Iraq, Obama screwed up leaving too early.

Two points:

* Obama is wrongly credited for leaving Iraq. Obama actually left Iraq on a timetable and agreement negotiated and agreed to in 2008 by Bush. That agreement called on US forces to leave by 31 December 2011.

* Before leaving Iraq, Obama worked the entire summer and fall of 2011 trying to bribe and arm-twist the Iraqis into keeping some US troops in Iraq. The Iraqis, who actually hate us for destroying their country and society, used the issue of legal immunity of US troops in a status of forces agreement to force the US to leave according to Bush's timetable. The Iraqis played their hand brilliantly and forced us to leave. Thus, Obama had no choice but to leave by 31 Dec. 2011 or to "reinvade Iraq" (a ludicrous idea). 




  The War on Terror is far fom over. 

The war on terror is a sham.

We've used Muslim fundamentalists for decades, starting when Jimmy Carter used them in a diabolical strategy to deliberately provoke the USSR into sending troops to aid a progressive Afghan government that was under attack.

We've allied with Muslim fundamentalists in Bosnia, Chechnya, Libya and other places -- we've used those gullible fools as our proxy soldiers.

Today we're arming/training Muslim fundamentalists in Syria to attack the secular (but independent!) Syrian dictator, and when those same Muslim fundamentalists cross over into Iraq we rename them and declare that they're the core of evil in the world.

That declaration is laughable. It's the US government and our immoral, unprincipled policies of war and aggression that is the core of evil in the world.

Wake up and smell the coffee. You're being conned by both parties of a lying government.

 "Let's replace the word 'democratic' by 'with us' and the word 'terrorist' by 'against us'." -- Michael Collon. 




 Shhh! If you point out things like that people may learn that it's the US that refuses to end the Korean War.

And we may learn that the North Koreans have offered to swap their entire nuclear program (with North Korea rejoining the NPT, which they withdrew from after we attacked Iraq and labeled NK a member of the "Axis of Evil", and accepting IAEA inspectors) in return for the US agreeing to end the Korean War and assurances of not attacking North Korea, but that we rejected that offer.

After all, keeping tensions sky-high on the Korean peninsula not only gives us troops and bases near China, but it also functions as a way to keep US influence and control over the economic powerhouse of South Korea. Without those bases, tensions and the fear created by North Korea, South Korea may start thinking it's actually independent and adopting policies that the US government doesn't like. 




  We got saddam, he didn't have any wmd. I count that as a success 

Propaganda alert! Let's bring in some *facts* -- some "inconvenient truths" -- into this discussion. The entire WMD claim was a *deliberate* lie to attack Iraq with our goal being to control Iraqs oil!

The US Congress openly talked about using Iraq's oil money to pay for the US war of aggression. Bush's former Secretary of the Treasury went on TV's "60 Minutes" showing secret maps of Iraq divided up amongst western oil companies and Bush floated the idea of prosecuting him for revealing the secret maps. The war was about oil -- not WMD -- plain and simple.

We knew in the 1990s when the head of Iraq's WMD military-industrial complex defected to the US and reported to the Clinton administration that Saddam Hussein had ordered him to destroy the entire military-industrial complex, a task that he stated he did, that Iraq had no WMD. (Saddam Hussein later had him executed when he was stupid enough to return to Iraq.)

In 2002 the Downing Street memo clearly stated the British government's views that they knew the US was inventing the WMD claim as propaganda and was using it as the moralistic rationale to wage a war of aggression on Iraq.

In 2003 we had UN weapons inspectors operating inside of Iraq for *months,* operating unhindered, directed by the US, and those weapons inspectors found nothing!

Those weapons inspectors were ordered out of Iraq by Bush, who then gave his famous "get out of Dodge" speech and gave Saddam Hussein and his sons 48 hours to leave Iraq or the US would attack. We then *treacherously* attacked before the 48 hours was even up.

Again, the entire WMD claim was *not* some sort of "mistake" of "bad intelligence" -- it was *war* *propaganda* which was deliberately created to con a gullible American population into supporting an evil, immoral war of aggression.

 "To initiate a war of aggression, therefore, is not only an international crime; it is the supreme international crime differing only from other war crimes in that it contains within itself the accumulated evil of the whole." -- The chief American prosecutor, and later US Supreme Court justice, Robert H. Jackson at the post-WWII International Military Tribunal at Nuremberg which tried Nazi war criminals. What did the US do to Iraq? 




 We've known the solution if we bother to objectively and critically examine our own history.

Did we think that Teddy Roosevelt was joking when he said, "There can be no effective control of corporations while their political activity remains. To put an end to it will be neither a short nor an easy task, but it can be done."?

Controlling corporations and stopping the privatization/corporatization of the US military, making the US military *public* again and disbanding the vast majority of our standing military, eliminating hundreds and hundreds of our overseas military bases is what needs to be done. (In short, ending the American empire and working to restore the republic.)

But with the 2 corrupt, corporate-funded political parties that rule the US as effectively and as completely as any dictatorship in power, it's going to take something along the lines of a revolution to accomplish those common-sense goals.

 "I spent 33 years and four months in active military service and during that period I spent most of my time as a high class thug for Big Business, for Wall Street and the bankers. In short, I was a racketeer, a gangster for capitalism." -- USMC Maj. Gen. Smedley Butler, winner of 2 Congressional Medals of Honor. 




   It was doomed to fail the moment it started.

Exactly. Countries who start wars of aggression *should* lose them. Countries who commit torture on a mass scale -- unapologetically -- are inherently illegitimate.

Afghanistan is a war of aggression. Our lying government claims it was fought over Bin Laden but Afghans offered to turn over Bin Laden both before and after 9/11.

Every day that goes on with our evil military waging war in Afghanistan is just another day with more needless deaths. The majority of Afghans have wanted all foreign troops out of their country for years.

It's long past time our corrupt, war-loving government "declared victory" and we leave that country that we destroyed.

Sadly, just like after we destroyed Vietnam or Iraq, our greedy, immoral government will probably not apologize and will refuse to pay reparations to the nation that we destroyed.

 "To initiate a war of aggression, therefore, is not only an international crime; it is the supreme international crime differing only from other war crimes in that it contains within itself the accumulated evil of the whole." -- The chief American prosecutor, and later US Supreme Court justice, Robert H. Jackson at the post-WWII International Military Tribunal at Nuremberg which tried Nazi war criminals. 




 It was. And it was reported (though wildly under-reported).

Back in about 2004-5 the US Army's War College (the military academy where generals and higher ranking officers go to get an equivalent to a PhD in military studies) did a study and reported that *both* Iraq and Afghanistan were "strategic defeats" for the US. Thus, the War College called the wars very early.

But remember, that is *good.* Countries who wage wars of aggression and who unapologetically torture and commit war crimes *should* lose.

 "To initiate a war of aggression, therefore, is not only an international crime; it is the supreme international crime differing only from other war crimes in that it contains within itself the accumulated evil of the whole." -- The chief American prosecutor, and later US Supreme Court justice, Robert H. Jackson at the post-WWII International Military Tribunal at Nuremberg which tried Nazi war criminals. 




 Good point, but that only scratches the surface.

How many TV/radio/mass media programs honestly talk about Afghanistan?

How many of them *consistently* talk about the waste of US money, the corruption of the puppet Afghan government we installed? How many of them honestly talk about the fact that the Taliban have controlled the *vast* *majority* of the country for years and years? How many of them talk about the US effort to pacify the south (Obama's big move early in his first term) was a complete and utter failure?

And how many of them say that the *majority* of the Afghan people want *all* foreign troops to leave the country?

The militarists of the US claim that we "lost" Vietnam because of the mass media's reporting. In Iraq and Afghanistan our mass media has been exactly what the government wants -- cheerleaders who parrot US government talking points and who barely offer up one word of opposition.

But instead of this causing "victory", we instead just believe the lies. The problem is that the lies have no relationship to *reality* and *reality* trumps all.

 "Propaganda is to a democracy what violence is to a dictatorship." -- Noam Chomsky. 




 True, but remember, this impacting people around the globe *already.* (Bangladesh flooding, Pacific islands/nations already being evacuated, etc.)

We live in a capitalist country. American culture teaches us to worship money and greed.

I would argue that the real trick is getting people to stop being greedy, to abandon capitalism and to start caring about the welfare of other people. 




 We don't have to wonder about who's getting paid -- anyone with a clue knows that.

Back in the 60s and 70s state colleges/universities were essentially free -- between Pell Grants (now those grants are much reduced and eroded by inflation) and a part-time job just about anyone could afford to go to college. The state higher ed systems of CA and TX were stellar (and cheap), and those systems greatly benefited their states.

Capitalists and bankers worked long and hard to change the system -- much lobbying money (legalized bribery) was spent over many, many election cycles to create the system of [debt peonage](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Debt_bondage) that we have today.

*Both* of our plutocratic political parties that are funded by the rich and their corporations would fight tooth and nail against going back to the old system, no matter how fair it was nor how well it worked. The reason they would oppose this is just what you said -- it's all about who is getting paid/profiting from student loans/debt.

 Between 2000 and 2009, earnings for grads with just a bachelors degree fell by 15 percent. Yet public college tuitions rose 63 percent. -- Paul Solman (2010) Malemployed College Graduates Cope with Discouragement. PBS Newshour, December 6. 




 Wouldn't you say just about anything to distance yourself from that plutocratic nut case? 




 Like many dailykos articles, this one takes a valid point and spins it into a he-said/she-said debate about Republicans and Democrats.

The point that the Republican Party relies on the support of racists has been clear for decades. Nixon's "Southern Strategy" to garner the southern white opposition to Civil Rights was a diabolically brilliant example of realpolitik. Since that time the Republicans have worked hard to keep the support of white racists and have constantly struggled to pretend not to be racist -- it's a tricky move but they've been successful if you look at the electoral map of the south.

In many ways it is exactly the same as the Democrats' fake support for labor. The Democrats pretend to support labor and to "talk union" but then in office they carry on an anti-union, neo-liberal agenda that makes capitalists thrilled (see Obama's broken promise to support the EFCA for one recent example).

The dailykos article ignores that in some ways racism a moot or evaporating point. With whites in the US fast becoming a minority and "minorities" becoming a larger and larger percentage of the US population, even the subtle, coded racism of the Republicans is doomed to fail in the long term (unless they want to openly advocate some sort of white supremacist apartheid system).

 The fact that South Carolina lawmakers finally united in a vote to help end that festering wound could have been a triumphant moment for Republicans and Democrats alike, not to mention the nation.

This is absurd. The flag was a symbol. Removing a symbol is nice, but it does very, very little to actually address the *systemic* problems and centuries of racism in the US -- in spite of the spin that NPR and our corporate mass media puts on the flag issue.

This still leaves us with the reality of the 2 political parties that rules the US as effectively and as completely as any dictatorship: *Both* of the parties are corrupt to the bone, one is center-right and the other far-right, and *both* are capitalist parties whose primary interest is in representing the rich capitalists that bankroll the respective parties. And we have centuries of experience that capitalists *love* to use race as one of their core divide-and-conquer strategies. 




 Were the victims at the event paid actors? 




 At least the military is clear that they don't give a rat's ass about the Geneva Conventions, international law, and the "rules of war" -- you have to give them a little credit for at least being honest.

 It is the militarys position that the shift to jacketed hollowpoint (JHP) ammunition, which more efficiently transfers energy to the target and which presents much less of a risk of over-penetration, is more humane and less of a risk to innocent civilians downrange in modern combat where there are often no clear front lines.

This is just mind-boggling. The dishonorable bastards will say anything to do what they want. 




 Additional reporting/details: [here](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/jul/8/california-legislative-panel-approves-minimum-wage/) or [there](http://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2015-07-10/california-governor-s-fiscal-adviser-opposes-11-minimum-wage). 









 The article is a very good read -- independence and a refusal to bow to the US is what the US opposes, be it in Iran, China, Russia or anywhere else.

The title could be a bit better though. Conquer implies a complete takeover. The US does allow its vassals a *little* freedom of action on minor issues just to placate the natives and to allow our quislings to claim they're in charge of their countries.

Of course, conquer also implies complete destruction -- see Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Syria, etc. -- which is the primary thing that the US is *really* good at. 




 Why the focus on Cheney? Why isn't the focus on "the Decider" -- Bush?

Would the focus on Bush indict our entire, corrupt, war-loving government and *both* of the political parties that support our criminal wars? 




   but air strength is a serious factor that drives global power and military trends,

I don't know what that's supposed to mean, but I do know that US air power has not meant the US wins most of its wars.

Did all the jets and techie toys help the US to win our wars on Iraq or Afghanistan?

Even bombing the hell out of Libya for 6 months did not do much until our Muslim fundamentalist proxy ground troops managed to murder Gaddafi. 




 Coincidence or Corruption?

Easy answer: Corruption.

The hard part is that this corruption is *systemic* to the 2 political parties -- *both* of them! -- that rule the US as effectively and as completely as any dictator. *That* is the issue we have to deal with! 




 Does anyone else appreciate the irony (hypocrisy?) of the NYT reporting that psychologists functioned as de facto promoters of literal war crimes? Pot calling the kettle black? 









  The fact that everyone is biased does not make everything said untrue.

I never said that they reported untrue things -- you're putting words in my mouth.

Like all skilled propaganda organs, NPR typically lies by omission and spin. Only crude propaganda outlets lie by outright lies which can be proven untrue. And only fools use strongly worded, overt propaganda that raises red flags of its target audience. The best propaganda is subtle, so subtle that it slips by the defenses of its target audience. This is what NPR does -- subtle and with many omissions.

As a disabled vet, I thought your two examples of NPR's "good" reporting about the mustard gas and the VA hospitals were comical and a classic illustration of what I said above.

NPR says with faux shock that the VA broke its promise to the mustard gas victims. But do they reference the years of denial by the VA of the claims of Vietnam-era Agent Orange victims? Of course not. Does NPR state the *fact* that the VA medical system has been used by the US government to conduct medical experiments on unwitting veterans in *every* *decade* since the 1920s? Would such a fact be in NPR's background to a story? Of course not! Such context likely would cause Americans to be outraged and to know that we have *systemic* problems, that our government is simply *brutal* and that it doesn't really care about veterans (other than rhetorical lip service, of course).

In the story about veterans returning to a "broken" VA system, the entire story focuses on "wait times". But does NPR cover the issue that the entire goal of the VA is to "heal" veterans so they can be pushed out onto the for-profit corporate medical system that Obama shoved down the nation's throat? That the VA's mission is in many ways *not* to give care, or to give care in such a way as to pressure people not to use the VA? Of course not. NPR actually spins the crimes committed against Agent Orange vets that I mentioned above into a slight positive in this article, and they did it in the typical NPR fashion by using a selective quote from a non-NPR source (thus maintaining distance and so-called objectivity) -- utterly *brilliant* propaganda! (I never said these people were not highly skilled at what they do -- they are.)

These types of *systemic* issues are not dealt with by "all things considered", nor is the conspiratorial angle that those "decades-old problem" of wait times may indeed be a *deliberate* *strategy* to accomplish the goal of pushing people out of the VA system and to reduce the massive costs (literally *trillions* of dollars) of the VA's promise to veterans resulting from our many wars of aggression. Again, spin and deception by omission.

But hey, if you believe in NPR and all of its rhetoric, just keep believing in the organization.

NPR will lull you to sleep and eventually you may come to believe things like NPR saying that the deliberate *torture* that we inflicted on countless people in our wars was really just "abuse" or "enhanced interrogation" -- lies by euphemism that NPR repeats endlessly day after day even after Obama admitted that we tortured "some folks". As the old saying goes, "It is not possible to awaken those who only pretend to sleep."

 "The chief problem in historical honesty is not outright lying. It is omission or de-emphasis of important data. The definition of 'important', of course, depends on one's values." -- Historian Howard Zinn. 




  What president does that quote belong to?

This is why I downvoted the post -- while loosely on the same topic, the cartoon is different from the post's headline. I was commenting on the headline. 




 The Greek people have already spoken twice -- they elected Syriza to fight the EU's austerity, and again when the Greek people voted in the recent referendum.

Tsipras needs to man-up and do what the Greek people are telling him. Either that or he should resign.

If Greek defaults and leaves the EU capitalists in both the US and Europe will work to make the Greek people pay dearly. Iceland was an aberration -- a tiny country who surprised everyone by resisting the economic orthodoxy of neo-liberalism. Iceland got away with resisting austerity and the rule of foreign banks, and suffered only briefly before bouncing back strong.

The capitalists of the west will work hard to make sure Greece does not enjoy the same soft ride -- such renegade countries set a dangerous precedent for the capitalists who advocate neo-liberalism. 




  Do you listen to much NPR?

Sadly, yes. For actual news there are not any alternatives where I live.

 Because they routinely do what you're talking about. They do have hard-hitting investigative journalism.

We clearly have a difference of opinion. I see NPR as merely supporting the status quo and position of the government and big business. FAIR and others have reported that NPR and PBS have more current and former government officials than many other sources, sometimes even those clearly on the political right.

When it comes to militarism and foreign policy, NPR is just as gung-ho as the rest of the US mass media.

On domestic issues they offer some criticism, but they never deal with systemic corruption nor offer any coherent criticism of the corruption inherent to capitalism.

For issues like this oil disaster, NPR has or will quibble over the lies about the amount of spillage, they'll offer up emotional stories about dead birds and such to mindlessly pull on our heartstrings, and they'll celebrate government legal victories or cash payments as some sort of systemic change which solves the problem.

But NPR will rarely deal with BP's long history of murder and their shoddy environmental record, nor will they ponder how to address those issues. And they will *never,* *ever* deal with the fact that our corrupt government works hand-in-glove with corporations to cover these things up and to quickly exit them from the news cycle.

 Their funding structure is markedly different from what you suggest, as well

The fact that roughly a third of their budget comes from gullible people who believe in NPR doesn't mean much to me.

I liken it to Obama's bragging about how much money he collected from individuals during his campaign: When it comes down to actual *policy* who gets listened to and who calls the tune, who is going to have their concerns heard and addressed -- the many individual people contributing a $50 or $1500 pittance, or the government who can regulate them out of existence and/or the corporations/foundations who write the big, fat checks? One only has to critically examine NPR's coverage to see/hear the answer.

 "The smart way to keep people passive and obedient is to strictly limit the spectrum of acceptable opinion, but allow very lively debate within that spectrum." -- Noam Chomsky. 




  This is in contrast to what I heard on NPR, that they are taking new precautions.

Two thoughts come to mind:

The first is the government papering over the issues that caused the 2008/9 financial crisis. We passed a law or two to placate the public, and the entire unregulated derivatives market chugs on waiting for the next disaster.

The second is to consider the source: NPR. While NPR offers soft, objectively-spun criticism from a liberal perspective, we should never forget that NPR is funded by the US government and corporations (and a few people who contribute to their never-ending fund drives); thus NPR will *never* tackle our deep-seated issues of systemic corruption or question the fundamental growth-based mindset or morality of capitalism. 




 To answer your question, no, I don't think so. (On the topic of this sub-reddit, I would be more concerned with some of the anti-Jewish rhetoric featured here. That goes well beyond anti-Israeli government issues and well into raw anti-Semitism.)

In the case of this post, you have a president of the US stating bluntly what he thinks.

And is it really different 100 years later? Did we forget quotes like:

 "You mean to tell me that the success of the economic program and my re-election hinges on the Federal Reserve and a bunch of fucking bond traders?" -- President-elect Bill Clinton, upon being briefed that Wall Street runs the US economy and that he was powerless; 1993.

or

 "And the banks - hard to believe in a time when we're facing a banking crisis that many of the banks created - are still the most powerful lobby on Capitol Hill. And they frankly own the place." -- Illinois Sen. Richard Durbin, May 8, 2009.

Sure, we do not have the proverbial "smoking gun". But conspiracies -- literally more than 1 person breaking the law or carrying out their agenda -- very rarely have smoking guns.

Do you think these guys were just joking? Or is more likely, that we simply refuse to accept the truth because that would force us into a hard decision, a choice of:

* Shutting up about capitalism and its corruption, and just accepting things as they are.

* Or organizing with others and starting the *massive* task of fixing things, knowing fully well that the changes that have to be made are not mere "reforms" but are systemic or revolutionary in nature.

As the [old Navajo proverb](http://dissidentvoice.org/2015/07/those-who-pretend-to-sleep/) goes, "It is not possible to awaken those who only pretend to sleep." This begs the question of whether we are asleep or are merely pretending to be asleep. 




 You have to love the background to this. In their zeal to be "first" and to go on to the "next story",  the mainstream mass media almost always ignores details of such new stories and focuses only on the sensationalistic and jingoistic elements of the story.

After all, that sensationalism and jingoism is what sells, right?

This dynamic is what caused Thomas Jefferson to rightly observe that "The man who reads nothing at all is better educated than the man who reads nothing but newspapers." 




  It reminds me of when they started taking lead out of everything in the US and the crime rate plummeted.

Could that be possibly related to the fact that Reagan went on a *massive* incarceration kick that continues to this day, Clinton's campaign to put a 100,000 new cops on the streets, and similar campaigns -- all leading to the fact that today the US leads the world by far in the percentage of people in prison? (The US incarceration rate was much lower in the days of leaded gasoline.)

If the claim of the link between lead and the crime rate is indeed true, then we should have seen large drops in the crime rates of other countries that worked to eliminate lead, and non-drops in countries that still use large amounts of lead today.

Correlation does not equal causation. 




 Corporations spend billions of dollars on advertising, employing countless PhDs and using large quantities of focus groups and studies to determine the best gimmicks to deceive and/or to manipulate customers/consumers.

Do you think this double entendre is an accident?

Nope, it's just a clever ruse to generate sales and corporate profits. 
























 With gay issues largely eliminated by the recent Supreme Court decision, the 2 parties that rule the US have to preserve *some* [wedge issues](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wedge_issue), right?

If not, people might notice that *both* of our ruling parties are war-loving, civil liberties-stomping, pro-corporate, right-of-center capitalist political parties who don't give a rat's ass about average or poor Americans. 




 Is this surprising? This is the "[Starve the Beast](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Starve_the_beast)" strategy. It's been advocated and used by the far right to privatize/corporatize government for decades. They're now doing the same thing to public education.

From the point of view of capitalists, public ownership of anything is an error; why have publicly-owned services/institutions when you can have privately-owned for-profit corporations?

 "Theres class warfare, all right, but its my class, the rich class, thats making war, and were winning." -- Warren Buffett, the 2nd richest man in the world. 




  So what about Sanders? 

I hope he does well. He's clearly superior to any of the other Republicans or Democrats running.

But with that said, there's not a snowball's chance in hell that Sanders will win the Democratic nomination. Once upon a time, Sanders was a sort of socialist. Today he's nothing more than an old-school 60s-style liberal.

The rich people who fund the Democratic Party will simply not allow such a candidate to be nominated. The Democrats tolerate Sanders now because they'll use him to rope in gullible progressives and young people into supporting the Democrats. Then 1/3 or 1/2 way through the primaries, the big corporate money will roll in and they'll choose Hillary or some other Democrat that will push their wars and pro-corporate, neo-liberal agenda.

By the time the actual Democratic nominee runs against the Republican nominee, Sanders' rhetoric and whatever influence he had on the Democratic nominee during the primaries will be forgotten. Those gullible young people and progressives will then be expected to hold their nose and to vote for the pro-corporate Democratic "lesser evil" and try to forget that they're still voting for evil.

That's the way our 2-party dictatorship works. 




 Well, if that winds up to be true, it's time to dump Iceweasel too. 




 To answer your question, I don't know. But I do know there were protests by some Texans to the crimes committed by Bush.

Increasingly, on issues of militarism, the surveillance state and foreign policy in general, more and more Americans are seeing that there's not a dime's worth of difference between Republicans and Democrats. They're both war-loving parties aggressively advocating further expansion of the American empire, no matter how much it impoverishes the American people. 




 An incoherent cartoon.

The first 5 panels should be huge anvils, larger anvils than in the 6th panel.

The cartoon is propaganda because at no time did the EU/Troika intend on rescuing Greece. The 6th panel is accurate because Tsipras sold out and went against the will of the Greek people and finally accepted the EU/Troika's austerity (albeit in a slightly smaller form).

 




 It should not be surprising that Russia is responding to the US' aggression and low-level warfare.

The Nat'l Endowment for Democracy[sic] is nothing more than a US government front corporation used to fund dissidents in targeted countries and to destabilize them. Every country on the planet should kick the NED out if they actually want to claim to be and remain sovereign.

The question I have for the other corporations that Russia intends on kicking out is if they receive $0.01 of money from the US government. If so, then it's a no-brainer that they should be kicked out too. So-called NGOs that receive government money are simply not *N*GOs. 




 Ahh, the old conspiracy smear.

Do you deny that the US government lies like I said above? Do you deny that they have committed unapologetic torture as a national policy and now refuse to enforce the laws and int'l treaty and to prosecute the criminals?

It's absolutely stupid to take the government's word about military and geo-political matters -- stupid!

Again, Texans' objections could be easily rendered moot simply by embedding reporters in the military units -- so why is the government not doing that? 




  Theyre not inviting any media to embed with the units, said Johnston, and its important for Americans to step up and look around and say, OK, what are you doing? Well, its secret. Not if its in public  its no longer secret.

Our evil government *routinely* lies to the American people and the world. We've seen they will lie to start wars, they will lie about spying/surveillance on Americans, and we've seen that our government will unapologetically commit the most heinous war crimes. Thus, it's only logical for people to be suspicious of these military exercises.

 In this hysterical climate  and given a lack of detail from the army  outlandish claims have proliferated.

That's not surprising, is it?

The government could easily blow away these outlandish claims by embedding journalists with the military units doing the training. The fact that the government is not doing this *should* raise suspicions. 




 Iceweasel. The current "stable" version of Debian's Iceweasel does not have pocket in it, and I would be shocked if it is in any released version.

Debian's militant free-software attitude can on occasion be a PITA -- but far, far more often it's a blessing! 




 Yet another reason to dump Firefox.

Firefox was great in its time, but that time has passed and Firefox has now fallen into the category of non-free software chasing money as its top priority. 




 Parliament still has to vote on this, right?

It's time for the Greek people to rise in protest against this neo-liberal sellout and to put pressure on their parliamentary "representatives" to kill the deal no matter what Tsipras agreed to.

 Syrizas betrayal has not only landed Greece in an even more nightmarish economic position, it has generated enormous confusion in the working classa dangerous situation that will only strengthen the fascist Golden Dawn party and facilitate preparations by the military for a possible coup.

*This* is the real risk... :( 




 Fences/walls seem like a logical solution, and sometimes they have some short-term success, but their primary function is their strong emotional appeal for the wall-builders.

History screams that humans are very good at breaching walls and the wall will fail in the long term.

Just ask the Chinese how successful their wall was at keeping the Mongols out, or how successful the US' southern wall is at keeping Mexicans out. And yet this story is about a 490' test wall? Good luck with that Hungary...

 Fast fact: More people died in the *first* *year* along the US-built wall on the Mexican border than were killed in the *entire* *history* of the Berlin Wall. 




 Here's another "when" question...

We've seen Reddit's corporate response about censorship (even though the corporation has changed figureheads).

With the rampant, routine censorship that happens on Reddit -- *especially* on the very popular sub-reddits (news, politics, worldnews, etc.) -- censorship that has a clear pro-US/pro-western slant, how long before we can admit that this is far more than just a problem of a few rogue "moderators"?

One would think that the entire upvote/downvote system would be the "censorship", with moderators doing little more than killing overt spam.

But that is not the case -- instead the moderators are actively twisting rules to outright censor articles based on political views, all while Reddit claims ignorance and blames things on the "liberty" of the moderators and uses a "freedom excuse" of "just go start your own sub-reddit". 




 How long before we can openly admit that, just like the fact that we have used Muslim fundamentalists as US proxy soldiers for decades, the US is behind ISIS and is merely using ISIS for short-term geo-political purposes?

Can we admit the obvious now? Or do we have to wait a few years until Time or the NYT "breaks the story" long after it no longer is important? 









  While the U.S. waged a war in Vietnam 50 years ago with 2.7 million men conscripted from every segment of society, less than one-half of 1% of the U.S. population is in the armed services today  the lowest rate since World War II.

We should be clear about why this happened.

We no longer have a military made up of a rough cross-cut of citizens of the country. Today we have a form of Praetorian Guard -- an elite, privileged military force with little relationship to the country the military claims to serve.

The US government ran into *heavy* opposition to its immoral war on Vietnam. We all know about the anti-war protests here in the US, but in the actual military itself anti-war resistance was *huge*. This included not only the killing of gung-ho officers by US soldiers ("[fragging](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fragging)"), but all sorts of other resistance. The situation became so bad that in 1971 the Pentagon counted 503,926 "incidents of desertion" since 1966 and reckoned that more than half of US ground forces in Vietnam openly opposed the war.

Think about that -- *half* of the (mostly conscripted) US soldiers in a war zone *openly* opposed the war. That's an astonishing fact and clearly hints at a possible mass rebellion. (The documentary "[Sir! No Sir!](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0469589/)" on this topic is *definitely* worth watching.)

So what was the solution?

The Pentagon chose to adopt the exact same strategy/tactic used by the British Empire -- the "professional" army. This was openly and candidly discussed in military journals of the immediate post-Vietnam era.

So the US abandoned the draft of its citizens, increased military pay a bit, started massive advertising campaigns, and created a volunteer military.

The volunteer military is more expensive, but it yields two distinct advantages to our war-loving politicians:

* The first is that the soldiers volunteer for their duty. This means the military can easily squelch most dissent in the military simply by reminding soldiers that they volunteered.

* It means that fighting unpopular wars does not generate anywhere near as much public opposition as is generated by fighting wars with an army of conscripts. (And today we have the unending wars and experience to prove this!)

These are huge advantages. And they avoid some of the "problems" of an army of conscripted citizens.

For example, when the Egyptian people revolted against their US-backed dictator, we saw the disadvantage (or *advantage*?) of an army of conscripts -- the soldiers refused to fire on the peaceful protesters and the dictator fell from power. Later, when the US-backed/armed/funded Egyptian military overthrew their new elected government, the military had to use special elite units who would follow orders to slaughter the civilian supporters of the elected government to enact a reign of terror on the civilian population.

One problem of the imperial "professional" army is lightly touched on by this article: the military is far more distant from the people/country it claims to be "serving".

We see this happening today in the US. People give faux polite deference to the military and its soldiers, but we really don't care what those soldiers are going through. This is only common sense, since deep down many Americans know that the sacrifices of US soldiers have nothing to do with serving our country, but the military instead functions in reality to seize markets, complete corporate conquests and to wage imperial struggles decided by our out-of-touch political class.

The sad thing is that we know where this all leads. Anyone familiar with the history of the Roman Empire should know about the deteriorating republic, the economic decline, and the rise of rampant militarism followed by the seizing of power by tyrants.

But of course, we're a "exceptional" country. We're immune to history and human nature -- right? Right?

 "I spent 33 years and four months in active military service and during that period I spent most of my time as a high class thug for Big Business, for Wall Street and the bankers. In short, I was a racketeer, a gangster for capitalism." -- USMC Maj. Gen. Smedley Butler, winner of 2 Congressional Medals of Honor. 




 Are you aware that this story is about Yemen, which is quite a distance from Palestine? 




 One has to laugh at the embedded propaganda in this article.

For example, if Thailand was doing something the US approved of, there is no way the author/editors would have called the Thai government a "military junta". 




 Greece is officially not a sovereign country, and the Greek people know that it is certainly no "democracy" where the will of the people count.

Instead, Greece is ruled by unelected capitalists.

Tsipras should resign in disgrace, and if not, the Greek people should riot until he flees office. 




 Doesn't selling tainted heroin directly and negatively impact other people? Thus, your analogy is highly flawed.

Greedy capitalists have imported foreign labor for well over a century to make themselves richer. Today greedy employers eagerly seek out and employ undocumented workers to maximize their profits, and they are literally breaking the law when they do that.

But yet rather than prosecute the rich heads of these criminal enterprises, our corrupt government instead go after the "little people" who are just seeking to work, take care of their families, and to improve their lives.

We see this over and over again with our corporate-controlled government -- the rich are blessed and are essentially untouchable, and the poor are persecuted and oppressed.

Another example of this is the recent financial/housing implosion and crimes. Banksters committed massive frauds, almost destroyed the entire country's financial system, crimes that resulted in sinking our economy into a deep recession and causing *millions* of Americans to lose their homes.

But yet what do we see? We see simple class warfare at work.

We see our corrupt attorney general cutting backroom deals with criminal banks. No banksters go to prison for their massive frauds and the anti-trust laws are ignored and not enforced. And recently, the corrupt attorney general gets his payoff -- by taking a high-paying position with a law firm representing the criminal banks that he worked to protect. Again, just another example of our corrupt government refusing to enforce the laws against the rich and instead allowing poor people to be screwed.

You can call it "justice" to persecute some immigrant seeking to work to take care of his family, while ignoring the big-time criminals who are exploiting that immigrant. But do not expect others to swallow this warped view of how our country works.

 "Theres class warfare, all right, but its my class, the rich class, thats making war, and were winning." -- Warren Buffett, the 2nd richest man in the world. 




 We're a capitalist society and worship greed and our economy.

The NGOs aren't really cashing in, it's more like they're making their jobs permanent and ensuring continuing funding for their corporations.

 "Bureaucracy defends the status quo long past the time when the quo has lost its status." -- Laurence J. Peter. 




 It doesn't matter what the law says the penalty is about hiring undocumented immigrants -- like our anti-trust laws, our corporate-controlled government simply refuses to enforce the law. Hell, in some cases the US government actually warns the corporation/employer in advance (so they can clean up their act and get their books in order) and then sweeps in to arrest the undocumented workers who are just trying to work and take care of their families.

That's what we're supposed to call "justice" here in the "land of the free".

 "All the props of a democracy remain intact - elections, legislatures, media - but they predominantly function at the service of the oligarchy."  Richard Wolff 




 But why bother to clone the dinos -- haven't you seen Jurassic Park and learned they're fraught with problems?

[There's an easier solution...](http://imgur.com/gallery/x85F3gU) 




 NPR: National Propaganda Radio. 




 Or perhaps the lesson should be that the apartheid regime should stop its ethnic cleansing/land thefts and follow international law and withdraw from the territories it seized in a war of aggression in 1967 and illegally occupies to this very day? 




 Two reasons immediately come to mind:

* Nationalistic indoctrination. We're indoctrinated to be skeptical about "conspiracy theories" and anything that is highly critical of the US government. This nationalistic indoctrination starts when we're young and comes at us in a gazillion ways, some overt and many subtle.

* The fact that the rich people that own the US corporate mass media^1 who are under-reporting this story are the same people who control *both* of the political parties that rule the US, and the same people who profit from US wars and control our economy.

Footnote: 1 -- Note that this article is from a British newspaper, not an American one. While I have no doubt the NYT probably reported this story, the NYT will both bury the story on its inside pages, spin the story and put the essential/damning facts at the *end* of the article where few will read them. Those are typical ways the US corporate mass media under-reports or "buries" a story. 




  There are good journalists and journalism you know.

Sure, there are good journalists. But every single human on the planet has varying levels of bias -- it's inherent to us and the way our brains work. Just something as simple as our core values introduce bias. And these biases result in varying amounts of spin in the writing of journalists.

I see The Economist as a magazine that typically puts a pro-capitalist and pro-western subtle spin on its articles. You might see it differently.

Either way, facts don't lie. We need to take the time to think, be skeptical, and to separate spin, nationalism and bias from the facts, and to then analyze only the facts reflected against our own core values. 




  If it was as simple as making it free, there wouldn't have been so few people attending college during the 60s and 70s.

Remember the times. Then the gap between the rich and poor was much, *much* less than it is now -- thus, a college education was less important. Also, good-paying, lifetime manufacturing and blue-collar jobs were in abundance -- again, a college education was less important.

Also, colleges and universities then had semi-hard requirements for entrance; a stark contrast to today where colleges basically will enroll anyone with a pulse and a HS diploma.

 Costs didn't start to explode until universities became heavily subsidized and more people could afford to go. 

It's more than that. Colleges have *always* been heavily subsidized.

The student loan/debt peonage system completely divorced tuition costs from economic reality, thus allowing colleges to go hog wild with new buildings and frills that are barely related to education.

The debt peonage system is banksterism gone wild.

For example, when I was a tenure track college professor I was shocked at what happened to the grading system. The "D" grade was essentially eliminated, and I had to have a very, very, very good reason for flunking a student. The reason? Because financial aid and student loans required a "C" average. The college (and I saw this at multiple schools) was simply shifting the academic standards to match where the money was coming from -- non-profit does *not* mean "immune to financial incentives/realities".

Watching clueless young college students get cash "kickbacks" from the student loans they were taking out was simply disgusting to me. They had no clue as to what they were getting themselves into. Dirt poor -- but rich in student loans -- working-class students paying outrageous costs for off-campus apartments, going on Caribbean vacations, and other similar luxuries simply made no economic sense in any sane world.

But that is the reality of the debt peonage system that our corrupt government created. And instead of changing or "reforming" the immoral system, instead the government expanded student loans to include *for-profit* colleges! Corruption and private profit: it's capitalism's way!

 "Students who acquire large debts putting themselves through school are unlikely to think about changing society. When you trap people in a system of debt they can't afford the time to think. Tuition fee increases are a disciplinary technique, and by the time students graduate, they are not only laded with debt, but have also internalized the disciplinarian culture. This makes them efficient components of the consumer economy." -- Noam Chomsky. 




 The Germans *have* *to* humiliate and punish Greece. They have to set an example for countries like Italy and Spain, which also chafe and gripe at the austerity inflicted on them by their German banker overlords.

The entire Euro system is an abomination. It gives capitalists and banksters massive power and authority, but the common people are not represented in any real way. For those reasons, the Euro is undemocratic and we should be hoping the entire system collapses. 




 Good! Putin's position is right. It is absurd to the point of insanity that if India wants to trade with Brazil that the trade has to be done in US dollars.

That's not independence; that's not sovereignty. That is the US having a de facto financial empire. 




 It's amazing that our mass media describes Tsipras as a "leftist."

Just nationalize the banks -- problem solved.

 "I believe that banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies...The issuing power should be taken from the banks and restored to the Government, to whom it properly belongs." -- Thomas Jefferson. 




  Why did Obama honor that when the generals on the ground told him it's not safe?

Because to violate that *agreement* would have clearly shown that the US is a pariah, outlaw state that treacherously breaks international agreements. We are that, of course, but for Obama to break that agreement would have *screamed* that fact aloud, screamed it so loudly and so plainly that no moral/honest person could argue otherwise.

Obama wisely decided to cut his losses and to abandon our immoral war of aggression. No big deal, it just meant losing another war; we've had quite a few such losses.

 Yeah, he should've ignored that contract, that's what a good leader would do

Do you not have a shred of honor, truthfulness, morality or justice?

The only "good leader" that did such things was named "Hitler" and he is considered to be the literal epitome of evil.

 "If certain acts of violation of treaties are crimes, they are crimes whether the United States does them or whether Germany does them, and we are not prepared to lay down a rule of criminal conduct against others which we would not be willing to have invoked against us." -- Justice Robert Jackson, Chief of Counsel for the United States at the post-WWII Nuremberg War Crimes Trials, and later US Supreme Court justice. 




 I asked a simple question that could be answered with either "yes" or "no".

Instead of answering the question, you ignored it and went on to claim people opposed to the war are an "extreme minority".

That is lying propaganda. Even CNN had to admit 2 years ago that the "[Afghanistan war arguably most unpopular in U.S. history](http://politicalticker.blogs.cnn.com/2013/12/30/cnn-poll-afghanistan-war-most-unpopular-in-u-s-history/)."

The rich people who fund and control both of our ruling political parties have not learned a damned thing from losing the wars in Vietnam or Iraq. Rather than cutting our losses, declaring "victory" and leaving the disasters we deliberately created, our government is continuing to run up debt (largely to China and Japan), to saddle our children and grandchildren with more taxes and debt, and to impoverish the country.

Extreme minority my ass. We just don't see the views of the American people reflected in the corporate mass media's news reporting. Considering that the rich people who control our political parties and fund our politicians are the same rich people who own the mass media, this is hardly surprising.

Have a nice day.

 "Of all the enemies to public liberty, war is perhaps the most to be dreaded, because it comprises and develops the germ of every other. War is the parent of armies; from these proceed debts and taxes...known instruments for bringing the many under the domination of the few...No nation could preserve its freedom in the midst of continual warfare." -- James Madison, Political Observations, 1795. 




  Lol yep we should have just said oh too bad!

   Well, that's your suggestion.

   I would have publicly produced the evidence of Bin Laden's involvement (assuming we actually had evidence), and had Bin Laden tried in an international court for the whole world to see.

   Considering the fact that Russia was critical for years in allowing NATO to supply our troops in Afghanistan (especially during the time Pakistan refused to allow US/NATO supplies across Pakistan), it is highly likely that the Russians would have supported an international force under UN auspices to go into Afghanistan to deal with our former Muslim fundamentalist allies.

   But we did not do that. We decided to invade multiple countries and bankrupt ourselves.

 Thank fucking God people like you weren't in power on 9/11.

   Are you saying that turning the entire Middle East into a feuding hellhole, invading Afghanistan and causing allies like Italy to leave the country in disgust with the US, *wasting* thousands of American lives, *countless* Afghani and Iraqi lives, and wasting *trillions* of dollars on fruitless wars of aggression was actually a *smart* move?

   Those wars you celebrate have ruined our economy, have impoverished the American people and have shat whatever moral high ground we had down the toilet. Today the people of planet earth [see the US as the #1 threat to world peace](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/01/02/greatest-threat-world-peace-country_n_4531824.html).

   This should cause one to ask who are the *real* "patriots" and who are the *real* "anti-Americans".

 "In the future, I want my children to grow up with the belief that what I did here was wrong, in a society that doesn't deem that idea unpatriotic." -- 22 year old US Marine Alex Horton. 




  Can anyone explain this to me? 

Sure. It's the same dynamic of people citing the BBC, PBS, NPR, Voice of America, the CBC or any other state-sponsored media outlet.

*Every* media source applies spin. Some spin is overt, easy to spot and it raises our red flags (e.g. FOX News). Other spin is very subtle, seemingly objective, it bypasses our defenses and it is much harder to spot (e.g. NPR or the BBC). But the fact remains that *all* media sources apply spin.

RT is quite open about their spin -- bluntly saying they report news from the "Russian perspective". RT runs commercials using John Kerry's statement about RT being a "propaganda bullhorn" to highlight their bias.

We'd be a god-damned fool to assume that PBS or the CBC does not similarly spin news and report the news from the perspective of the governments that are funding them -- fools.

With that said, the issue becomes this: Separate the spin from the facts. Then ask yourself if the facts are true or if the media source is *lying.* 




  What if we started our own conference for our community on reddit or our own light political group?

A conference oriented around a for-profit corporation based on advertising.

Hmm...

Wouldn't it be better to work organizing your friends and neighbors in your real-life city, and working with other existing socialist/leftist groups? Wouldn't that have far more potential for *real-life* political impact and change?

Reddit might be fine for the moral support of a "choir", but online activism is essentially a diversion with little or no political impact.

 We could have the mixed democratic grouping of left perspectives that the American left has never had.

In the hey-day of the US Socialist Party, Eugene Debs got 6% of the vote of the American people in one election. Then came WWI and following the war the "Red Scare" and suppression of the Socialist Party, including everything from imprisoning socialists to American Legion goons burning down party headquarters in some cities.

Perhaps your first task is to get familiar with actual US history...

 American history to be proud of: On Christmas of 1971, Vietnam Veterans Against the War seized the Statue of Liberty for 48 hours and draped it with a banner demanding "Bring our Brothers Home." 
























