 The house that bad storytelling built.  




 Nicholson's Wolf, he gets turned in Vermont. 

I Am Legend the last human city is in Vermont. 

The Shining, Nicholson had worked in Vermont (I might have the detail wrong on this one). 

Those are some less obvious ones. Of course there's the Bob Newhart show and Me Myself and Irene.  




 Heh. I do SEO and reputation management for a living, and have been watching this for a while now. I advice clients on how to handle these things, and it was a good move. Of course my advice also includes to be more humble, transparent, and honest in communication. I wonder if he got that message too.  




 This looks really fricken cool. Anybody know anything about Kupa? I've never heard if them 




 There's a post to r/tablets about one by Kupa that fits your description. Great stats including 8gb of RAM, removable battery, and modules to add other items. 

 




 I'm wishing the best for you.  




 Cluster headaches. 

Fuck that shit.  




 This.  




 Sorry to hear about your struggles. Sounds like you have a lot on your mind currently. Make sure you are doing something good for yourself.  




 My marriage is falling apart. 

But really looking forward to the next Star Trek! 




 I'm not in front of my computer, so this is from my failing memory. You have to click browse (or something like that) where it allows you to search for either games in progress or lobbies. At that point there's an option to open a new lobby. 

Hope that helps.  




 When in the lobby as the leader, edit settings and change server to local.  




 Worst dialogue ever, that's why.  




 Minor detail.  




 Can you post link when done? I'm at ikea now so can't watch yet.  




 Can't argue with that.  




 It's kinda like saying you worship Christ, but Satan is your second god.  




 Hey I do too! It'll be nice to see all the Patriots fans squirming in their seats at work. They always seem to feel their the only team that deserves to win. I'm sure they will be blaming the refs. 

 




 We saw butt fumble, now we have the ref tackle.  




 My understanding is heat death is like the Big Crunch (opposite of Big Bang) and cold death is when energy speeds to far for significant heat, thus freezing everything. 

Mr Nye? 




 Tom, is that you? 




 I believe that the leading theory is that the universe will either end with cold death, or it will continue as-is, and heat death has been eliminated as a possibility.  




 Fuck the Patriots.  




 Just change one letter, be project herpes.  




 Use Firefox, search for a YouTube downloader in the add-on section.  




 I live in New England. I started watching football when Marino was the man and took the team to the Super Bowl. Watching him was a lot of fun, and became a fan. I was about 9 years old.  




 Super good movie.  




 It doesn't hurt me.  Have I finally found my super power? 




 I third this. We should shoot for quality.  




 So the empty seats look nicer on TV.  




 I see what you did there.  




 He's never had a top defense. He's over rated.  




 I'll check out superuser, thanks. ID rather not go through all the re-encoding hassle for this many films though.  




 Thanks, I'll check the codecs. I have a feeling those are fine as it starts to play often then just stops, but I'll see. Good to know yours works. What do you use to rip blu-rays? 




 I have the first Asus Transformer, but it won't play, or crashes, when I try to play some of the larger movie files I have (1.5 - 4gb, generally .mp4), which are obviously often HD.

What tablet specs should I look for in determining if it can play these files? Any specific recommendations?

Thanks Reddit!
Endif 




 Are you forgetting about the Fourth Kind? 




 I consider it horror, and definitely my favorite. 

Also like The Ring, and Blair Witch Project.  




 Too bad. I think the series could be a lot of fun with a better director.  




 I don't want to be an Ireland defender, but let me give it a shot.

McCown was 2008, which Parcells was in charge of. Feel free to disagree, but if we are going to evaluate Ireland I feel like the last 2 years are the ones to look at.

When I look at last year's draft, I think it may end up being one of the best that any team had in 2012, especially considering rookie free agents.

Here's why. Our picks:
1st Round  Ryan Tannehill (QB, Texas A M)
2nd Round  Jonathan Martin (OT, Stanford)
3rd Round  Olivier Vernon (DE, Miami)
3rd Round  Michael Egnew (TE, Missouri)
4th Round  Lamar Miller (RB, Miami)
5th Round  Josh Kaddu (OLB, Oregon)
6th Round  B.J. Cunningham (WR, Michigan State)
7th Round  Kheeston Randall (DL, Texas)
7th Round  Rishard Matthews (WR, Nevada)

So we had 4 draft picks as solid contributors this year (Tannehill, Martin, Vernon, Miller). That looks pretty good!

Add Lane and Thigpen and that's 6 solid rookie players in one off-season.

I think you will be hard pressed to find many teams that got 6 starters from the draft. If I compare this draft to an Ozzie Newsome one, who I think is great, the Ravens best draft may have been 2008 where they got Joe Flacco, Ray Rice, and Tom Zbikowski (now with the Colts). That's 3 players out of 10 picks. I don't know who their rookie free agents were, but we know those are rare anyway. The rest of the Ravens picks aren't even on their team anymore, just Flacco and Rice. Two important pieces and that's a successful draft.

I guess what I'm saying is that I think Ireland has become the fall guy, and people have really high expectations in a draft (most guys don't work out, just a fact). I wanted Ireland fired after 2011, but the more I thought about it, the more I feel he really does deserve to continue. Parcells is the guy we should be mad at, he didn't pick a good coach or QB, so we were doomed. Now Ireland is in charge, and so far so good. Let's just hope it continues.

Anyway, agree to disagree I guess.  




 Lol, decaf!

You just said he sucked the whole time, so what do you expect in return? A second rounder for a guy you readily admit sucked (your word) sounds like we got the better end of the deal.  I'll take that deal every day. 

And I haven't down voted any of your posts or comments (that i am aware of) and am willing to make that public to prove it. 

Deep breath now!

 




 Blocked in US.  




 I'm still happy with the trade. A 2nd rounder is good.  




 She's a girl. Even if a reason were given it would be impossible to truly understand. And in typical female fashion, she kills you for not understanding. 

You must not be married for asking such a question.  




 I'm pretty sure that's Fred Savage.  




 No. Think players, not plays.  




 Food court seman surprise.  




 The Virgin Mary. 

 




 Serenity now! 




 Fuck the Jets.  




 Agreed. The drafts Parcells lead sucked, Ireland hasn't done poorly, deserves to continue. Change there now would be bad.  




 Damn you Binns! 




 Cause fuck you fist pumper.  









 I'm still watching. Hate not watching.  




 Fuck the scheduler! Fuck his wife! Fuck his daughter! 




 Boobs are never wrong.  




 Looks like tannehill's wearing a goddamn parka.  




 While we're at it let's fuck his wife too.  




 Agreed that this one is better.  




 Totally agree. Look at the stands of the away games and you'll see teal 13s throughout. 

We are here. 
We are hungry. 
We are not all in Miami. 
We are not all willing to spend hundreds to see a game until you prove we will consistently have a shot at winning.  




 It's going to be a tough year. We better be ready.  




 Whatever...

GIRLY MAN! 




 I thought he did well for his first game, but not like I concentrated on him. 

Smith, Marshall, and him...then add a rook and our secondary may be decent. 

Honestly, with even a slightly better secondary we may have made the playoffs this year, they were burned repeatedly.  




 For me it's the tail that makes it look like a whale. It isn't terrible, but needs some tweaking.  




 A moment of revelation. An exciting discovery. The urge to share.  









 gone. 




 There's a sequel too.  














 well that was easy. got it set up in just a couple minutes. thanks! 




 It looks like it does support dynamic dns, but only from one provider and there is an associated cost.

Do you know of a free script? The IP sometimes changes during the day, so one that would email every time that happens would be awesome.

Thanks,
Endif 




 Hi Reddit techsupport,

Here's the challenge I've got. I occasionally connect to my home laptop from my iphone using VNC when I'm at work, so obviously I need to know my home laptop's IP address. 

Unfortunately, my crappy backwoods DSL connection occasionally restarts, and then I get a new IP.

Is there any way to set something up so I always know my home laptop's IP, even when not there?

Appreciate any assistance.
Endif

home laptop:
Sager; Windows 7 









 I Am Legend HD 




 I don't believe that I bought a 5gb hard drive in 1998 for $500. I'm so stupid, if I just waited I could have gotten a 500gb for $60. 

Buying computer parts has ruined my life.  




 I just ripped a couple films. Worked well, and easy. Quality is acceptable.  




 My condolences.  




 Old thread but thought I'd comment. 

As someone with a lot of hours, it's a very strategic game that can be ruined by inexperienced players. I'm not a fan of kicking, however, if you don't communicate and try to follow instructions you probably will be kicked. But it does depend on who you are playing with. Tell people you are new and listening, they should give you a chance.  
























 Thanks for the tips. You are all awesome. 




 I assumed if they had milkshakes they would be tiny and pricey? True fact? 




 And don't say a fast food place like McDonald's.

I'm craving... 




 Do you think this might rebound in the future? Is it worth holding if you stepped away and came back to see 50% hit? 




 Still in AVEO? Target PPS? 




 In that case we would have this thread all over again.  




 To each their own. I find these movies unwatchable.  




 Yeah, to say he didn't get over the courting of Harbaugh is juvenile and shows he doesn't take responsibility for his portion. 

Not saying Sparano was a great couch, just saying Ross should not have tried to hire a guy for a filled position. 




 Miami has 104, 106, 109 tomorrow. fast and furious.

they got 106 and 109 for their 2nd 3rd round pick. 




 any idea what we got? 




 I think it's coming up
...

shit actually don't know. 




 I love Incognito. I'd like to see him and Rex in the octagon. I'd pay good money for that. 




 I'm drunk, so there's that.

Mayock likes him. 




 Well there's a tackle. I don't know shit about him, but 2nd rounder he must be decent. 




 He's their best player at this point. 




 If Geno Smith or Tebow start you will still have your chance. 









 but they aren't smart...so...starting QB week 1...Jamarcus Russell.

Write it down. 




 eh, not worth the time. 




 seriously, don't help him! 




 that would be as good as a wet dream.

Sanchez, Tebow, Garrard, Smith...let's see what a complete fuckmess they can make this team 




 and I would have deserved it. 




 Mike Mayock looks disgusted on NFL Network :)

Asked about who is started QB week 1 he said "I have no idea what's going on". When a guy that good at what he does says that...it's good to be a Fins fan! 




 First, I hate the fucking Jets. But I'm starting to feel sorry for some of their players, like Geno. Damn they are fucked. Can a team lose 20 games in a year? 




 nuff said. 




 I have a friend who can't seem to get movies on his One. He plugs it into his computer and copy/pastes to the movies folder and then a message comes up that it's "converting". The battery (even though it's plugged in) drains before it finishes (about 2gb mp4).

First, why converting?

Second, the transfer should not take hours.

Anyone else tried to put a movie on? 




 and the jets didn't get better. trade revis for milliner...yeah, not better. 




 What a terrible movie description. 




 we got a deal 




 the giants won superbowls because of great pass rush 




 love it. crush brady. I know everyone wants secondary or OT, but a great pass rush can mask a weak secondary (though i'd say our secondary is slightly improved), and if we're quick to get rid of the ball our offense will be fine.

oh, and fuck the jets. 









 too bad, want to see it. 




 Reload damnit! 




 Factor in the cost of Internet access. With cable you are paying for that access as well, so netflix is a bit more expensive to you than just their fee.  




 Every down vote from a jets fan is a badge of honor. 

Keep 'em coming you low-life fucktards! 




 You heard the man, to the boobs! 




 First post? Check. 
Female? Check. 
Hawk? Check. 

To the front page... 




 Awesome, thank you! Seems likely enough! 









 Amazon Instant Video tops my list.  




 Any one else notice the influx of "church planters" the past 5 years? I have met a few that moved here recently to start churches and neighborhood prayer groups. Literally, that's what they moved here for, with their families, and no jobs...just took whatever job they could get. 

Things like that can end up upsetting a community. Let's hope we stay open.  




 Add me: Endif

I've played survival in the past, mostly scavange now. Play mostly at 9pm eastern.  




 Figures ...

I appreciate the info though, probably saved me some cash. 
 




 I have not tried that (wasn't slow from the "get-go"). Have you found that to be helpful? 




 The Nexus 10 is more than twice as much ($250 vs. $560 for the 32gb). Otherwise I'd make the jump. I'd like something more affordable with a great screen that won't shit the bed in a few months like the first Asus Transformer (still works but is just about as slow as you can get). 




 It seems like this is a great tablet from the specs, the only shortcoming being the 8gb of storage, though it accepts microsd cards for more.

I'm looking for a tablet with a great display for primarily watching movies, and I want access to the Play store (hence not the Kindle), though I will likely only install a few apps. Is there something I'm missing with this one? Seems super cheap.

Stats from Amazon and link for reference:
- Super HD definition with up to 2048 x 1536 pixels resolution
- 9.7" capacitive 10x multitouch capacitive IPS display
- Google certified with full access to the Google Play Store and its 700.000 apps to download
- Aluminium back casing
    Front and back cameras with autofocus mode (2   5 MP)

http://www.amazon.com/Archos-Titanium-Tablet-Android-Storage/dp/B00B0C8UOU/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1364297943 sr=8-1 keywords=archos+97+titanium+hd 




 the 3d makes this messed up. 




 Nope, false alarm.  




 I need to give it time...let it sink in.  




 They will be so bad they find a way to go 0-20 




 When he fucks Giselle he thinks about Wes. You know it's true.  




 Yeah, he'll really help the Pats for 8 games next year.  




 Thanks for the context. Love Philbin so far! 




 I'm lost. What is this in reference to?  




 Overthrowing isn't always the quarterback's fault. I've seen plenty of passes by Big Ben where he just heaved the ball and Wallace just ran to get it. 

The Dolphins didn't have a guy who could do that before.  




 Agreed. That's the worst ting about the movies subreddit.  




 The answer is 'no'. 

It's what everyone wants but will never be provided. Oh the ability to just buy a movie and watch it on any device and without an Internet connection! What a dream!

This is why people still download illegally. It is literally easier to steal the content than to pay for it. Major content providers may never learn.  




 Nice, thanks! 




 Anyone have links to videos of "pros" playing Scavange? In games I occasionally hear people talk about them but have yet to find any online.  




 Have you tried changing your aliases? 




 Acting sure doesn't look like much fun anymore.  




 Smoke. 

Weapon. 

Flying debris. 

Yep, poster for action flick! 




 I did this. I'm ashamed of myself now :( 




 All Star Wars. 

All Lord of the Rings. 

All Kill Bill. 

Bring on the down votes.  




 This.  




 Came to see the girlfriend. Was not disappoint.  




 That list is laughable. Don't quit your day job! 




 I've been reading comments, and it's interesting to read other perspectives. 

I admit I could be wrong (time will tell) but I don't see the pistol as a fad. I never thought the wildcat would last, and it hasn't, but the pistol is a much different threat and harder to defend. With the pistol you actually have someone who can throw the ball involved, rather than a Ronnie Brown who didn't offer much threat there. 

If I were to select an offense, I wouldn't utilize the pistol much for the same reason others said, injuries. RG3 is amazing, but I think his career will be limited by injuries. Wilson and Kaper might hold up better though. 

We'll see! 




 Sure, not exactly their offense but it sure has helped other teams (WAS, SEA, SF). Does Tanney have what it takes?  




 49ers because for some reason Ray Lewis gets an absolute free pass for possibly murdering someone. He's talked about like a god and no commentators bring this up. He can choke on a dick. 

Fuck the Jets.  




 Looks like nothing but black screen.  




 I have that same calendar. I hate to say it, but that calendar reinforced to me how depleted our roster is (I blame Parcells). 

Also, why the hell is Vontae Davis in the calendar when he left before September? They didn't keep track of trades before the season! 




 It's photos like this that make me feel we have totally lost our minds.  




 "If you find pussy for less anywhere else...fuck it."

For my pimp interview.  




 Curious about this too, especially since it's also a Kubrick film. 




 And ours played better this year.  




 10 million?  He's shooting high as a negotiation tactic. Like the guy, but he just isn't worth it.  




 And cover the shit with pennies.  
























