 Agreed!  Don't smoke the dips, smoke (some cold some hot, depends on the ingredient) the ingredients.  I also recommend pairing smoked queso with a good vienna style lager 




 Very fun x-mas album, big fan now! 




 Who is this???? 




 I believe my immediate words, out loud, were, "Holy Shit" 




 Awesome, thanks for the reference, best one so far,  once the paycheck comes in it's ordered.  And yeah, I'm looking for some help in my area, I've posted on craigslist and other subs to find a work out buddy, all my frends are industry people and I"m kind of on a 8-6 schedule 




 thanks 




 I want to start lifting, but not very familiar with proper form and safety.  Does anyone have tips, guidelines, or any good (preferably free) resources online.  I have a very physical job in a brewery and figured I might as well bulk up to make work easier as well as other things 




 So I really want to bulk up and get big.  Would like someone I can rely on as a spotter who has some experience power lifting.  I'm starting out at level 1 so I need someone who's patient.  I want a motiator and not a douchey gym rat.  I work at a brewery and have 3 very clear goal.

1)  Make my life lifting and moving kegs a lot easier

2)  Throw a shot put A LOT further.

3)  Make my cheating ex girlfriend sorry she left me for a stoner who works the register at a fast food joint.

I have a 24 hour fitness membership and will be working out probably after or around 8pm.  I'm motivated and committed but not knowledgeable in lifting, safety, form, all that good stuff.  If you're looking for a work out buddy, hit me up. 




 price? 




 I recommend skinning it.  Best to use a very sharp knife, about 6-8 inches long, take your time, go slow, you should be ok 




 best place for the top line for your beard is where the top of your ear actually meets your head 




 Go For the Gibson! 




 trim it short with an electric trimmer.  Keep staight, clean lines with a good straight edge razor, some even have a single blad on the reverse side for precise lines, that will give you a good groomed 5 o'clock look 




 I've had good experiences with Wahl Hair trimmers.  I've bought cheap trimmers before and it seems like they pull hair more than clip it, in my experience, you get what you pay for. 




 6 days a weeks I just wash it in the shower with soap with the rest of my face.  Saturday mornings I have a ritual of shampooing and conditioning with American Crew, it leaves it very soft,  I have a more curly facial hair type. 




 Submitting a pic of your face or chin would help, I myself and 2 1/2 months in on a full beard no trimming, feels very liberating, highly recommend it 




 So unfortunately I've been using Garnier frucetice since I was a teen because that was always what was in the house.  I've found out recently  a combination of that, and my poor diet may have possibly lead to my hair loss and may be reversable to an extent?  Anyone have info on this, or even better, a good shampoo that will promote hair regrowth???? 




 can Vitamin B and Iron help grow back lost hair??? 




 Soooooo......... should I upvote this? 




 Not a clarinet 




 yeah, the entire joke is Dwight says "tweeter" ugh sigh 




 just curious, who's your favorite Batman villain? 









 Favorite one so far, face yould have been awesome, you have a pretty smile. 









 The other gentlemen had fine beards indeed.  But you sir, got robbed. 









 Well maybe, that's just like, your opinion...  man 




 very pretty smile 




 agreed.  it's also a major plus smelling the peppermint and menthol extracts early in the morning.  Better than a cup of coffee. 




 Thanks for the tip on "training" the hairs.  I started wax just so I could get away without trimming the lower ones.  I eventually want to compete on the local market for beards and stache.  If you come up with a recipe you like please send it my way. 




 please excuse my typo's, feelin lazy 




 I'll have to give it a try.  I have some of their pommade and have had it for years, never had a reason to use it.  I use the american crew shampoo and conditionern on my beard once a week or before dates and my beard comes out sooooo soft 




 I'll check them out, thanks 




 Thanks, I was wondering about the American Crew pommade I've had some sitting around forever and don't have a reason to use it.  i do use their shampoo and conditioner for my beard and it comes out very, very soft. 




 I'm growing a pretty lengthy beard, with hopes in the future to compete.  My mustache is to the point to where I have to do something with it styling wise.  Are there any recommendations or waxing or styling products.  Went to CVS and picked up some Clubman's, didn't know if there were any othe rproducts worth looking at.

Also any good recommendations on good soaps or champoo's for the stache or beard? 




 Barcadia on Henderson has giant jenga (jenga with giant pieces so the tower's 4 feet tall)  good place to drink and meet people 




 Best new place: Jack Mac's Swill   Grill
Best nice but fine dinning place: Victor Tangos 




 appreciate the help, I'll check it out when it's not so hot 




 thanks, I'll check soon, when it's not 103 outside 




 I have a 6 cylinder 2006 mustang.  The alternator went out (already fixed) but we tried jumping the battery before we knew it was the alternator.  When jumping my car, my girlfriends neighbor, being the jackass he is, put the jumper cables on his battery backwards.  We were lucky in that the only thing that died was the stereo.  Anyone know what it might be, I receive no power.  If it s a fuse, which one is it? 




 really?  What kind of asshole is that kind of jerk to someone who's bummed out after they just put their dog down 




 dude, i'm just bummed out, don't be a dick 




 Dallas is not a hippie friendly city by any means 




 I Love Bunk, wait... that sounds bad. 




 You are freakin adorable 




 Don't know anyone, but I bet there's a lot of good tutorials for free (the best price) on youtube 




 and Dino's is pretty solid, best sandwich in the metroplex in my opinion 




 yeah, I'm not on that side of the Metorplex any more, but I love chilling out there when I can 




 it's just a really cool unique bar, hadn't been in a while.  I used to work there when I turned 21.  Last time I hung out there it was pretty much a hipster joint.  Good drinks, pretty good beer list, and a great jukebox.  The patio outside is great too. 




 If you're a hipster (or not but like to people watch and point and laugh at hipsters, i won't judge either way) check out the caves lounge.  Awesome lunch spot is Dino's subs, you can also go ice skating at the parks mall 




 Giant Jenga at Barcadia (knox henderson area) or at Goodfella's Pizza (Plano boardering frisco on Preston) is always fun. 




 The French Room, The Marquee Grill (used to be on the pastry team, it's awesome) Fearing's at The Ritz, Bolla at the Stoneleigh Hotel, Abacus 




 Here's a good place to order online: http://www.viennabeef.com/  I know how it feels.  I used to live in the East Village.  Have the Hot Doug's tattoo on my shin and everything.  I have not found a place yet though, but Angry Dog in Deep Ellum is supposed to be really good too. 




 So I finally dipped my toe in the soda pool.  I made a mediocre ginger ale but an awesome Basil Mint Soda.  I used active dry yeast and it worked very well.  It did make the soda's muddy with yeast biproduct though.  Anyone know how to make a clear soda or possibly the same thign with much lest yeast biproduct? 




 If you REALLY want to...  Cold smoke it, plenty of info out there as to how to cold smoke if you haven't yet, let it rest at room temp for half an hour, season it and sear it or do what you will 




 Anything off of Fishbone's "If you give  monkey a brain, he'll swear he's the center of the universe" album, Primarily 'Servitude' it's a pretty good song 




 You can do macaroons, or, you also have the key ingredient for the best park of any meringue pie. 




 It most certainly does 




 maybe not, but close, his last special that he produced on his website that he was selling downloads for sold $4.5 million, he produced himself.  I know much of that cash goes elsewhere, but without a production co. he's on the right path 




 Louis CK: Millionare at the top of his career, the new "most influential" comedian
Joe Rogan: Reinvented himself, excelling in a new career field.

Carlos Mencia:  Hosting late night infomercials selling gym equiment and workout programs.... 




 I know he pulls content off of reddit, youtube, break, ebaums and a ton other sites, that's the whole concept of the show.  It's a show that makes fun of what is on the internet.  Just sayin it's a repost of something that's aired on national television 




 Uhhhh... Tosh.0 two seasons ago? 




 just as effective, works as well, we just got it to evaporation point and lit it to burn it off quicker for efficiency sake.  Not as safe, but in a controlled environment with professionals, much quicker. 




 I tried several times in culinary school to make hollandaise, but I'd always crack under the pressure 




 Seared or grilled salmon in a tomato water broth and roasted asparagus.  If your interested send me a message. 




 Did you cook the whole thing, top to bottom?  If you did you should tail me the recipe. 




 Drugs are a bad, bad thing. 




 Combine it with enough tomato puree to make a chunky sauce, season accordingly and put over penne pasta.  It's a great "poor man's" meal. 




 Yeah, it's all flare for the table side.  The only time I've seen an actualy function for it, is if you're making a sauce with a and you want the primary flavor to be a liquor (say a tequila based sauce) and you don't want the alcohol to dominate the tongue you burn it off. but ahead of time in the kitchen 




 I only have a pump action shotgun.  It's an ok range for that, great if your shooting skeet.  Everyone I met there was nice for the most part, I wouldn't shoot range ammunition though, they carry the cheap stuff. 




 Check the big hotels, corporate hotels usually offer benefits to restaurant workers IF the restaurant is owned y the hotel, not just space leased out to the hotel.  I used to cook for Omni, it was a pretty good operation 




 this person may be able to help you, tell her you heard of her through me (Michael Burke) I'm friends with her dad.  https://www.facebook.com/BethABowers 




 broken down step b step, like I'm 9, awesome! just what I was looking for 




 My friend and I have been homebrewing for a little while now.  We've been bottling and have found it to be a hassle.  We want to switch over to kegging but have no idea where to start.  Resources anyone???

Mucho Appreciado 




 wise girl sounds like a hooker 




 I highly recommend Kayden DiGiovanni at the Skin Art Gallery in Addison.  Check him out at DallasTattoo.net  I have quite  bit of work done, the only 2 I wasn't satisfied with are the ones he did NOT do, and he still even helped me out with them (I've been going to him for 9 years)  Also chek him out at facebook.com/dallastattoo 




 But in London, they don't have Smokey the Bear, they have SMACKEY THE FROG! 




 wow, really awesome, despite what ever kitchen you were in.  Are you in business or just do this for friends and family on the side? 




 It was an awesome show! 




 Very nice, never been out to that part of the country, can anyone visit the sound and go clam digging 




 Do any redditors out there have knowledge as how to practically calculate something on the scoville heat scale?  I'm working on a hot sauce and would like to know the actual SKU for bottling and marketing purposes.  Any information would help 




 ot me beat.  3lbs most I've done.  I was cooing in a restaurant going out of business and the last day we were open my Chef "cleaned out the walk in"  it was a race between myself and the food runner on a 3lb plate.  The volume was rough, but forcing it down fast was far worse. 




 I don't know who you are.  I don't know who your friends are.  But that, that is amazing 




 nice, my buddies and I have worked with ghost peppers before.  We had a dick coworker who caused problems (we were all chefs in training) so we steeped ghost peppers in water and used that to make a dense gelatin and put his knives in it them set it in the cooler over night.  Highly recommend trying it some time.

But thanks, I'll have to check it out, I work right around the corner from there.  How many wings does one have to polish off? 




 nice, that's the kind of stuff I'm looking for, what else do you guys have? 




 thanks for the suggestion, but looking for local places, I could do BWW challenge anywhere, but thanks 




 Any one out there in Dallas know of any good restaurants that have some sort of eating challenge.  I'm aware of the wing challenge at Pluckers.  Used to work there so I'm very aware.  Any others?  Would anyone be game to join up and start a group for it? 




 The Pearl Cup in the M Streets area is the best coffee I've had in Dallas 




 Sweet, never thought I'd see this place on the net, especially reddit.  I live half a block from there. 




 Yeah we do 




 Private message me, I'm interested and local 




 Bonnie Ruth's up in Allen has an awesome brunch buffet with every classic you can think of.  Dessert is was included too which we thought was really cool. 




 that's amazing, how much time did it take you to piece it all together 




 Tis is my first 4/20 on reddit....  I guess this pretty much sums it up...? 




 funny, they don't look asian 




 I think it's sooooooo cool you're a Batman fan, not a lot of chicks are superhero fans let alone Batman fans 




 Chubby is awesome, keep posting 




 Good God, why can't I find any Ranger's fans like you in my neighborhood.  I"m on the wrong side of the metroplex 




 I bet t was a "B" channel on the cable box 




 "allow it" to happen for a while, put up remote surveillance camera's in your house that you can view from the web or your smart phone.  Use this to file for divorce, leaving her penniless.  Once he paper work is ready, hang onto it.  Wait for her to have her ex over one day.  While their sleeping in your bed together, sneak into your own house with another woman.  MAKE SURE SHE IS HOTTER THAN YOU PHILANDERING WIFE.  She could be an ex, some girl at the bar, a co-worker, a hooker, it doesn't matter.  Drop the paper work on the coffee table while being un-heard, then start going at it as rough and as loud as possible.

Really make it loud.  When your wife comes out with her ex, don't stop, just smile.  With one hand give a thumbs up, the other hold up divorce papers.

She'll get the point.  After a while there's not much that'll fill the void from being hurt by your ex, but bourbon will help.
 




 I have no words sir.  Touche 




 Any which way you cut it, you're still sucking a dick. 




 Go for a small dice and when you sautee your mire poix go for a darker carmelization (careful not to burn)  You should get a sweeter taste.  I like to use this in my marinare and pizza sauce.  2 carrots, 2 stalks of celery and 1 onion, 2 garlic cloves 1/2 cup olive oil, 2 16 oz cans of tomato puree and 1 small can of dice tomatoes.  Simmer the mire poix and garlic, add tomatoes and cook out for 2 hours, season.  For marinara leave be, for pizza sauce blend.  Pretty tasty, and if you blend she'll never know it's there. 




 1-2-3, and 1-2-3, 1-2-3, really, you guys don't get it? 




 prrreeeeeeetty sure (100%) I've seen her on craigs list singles page in my city 




 Sad thing is, I actually get it 




 Join?....  I'd be president, secretary, and treasurer 




 I so very much enjoy your daily posts 




 My suggestion; post it on facebook and see if it gets taken down, your question will be answered 




 got it, couldn't tell, big fun, love your confidence 




 very excellent, what's the pattern on the socks? 




 very nice 
























 Put your cell phone in your pocket when getting into your car and don't rake it out till you're at your location, seriously. Don't use it while driving 




 Well it's only 10am so........ session IPA 




 It's not Chinese, but I swear Ruang (sp?) Thai.  It's in the same parking lot as as the Albertsons at 15th and Custer.  Best Thai anywhere 




 Wow, no love for Santa 




 Thanks btrlilwhtgrl 




 I know right?  Where in the metropolis are you, the temp jumps are killing my body 




 Marrying me?  You know, just sayin... 









 At what point in your life have you been the most lost and conflicted about making a personal decision.  How did you handle it and what were the outcomes.  If you had to go back, would you have done the same thing? 




 You are seriously, CRAZY adorable 




 Yeah, I've been into Neil Young for a while.  29 years old and have been into his stuff since early high school, very cool pic, thanks for sharing it 




 Never knew he played on a V 




 Spot on and very beautiful, glad you got to live it up! 




 Ha, I'm way too curious for that to be a deterrent  




 From Opie (SoA) to Dopey, sorry man, never shave again 




 Yeah my whole plan is to treat it as a donor bike and throw as much as I can on a new rigid frame.  I did have a Honda shadow 750 ace.  Very reliable bike.  Only complaint is it was limited on customization and many parts on the baby that should have been metal were plastic or fiber glass.  Road like a champ though. 




 Thanks for the feedback, good knowledge for a HD TIL (no sarcasm intended)  I did find one auction site that sells everything from repo's to totalled out bikes.  Minimum bids start at about $200.  Don't have it saved on my phone but cam send a.link later if you're interested 




 La piccolo buffalo in little Italy was Damn good 




 Also went to high school with a Brandon, his wife is Caitlynn, there daughter is Braylynn 




 My girlfriend teaches third grade.  One of her students legal birth name's is La-a (pronounced Ladasha)  she's shown me the name while grading papers  




 Who? 




 I believe you're not allowed to do that awesome spin move to go from reverse to forward that Jason Statham does in every driving movie.  It is acceptable to do so in the afternoon though 




 Very lovely, happy 21st 




 Thanks for the lead, but it looks like they only deal in metric.  I have friends into cb750 rebuilds, will forward them here. 




 "Pearl of the Stars" by Coheed and Cambria.  Not because of the content itself, but because of the emotional connection to that song and an ex.   




 Hotel Palomar is nice too, being is awesome as well 




 If you wanted to use beer or wort product to get a starter going I recommend using whole, fresh, unacidulated and unused grain of your choice.  2 row is cheap, and spin it in a food processor untill it a fine flour, sift and start your starter 




 http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_Rock_Lake. We have our very own soppy wet prom date.  Its a great story, my aunts used to creep me out as a kid by telling me the story of The Lady of White Rock Lake 




 "Last Call" is a great read.  Its everything you'd ever need or want to know about Prohibition in the United States.  It also has a lot of great knowledge of the long term and current effects from the fall out of. 




 Does anyone out there in internet land know of any motorcycle salvage yards in or near DFW, looking for a Harley build project 




 Yes, yes I do, very adorable  




 Hey Johnny!  Kill one, fuck one, marry one.  Steve-O, Flo from the Progressive commercials, and the Bull from the rodeo see saw bit. GO 









 Does anyone have any experience with receiving a neograft procedure.  Either the strip method or the FUE. method.  Almost 30 and looking quite a bit of hair up there. 




 She is one of my favorite to fap to and have no info on her! 




 Your question is invalid.  Everything I do naked is sexy. 




 What kind of shitty father (Or mother) lets his daughter dress like that? 




 Local honey, best with something mildly Spivey like a quality pepperoni  




 Who? 




 Hot Damn, looking good for any age 




 Who? 




 So he's homeless and caught up on new episodes of breaking bad, and shirtless but not tanned? 




 Yeah, you're gold 




 Photoshop 




 Kill One, Marry one Fuck one.  Joe Rogan, Seth Rogan, Seth MacFarlan, GO! 




 Slashed a tire on a girlfriends car right after we broke up when I found out she had cheated on me when we were together.  Got away with it, but didn't feel to good about myself afterwards 




 A beard as majestic as yours should never be ignored Sir 




 Who?  For the love of God who is that? 









 Never canned it before, I either serve it immediately or cryo-vacced it and gave/sold it to friends 




 2 celery stalk, 2 carrots and 1 LG red onion small dice lightly sauteed in 1/2C olive oil, when translucent add 2lg cans tomatoes puree and 1 small diced tomatoes.  Season with salt, black pepper and herbage to taste, simmer on low for as many hours as possible, puree and stain if you'd like 




 Hey, it's just like dinner, whatever he doesn't want that's more for me ;-) 




 You would do REALLY well in/ r/palegirls 




 For the love of all things boobs, who is that? 




 Wings with Dad while watching the homerun derby, not a bad way to celebrate! 









 Yeah, no welding experience, i didn't even think of that, i was more concerned with setting the petcoc and running a gas line 




 Never done a chop, used to work for HD at a dealership, in parts.  I have a pretty good starting knowledge but some things like gas tank set up and jetting carbs make me a little nervous. 




 Trying to plan ahead and budget, do this right even if it takes a while 




 Look close enough to Beiber's pants you'll get a new appreciation for the term dick face 




 You know those story problems in jr. high math that are loaded down with A LOT of extra information that have nothing what so ever to do with the actual problem itself?  Yeah... that's the title for this joke 




 What do ya'll think total cost would be, as many used parts as possible, to do a build like this, rigid frame, and perferably and 88"

http://www.americanclassicmotors.net/tonystblk1.JPG 




 Go out to local brewery tours, they're usually fun and you get to have local stuff, which hopefully, is pretty good. 




 Do you have a dough recipe, the one I have is a little spotty 




 Nothing a can of spray paint couldn't fix 




 Will you marry m....  I mean, that's a really good look for you 




 Who?  For the love of God, who? 




 My camera got dropped about 6 feet.  Everything works fine except the shutter button.  Any idea of how to repair it or anyone who will.  Sony wants $250 just to look at it. 




 Just big big fans of our beer 




 We made sure not to serve before the ceremony,  afterward, well, different story 














 My old compouter died in the worst of ways. I just got a new desktop, Windowsn 8 and downloaded the most recent version of Zune Market place.  I have a 32G Zune HD,  How do I get everything from my Zune to my desktop.  Apparently syncing it is enough. 




 God Bless Texas, where was it? 




 You ma'am, have the perfect pair! 




 Best place I've found so far is Jerry's Woodfire Dogs in downtown Lakewood.  I actually have the Hot Doug's logo on my shin and spent plenty of time there, nothing here I've found has been that close 




 We have some scratches in the (what we hope) surface area of our skin wrap on our company's delivery truck.  Anyone have solid experience on how to buff out the scratches if it's possible?  Any solid links to information would be helpful too, google didn't do much for me on this search. 




 Very Interested, I live near GWB and Custer, I work at The Lakewood Brewery at Jupiter and 635, very close by, I'm interested in what you guys may have to offer.  I know I won't be the first one, but I don't have an athletic bone in my body, would like to turn that around 




 me gusta 




 Have any Dallas redditors shopped around different Crossfit gyms?  I was lookking for recommendations on price and quality. 




 Pico de Gallo is pretty good, no seasoning other than salt and pepper, also If your more adventurous, small diced shrimp ceviche 









 It's an awesome brewery too thanks.  See above comment for second half though 




 Yeah, still somewhat new to posting regularly, doing this on my phone so don't have a way to blur the name, (unless you know a way, then I'm open to info) but match isnt her last name, no worries 









 Preferable standard american parts, not metric 




 Was wondering if anyone knows of any info out there, that breaks down a ground up build, step by step, with an explanation broken down as basically as possible. 




 Better than guitar center 




 I really hope these aren't the same guys I'm thinking of.  Last Beer Week 3 guys claiming they were starting a cidery came into the bar I was working at (Jack Mac's) for the cask taping.  We caught them trying to steal beer off of the firkin.  Then they got so wasted 2 passed out at their table, then we caught them trying to walk their tab.  Hope its not the same guys, karma is a bad hangover 




 I actually have been loosing weight, see comments below.  I have a very physical job at a brewery, hauling kegs.  I've cut back on my drinking and have been making smarter food choices.  Next paycheck I'll be able to afford a membership to a gym already picked one out.  I also throw shot put during the spring (If we get one in TX this year) and will be loosing A LOT of weight during the summer at work whether I try or not. 




 yeah, I think that'll be the first step, I'm gonna start with the longest guard and work my way down 




 Yeah...  he's actually a pretty slim guy, but I noticed that too when I first met him 




 yeah, i'm working on that, been steadily dropping actually, about 15lbs in 3 months was at about 270, I work at a brewery in TX so I know I'll be loosing a lot more this summer 




 I have to respectfully look at the photo again, my hair is going pretty quickly now, it started when I was 21 and has been going exponentially recently, despite healthier decisions, you might want to look again.  But thanks for the encouragement. 




 I think I'm gonna do it 



















 For me it has to be a full tank of gas and a new set of tires. 




 Last I heard snoop canceled 




 Agreed, I can't speak for the turkey, haven't  had it, but Mr G's is awesome! 




 Should have been 21 plays of Tom Jone's What's New Pussycat! 




 Chris was actually a good friend of mine growing up but we kind of went separate ways around highschool, grew up in the same block, played baseball and did the whole "scouts" thing together.  He was an awesome guy and was always there for a laugh 




 How tall are you, I arrested losing my hair around 20 (28) but I'm just shy of 6'2" so most people don't notice, so I particularly am holding out a bit 









 I do not reccomend using honey instead of sugar because it won't cook to the crystalyn state. Sugar will.  Try a very small (one jar) batch to see how it works.l, I may be wrong 




 Make a tighter pesto, less oil, more basil and nuts, and spread it as a sauce a little thinker 




 He is a duck, he's a shady SOB, most of his payroll practices are illegal as well as his back of the house staff, I managed under him and his ex wife at the Allen location and it was a nightmare 




 My old boss finally made it big! 









 Grapefruit and/or orange marmalade with candied ginger.  You can also make and store an orange cure mix if you cure your own salmon 









 Check out Lakewood Brewing instead.  It's the same price, you get to keep a Belgium style glass, and the lines are A LOT shorter.  They have the same music and food trucks, but it's a lot less pretentious and crowded.  Plus their beer is a lot better, if you're a beer knurd, also more consistent and true to form.  Big Fan! 
























