 Thanks -"pre-sliced bread emoji" 




 Google... :( 




 You serious? Man I kinda want bread delivered to me too! 




 True, but mean something like the sizes or quantity of your diet; if that reflects your personality? 









 Many ppls say that 60fps does not work on ie11. It might not work on ie11 on windows 7 but it surely works on windows 8.1 .8.1.1. In fact ie11 on window 8.1 I more graphics efficient than chrome. I use ie as my main browser and have only needed to use chrome once. (to watch anime.. animebaka.tv) ie does not support certain html formats. I only use chrome for one website though... anyways ie is faster on my PC. Opening and running sites 




 I'm not from the U.S, but I think that there are too many sub-cultures in the U.S. (Reagarding the way they treat eachother). Like with most other big countries. Certain States should split and create some sort of sub-U.S 




 'Cause they are afraid of all kinds off insects. And if they see one they want to get the f*uck out 




 Well, I define normal as just regualr ppls. Like people whose jobs don't involve using a PC so much as e.g. Photographers, Music Producers etc.. Or just school kids w/o ambitions regarding Technology... 




 i have f.lux too.  used to have rainmeter. But it cluttered my tiny notebook screen so i uninstalled it. I have Rocketdock though 




 Well, I'm kinda a 'jack of all trades - geek'. I just want to learn EVERYTHING. So I've got Photoshop, FL Studio, iTunes, Rocketdock and a bunch of hardcore Windows and Android Customization Software(I hardly use anymore) on my PC. My question is... what do you "normal" dudes and dudettes use on your PCs 









 Well, I'm kinda a 'jack of all trades - geek'. I just want to learn EVERYTHING. So I've got Photoshop, FL Studio, iTunes and a bunch of Windows and Android Customization Software(I hardly use anymore) on my PC. My question is... what do you "normal" dudes and dudettes use on your PCs 














 Do you fart on set? Plz say yes.  And this is indeed not a dumb but a stupid question.  
























 None. None was the worst birthday I had. No one remembered no one did jack shit.  




 Penises though I am not convinced that it is unhealthy.  




 OMF so true.  




 But isn't that kinda a double standard. It's like it's perfectly fine to call a girl beautiful. But if it's a dude... I've only heard gay guys say that a guy was beautiful. And I don't even believe that most gay dudes do. In movies, songs and almost every media girl are call cute, nice, beautiful, bewbs, "that one with the large bootay" etc. But except for cute I've never heard a man being addressed like that... :( 









 For my last headphones I researched for almost four months (not a random number) and as I was leaving the mall I started noticing the ads for the alternative choice. I virtually died inside. It is true though that the excitement wears off after purchase 














 I wear headphones the whole day so I don't notice what is happening around me  




 What I'm saying is that negro is a direct translation from black. Well great, the field masters used it. Why should negro be any worse than saying black? Where if you say African American or dark skinned you are seen as more culturally insensitive as when you say black these days. ?. If they would have said something different to blacks those days, I would have taken that as an insult.  

I'm black myself BTW 




 True true.  But I brush hair for hair. So I guess it is called hair brush for me. Oh forgot to mention that I only have a hair. :( 




 Yeah it's like "negro/nigger/negger"; shouldn't be an insult. Has bad history, which caused it to be an insult. Nigger and nigga are only variations of this and anyone who uses a variation as an insult is simply stupid, gosh!! So the meaning of gay comes from happy. I guess that is from where the homosexuals got it? It should also not be an insult.  




 ODESZA - My Friends Never Die
Mark Johns - 5 South (Prod. Alexander Lewis)
Lauren Desberg - Rock Steady 




 It will. Because you will never get to spend $3.04 ever again. It'll always be something like $2.99 or $3.50 




 I'm kinda a narcissistic arse-hole sometimes. Also I'm like the perfect human being; I mean why would anyone not like me... 




 Chicken = Africa. my friend  
























