 Have used Textra since a few days after getting my phone; haven't seen any drain issues from it...? 




 For $18,000 should you steer clear of a salvage vehicle?  Uh, yes. 




 Everyone falls off the wagon.  We get sick, we get hurt, we get tired of eating healthy, tired of working out.  That's natural when you're making a life change.  Humans are resistant to change.  It's in our nature.  But you can get past it - heck, you've already lost 20 lbs.  Most people don't get that far.  Just keep your chin up and keep your goal in sight.  It may take some time - believe me, I know.  But you can do it.  We all know you can.

http://i.imgur.com/t7T5R5t.jpg 




 Turned into this as the night went on...

http://www.democraticunderground.com/10025434750
 




 Was up there a few weekends ago.  Went to Matchbox (deep fried garlic cheese bread?  Yes please!) for dinner, stayed for the protest in front of the Verizon Center.

http://imgur.com/hdSyJUp 




 If I toss my phone in a baggie (walking with threat of rain) this happens to me as well. 




 Bigger corner, more material = greater energy absorption, or same energy taking longer to be absorbed, so yes, drop protection.  It's called physics.  The more you know... 




 Manual, grinding when shifting. 




 This is the battery you take with you camping for the weekend, hiking, long flights with movies....when you're going to be away from a charger for a long time.  It's not something for daily pocket use. 




 Drop protection.  Next question? 




 Another vote for 3D Maxpider... 




 So how do you like living in your new tiny house?

http://i.imgur.com/qPM524J.jpg

http://www.fyi.tv/shows/tiny-house-nation/videos/touring-the-perfect-prairie-cottage 




 According to the Anandtech review, they do not.  Also, given how much noise Motorola is making about their support, the fact that LG says nothing about it is pretty telling.

http://www.anandtech.com/show/8169/the-lg-g3-review/3

"However, this can be explained by the change to charging protocol, as it seems that the G3 doesn't support Qualcomm's Quick Charge technology. Instead, signalling is done over BC 1.2. As we'll see later in the article, this is due to the charger chip used."

"It's also a bit interesting to see that a TI BQ24296 charger chip is used instead of a Qualcomm solution, which means that the Quick Charge protocol isn't supported. It seems that signalling is done via BC 1.2." 




 I've been there.  I've also stood on the elevator.  My boss said I did not become invisible.  I was dissapoint.  (I do some work with BAE out of Glascoed) 




 Some say he only eats cheese from Luna and that on weekends, you can find him trying to do the Kessel run in under 12 parsecs.  All we know is, he's called Space Stig.

http://i.imgur.com/fxzDuzT.jpg 




 So I guess the Mistral Coast is a swanky place to live these days. 




 It's not worth $30K; that's what you paid for it.  There's a huge difference.  KBB says a 2013 BRZ with 10,000 miles is worth, in excellent condition, for a private party sale, up to $21,999.  When you're right on top of 50% value in damage/repair costs, that's when they tend to total...For your sake, I hope they don't. 




 Been referred to as nannies at least 10 years now (first I heard the term was in my GTO group in 2004 - when I was new to RWD cars). 




 If the quote is that high for repair, insurance may total it.  Hope you bought GAP insurance because you may otherwise find yourself without a car. 




 Your female picture is my ex from 2010-2012.  Disturbing. 




 Me too.  Had the best FR-S rate for me of several companies.  I have 2 cars with them.  GEICO is Gov Employee Insurance Co. so keep that in mind if you're a fed. 




 So take 35% off your gross and you'll have a decent estimate of your take home.  At $40k you're bringing home about $2200 a month. 




 I'm still trying to decide if I want to buy winter tires or not.  There was only a total of about a week this past winter where roads were bad and on those days our offices were closed w/telework.  Thinking I might just get some decent all seasons and take advantage of the closures or worst case have my g/f drop me off.  Already have 3D matrix floormats.  Planning on picking up some Rally Armor UR mudflaps as well. 




 I clicked on the "load more comments" hoping against hope this would be hiding there., You delivered.  Good show, old chap. 




 Here's the thread where Grimmspeed talks about how they designed their intake and how all the other intakes out there at the time:

http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showthread.php?t=50492 




 Depends on the CAI.  Grimmspeed did exhaustive testing, showed what works and what doesn't. Documented here and in threads linked from here:

http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showthread.php?t=50492 




 Any tune can potentially void your warranty but in the US you're protected by the Magnusson-Moss Warranty Act, which puts the burden of proof that your mods caused a problem on the car manufacturer.  You do have to be willing to fight though, because they'll always look for the easy way out. 




 Finally, someone else who understands! 




 If you have ready access to E85 use that instead of the Crawford BPBs. 




 No, OFT is fully removable and doesn't leave any flags behind like ECUTek. 




 You should start the lugnuts by hand using the socket before attaching it to the wrench.  It sounds like you might've cross-threaded the lugnuts especially how you described the nut getting stuck.

Also, never use a torque wrench to remove things, no matter what mode you have it set to.  That's what breaker bars are for, and they're cheap. 




 That's cute, dear.  I've been on the Internet for 25 years, since my dad brought home a 1200 baud modem from work.  I'm used to it.

Performance modifications are not now, nor have they ever been, rice.  Jackass arguing with me has a problem with me removing weight from my vehicle for some reason.  Weight reduction can be both the cheapest and also most expensive ways to increase performance.  That I make my car to suit me and don't intend to race it doesn't make it rice.  It just means I'm not interested in racing my car.

The definition of tchotchke is "a small object that is decorative rather than strictly functional; a trinket.".  My statement was not an insult, it was a statement of fact.  "Blew" is a colloquialism for "spent" as you must be well aware.  I can even use it in a sentence: "OP blew all his money on tchotchkes".  Translation: "OP spent all his money on decorative items".  See how that works?

You may believe the way I phrased it was insulting, but that's just jumping to conclusions without thinking about the meaning of what I wrote.  Telling me I have no friends, drive a rice car and will get tickets is nothing BUT insulting, as there is no factual basis for any of those statements. 




 If you're buying it from a US carrier, there still hasn't been a single update.  But all the US versions can be rooted so that helps for optimization. 




 Yes, it blinks.  Does it even in a base FR-S. 




 What part of THE BACKSEAT IS SMALL AND I DON'T USE IT AND IT'S MY CAR don't you f'ing get??????? 




 Where have you found to mount one of these in an 86?  I tried it, but found it very unstable.  Certainly not the performance I was looking for in something that cost $30. 




 Moving magnetic fields are how things get screwed up.  There are tons of magnets around you every day and your credit cards and phone don't get wiped out.  High voltage lines generate huge magnetic fields and they don't kill your car when you drive under them.  I've been using a magnet mount with an iPhone 5S and now an LG G3 in my FRS for 5 months now, without any issues whatsoever.  They do test these things, you know.  Also, yes, I'm fully qualified to make the statements herein as I am a degreed electrical engineer. 




 Salesmen, even if they're your best friend, are still salesmen.  They have their soul extracted when they're hired, along with their sense of decency.  I have personally witnessed this with "friends" twice in the last few years.  They stop being people.  I wouldn't trust a car salesperson any further than I can throw one.  :D 




 Do you REEEEEEAAAALLLLY think that all of these are automatics?

http://i.imgur.com/V6LA9ti.jpg

Hint: no.

Where'd I get the pick?  FT86club.  Port in Japan packing these suckers out a couple of weeks ago.  http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showpost.php?p=1914420 postcount=477 




 I'm going to offer up a different mount solution, more available (Staples carries them, so do some Walmarts, but always Staples) and less expensive, and finally, easier to install:

http://www.scosche.com/magicmount

I have one permanently mounted right next to the radio on the passenger side (fully on the radio surround - it's about 1/4" wider than the sticky base, fits perfectly) and a second removable suction cup one that I use on travel and also with my OpenFlash Tuner. 




 You've obviously never read @Anthony's weight loss thread on ft86club if you think this is someone going nuts.

You're quite the rude little shit behind a keyboard, aren't you?

And no, weight reduction is not rice, no matter what you may think.  Weight reduction leads to reduced wear and tear, improved performance and improved fuel mileage.  None of those are a bad thing.  Spending $400 on purely cosmetic items, on the other hand, is pretty much the textbook definition of rice. 




 Are you kidding me with this nonsense?  Even without a muffler, the car is below limits.  My stock CBR1000RR motorcycle is louder.

Many cars come without spares.  Our Hyundai Sonata, for example, came with a flat repair kit.  So does the Porsche Boxster, Cayman, Corvette, Chevrolet SS...I carry a 2 lb flat repair kit I chose based on Amazon reviews, and roadside assistance coverage, which comes with the car if you weren't aware.  http://www.scion.com/promotions/serviceboost/

Also, do you really think someone you force to ride in the backseat of your FRS will still be your friend once they get out of the car?  I would never put an adult back there.  We have other vehicles when we  want people to ride places with us.  The rest of the time. the blonde in my  passenger seat is the only "friend" I need.

I don't autoX so if that's what you'd rather spend your money on, more power to  you, but don't insult my choices just because they're different than your own. 




 That may be true for you but other people use their cars for different purposes, and no one will ever sit in my back seat, so why not save the weight?  Also, the delete kit still provides separation from the trunk.  It's not just removal of the seat and that's it.  There are carpeted panels to make it look nice.  And Seibon has a CF delete that looks really sharp if you have a few grand burning a hole in your pocket.

Muffler delete, 25 lbs, lithium battery, 26 lbs, spare tire and tools, 25 lbs, rear seat delete, 27 lbs IIRC...Things begin to add up pretty quick.

Lightweight flywheel, 10-12 lbs, AL or CF driveshaft, 12 lbs, wheels, lightest I've seen will lose about 6 lbs of rotating mass per wheel, crank pulley, 4 lbs (apparently not good if you have done a flywheel), brakes 5 lbs per corner.   




 http://www.rearseatdelete.com/FRS-BRZ.html

This company has made them for various vehicles for years.  Plastic, covered in carpet, with sound deadening.  $380 shipped in the US. 




 OFT can also be used by a tuner to generate a custom tune.  Same process as ecutek. 




 Ok so I searched Japanparts.com and found everything except the STi logo thing.  Works out to about $400 before shipping.  Start button, $137.  Oil filter, $30.  Key cover, $43.  Battery hold down, $80.  Oil cap, $83. Radiator cap, $40.

So basically, OP could've bought an OpenFlash Tuner, an intake, a lightweight battery, a rear seat delete, i.e. something that would increase performance, for the amount of money he blew on these little tchotchkies.   




 Flying back to DC in the morning...looking for something to pass the time in the evening.  Thanks!

Flying Thursday morning that is. 




 You used a PAPER TOWEL on your paint???  Are you mad!?  I'll bet you rubbed in a circle too.  Oh, the huge manatee!  Never, never use paper towel.  You, without realizing it, have scratched the absolute shit out of that spot on your ride now.

Also, it's "rest assured".  And "ffffuuuuuuuuu..."  And "who could HAVE done it..." :D 




 So this is what it's come to.  Db is the new Rickroll. 




 Didn't have a floppy drive?  Are you 5?  Isn't Titanfall rated PEGI-16 or "M for Mature" or something?  Where are your parents??  Or, is it just that your first "computer" was an Xbox? :D

Very concerned now given your posting history...

Or, is it just that you don't realize 3.5" diskettes were also colloquially referred to as floppies also? 




 OpenFlash is $645 or $535 if you already have the OFT...But they also tend to have a long wait.  I'd do whichever you can find in stock.

Personally though, EL all the way for me. 




 Wondering the same.  I caught a bunch of hell for making a similar comment in a past thread.  Personally...not a fan of unicorns, ponies...Don't know WTF this has to do with our community. 




 Good work.  Sleep well.  I'll most likely kill you in the morning. 




 Oh, cool, never even heard of Jackson Racing.  However, I looked both up on the CARB site and neither are ok (yet) for 2015 vehicles, so something to keep in mind. 




 OP is not in a CARB area - he posted a thread about Wawa gas.  They aren't in CA.  Also, I believe Innovate is the only kit out there that has a CARB option.  Finally, turbos affect mileage as well.  It's not free horsepower.  Common misconception. 




 ...IF E85 is available nearby.  For me it's over 100 mi to the nearest station. 




 I have a torn meniscus and arthritis in my left knee but I purchased the manual.  This is my first manual.  Passed 4000 miles over the weekend, 17 weeks in.  Driven in DC traffic quite a bit and my knee doesn't bother me.  I'd say the clutch is light but it is only holding 160ish lb-ft of torque.  Haven't wintered in it but plenty of Canadians over on ft86club that have...just need proper winter tires.  A car like this, I'd buy new.  They're likely to be modded, being a niche/enthusiast vehicle.  I'm actually leasing mine but that's because, on average, I don't keep vehicles longer than a year or two. 




 Erm...he says the deal breaker is the concern of someone reading his password as he enters it...I guess I don't understand that issue.  My password only shows up as dots and my entry keypad is randomized (obviously a randomized entry screen wouldn't work for,a,blind person without a haptic screen).  But honestly, we're worried about reading a password over a shoulder?  Really?  Is it only one character?  I can't believe this is a thing... 




 https://www.subarugenuineparts.com/index.php

Everyone on ft86club.com prefers this joint.  Interior parts for the Scion and Subaru are largely the same. 




 Yes, installed, super laggy, removed. 




 I think OP was talking about the relocator that mounts in the front tow hook location, not just the $2 plastic frame. 




 Man it absolutely drives me nuts that the phone is commanded to play music on connection.  There should be a way to disable that.  Either in the headunit or in my phone, but there's not.  My girlfriend's Hyundai doesn't do it. 




 Hey you're featured on Driveway Labs' Facebook page awesome :) 




 Welcome.  Treat her with respect and she'll do the same. 




 The SR-71 display at Pima Air and Space Museum in Tucson AZ is much more impressive than in DC.  You ca touch the plane, it has an interactive display, you can get much closer...DC is fine for commercial aviation but for military Pima blows it away.  I'm lucky enough to live near DC and travel frequently to Tucson for work. 




 Already have an OFT? 




 Which Fumoto did you go with?  Nipple, no nipple or short nipple w/ plastic insert?  After my free maintenance is over I'm planning on a Stahlbus as I have one on my bike. 




 I am.  My first shift knob being this is my first manual car.  Wish I didn't have to wait a month though.  In that time I'll probably get a set of winter wheels and tires ordered up. 




 I understand except that you're talking about a mechanical system.  It can't rotate at whatever RPM it wants.  At 40 MPH the engine is going a certain speed, the torque converter is going a ratio of that speed, the transmission input and output shafts are going at their ratio speeds, the driveshaft, differential, axles, wheels... It's not magic.  The link I posted in my response this morning has the graphs.  Also at WOT the torque converter is not locked up so it's not as efficient as a manual clutch at transferring energy from the engine to the wheels. 




 No, I understood you were talking a specific speed range.  In an MT 40 - 60 MPH can be accomplished without shifting.  I can't see how an auto would be faster as it would be operating at lower revs at 40 so would not be making as much power?  This is assuming both cars start in 2nd gear. 




 Anarchy Motive Mammoth shift knob in rough red from the FT86club groupbuy that ended yesterday.  Will be about a month though as they're being made in a single batch.

http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showthread.php?t=71435 




 Proof?  Or is that just like, your opinion, man?

Stock redline, may be so.  Once tuned, not even close.  OpenFlash Tablet, for example, raises redline to 7600 so it's only a single shift to 60 in the manual.  Stock, 60 is right at redline.

http://www.dragtimes.com/2013-Scion-FR-S-gear-ratios-top-speed-47.html 




 The 86 is my first manual vehicle.  It was the first manual vehicle I've ever even driven.  The first time I drove it was after I signed the papers.  (I'd driven the auto of course but not the manual).

I drive it in DC.  The clutch is pretty light.  I have a messed up left knee and sometimes it causes me pain after driving for long periods of time in traffic but it's worth it, honestly.

Also, the auto's rearend is geared up from the manual (numerically lower) - it'll get better gas mileage but it will always be slower. 




 Amazon 




 Looks good.

Question though, why does your bumper seem so much darker than your hood? 




 I have the 3D Maxpider Kagu floormats.  Similar to the WTs but a (as I understand it) thicker material (helps keep that stepping on plastic tap tap tap sound down) and they were also significantly cheaper ($40 when I got them a few months ago).

Pic from my build thread: http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v698/train_subject5569/FRS/IMG_4014_zps5cba4f43.jpg 




 Also 6' and no problems.  Girth will be a bigger problem than height.  If you're much over a 38" waist you may feel constricted too much by the shape of the seat. 














 Life, uh, finds a way.  You two are evidence of that.  Congrats on the wedding! 




 I've not encountered any sibling rivalry amongst my fellow Twin owners.  Pretty stupid given it's springs and a bumper that make the difference. 




 There are tons of Canadians on FT86Club who DD their vehicles through the winter.  They often talk about Nokian Hakkapapaletta (spelling...I could never spell the Greenland volcano correctly either) tires and/or Michelin XIce2 (3's are often stated as not as good).  Also, weight in the trunk - toolboxes with a sandbag each over each rear wheel for example. 




 OP asked about an intake and an exhaust.  My statement was a list of intake and exhaust parts.

Neither an OFT nor an OFH are an intake.  Even the OFT folks recommend replacing the intake pipe.  Also, OP said he was on a tight budget.  $300 (pipe, filter, muffler delete) vs. $1K is a pretty huge difference.  And that $300 will change the character of the car significantly.

I'm not saying that OFT+OFH isn't worth it - they absolutely are.  However, I was trying to keep my recommendation as low in $ as possible while answering both parts of the OP's question.

Also, not everyone has access to E85.  Where I lived in California and where I now live in Maryland, there is not a single E85 station within an hour's drive.  Kinda hard to use it when it takes a third of a tank or more just to go get it. 




 If you insist...

http://www.nigel-jdmparts.com/toyota-86-frameless-mirror

http://www.ft86speedfactory.com/high-output-drl-fog-light-bezels-frs-1683.html 




 Any reason why the mirror costs more than new and the LED DRLs are same price as new? 




 Ah, not so.  They can do one other thing - reduce weight.  Or gain it. But a single Berk track pipe like I run knocks 25lbs off the rear end. 




 Biggest gains at lowest price are simple: Silicone MAF pipe (Mishimoto, Perrin, Supertek....), panel filter (Perrin, aFe, K N...) and a single exhaust muffler delete track pipe (Berk, Nameless...).  And then as others have suggested go grab an Open Flash Tablet as well. 




 You're correct.  Multiple references on ft86club.

http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showpost.php?p=1015117 postcount=51 




 I responded.  Need to bump this every now and again.  I'm new since the last time. 




 Must be where you live as they are not at all hard to come by here in MD.  Local dealer had three of them sitting on the lot at the same time, and a leftover 10 Series.  I see them on the road quite often. 




 Dude, this is 2014.  It's easy to measure - they do it by sending a laser across the road and seeing how your emissions "cloud" affects the received energy.  A few quick links...this has been around a while.  And it's not just in CA, but typically CA and NY are the most strict with this sort of thing.

http://www.smogtips.com/remote_sensing.cfm

http://www.talonclub.com/forum/showthread.php?12292-Roadside-Sniffer-may-be-hosed s=85769418533926c1a46ed2a0eafada48

http://articles.latimes.com/1996-12-07/local/me-6547_1_remote-sensors 




 California lives by very strict rules.  They will not allow you to move the cat at all.  Not by a micron.  And, within the first 50000 miles the cat if damaged has to be replaced by an identical OE part.  Also, at least in Southern California, they actually have roadside sniffers.  So yes, you don't need a smog check for the first six years of a brand new car's life, but if you get caught doing something naughty by a sniffer, well, ouch. 




 I have a tire repair kit/inflator and a toolbox with a Shorai lithium battery charger and TCW3 2T Oil (with which I was trying to quell the crickets).  Both are velcro'd in place with industrial velcro inside the spare tire area (spare and tools were removed).

P.S. The hard side of velcro sticks to the trunk liner so if you have small things in your trunk just attach a little square and it'll stay put (adheres well enough to hang from the trunk lid liner on the BRZ in fact - I added the kit to my FR-S). 




 That's not even possible since the stock exhaust manifold has a cat in it. 




 DO NOT BUY AN EXTENDED WARRANTY.  If you're financing, try to get a preapproval from your own lender.  Terms could be much better. 




 Negative. 




 I had a brand new 2004 GTO at age 24 in 2004.  A degree, a not-overpriced education and a decent job do wonders.  Now I just bought two new cars in April, one for me and one for my girlfriend.  And I have a motorcycle.  And a house.  And I make more than double what I did back then.  Being good at something has its perks. 




 How about a 180?  LOL 




 I use Tasker and Secure Settings based on either connection to either of my home wifi networks or connection to either of our two cars' Bluetooths.  Tutorial to set it up on Youtube, piece of cake.  Believe it's Tasker 101 Lesson 16A. 




 This is how phones usually come.  It's marketing - when you turn on the camera app for the first time and it doesn't fill the whole screen, you might think something is wrong / be less impressed.  So they set the widescreen resolution by default. 




 Seriously????  Do you even Internet?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JR3N9aHIKCc

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-lLz9wTRc8 




 Just got a promotional e-mail from GreenManGaming.com.  Season pass for the PC is $5 with coupon code 3XKE26-CK4R1G-JZY8M6 until 4PM UTC Monday, 17 March 2014.  AND they have either $2 cash back or $4 GMG bucks after purchase for later use.  So an even better deal.  Link direct to the season pass:

http://www.greenmangaming.com/s/us/en/pc/games/shooter/titanfall-season-pass-na/?emst=gpqdg5iEiz_251520_379058_515 
























 It's the one that looks like a grid of white squares, and it should be on the screen by default.  And it's called the App Drawer.  This ain't iOS. 




 And just what OS do you think your G3 showed up with then?  4.4.x is KitKat, G3 shipped with 4.4.2...? 




 I don't remember if it was specifically a Halloween ep but the zombie episode of "Valerie's Family" aka "The Hogan Family"...I was 7.  It will forever haunt me lol.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mh9FP_9eskw t=5m30s 




 I still watch Garfield's Halloween Adventure and It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown! every Halloween.  Those always made the season for me. (I'm 34...when I was a kid I taped Garfield over a copy of Dirty Harry...good old VCR technology.) 




 Monty Python but not Khan.  Someone needs to revoke your nerd card. 




 Last I checked most everyone shows up with parents.  Rich Corinthian Leather was a meme before memes were memes...I've heard about that my entire life.  And if you can't identify RM as Khan from Star Trek 2 (note: NOT Star Trek Into Darkness)...I just don't even know. 




 Oh. My. Gawd.  This interaction on Reddit with the very young, I often find it quite disturbing.  Do yourself a favor and look it up, I'm sure the video is on YouTube.  Also, Khan. 




 Um...huh?  Dude, Ricardo Montalban. 




 Do not turn off traction control in the wet, and also while you're learning to shift. 




 Now find me one fitted with rich Corinthian leather. 




 Not beautiful?  WTH is wrong with you? 




 I love The Ninth Gate, it's one of my faves 




 HTC really needs a win here. 




 Peasants are everywhere, even on Android ;) #justmasterracethings... 




 Might be available eventually, or reps, but they only just announced the thing in the past twoish weeks... 




 My group of friends coined the term "fruit fly" in uni - "hag" had too negative a connotation for us.  :) 




 I was all set to trade my G3 for a Note 4 in the coming weeks but yesterday the G3's bootloader was unlocked so it could become a development hotspot given it's one of the highest powered unlocked devices.  Something to think about if you're into making your device your own. 




 15 years ago my school had no such question.  I wonder if they do today?  My first roommate asked me if I was gay, told him no.  Probably didn't know what to think when I ended up the President of the school's LGBTQ association "Gays and Friends". 




 Try this thread over on XDA 

http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2880768 




 It may be possible to restore to stock by flashing a .kdz or .tot using LG Flash Tool but I'm not sure.  Technically they can refuse warranty service on your phone once it's been rooted, let alone had the bootloader unlocked. 




 No idea...

https://www.reddit.com/r/LGG3/comments/2ittfe/lg_g3_unlock_is_finally_here_for_all_variants_of/cl5szx1 




 And yet, it happened. 




 I posted the same over on XDA earlier today - good find :) 




 We'll get an unofficial CM first probably and official support probably eventually, few months I'd guess. 




 The frickin laser will be gone in AOSP. 




 It is.  Folks who say otherwise have problems with reading comprehension.  The devs have been very clear. 




 Music has never been particularly important to me and now that I don't reallysten in the car anymore.  I am actually getting ready to pull my stereo and speakers out of my car altogether because it just means nothing to me.  I'd rather have the weight savings. 




 Frankly things like this make it too easy...folks should have some expertise to know what they're doing.  Someone in a different thread bricked their device using Flashify because they had no clue what they were doing.  Three adb commands is really not a big deal at all people.  How are you going to fix your phone if you have no idea what these mods actually do to it? 




 I don't listen to music when I want to calm down.  EDM or hard rock are it for me. 




 Personally I recommend Tapatalk but it costs and if you don't visit lots of forums it's not worthwhile.

XDA App: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.quoord.tapatalkxda.activity hl=en 




 Unfortunately the only way is to spend some time learning.  A lot of how-tos from here:

http://lmgtfy.com/?q=adb+how+to

http://forum.xda-developers.com/lg-g3/general/guide-connecting-lg-g3-to-linux-adb-aka-t2821673

http://forum.xda-developers.com/verizon-lg-g3/help/vzw-g3-detected-adb-t2819713 




 FOLKS W 64GB SDCARDS - KNOWN ISSUE.  Only fix is to reformat to fat32 for the time being.

Permalink: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=55944771 postcount=106 




 Does your device pingback if its plugged in and you run adb devices?  If not it's not correctly installed yet.  Try a different LG driver pack - there are several on XDA. 




 There was no reason for a huge dev community when it only supported a single device on one of the US' smaller networks.  It'll pick up. 




 Use Tapatalk or the XDA app. 




 You should really learn how to use adb if you want to mod your device - it's very easy to screw things up, and then you'll just be here or on XDA asking for more help. 




 Dude, so you used a shortcut method and it didn't work?  Should've followed the directions.  That's why they're there... 




 It will not see a 64GB card or larger without using a tool to format as fat32 - not a bug; it's a limitation of TWRP. 




 It says right in the dev's video that it's a true unlock, not a workaround.  ROMs always have to be custom made for the device they're going on - that's nothing new.  




 "Auto focus"??  Seriously, in 2014, an aftermarket case needs to talk up a feature of a phone camera, one that most any phone camera has?  Odd. 




 http://www.scion.com/cars/release_series/FRSRS1/

Because apparently some people aren't aware... ;) 




 Anything's possible.  Could always flash back to stock. 




 Started in physics as that was what interested me a great deal in HS.  First roommate was an EE and I took an intro class for fun, liked it, and that became my major.  I also did significant outside major work in law, business and psychology.  Took the GMATs but ended up getting an engineering job and that's what I've been doing since in varying capacities.  But I wouldn't say my major was strongly tied to the specific work I've done the past 11 years.

Maybe think about what you want to do for work and see what folks recommend? 




 I have a 64GB Pro card currently in my G3.  Compared to a class 4 32GB Sandisk I used in my truck just as music storage, it is lightning fast.  And the phone in speed tests could tell the difference.  As far as a tangible benefit though, not sure.  I was just thrilled to get it for only $70 back in July @ BB via an Amazon pricematch. 




 Try this - you can use the wrench icon after tapping the screen to manage the AGPS state such as downloading new data and resetting the GPS., It can take as long as 15 minutes to get a good lock if you haven't had one in a while so plug into a wall adapter and let it rip.  If you still get nothing, check out where you purchased for some warranty service. 

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.eclipsim.gpsstatus2 hl=en 




 No, not actually, but whatever.  The poster specifically mentions crickets and the HPFP, i.e. the same squeaking sound most folks also refer to as crickets.  NOT the sound of injection events. 




 Erm...The crickets sound originates from the high pressure fuel pump, part of the direct injection system.  That's very well known.   




 Right around where my lil bro's fiancee lives.  Nice.  We all grew up in Fremont.

If you can find a group of people with whom you share interests and, better, proclivities (i.e. what is and is not rice), all the better. 




 34...Male...Closest representation to my belief system is libertarian, which is barely second string in the US, and that doesn't really cut it.  I'm for: guns, marriage equality, choice (abortion), vehicle modifications, motorcycle lane sharing, reduced law enforcement, separation of church and state, preventing religious organizations from free use of public facilities, preventing religious organizations from operating tax free, preventing businesses from offshoring their tax burdens, against unions, against vehicle mileage taxes...Those are probably the things I care most about 




 Still on the stock head unit.  Really?? 




 So is every G3 user on Verizon.  Deal with it. 




 And what do you do when the demographic you want isn't in the mainstream?  Oh, that's right, not a damn thing. 




 I used to.  I voted for the first time in 1998.  Things didn't go how I voted.  They never have any time since then either.  When I moved last year across the country, I did not register to vote.  I am what you call a disenfranchised voter.  I do not feel like I am able to be represented by the election process as it exists in the US today, so I no longer participate. 




 No, never.  Grandmother lost to cancer, smoker.  Dad nearly lost to heart disease, cancer.  Other grandfather lost to cancer, smoker and alcoholic.

Also, addiction is giving up control to something outside myself, which I just won't/can't do. 




 Mine is always telling me to smile.  I put up a pic of Grumpy Cat that says "I AM smiling" and I colored it the "am" with a highlighter. 




 No.  Nothing is so important to me that I need to permanently etch it into my skin. 




 Eldest of two, was bullied through graduation from high school verbally and physically (rocks thrown, belongings messed with, etc.). 




 http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showpost.php?p=1731341 postcount=15 




 People say that but there are plenty of people ethanol free who still have crickets.   




  Personally I'm all for technological augmentation.  I definitely don't feel as strongly about it though as you seem to. 




 You're right, this is Reddit, and this conversation happened weeks ago.  So you don't know what all happened, as I said.  Armchair quarterbacking on Tuesday does no good. 




 You have absolutely no idea what you have stepped in by commenting on this thread.  The context button does not even remotely tell the tale.  Nice job jumping to conclusions though.  I had every reason to respond how I did, Mr. Thought Police. 




 They've been talking this over on Slick Deals,and there's a pretty strong consensus that full price orders are not eligible. 




 No, it's a case of to each their own.  I like the idea that the bezel isn't just a spot for the logo.  That's why I'd never look at an M8 for example.  The G3 is nowhere near that bad but in this case the Note 4 is even more space efficient. 




 I've done both.  If your want to have your computer setup to talk to your Android, use IO as you'll get drivers setup, etc. which could come in handy if you need to reflash stock.  If you just want root NOW, use Stump.  Stump seems to make the USB Debugging setting in Dev Options not stick on reboot so you have to edit build.prop to fix it though. 




 Spent some time playing with a Note 4 at Best Buy yesterday.  Very tempting.  Screen is amazing and the camera is faster than the G3.  Also Panorama mode works - I find the G3's to be very glitchy by comparison.  It's right about the same size as the i6+ but slightly wider and thicker, as well as half an ounce or so heavier.  Like I said, very tempting.  And the BB and Samsung preorder deals are pretty good as well. 




 Well that provides a location for the fingerprint scanner.  Also, the menu and back buttons being in the bezel give you more usable screen area. 




 You'd adversely effect the phone's signal performamce if you used a metal cover unless you could be sure it was fully anodized/painted such that there was no metal/metal contact.

The antennas aren't in the metal band like an iPhone so that's why - see RF Exposure Info 1 para 1.4 for a diagram.

https://apps.fcc.gov/oetcf/eas/reports/ViewExhibitReport.cfm?mode=Exhibits RequestTimeout=500 calledFromFrame=N application_id=942994 fcc_id=A3LSMN910A
 




 I am a (very) infrequent consumer of alcohol, and I have never been party to illegal controlled substances.  But I don't go around telling others how they're horrible people just because they imbibe certain chemicals, natural or otherwise. 




 Hate to break it to you pal but that map's no longer accurate.  There's a Whole Foods in Fremont now, for example.  Was there in May.  Source: Mk 1 Mod 0 eyeball, plus grew up there and family still lives there. 




 Is that why I can never get Starbucks' app to work? 




 Bisexual male, LTR with a straight but not narrow woman.  As compared to me, she is a nymphomaniac.  Sometimes the physical and emotional needs she has wear on me, but I love her so I try to do my best.  Barring any unforeseen circumstances I intend to ask her to marry me in the near future.  Been down this road once before and am a bit nervous given how that worked out, but that was a different time and place and the ex and I were vastly different people.  Which is to say we were too alike to succeed. 




 Are you me?  Because, that's me you described.  Startlingly accurately. 




 Senior year 97/98 ;) 




 No, not in trouble with the teacher, in trouble with yourself for missing new material.

High school, oh man...Now I REALLY feel old.  That means when I was in  high school there's a one in four chance you weren't even born yet. 




 Don't disagree - have an LG G3 myself.  Be careful doing homework in class.  That got me in trouble back in the day (assuming you're talking college, you'd have been at best a kindergartner or first grader....man I now feel old lol). 




 Could ypu give me a usage scenario?  What would you need side by side?  I guess it's different for me as I can barely use devices in my job due to what I do for a living.  I see commercials of people using tablets and phones in their jobs and I wonder what that'd be like. 




 I can appreciate that.  I'm much in the same situation wrt people I consider friends.  I'm always available for a chat if you need to blow off some steam.  I'm sure many folks here feel the same.  I can't guarantee I'll be instantly available but fairly quickly. 




 I understand.  I heard similar comments when I was younger, but when I came out it was fine.  Yes, there was turbulence, but it was my fault.  I also was no longer loving at home, or even in the state.  Do you have a support system locally?  Friends, your fiance? 




 I can see this being useful on a tablet but on phones, not so sure of the utility. 




 It'll be gone right around the time racism fades away. 




 Why do you have to stay with your mom?  Is a nurse or other family member an option?  What are the reasons you haven't come out, just the accident?  I'm sorry you're going through this. 




 The G3 isn't listed on Mophie's compatibility page.

http://www.mophie.com/compatibility

I suspect that the current output is too low as I've seen that same error from the direct USB port in a Toyota Corolla rental I had last week - tried to charge, couldn't, popped that message up. 




 New features that haven't been incorporated into the regular builds.  Could be better performance, different fonts, different rendering engine...Just depends on what they're working on.  On  the desktop there are three or four different versions depending on how bleeding edge you want to be.  Beta is actually the "most tame" of those as it's where final testing happens prior to release.  I've always run Beta.  I run the Development channel on my desktop.  You can learn more about it from the desktop perspective here:

http://www.chromium.org/getting-involved/dev-channel 




 Drive it until the tires go flat and then get new tires and drive it some more.  The best thing you can do to ensure your car lasts a long time is learn how to drive it.  Learn how to drive it on sunny days, cloudy days, rainy days, icy days, snowy days, whatever kind of days and nights you have access to.  And those nannies, don't turn them off on the rainy/icy/snowy days.  Enough people have already and they always manage to find a guardrail, curb or lightpost. 




 Nothing like that on my phone...And I have a very dark background.  It does look like a distortion caused by pressure just like /u/chicagostreetwalker suggested. 




 Any Verizon LG G3 is unlocked (for use on other providers except for Sprint).  However, have you verified that the frequencies you need in Brazil are supplied by a US purchased phone? 




 Except that messing with the cats is illegal at the federal level and carries an enormous fine if they catch you.  So keep that in mind.  They don't tend to go after individual owners though - they go after the installers and the manufacturers.  But it's still a risk you should be aware of.

http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/42/7522

(a) Enumerated prohibitions
The following acts and the causing thereof are prohibited...

(3) (A) ...or for any person knowingly to remove or render inoperative any such device or element of design after such sale and delivery to the ultimate purchaser...

...which is what happens when an ultimate purchaser such as yourself removes a cat.  As an example. 




 Well, given that warranties are time OR mileage, and the first twins were late 2012, and it's only 2014, and it's a three year / 36k mi warranty (in the US)...That's why I went with mileage. 




 Insurance didn't care whether I had a lease or financing.  They asked "Are you leasing or financing?"  I said yes.  Simple as that.  They only care from the perspective of to whom the policy pays out.  Also, I have no requirement to have my maintenance done at a dealer.  Pretty sure they can't legally force you to do that, even on a lease.  Now, Scion Service Boost gives you maintenance for 22,500 miles (basically, first three oil changes) - maybe that's where you're confused?  I'm in the US as well - things don't vary THAT much on a state by state basis. 




 They are slowish in acceleration.  6.6 to 60 in a manual.  They are not slow through turns.  Once you get going, if you know what you're doing, you can cut pretty good times compared to other vehicles.

Source - I have one... 




 Uh...there are tons of people with more than 36,000 mi on their Twins. 




 I'm on 8.1 64-bit; worked the first time.  I'd already set it up for back when I rooted it with ioroot in July though right when I got it the first weekend so that might've had something to do with it.  It was a major PITA to get the drivers setup the first time. 




 Firmware update is the screen you want.  A lot of the directions are unclear.  It'll say Download Mode in tiny font then go to the Firmware Update screen.  At that point you're ready to start LGFlashtool and pick DLL and TOT file.  I just did this yesterday. 




 I did.  Yesterday.  Thread on XDA.

http://forum.xda-developers.com/verizon-lg-g3/general/restore-verizon-to-stock-t2827878

Now yes it says for Verizon but with the right tot file it'll wprk just fine.  Working smoother now for sure.  I disabled all the disableable stuff, then rooted with Stump Root, THEN hooked it to my Google account. 




 Thanks! 




 The one I have just looks like a miniature ratcheting socket wrench - the bits fit into the end.  Similar to this:

http://www.harborfreight.com/8-piece-right-angle-screwdriver-92630.html 




 Hey do you have any more pics?  I've been trying to decide between the red/white and the black/white for my 37J.  Leaning towards the red/white like you have as it lines up with what I've been doing (expanding the red accents on the seats out to the rest of the car).

Thanks! 




 Penderyn! 




 Well there was an update today.  Dunno if that'd make a difference for you.  November doesn't really matter though seeing as the G3 only came out in July...

I also rarely text because it drives me nuts.  So I don't know if you're one of the text fiends like most kids these days but I can't frakkin' stand texting.  What takes thirty minutes via text would take 30 seconds on a phone call. 




 The Sprint version was the last one rooted.  You took a big risk getting that version.  It may never pay off. 




 The case back you got does have four pins on it right, not just two?  Some folks have been getting scammed on eBay, only ending up with NFC backs... 
























