 The internet is full of people from all over the world.

Reddit is part of the internet. 


Some people are stupid, stubborn, arrogant, or just plain assholes. Sometimes all of the above. 

Nowhere else besides the internet can you interact with so many people all at once. 

You're bound to come across this pretty regularly. Don't let it get to you or let it tarnish your view of humanity as a whole. 




 Perhaps its just a thought provoking question that could garner some interesting answers from people ranging from hilarious to sound advice, or sometimes both, quite likely read by some new users, as these questions are viewable by everyone and not just the person who asked the question. 




 I really wanted to tell her that there was some problems and point at her kids and say "Their atrocious manners, or in this case lack thereof, was the problem."

I probably would have gotten written up for that though, no matter the situation. 




 A very detailed story about my cats Prince of Persia antics that resulted in broken things and toilet water all over. 




 Millions of active subscribers on a single subreddit, and occasionally a question gets asked that's better suited for a different sub.

*IMAGINE THAT!* 




 There needs to be pre warning in general, so people aren't surprised by a sudden blockage in the road and 10 relatively unprotected people. 

Also, a good portion of the time it's a lane closure, and they begin to taper the two lanes into one slowly giving 2 lanes of cars plenty of time to merge into one, in theory.

Also, they're often preparing construction even where they aren't current working (or so it appears). This can be misleading. They are actually doing something there. 




 I don't know. I've never met my teenage parents. 




 Remove the word naked and that's not a sentence that makes any sense... 

"I had my clothes on, buy at least the dog was." 




 An underage smoking ticket. I was under 18, and smoking, so let me clarify *why* this was so ridiculous. 

The legal smoking age in the US (or any tobacco products for that matter) is 18. This is also the age where you legally become an adult. 

I was definitely breaking the law, so a ticket was in order, but here's the fun part: Since I was 17 years old, I was charged as an adult, which for this particular citation meant triple the fine. Instead of a $100 fine, I got a $300 fine. 

Yes, you read that right. I was **charged as an adult for committing a crime that had I been an adult, would not have been a crime.** 




 People who are quiet. A lot of times these people have some degree of social anxiety and the last thing they need is to be called out about being quiet and become the center of attention. Happens way too frequently. 




 TIL. Never ceases to amaze me how no matter what the topic is there is *always* a relevant subreddit. 




 If you have to resort to asking anonymous people on the internet, it's not very thoughtful... at least not on your part... 




 I work in a gas station and this kind of thing is bound to happen occasionally and it's not really a big deal. Sometimes you grab something thinking you want it and decide you want something else and put it down there. It's lazy but not really a big deal. 

The other day though... this lady stops right in front of the door (which is a no parking zone as per fire code) but made a very fast beeline to the bathroom. I figured she had a turtle head poking out so I let it slide (no pun intended) and said nothing. She was in there for like half an hour. When she finally came out she just walked outside and got in her car and sat there for another 10 or so minutes. Then she got back out and came inside with 2 girls (I'd guess 10 and 13). I figured they were gonna buy something, but no, she says to the kids "Wait for me here I'll be right back".

The kids immediately begin grabbing handfuls of merchandise from one shelf and putting it on other shelves. Like 30+ misplacements with a minute. So I calmly walked out and began putting things back where they belong and said "You're gonna stop doing that." Now one of the kids keeps grabbing a random item and running to me saying "How much is this???", handing it to me and then saying "Never mind I don't want it" while the other one slinks away behind some shelves or aisles to continue misplacing items and potentially steal shit. 

Normally when I watch a suspicious person, I try to make like I'm doing something else that requires me to be near them until I actually see them shoplifting or whatever. Not this time, these kids were straight up **brats.** I just stood there staring daggers at them the entire time their mom was in the bathroom. 

So like 10 more minutes go by and mom comes back out of the crapper and says to the kids "Were there any problems? Did anyone bother you?" The older one says "This guy (points to me) was following us around staring. It was scary." then hugs her mom. Her mom gives me a death stare and says something about how she was gonna buy something but not anymore, bitches a bit more and storms out with her daughters. I was dumbfounded. 




 If it's regular than yeah, but a lot of minimum wage dead end jobs have extremely sporadic schedules and this happening from time to time really isn't that ridiculous. 




 Midwest USA. 




 That's impossible without knowing the highest form of evolution, which would be purely guesswork for a multitude of reasons. 




 Life has no objective meaning to it other than to continue. So if you really want an objective meaning, it's to survive long enough to fuck enough times to have at least a few healthy well adapted offspring to perpetuate your genes. That's kinda depressing though, looked at as face value. 

Aside from that, every person's "purpose" ,if you will, is for themselves to decide. 




 Telling someone to walk in and demand (politely) to speak with a hiring manager to leave a good impression, and in theory upping your chances of being hired.

More often than not these managers are busy as fuck with all types of things, not just looking through applications and resumes, and chances are pretty good they've already seen your resume anyway. They often feel like you're just wasting their time. 

This applies less to small business and "mom and pop" stores but let's face it how many competitive wage jobs can be found in those markets? 




 "Is your ass jealous of the incredible amount of shit that comes out of your mouth?" 
























 Who the fuck doesn't think dogs can look up? Someone who's literally never seen a dog before? 




 That doesn't even remotely refute his statement that a single bullet *can absolutely kill someone instantly if it hits the right spot.* 




 Literally anything can be psychology addictive... 




 Alcohol 




 [The coke scene from Corky Romano.]( https://youtu.be/QQN7WPleL9o ) 




 Driving on freeways (interstates) through rural areas with no exit for miles and miles. I don't know why. 




 007 Goldeneye for N64. 

Either that or Red Faction. I think that was for 64, but I could be thinking of something else. 




 I haven't got the patience to explain how ridiculous this question is. 




 Vanilla. 




 I stopped using facebook when I realized that I don't want to spend all day listening to everyone I know bitch and moan about stupid mundane crap while I'm doing my own thing on my free time. I listen to it enough when I'm socially obligated to do so in person. 

I also have quite a lot of family members (and to a lesser extent friends) who have views on certain topics that are just appalling in my opinion. I don't want to constantly read their opinions on said topics. I can pretty easily put my foot down in person and say I'm not having a conversation about something. 




 Because people will pay for it. 




 Further manned space exploration. 

Cmon Mars! 




 To understand human nature and evolve socially and economically for a future brighter than the past one must study blunders, failures, and atrocities as well as the heart warming events we wish to remember. 




 Oh this is gonna be a fun read later. 




 World Of Warcraft: Cataclysm

All in all it was fun but they began massively nerfing even heroic mode raids within the first month to cater to casual players but allowed them access the exact same titles and gear and effectively devalued the hard work of more dedicated raiders. 




 Anytime someone wins the lotto or inherits a large sum of money. 




 Once you're actually orbiting the earth you're not accelerating anymore but instead you're free falling toward the earth at the same rate of speed that the earth is curving away from you. You experience g-force during acceleration, so you would not experience any g-force while orbiting.

Edit: Its also worth noting that the speed at which you need to go to escape earth's gravity depends on a number of things but in this situation mostly the angle at which you're moving. At the speed of light, something with mass could orbit the earth at nearly surface level, assuming nothing got in the way, such as a tree, or a car, a building or a human. 




 Thin crust 

Tangy sauce 

Light layer of fresh mozzarella/provolone mixture, finely grated 

Mushrooms 

Onions 

Evenly spread thin sliced pepperoni 

Evenly spread sausage 

Evenly spread Canadian bacon 

Green olives, sliced medium thin

Another thin layer of the mozzarella/provolone mix

A thin layer of freshly grated Parmesan cheese 

A few thinly sliced cloves of roasted garlic spread evenly 

Baked at 400 for about 12 minutes 

Broiled for about 2 minutes for a golden brown top

Allow to rest for 5 minutes, slice and enjoy 

You're welcome. Your taste buds will love you. 




 Hive mind and trending opinions that change frequently. 

Nothing will fix it. 
























