 I love this story of his!  I've heard him tell it in a recording of a 3 hour lecture, just before a break.  Great punchline... :D 




 3 




 Why show up in the thread if you only came to impose a hierarchy, where only your version of anarchism is allowed?  It's evident in this thread and elsewhere in the sub that at least a few anarchists disagree about the particulars of personal property. 




 This is an effective response in many situations where people want to talk about "good cops."  Of course police officers are human beings, and many of them are reasonably nice people; as mentioned elsewhere, police work is attractive to a certain set of society for purely practical reasons (e.g. nice pension   pay, no degree required).

But these folks have dedicated their careers to actively supporting and taking part in a system that violently oppresses entire classes of society.  Debating whether the people involved are good or bad is generally a diversion from meaningful discussion about the causes of police brutality and possible solutions. 




 Wow...beautiful track.  A bit simplistic, but nice. 




 I recently acquired a few ounces of Plum Pudding, which is the first genuine English style blend I've smoked.

My first reaction was...wow.  How many distinct flavors can there be in one tobacco!  In particular, I was amazed at how nuanced and unique the smokey flavors of (I believe) the Latakia were.  I've smoked and enjoyed many blends by now, each with their own character and evolution...but nothing with this level of complexity.  And yet, I didn't find it harsh or overwhelming.

For those of you who are familiar with many English blends and with Plum Pudding - do you find the general qualities of this blend are common to many other English?  Are there specific other blends you'd recommend, knowing that I enjoy Plum Pudding?  How does it compare?

Have you had a similar experience when you first tried English style blends? 




 Other people are debating already.  Debate can be a powerful learning process; you don't have to be knowledgeable in a subject to have a useful debate with someone on that subject. 




 Ah, yes...these are all good points, and that is a fascinating read.

In fact, it offers solutions to most of the problems posed by OP. 




 Those are bold claims.  You believe that lobbying is less powerful as a political force than decentralized communication between individuals on the internet?

Why is it, then, that [voting behavior in America serves the aims of capital holders at the expense of the people](http://journals.cambridge.org/action/displayAbstract?fromPage=online aid=9354310)?  




 In actuality, I'd probably contact all my friends and relatives and see what they were doing about it.  Isn't that what most folks would do?

I'm pretty sure with 100 or so twenty and thirty somethings + their parents and no private property rights we could figure out a reasonably self-sufficient existence for ourselves.

But how does that relate to my hypothetical?  You think everybody would get food by doing oddjobs for this guy? 




 No, no.  I appreciate that OP is genuinely trying to debate this, and that they have some basic understanding of debate being a contest of ideas, where one tries to show through reason that an idea is true or false.

There are many folks in this sub who think it's a great place to call people names and dismiss their ideas as unworthy of discussion on the basis of their ethnic, political, or ideological group affiliation.

At least OP is trying.  Why not try to refute OP's ideas, or to convince OP of some alternate point of view? 




 I guess you've abandoned the claim that 3rd world labor exploitation is a problem with non-capitalist 3rd world governments, and isn't a fault of capitalist systems and firms. :P

...

You've offered several ideas about how to keep capitalism and lose exploitation of labor from poorer countries.  Imposing a minimum wage on foreign labor sounds like a great way to drive innovation in robotics and artificial intelligence, which would certainly reduce exploitation of labor forces.

I doubt that it could ever pass in a country committed to capitalism and democracy, though.  Just imagine an American Congressperson introducing such legislation!  It'd be political suicide; their capital-holding supporters would withdraw their financial and mainstream media support and pour millions into pro-exploitation opponents in the next election. 




 It's not necessarily idealistic.  I think gigacannon is saying that it's *possible* to create a good anarchist society, and that we could do it together *with a great deal of hard work, without which it would fail*.

Sounds pretty realistic to me.

Where does gigacannon assume that everyone will commit their time and effort?  While we're at it, why should such a thing require *everyone*? 




 I don't believe that's true at all, in this context.

If I had no means of obtaining food, I would not cling to my individualism and start looking for seeds in the wild so that I could grow something and eat it.  I would look for others who knew how to get some food, or who had food and might give it to me.

I don't believe that I'm unique in that.

If everybody had to work directly with others to survive because no imposed system existed, I imagine most people would start working together.

That doesn't require that everybody become selfless or that nobody ever screwed anybody else in order to get what they want.  It just requires that it's in most people's apparent self-interest to cooperate.

Incidentally, that's what we've got right now:  it's in most people's self-interest to go along with whatever imposed system exists in order to get their needs met, so that's what people tend to do.

Perhaps anarchist systems exist in which it's in most people's interest to cooperate with others in a decentralized, non-hierarchical way. 




 Hmm...I'm not sure that's relevant to Nihilozero's objection.  Don't you see how exploitation of 3rd world laborers, accomplished through the control of capital by multinational corporations in order to export and sell goods in capitalist economies is relevant to your claim that state and corporate capitalism isn't working?

If you believe that the problem is with the governments in countries where laborers are being exploited, and that existing capitalist systems are not responsible for it, you should at least formulate an argument in favor of this view.

It seems fairly obvious to me that the entities doing the exploitation are responsible for their actions, and that the system that enables concentrated control of capital by those entities is also responsible. 




 That's a very different and more reasonable claim than the one you led with.  I wonder if the anarchists here have a good reply. 




 Most of this is not true; you seem to have false beliefs about what we know about prehistoric humans.

We don't know that prehistoric humans had single leaders.  We don't know that they lived in small, scattered groups; there is some evidence that they lived in small family groups during some periods, but we certainly don't know. We have no reason whatsoever to believe that they lacked complex emotions *or language*, nor that they were any less rational than humans are today (unless you go back to other *species* with a smaller brains; farther than the time you're talking about).

Where you getting these ideas?  Has some great scientific discovery been made of which I am ignorant? 




 Pot calling the kettle black :/  PM_ME_YOUR_BBQ may not be familiar with anarchism, but at least they have some understanding of debate and are attempting to engage in it. 




 Interesting...

How can socialist economics be implemented without a governing body that collects taxes under threat of force? 




 Ah, for sure.

Without the deterrent of existing criminal justice systems, violence and fear of violence would be widespread? 




 You're saying that without a government and police force like we have now, individuals would have inadequate defense against the violence of others.  Right? 




 I suppose those things are both true.  How does that imply that anarchism could only succeed if all people were perfect? 




 It's a necessary and good comment for this sub; I hope to see many more like it.  /r/Anarchism is filled with hierarchies. 




 Go outside and play! 




 Then why are you posting in /r/DebateAnarchism? 




 OP made an argument in support of his claim.  You claimed it was a straw man.  You each have a burden of proof, but only OP has attempted to deliver.

If you want to debate, it's on you to show why OP failed.  Simply claiming that he has is no refutation. 




 Why isn't it true?  This is a debate subreddit. 




 Why couldn't it work without everybody being perfect? 




 Is there any specific statement made in the OP that you take issue with?  Your comment adds nothing to this. 




 You might really enjoy taking MDMA with a friend you trust, or perhaps alone.  Since you have a tendency toward anxiety, you should only take it if you can get a reliably pure and measure dose, and take a small dose to start.

[MDMA](http://maps.org/research/mdma) is a very beautiful and healing substance in the right setting.  At low-moderate doses (~100mg) with good hydration and no overheating it is perfectly safe.  It can help you get back in touch with feelings of love and empathy for yourself and others.  It's not a psychedelic drug, but it has some similarities.

Taking psychedelic drugs is a more challenging thing for a person prone to anxiety and perhaps depression.  You will almost certainly experience anxiety on psychedelic drugs.  It can be very good - a transformative experience, even.

You can also have very difficult and unpleasant experiences.  You anxiety could come up, and grow, transforming into a psychedelic fueled beast.  There are many things you can do to influence the kind of experience you have, and techniques that you or a friend can use to guide psychedelic experiences.  But you can't necessarily control this experience, and you may be terrified by that at times (as most people who've used psychedelics sometimes are).

So I see psychedelics as an undertaking, especially for folks who come to them with a particular negative experience they'd like to transform.  A noble and good undertaking!  But not one to be taken lightly.

I encourage you to try it out, though.  You should only use psychedelics if you can obtain a reliably measured and pure dose.  For example, you could buy a few grams of shrooms and a scale.  2 grams of psilocybe cubensis is a good starting point; it won't be very strong, so you can get familiar with what shrooms are like without feeling overwhelmed.  Then you can try 2.5 or 3 grams next time, if you like (a week or more later). 




 Psychedelics can burn you hard, but the mental health industry can easily convince you that there's little hope for great change and that you have to take these little pills forever that block out many aspects of human experience.

Whatever you decide to consume, be careful. :) 




 In many psychedelic and consciousness expansion oriented communities, I see this strong interest in forming new ways of conceptualizing or explaining consciousness and/or reality.

It seems to me like the most wrong-headed approach a person could possibly take, short of setting out to confirm an existing conceptual model of consciousness / reality.

In my life, the most important thing I have learned from my efforts to learn by exploring the depths of human experience is to accept the primacy of subjective experience.  I know that everything I have experienced and ever could experience has been just that - a subjective experience.  Every conceptual model of reality, every idea, every perception, everything has been just that.

You say:

But folks, it's just in your brain. Breathe, close your eyes, exhale taking your horizon to the farthest stars, the depths of the mind, reckon reality's weight, open your eyes and realize it's all in your head.

And I'm with you - with one small, but extremely important shift.  That idea, that perception, that this is all in a *location*, and in the *brain* in particular, is itself subject to that same truth - this is all in my head, my brain.  The idea and experience of location is located?  In my brain?  And what is a brain?  Another idea, ultimately.  You might say "no, no - the *actual* brain, the *actual* location!"  What's that?  It's the idea of a brain beyond the idea of a brain.

If I truly believe in a brain, that belief seems psychotic - it contradicts itself in an infinitely repeating spiral of brains.  It's not unlike the belief that "everything is one."  ^Everything ^is..^one?  ^^What's ^^one?  ^^Is ^^one ^^one?  ^^^AGHSGHGHGh

Similarly, if I believe my experience to be a completely separate entity from some other existent something somewhere else, that belief contradicts itself.  My conception of a separate entity is part of this experience; my conception of subjective experience is part of this experience.  There's no escaping this; nothing outside this, and nothing beyond this.

As human beings, we have this tendency, this habit, to go about conceptually modeling our experience.  It's an imperfect system.  In my experience, examining the edge case contradictions carefully has relaxed my attachment to it and allowed me to see it for what it is - an imperfect tool for dealing with practical problems.

So I don't try to conceptualize reality as an end in itself.  I'm curious about future conceptual models, especially those that come from analytic philosophers operating on the findings and ideas of scientists.  But I have no expectation that they'll come up with a model that doesn't suffer this same problem, because it's not a problem of lacking information - it's a problem with the system of mind.  Mind did not evolve in order to apprehend the absolute truth of reality.  It appears to exist in order to solve day-to-day practical problems well enough to keep us animals alive long enough to successfully breed.

...

That act, though, of looking up into the stars, of taking in the most vast and expansive scene...and acknowledging that it's reality.  I don't believe that the words, the conceptualization if necessary.  It can provoke an incredible shift, to acknowledge that this experience of vastness is apparently quite small, between my ears, and so on.  The activity of a brain.

But to stick on that idea, believing it to be true...what a mistake.  Not to say that you've made that mistake, in particular; your thought gave me quite a platform to launch from, but I do not know what was behind it (nor do I mean to assume that you believe any thought I've shared above).  Look at what is there, before your eyes!  In your mind!  In nobody's mind!  Before any idea about any brain or cosmos or you ever happened at all... 




 He's pretty easy to deal with before he's snowballed on ganks.  He has terrible stat gain and limited late-game damage.  He can be hit with untargeted spells while invisible, because his position is revealed.

What's the big deal? 




 Fuck that.  I see people in all kinds of ethnic groups espousing naive liberal bullshit. 




 He didn't say they fired live ammunition - only that they pointed guns loaded with live ammunition at him.  It's a big deal. 




 Oh god no please don't this swimming nonsense into reddit. 




 You've assumed that the pineal gland and the third eye are synonymous.  Why? 




 I've experienced strong effects from binaural beats and other forms of brainwave entrainment.  I've never used streamed audio for it; I wonder if the effect still works on heavily compressed source material. 




 I see "check your privilege" as one of those memes that only this special brand of simple-minded idiocy brought to you by years of mainstream/social media consumption can make appealing.  It's function seems to be to let you feel knowledgeable and superior while crippling any meaningful discussion of the complexities of life. 




 Not checking privilege is not an error in reasoning at all; it is simply an omission, a non-act.  A fallacy is a specific use of faulty logic.  It is like making a mistake on a math problem; when revealed, it is indisputable.  Ignorance alone is not a fallacy.

In this example, the error is the assumption that one's own experience is great evidence for what others have experienced.  It's pretty easy to point out this sort of error to a somewhat reasonable person in a way that they can hear and consider.  This is a great way to change the view of an intelligent person who's not on the defensive.

Aggressive demands like "check your privilege" are not a great way to change a person's view.

Just imagine...

"Check your privilege!"

"Why should I check my privilege?  I don't see any reason to believe I'm privileged - I worked hard for what I have.  All you see is an educated white guy, but I grew up poor and my grandma is from Israel.  Anyway I feel assaulted and this person is rude and doesn't make sense.  Fuck these anarchists - I'm going back to /r/politics!" 




 To me, that seems like such a strange thing to care about and identify with.  A person who is 1/8th Native must have about 7/8ths of other ancestries - and likely another ancestry holds the majority.  Why should such a person identify so strongly with their Native 1/8th as to be saddened by their lack of obvious Native features?

I don't mean this to be dismissive or unkind - I'm genuinely curious about your views on this, as you obviously have first-hand experience and care about it a great deal.  But on reading this now, it seems to me that I have about as much reason to identify as Irish, having an Irish-born great grandparent in my family tree.  But it would be a bit silly for me to lament my lack of visible Irish traits, wouldn't it? 




 :/ 




 Why is that a sad fact?  What's wrong with looking white? 




 What use can it serve to reply to a fallacious argument with "check your privilege," which would not be better served by pointing out the error in reasoning?  Any time fallacy has been committed, a direct and straightforward refutation can be made.

Why respond to faulty logic in a way that invites the person to miss the point entirely, when you could simply point out the faulty logic? 




 I don't believe that such people exist; there's no way to answer this question without acknowledging its baseless assumption that drugs turn people into nutters. 




 Hmm...yeah, sure.  Though it's far off topic.

You said:

 News is easy to digest. The media feeds us small bites of trivial matter, tidbits that don't really concern our lives and don't require thinking.

 lol, no it isn't. maybe the news you read is like that, but most news that actually is interesting enough to read has humoungous complex ramifications that not even a expert could fully understand on their own.

The article says that news is easy to digest.  Indeed, a great deal of news is easy to digest and trivial.  Instead of disputing this, you say that the claim is false because any news that's "interesting enough to read" isn't this way.

On a strict literal reading of the article's statement, you might think this is just fine.  But the argument's intent is clearly not to claim that every bit of news ever made is trivial and easy to digest.  It's talking about the general trend, the majority.

That there is some interesting and thought-provoking news somewhere is no contradiction to the claim that the vast majority of news is simplistic drivel.  In common speech, that would be said "News is simplistic drivel."  Kind of like how we can say "cats have four legs."  I'm not claiming that there are no three-legged cats when I say that.

* News is simplistic drivel
* But *real* news is actually quite thought-provoking
* Therefore news is not simplistic drivel

The conclusion does not follow.  You could characterize this as a variant of "No True Scotsman."  Is there some news somewhere that's actually quite complex and thought provoking?  Perhaps.  Does that change the rest of the news?  No. 




 I guess it doesn't bother you then.  You have patterns of thinking that lead to false conclusions, and you like it that way.  Oh well! :D 




 Haha, yeah.  If you accepted the idea that claims argued poorly are necessarily false, you'd have quite a collection of false claims... 




 There are important differences.  In particular, using a loan to start a business doesn't satisfy the hypothetical situation posed by your capitalist debate partner.

Although plenty of people use cash to start businesses, and occasionally even small businesses, this hypothetical is irrelevant to most compelling situations where anarchists and capitalist libertarians disagree.

Yes, sometimes a worker is able to generate enough money or equity to acquire means of production and work for themselves or even start a corporation.  But this represents a vanishingly small proportion of economic activity in capitalist economies on the scale of an actual state (let alone multinational economies).  In reality, the vast majority of economic activity comes from a relatively small number of entities that together control almost all capital.  

Do workers ever start small businesses?  Yes.  Marxism has a word for these folks, and it isn't flattering.  They do not matter, and it does not matter if their contribution to the economy is simultaneously capitalist and ethical.  In any existent capitalist economy, they are utterly dwarfed by the true players - whose actions cannot, by any stretch of the imagination, be construed as ethical.

For what it's worth.  There are many ways to go with this kind of hypothetical, but I honestly don't have any patience for it.  It's just a diversion from the actual problems of capitalism, imo. 




 Yeah...it's not salvia, and there's a good chance that its impregnated with dangerous novel synthetic chemicals.  Don't test it on human subjects. 




 Of course, of course.  It won't hurt, but it isn't something to rely on either.

Urinary pH influences the rate of elimination of amphetamine; perhaps taking a large dose of vitamin C or of citric acid (juice) would influence this enough to reduce the duration of an experience already underway, but I'm quite skeptical.

Coadministration with acidic juices is another matter, and certainly can effect absorption of amphetamine on an empty stomach. 




 Yes, that's true.  Although half-life doesn't translate directly into duration of effect, given such a long half-life I wouldn't expect the effect to be mostly gone by hour 6.

My experience with IR adderall was that I would not sleep for at least 8 hours after a low dose (10 or 20mg).

People do vary quite a bit in their ability to sleep on the trailing end of a stimulant drug experience, though.  I wouldn't take oral amphetamine past noon if I wanted to sleep at 10:30, but I also wouldn't drink a cup of coffee past 2pm. 




 This isn't true at all. :/ 




 That's highly unlikely.  I did a quick search but was unable to find an easy, kitchen chemistry method for defeating the time release of dextromethorphan polistirex.  Perhaps it's out there.  There are whispers all over drugs forums about some post somewhere that reports a lemon juice method that works, but I couldn't find a reliable description.

If you're dosing tonight, I'd just take it as is. 




 Yeah, I have no problem with your answer dude. 




 The degree of dependence differs between them.  It's relevant.  Askdrugs is a harm reduction sub. 




 Dependence will occur with regular use of benzodiazepenes at a decent dosage in just about anybody...it should certainly be a factor considered in a decision between benzodiazepenes.  OP's doctor has surely considered it, and that may even be their primary reason for switching OP off Xanax. 




 Lorazepam (Ativan) is shorter acting than Clonazepam, which makes it a better candidate for recreational use.  However, it is slightly more habit forming; you'll likely have greater difficulties with dependence and withdrawal on lorazepam than clonazepam.

They have quite similar effects apart from duration in my experience. 




 Well, I think you'd benefit greatly from reading through your post with the poster up, identifying each fallacy you used.  I don't imagine you care.  But I thought I'd give it a try.  The errors in reasoning are there; your thinking is faulty.

Doesn't that bother you? 




 For sure...I had a good chuckle at the irony as I began reading, too. 




 It's not a news article.  It's a reprinted excerpt of an essay. 




 This is an edited extract from an essay first published at dobelli.com. The Art of Thinking Clearly: Better Thinking, Better Decisions by Rolf Dobelli

It's ironic for the Guardian to republish an extract of this essay, but it's not a news piece.  Did you read it?  It's quite obviously an analytic essay, which is about as far from news copy as you can get without being a novel. 




 This is an edited extract from an essay first published at dobelli.com. The Art of Thinking Clearly: Better Thinking, Better Decisions by Rolf Dobelli

Reading news inhibits your ability to distinguish the source of the material you're reading! :P 




 It's no refutation to simply claim that an argument is baseless, its author a moron, and so on.  You would benefit from a [basic education in common errors in reasoning](http://i.imgur.com/OOA8QzF.jpg).  Most of your replies contain at least one - all of which can be found on the linked poster!

If you truly believe that any specific statement in the article was false, you could do yourselves and us a service by attempting to refute it.  Go ahead - find a line or reasoning in the article with a conclusion that you believe doesn't follow, quote it here, and then show why it's wrong. 




 (Just in case anybody cares to read this long, tangential rambling)

Well...I don't have a particular take on plant consciousness, I guess.

But I don't have a particular take on human consciousness, either.  I studied cognitive neuroscience, comparative neurobiology, philosophy, and psychology for a few years at university.  I've practiced mindfulness and used psychedelics and other tools to learn about human experience directly.  I lost a lot of beliefs about life and consciousness through all of this, because I realized that I have no reason to believe that I am conscious - that consciousness is in any way particularly associated with me or my humanness.

There are things that it's like to be human.  There's something that it's like to see blue, to feel a touch, to think a particular thought, and so on.  These experiences depend on different parts of the human body functioning a certain way. Some of these dependencies are well mapped by scientists, like the parts of the visual cortex that do the calculations that map the edges of objects.  You won't see edges without that activity occurring.

But there's no particular reason why those cells relating to one another that way should look like edges; they do the math that calculates edges, but so can many things.  They're cells, but so are many cells.  People have told me that the perception of edges must be in the neurons that calculate the shape of edges, and other variations on that theme.  Well, which part?  Is it this neuron, or that?  Is it the whole network?  If so, then shouldn't any network of neurons have a subjective experience associated?  And what about other cells?  And what about non-cell molecules that are arranged similarly?  Etc.

There doesn't seem to be any way to draw a line between any particular thing that has subjective experiences (like a part of a network of cells, or a brain, or an organism) and some other thing that doesn't without entailing some logical contradiction.  And when I examine my own experience directly through mindfulness, I notice that things I take to be conscious, to be me, easily lose that quality of seeming awareness and dissolve whenever I cease to identify with them.  Subjectively, there doesn't seem to be any entity that consciousness is associated with in particular.

But there's something that it's like to experience everything I've ever experienced, and I have no reason to believe that's different beyond what I can experience.  So, I imagine there's something that it's like to be a plant, or some part of a plant, or any part of a plant, and that it's related to the way that plants interact with other things (the way that the particulars of human visual experience are related to the way our eyes and nerves and brains and so on interact with our world).  And I imagine there's something that it's like to be dirt, and rocks, and air, that's somehow related to what air and dirt and rocks are from other perspectives.

...

It's quite funny to me, now, that to many people, the idea that plants (or bacteria, or rocks) have some kind of experience is controversial, is a claim that requires evidence.  Has anybody ever seen anything that wasn't some kind of experience?  Of course not.

So shouldn't the controversial claim, the claim that would require some great weight of evidence, be the claim that something somewhere *isn't* having an experience? 




 Great article.  Much of what they say about news applies equally to most of reddit. 




 Only the orientals are safe 




 Seconded.  Remember not to scrimp on quality thermal compound, either.  Correctly applied, it'll drop your core temperature by 12 to 16 C. 




 Really?  I read through the thread and I honestly can't see how banning Nyoza would improve the subreddit.  Is the goal to become a circlejerk where everybody sees everything exactly the same way? 




 I resonate with much of what you said, but I do feel that it's oversimplifying very complex social dynamics.

I see your opening as a kind of false middle ground appeal.  The existence of extremes doesn't imply that a middle ground would be superior to either extreme, nor that both extremes have their place - any more than it implies that one or the other extreme is superior.

Do you know what I mean?  It's very bold to claim that some balance between violence and complete obedience is the way of progress.  Many great things have been accomplished through violent revolution, and many great things have been accomplished through pacifism.  It's not obvious what any particular person or movement should do at any particular time. 




 Ho ho!  May the clear light of an unclouded intellect shine upon your ebony man-curls as the first rays of dawn!  May the frigid salty spray of incontrovertible insight dash upon the rocks of your chiseled captainesque countenance!

edit: seriously I wish you no ill.  cheers.. 




 I never called you childish - I called your line of reasoning childish.  Was it a personal attack?  I don't think so, but it's debatable.  In the context of that conversation it was no more impolite than what it followed.

Anyway, goodbye.  I only have so much time and I'd like to spend it another way now.  I wish you the best.  May the light of reason one day shine upon your blessed black beard! 




 It's no lie.  Look at each reply you made.  Not one of them addresses the *actual claim being made and its underlying reasoning*.  You quote me, and then you attack me.  But what you don't do is make any specific logical objection to any specific thing I've said.

Debate is not just vehement disagreement going back and forth.  When you quoted me saying that your definition of racism is not common or useful, you support that I never claimed it was not valid.  You know why?  Because I never used the word valid, and you didn't make any argument to show that my argument entailed it not being valid.

If you had, then I could have conceded the point or offered  rebuttal or whatever, and we could debate.  Because all you've done is quote me and express violent disagreement, there is no debate to be had.

Do you see the difference?  It's about reason.  Logic.  Addressing the idea instead of making it personal. 




 Really...you tell me that pointing out flaws in your reasoning and trying to convince you to address the idea instead of abusing me *in a debate subreddit* is bad because I should "refute the central point, and not the character of the person" as per the rules.  In the same post, you look up my posting history, call me a libertarian because I've posted in r/bitcoin, and tell me to go back to /r/libertarian and leave /r/debateanarchism?

Meh.  I guess I'll give up on you seeing reason for now.

I keep trying to think of something to say to how you still think I've questioned whether your definition of racism is valid, but all I would say is what you already quoted me saying.  It's as though you don't speak English. :/

Ok bye. 




 I have seen similar things.  It's a real bummer to meet people who seem to be into anarchism, freedom, dismantling oppression, etc...and then it turns out they're the evil twins of white bigotry.

Like most anti-rational hate mongering, this too is weak and failing.  Yay :D 




 Come on!  I am not arrogant and I'm not a troll.  I'm trying to get you to engage in debate, which is the purpose of this sub.

Debate can only happen when at least two people agree to engage in rational discourse.  When you reply to my postings only to insult me or to pretend that I've said one thing when in fact I said another, no debate can occur.

Which is a bummer, because debate is excellent!  That is why I keep suggesting that you address the logic, the reason.  You know things that I don't know.  I know things that you don't know.

I could be wrong about everything I've claimed in this thread!  I don't know yet because nobody has attempted to refute me. 




 Why don't you follow the rules of this subreddit and its topic?  This is a debate sub.

If you disagree with an argument I've made, please tell me why it's flawed.  Then we could have a debate ! :D

I never questioned whether it was a valid definition, whatever that means to you.  It's internally consistent.  I said it was a useful concept.  But it's not a common definition.  I did a little reading and learned that it's a significant, but fringe definition used by some sociologists.  Perhaps its also common among some anarchist subcultures? 

Your source wasn't relevant to my claim that its not a common definition.  You have yet to address that..

edit:  /r/Libertarian is not how I came to this sub.  There is little or no good debate to be had there. 




 Hey, I made a light jab at you while making a relevant point about your linguistics derail trolling, and I moved on.  My jab doesn't change anything about the value of the arguments I've made before, during, and after it.

Whether any particular argument I've posed to you is sound remains to be seen, as you have yet to address anything I've said...

Or, for that matter, anything anybody has said.  Every reply I see by you here misses the point and attempts to refute a straw-person.. at best. 




 Capn Blackbeard, I'm beginning to suspect that your interest in posting in /r/DebateAnarchism is not, in fact, to debate anarchism.  I've pointed out a clear and, at this point, obvious flaw in your reasoning - and your response is to flame me.

Why?  Why not refute my reasoning, as I appear to have refuted yours? 




 I never claimed that you are the only person who uses the definition of racism that, in this thread, only appears to be held by you.  I claimed that it is not a commonly held or particularly useful definition of racism.  That it's been used in a book, a blog post, and on an anarchist website is no contradiction.

Perhaps it would be more useful to discuss the use of this definition within various subcultures at present, or to discuss the merits and detriments of various definitions of racism, or to discuss anything at all without resorting to faulty rhetoric and personal attacks. 




 Blatant straw person argument - come on, Capn Blackbeard. blackrosesinwinter did not claim that words work just fine without any consensus of meaning at all - they simply claimed, quite reasonably, that language works without "having strict definitions for every word."

You're not trying to understand other people's point of view, or even to understand their posts in the most basic sense.  Why even talk? 




 I'm with you.  Capn Blackbeard has a boner for making everybody use their definition of racism, correcting people for using language the way they use language.  It's childish and accomplishes nothing. 




 You're just nitpicking semantics now.  Like several others in this thread, I don't think your definition of racism is commonly held or useful.  You should find a new word.

edit:  It's a useful concept, it just doesn't make sense to call it racism when the etymology and common usage of the word directly contradict your preferred use. 




  I really don't agree that they "only perpetuate racism," as using racism like that robs it of any power. If we can say that me calling a black person the n word, and them calling me a cracker are both racism, then its useless as a word because those are such qualitatively different things.

I suspect that you have a good point, but you've overstated it so strongly as to be absurd.  There is use for a concept that captures derogatory use of the word nigger, that also captures derogatory use of the word cracker.  If you think that racism should only refer to discrimination based on race that is directed toward people who aren't white, you should present an argument in favor (or at least present a coherent, rational position). 




 I've dealt with a fair amount of psychedelic anxiety.  My approach has been to buy a scale and measure doses, taking fairly low doses often as a way to engage with my anxiety and learn to relax with the experience of a drug.  It's worked well for me.  Over time, I've grown much more accepting of the loss of control that comes with high doses.

A scale that can accurately weigh doses of 10, 20, or 30mg is fairly expensive, but is an absolute necessity when preparing doses of a substance like psilacetin.

Psilacetin is comparable to psilocin and shrooms.  Just use the same literature as a guide you would use for shrooms, but dose according to specific advice for dosing psilacetin (like the advice from tozy92 above). 




 No - it's not normal.  But for now, try to take your mind off it, stay hydrated, don't take any more drugs until you've come down.  Relax.

But unless you start feeling worse, the best thing you can do now is to chill out and sober up.  If you feel worse, go to the ER.  Otherwise, call a doctor tomorrow, tell them you had chest pain that scared you, and get your heart checked out.  It's the only sane thing to do.

And, of course, **don't do any more stimulant drugs**.  And lay off the weed as well until you've seen a doctor and confirmed that you're ok. 




 Sounds like a pretty normal low dose experience.  Visual effects come at higher doses than effects on internal perceptions, mood, thought process, etc.  Though most would experience some visuals at a 3 gram dose, people vary in their response, and shrooms vary in potency.

I'd suggest trying the same dose with a proper week-long break from the SSRI before upping the dose, though.  But if that yields a similar result, he could try 4g after that.  Could be quite a different experience. ^_^ 




 I disagree.  It sounds to me like he was quite conflicted, and tried to change what was happening while working there until he finally gave up and then *continued to try to change it from the outside*.  There's no need to demonize someone just because he happened to be a cop for a few years. 




 You shouldn't have.  Almost every piece of writing intended for popular consumption has some disgustingly common misuse of jargon that will offend any person who knows the field where that jargon originated.  Why let that stop you from reading a thought-provoking and insightful opinion piece by a former cop who should really know better than to call a magazine a clip? 




 The internet, unlike real life, never forgets.  That isn't a good thing.  People change constantly, and their past should be allowed to soften and...well, pass.

Yet I see a string of hateful comments from people who won't accept your apology, or at least keep their anger about things long gone to themselves.  Why hold on to things said years ago, views expressed that are no longer held?  Life is not like that.  Why behave so childishly just because you're on the internet?

If you can't forgive, at least let your misguided anger go unspoken.  It serves no useful purpose. 




 The negative effects that marijuana has on memory are substantial, and you have good reason to be concerned for your girlfriend's ability to perform in school.

Perhaps you could help her by sharing this excellent news from the world of science: [at least some of the negative effects on memory can be blocked by pretreatment with an NSAID or other anti-inflammatory food or drug](http://www.scientificamerican.com/podcast/episode/in-mice-anti-inflammatories-amelior-13-11-21/).

Your girlfriend could keep smoking just as she is now, but add some anti-inflammatory foods to her diet (e.g. ginger, turmeric) and take less of a hit to her memory. 




 If it does effect the trip, it will only reduce the effects of the shrooms.  So you have nothing to fear from an interaction; the worst case is disappointment.

Although by now, I suppose you've already tripped.  Please share how it went!  It could be useful information for another Celexa user searching reddit one day. 




 Yes, whey protein is absorbed very quickly relative to casein and common whole food proteins.  This is probably why it's so effective post-workout. 




 Yeah...JigabooFriday needs to share more details, this doesn't sound like any DXM-only reaction I've ever heard of. 




 That's true, but misleading.  Black market synthetic drugs often contain active byproducts of the production process.  Perhaps purity is not the right word here, as it's common for amphetamine to be combined with an inert binder and pressed into pills (which is obviously not a problem).

At any rate, I can't advise you about judging the quality of black market amphetamine as I haven't used it since my early college years.  It should be easy enough [in this day and age](/r/darknetmarkets) to buy some diverted pharmaceutical amphetamine if you have concerns about the quality of what's available.   




 If you get reasonably pure amphetamine, there should be little or no noticeable difference.  The only significant difference you should find is with Adderall extended release.  You can approximate the effect of extended release by dividing a single dose into two doses, taken several hours apart.

There will be minor differences in the effect and potency because of differing ratios between the two isomers of amphetamine.  Amphetamine is a chiral molecule; it exists in multiple, chemically equivalent forms that mirror one another but behave slightly differently.  In the case of amphetamine, the difference in activity between the two isomers is not great.  Adderall has a set ratio between them (1:3).  I'm not sure about street amphetamine's isomer ratio, but I imagine it varies.

That said, you're unlikely to be able to tell the difference at equivalent doses. 







































 Hello!  I've been smoking a pipe for a few months and enjoy it quite a bit.  I'm about to restock on tobacco and am looking for suggestions.

I've only tried a few blends so far.  I tried Orlik Golden Sliced and didn't really care for it.  I enjoyed Peter Stokkebye Luxury Bulls Eye Flake quite a bit.  I didn't like the smoky taste of a generic English blend I found locally, nor the ketchup of a Mclelland's bulk Virginia/Perique.

I don't have a clear understanding of what flavors and characteristics correspond to different varieties of tobacco, beyond some basics (e.g. Orlik probably burned hot because it's mostly Virginia, Latakia is smoky), so I'm at a bit of a loss going forward.

Anybody have a suggestion that someone who enjoyed Peter Stokkebye Luxury Bulls Eye Flake and doesn't like smokey Latakia flavors or ketchup might enjoy as well?

edit:  thanks for the suggestions, plenty of good ideas to go on for this restock. :) 
























 Be careful!  The linked procedure is quite dangerous to attempt without some education in chemistry and lab safety. 




 It would make sense for DMT to show cross tolerance with other tryptamine psychedelics, but there are many anecdotal reports suggesting it doesn't.  Also, one of [Rick Strassman's studies on DMT](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/8731519) demonstrated that no tolerance to psychedelic effects develops in response to repeated doses of DMT in humans.  It seems that DMT has different tolerance mechanisms from other psychedelics. 




 You sure about that dose?  Maybe 100mg? 
[package insert suggesting 50mg is the low end of a clinical dose](http://www.fda.gov/ohrms/dockets/ac/04/briefing/4006b1_06_zoloft-label.pdf) 




 Probably not.  7 doses just isn't much to build dependence.  If you're concerned, I suppose you could skip a day in the middle just to be certain. 




 Pinker ignored or misrepresented the interesting points of Gray's piece, which wasn't a critique of Pinker's facts, but of his reasoning and the conclusions drawn from them. 




 I wouldn't base a decision like this on anything but solid scientific evidence.  Unless this yields a link to a peer reviewed study of long-term ibuprofen use, you should consult a doctor.  You could really hurt yourself.

If you want to take an NSAID in relatively strong doses a few times a week long-term but can't establish safety, you might consider using a natural one with a long history of human use (e.g. [ginger](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20837112), [turmeric](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17569207), or extracts of either). 




 Salvia divinorum can be grown as a houseplant in most climates.  The most challenging part is obtaining cuttings and getting it established, as it can't be grown from seed.  It isn't legal everywhere, but even where illegal it's unlikely to ever be an issue; it just looks like a nice houseplant from the Salvia genus, of which there are many.

You may be skeptical if your only experience with the plant is from smoking or vaporization.  It has much greater depth and ease when used orally. 




 What garbage!  This article is just an excuse for advertisement, and is both ill-conceived and misleading. 




 Who cares?  The individual experience of performing guard labor isn't what this article is about; the implications of having a large part of an economy's labor force dedicated to guard labor are more important. 




 I'm not advocating for one over the other; it'd be a false dichotomy anyway, as they aren't mutually exclusive by necessity.  My point is that the ideals of science are good for doing science, but aren't necessarily good for all situations and purposes.  There are plenty of situations where something else is better, or where science is not the only useful perspective.

edit:  I am quite troubled by the role of religion in modern society.  It seems to encourage a lot of anti-rational, backwards thinking. 




 But analytic philosophy isn't based on tangible reality - its based in reason, which is intangible.  It is consistent over time and it can adapt to new information, though.  But it isn't always helpful!  I can imagine many situations that would be greatly worsened by the introduction of analytic philosophy, that could be improved by use of religious ideas.

Take, for example, a religious person with stress induced heart disease.  They believe that God created the universe, and reject evolution and science as hogwash.  They find comfort and relaxation in thinking about God and reading the Bible, and so on.  But they're deeply troubled by challenges to their faith - especially from atheistic disciplines like science and philosophy!  What's most important for this person is that they relax and not stress, as stress will worsen their disease state.

Would that person's situation be better served through rational discourse on science and philosophy?  Or could a religious counselor be of better help?  If the latter would be more helpful, doesn't that contradict your criteria for deciding what is helpful and what isn't? 




 What makes one helpful, and the other not? 




 You're too attached to the idea that science is the only valid approach to consider the logical foundations of that idea and their flaws.  Religion, here, is only an example to show errors in your reasoning.  You don't know whether I agree or disagree with you about any particular application of science or religion; I didn't claim that religion is better or worse for anything. I did attempt to show how your logic can go either way (and is therefore questionable).

It's no good for science when it becomes a dogma, a collection of other people's beliefs for you to accept or reject on the basis of ordinary thinking, without critical examination.  Science grew hand in hand with analytic philosophy for good reason - it *requires* rigorous logical examination to remain science. 




 Ha.  So instead of considering the possibility that your view may not be perfect, you've endorsed first-person, qualitative investigation by children as a form of science? 




 How do you know?

And...wait, who cares?  You're ignoring the point.  I could just as easily frame it like this:  you can't make spiritual decisions (like how to deal with troubling visions) on the basis of science - whose domain is physical - that would be chaos!

Same logic...the only difference is in which system is assumed to have dominion over the phenomenon in question. 




 Well, I can't say that I follow your reasoning about health and western thinking and so on.

Examples?  I suppose the easiest examples to make relevant are from religious worldviews.

How about some form of Buddhism?  There are many variations, but it's safe to say that none of them are science and some of them are rational, and some the rational variants have useful implications for people whose subjective experience of life is especially problematic.

Why not frame it in a Buddhist worldview, instead of a scientific one? 




 I've found the beverage resulting from this method to be quite enjoyable:

 * 3 - 6 tbsp powdered kava
 * .5 - 1 tbsp soy lecithin
 * ~1tbsp cocoa
 * ~1tsp (not tbsp) each cinnamon, cardamom
 * 12 oz water

I put all this in a blender, blend for 2 minutes, let stand for 2 minutes, and pour into a glass through a sieve (not cloth - just a metal sieve to get any coarse fiber).  I let that settle for a minute and drink.  I take care not to mix it up after the fact, and I don't drink the very end of the glass (which is largely fiber).

It tastes great and is reasonably strong.  I even find it enjoyable when warm.  Can be blended once more for a second round, but the third blending invariably yields nothing but fiber. 




 ruh roh  




 The question assumes a conceptual framework itself: one that includes professional mental health advice.  This makes it very challenging to answer without supporting your position.  It's not unlike asking whether I've stopped beating my spouse.  I can't answer that question without implying that I have beaten my spouse.

What about using any of the myriad systems of understanding human experience that aren't based in the last few hundred years of western thinking?  You could look at it so many ways.

Why frame it as mental health at all? 




 Huh.

When I was at university working towards my BS under a bunch of scientists, they had a different definition of science, and quite different ideas about the history of science and other conceptual frameworks.

Your science = evidence and replication, everything else = guessing dichotomy seems quite limited by comparison.

Too each their own, I guess. 




 Those are the only possibilities you can conceive of - science, or literally guessing?  So you believe that before ~65 years ago (around the time genuine scientific investigation of mental illness began), all anybody ever did about mental health was to literally guess? 




 Why? 




 Haha - where would I even begin?  I'm having a hard time imagining anything worth typing in reply to such brazen naivete, anything that could lead to rational discourse and mutual understanding.

Of course I wouldn't advise anybody to use cider vinegar to treat their schizophrenia.

However - it does seem absurd to me to believe that of all the myriad conceptual frameworks human beings have devised over the last few thousand years, there is only one which can serve as a rational basis for giving people advice.

Science is how we learn and understand things. Without some sort of scientific proof or research, we're just pissing into the wind hoping not to get wet. 

Do you really believe this?  If so, how do you decide (for example) what to do in relationships with others?  What would you do if a friend came to you and was very sad?  If you hugged them and said comforting things without first checking Pubmed for a double blind placebo controlled study on alleviating sadness in friends, would that be just pissing into the wind and hoping not to get wet?

And what about all the things you learned growing up about how to form relationships and care for others?  You didn't learn that stuff from science - you learned it by being with people, observing them, trying things out and getting feedback, thinking about it, and talking about it with others.  Is all of that understanding garbage, simply because its not from science?  Or, is it possible that some of that understanding is valuable, and could perhaps serve as a rational basis for giving advice? 




 Perhaps you have some insight into schizophrenia, and perhaps you don't, but it would be far more productive to make specific critiques of specific statements than to simply bombard your apparent opponent with rhetoric and insults.

Angry ranting from an assumed position of authority is not going to change minds on the internet... 




 It's rational to doubt a pharmaceutical company's research, but it's irrational to go to the other end of the spectrum and give out advice on things with no scientific basis whatsoever.

Why?  This statement seems to rely on an unspoken assumption that the only rational basis for giving advice (or at least, advice on this topic) is science. 




 Haha, thanks...but that isn't a source for those claims at all; it's an article in a chiropractic web magazine.  It has inline citations, but no list of references...all it tells us is that someone writing for a chiropractic web magazine believes those are true absorption rates.

edit:  here's a source showing that folic acid supplements are absorbed about the same in tablet or liquid form [pubmed](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22579722) 




 Do you have a source those absorption rates? 




 You don't chew it like normal gum.  You just crush it once or twice with your teeth (not difficult) and then tuck it between your cheek and teeth to be absorbed.  You could probably use the gum just fine and in my experience the gums are superior to lozenges.

You could even crush it with your hands and then put it in your mouth without chewing at all.  The nice thing about the gum is that you can modulate the rate of nicotine delivery by how much and how often you break it up, which isn't really possible with a hard lozenge. 




 GODOGDGHRFNEFEOFENIEKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEKEKEKEKEKKEKEKEKEKEKEKFUCK 




 Sadly, I am not. :(  I would love this /r/nootropics if it were a parody of itself where people intentionally distort the limits of human knowledge on substances to suit their apparent desires for ironic comedic effect.

It amazes me how much dislike one can get on science oriented subs for advocating for the position that we know slightly less than some of us seem to believe.  Actual scientists believe very little; "science-oriented" internet posters believe whatever is convenient, often. 




  So the supplemented dosages of L-theanine used today are comparable to the amount of L-theanine a relatively heavy tea drinker **could** get.

She tried very hard to make it sound certain, but had the good sense not to make a ridiculous claim as L-theanine levels are usually closer to 0 than 50mg. 




 Really?

The first quote is about the safety profile of L-theanine being equivalent to that of water, which is obviously false although the post above this one implied it was true.

The second is about whether L-theanine has a long history of human use as a significant component of tea, which is unknown.

One thing can be known while another is not...please, if you're going to post, at least *try* to understand what you yourself are saying first. 




 A cup of tea can have anywhere between 0-50mg of L-theanine. People don't always just drink one cup of tea, they could easily drink several in one sitting. So the supplemented dosages of L-theanine used today are comparable to the amount of L-theanine a relatively heavy tea drinker could get.

Perhaps; as you say, it's unknown.  Heavy tea drinkers *may* consume similar doses of L-theanine to those commonly taken by supplement users, and they may not.

So we don't know whether L-theanine as a component of tea has a long history of human use at these doses.  It certainly doesn't have a long history of human use by itself.

If people are going to worry about things just because they're concentrated and isolated then virtually everything you buy in the store is suspect. That threshold for worry is just way too low for most people.

:/

To be honest, I find that point of view quite naive and irresponsible.  Scientists are constantly examining the safety of various natural product components - often long after they've been released and marketed as health supplements.  Many "natural" supplements have been found to have negative effects at some doses and in some combinations, usually after they've already penetrated the supplement market and been taken by thousands of people.

Perhaps most people can't be bothered to consider the safety of supplements they put in their bodies, but they probably *ought to*.

I use an evidence-based approach to decide what supplements to use and at what doses, because I understand where scientific knowledge comes from and know enough about physiology to have a healthy concern for chemicals with unknown safety profiles.

If you have a basic understanding of how to research supplements and distinguish good evidence from internet garbage, it really doesn't take much effort to learn whether a particular supplement use is likely safe.  Often a minute or two reading on webmd is sufficient. 




 I'm sorry, I don't think you understood any of my points.  I don't really understand yours, either; you didn't even bother to write intelligible English.  If MisterYouAreSoDumb knew his or her stuff, they would not make such ridiculous statements.  If you object to any specific statement I made, you ought to share your understanding of why I am wrong.

Spending time in car traffic is actually quite dangerous, and a person who drives daily is reasonably likely to suffer health consequences as a result.  But that does nothing to establish the safety of any particular supplement. 




 Really?  You're equating the history of human use of alcohol, caffeine, and L-theanine?

L-theanine has a long history of human use in low dosage as a component of tea, and an extremely short history of human use in higher doses as an isolated supplement.

Alcohol has a long history of human use across the entire usable dosage range, and a fairly long history of use in the most concentrated forms that are commonly available.

The date of the patent on L-theanine is only tangentially relevant; it does nothing to establish a history of use at specific dosages.  The fact that it's an amino acid does not alone establish safety of any particular daily dose.

...

Although many things are dangerous at a high enough dose, substances differ markedly in the ratio between an effective dose and a dangerous one.  Low doses of arsenic, lead, mercury, and so on are safe and well tolerated - yet these substances are not equivalent to water in their safety profile, and neither is L-theanine.

Come on.

MisterYouAreSoDumb's post is a compelling argument for **ignoring redditors who dismiss important questions about supplement safety**.

That his post is heavily upvoted, and the only objection yet posted is heavily downvoted strongly suggests that /r/nootropics is a bad place to ask advice about nootropics... 




 me, with ego death, to sort of analyze my shortcomings and things that I need to improve about myself

Well... no.  *You will actually die when this occurs.*  It's quite literal that way.  People are terrified by this and resist it very effectively, more often than not.

Ego death is not an experience that you can have; it's the end of you, for awhile anyway.  You will cease to arise.

The only parts you could seem to experience are the beginning and end of that death.

It could lead to some personal insight or growth afterwards, as you'll experience the reboot of you.  But there's no need to seek out your own death for personal growth; if you want that, you could just seek that when you trip. 




 Wakeupwill probably doesn't.  One genus of grasses has several species that contain DMT and related compounds, but I couldn't find any source suggesting that grasses in general contain them. 




 if the masses haven't dropped gmail and hotmail for more secure providers after snowden, they never will.

Meh.  You don't know that.

as far as peer to peer email and other hypothetical technology sure advances could be made and yeah it might even become extremely popular with gamers or activist or some other circle but it will be a cold day in hell before my auto mechanic asks me for my bit message address or asks me to exchange keys with her. never gonna happen.

Yeah, you don't know that either.  You just believe it strongly.  Before Gmail came out, would you have believed that a company would offer free unlimited email storage?  Of course not.

Why believe that you know what will happen next, when these things are so obviously unpredictable? 




 Very interesting conversation.  Thanks :)

 




 So what if you access nonduality. You still need the subconscious to be purged, for the root of ego to be uprooted, for psychological wholeness to occur. You still need to access the Divine via the Soul. You still need to access what lays just prior to Nondual conscious, and yes, there is something even prior to it.

Haha!  Who could ever access nonduality?

And if there is a need, who needs it? 




 You should learn to write in clear, straightforward English.  Most of the words in your posts can be cut with no loss in meaning.

Why not celebrate privilege?  Isn't privilege an expression of genetic fitness?

It seems obvious to me that privilege is less a product of genetics and more one of social structures and culture.

But if we suppose that it is a result of genetics, does that lead to the conclusion that it should be celebrated?  I don't see how it could.  Is there something inherently good about having genetics that lead you to dominate others? :/

I just don't see the connection. 




 Yes, of course Gmail would not implement that themselves; their business model is built on harvesting your private information.  But privacy oriented paid subscription email services have already done this.

I'm saying that complete email privacy through encryption could become a popular subscription service, and that encryption for data transfer from client to server is already ubiquitous.  We may even see peer to peer encrypted email systems arise and become extremely popular.  I see no reason to believe your claim that encryption will always be fringe; it's not fringe now, and more powerful applications of it are becoming *more* mainstream, not less. 




 [It's pretty bad for your lungs](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25401045).  You might consider eating it or using a vaporizer. 




 Make sense to me; perhaps there's a justification for direct action against police forces as a means of self defense on the class level, but to murder them seems utterly disproportionate and unnecessary.

Why go from self defense straight to murder? 




 My point is that if anybody knows the reality of the system, it would be Michael Browns parents and Eric Garners wife.

This makes no sense to me.  If anybody knows the reality of grieving for the sudden, violent death of a loved one, its those folks.  But I see no reason to believe that their views on systematic oppression by the state are any more nuanced than the typical views of working class Americans.

Odds are they are well-programmed drones, utterly ignorant of the realities of class oppression. 




 So what?  I don't base my views on the opinions of others, in particular - and I don't see any reason to place the family of police brutality victims on a pedestal, nor to view their opinions as a valid means for calibrating my own moral compass. 




  encryption as we know it today will never be embraced by the general public. it will always be a 'fringe' technology. 

I dunno, that seems pretty ignorant imo.  Anybody that uses Gmail uses encryption every time they check their email.  Encryption can be a seamless experience for the end user.  For simple encryption of data in transit implementation is simple.  But services like Gmail could also implement encryption so that the company never possesses cleartext data from their customers, and do so in a way that is seamless for the customer. 




 yay psilocybin :D 




 It'd be fairly straightforward to integrate the output of a btc client with financial or other record keeping software.  Beats physical inventory... 




 Well...I feel this comment obfuscates an important difference.  Paypal will take $0.40 to move a dollar; bitcoin only ~$0.20.  One of these systems is *better* for microtransactions, though not ideal. 




 Yeah - I've smoked a ton of weed and had plenty of respiratory complaints when I did.  Most longterm pot smokers I've known had obvious respiratory complications, smoker's coughs, etc. as well.

But I base my beliefs on things like this on scientific evidence - not a casual survey of reddit users.

Again, has a single person on here ever experienced lung irritation from smoking a lot of weed? I seriously doubt it. Do you know anyone who's had that problem? Probably not- that's because it very rarely happens. 

Well, that doesn't appear to be true.  In fact, study and study has shown that marijuana smokers have inflammation in their lungs and a substantially increased incidence of respiratory complaints that increases with frequency and severity of use.

Is it the same as in tobacco smokers?  No, probably not.  Is marijuana a wonder-drug that never harms anybody ever because of it's anti-inflammatory excellence?  No, it isn't.

The anti-inflammatory properties of cannabinoids are not sufficient to counteract the pro-inflammatory effects of marijuana smoke.  That fact has been clearly established in the scientific literature and is pretty well documented in the review I linked for you. 




 No, you didn't; none of those was a review and none of them advocated for the position that marijuana smoking isn't associated with substantial respiratory harm.  Most of what you linked isn't published scientific literature at all.  As I replied to you elsewhere in this thread, the first of your studies explicitly affirms the existing scientific consensus that marijuana smoking causes substantial respiratory harm.

Did you even read the things you linked?

The second is an opinion piece, not published in the scientific literature.  It references one large, long-term human subjects study, which found no cancer link.  It then references the first study you linked above, which actually *affirms* the scientific consensus you're arguing against as mentioned above.

After that they also affirm that consensus, although they frame it in a way that deceptively minimizes the harmful effects.  Then they talk about in vitro THC/cannabinoid cancer studies, which are irrelevant to the fact that marijuana smoking causes respiratory harm independent of carcinogenicity and have no direct relevance.

Finally, they suggest that switching to a vaporizer will lessen the known respiratory harm caused by marijuana smoking - and cite a study on marijuana smokers with lung problems switching to vaporizers.  Of the 20 smokers in that study, 12 improved when they quit smoking, and 8 worsened.  The authors conclude that more research is needed.

After that you link to a google search and a youtube video.  If you want to find out what the science says, look at the science.  Search pubmed.

Find us one study in the actual scientific literature that contradicts the established consensus.  I doubt there is a single one! 




 :'O 




 I'm guessing a lot of the replies in this thread are from Americans.  Cops fuck poor and none-white people up constantly here.  All police carry loaded firearms.  It's not like the UK.

I'd probably call the cops too if I were in the situation you described in the UK.  Not here though. 




 I've seen it used that way as well, but it's just about the worst slogan to express that idea.  It comes across as "all cops are bad people." 




 Those are fair points, but I feel they aren't relevant to the claim that marijuana smoking produces short and medium term negative effects on respiratory health that are comparable to the short and medium term negative effects that tobacco smoking has on respiratory health.

As the review I linked above helps to show, that particular finding is very well supported by a good number of well designed studies (e.g. good sample size, multiple reproductions finding the same effect, strong control of confounding variables).

What's not so clear is whether there's a lung cancer connection.  There may be; there may not be. Nobody knows yet. 




 Well, sure...I don't think any of the things you described are problematic, nor that there is any value in calling them "cultural appropriation."  It's more like...a normal process of culture evolving.  I think its very good. 

The only thing I take issue with at all, and think it'd be useful to have a word for, is the negligent misrepresentation of things taken from other cultures. 




 Show me one study that contradicts the finding that marijuana smoking produces short and medium-term harmful effects in the lungs that are comparable to the harmful effects of tobacco smoking.

[The review I linked above](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4226845/), which you replied to, cites about two dozen studies that support this finding. 




 Uh...are you reading the actual studies?  They contradict some of what you're saying.

From the first study linked: 

Prior studies of marijuana smokers have demonstrated consistent evidence of airway mucosal injury and inflammation as well as increased respiratory symptoms such as cough, phlegm production, and wheeze, similar to that seen in tobacco smokers

It seems that the authors of the study you linked believe that marijuana smoking is harmful to the lungs in a way that's comparable to tobacco in the short-medium term. 




 All that matters is how you relate to it.

I disagree.  There is meaning and value in maintaining an accurate account of what people at different times and places have believed and practiced.  Doing so does not inhibit people from adapting language to suit their purpose.

What I object to is the misrepresentation of a word being used in a novel way as being the same or similar to that word in some particular past meaning.  I see examples of this constantly in Americans who are interested in New Age woo-woo and various foreign religions; they learn a little bit about something, project their own thinking onto it, figure they get it, and proceed to talk about what the Buddha said or whatever.

It's this kind of contagious ignorance - and its accompanying obfuscation of the host culture from which the word was borrowed - that I object to.  I'm suggesting that this sort of thing might reasonably be referred to as cultural appropriation.

Declaring that "Something" means "Only This" is inherently false because your definition of it is only one possible way to perceive it.

But I never said anything like that, and never would.  To impose such an extreme restriction on language would betray a profound ignorance of what language is. 




 ...

I cited a review paper - it isn't a study at all.  And it makes an excellent case - it references and briefly summarizes several dozen studies, many of which looked at fairly large groups of marijuana smokers and found them to have serious respiratory problems at rates similar to tobacco smokers.

That paper is filled with references to a body of scientific evidence that, taken as a whole, establishes beyond any rational doubt that habitual marijuana smoking has a negative impact on respiratory health that is comparable to that of habitual tobacco smoking.

And it's not as though I cherry-picked it - I could not find another review advocating for the position that marijuana *isn't* associated with substantial respiratory harm, as that position is untenable.  What better case could I make? 




 Hmm...I think there may be some validity to the concept, though I see what you mean and agree in some sense.

But using the example of dreadlocks... Hopeium framed the example as a person from outside a group adopting a style used by that group for *aesthetics only*.

But what about an outsider adopting the aesthetics, and also claiming to adopt the deeper meaning *while parading their own, bastardized version of that meaning?*  There is something very ignorant about that, which I would object to as well if it were done with something from my culture.

It reminds me of people who dabble in "eastern spirituality."  They may speak at length and with confidence about the nature of reality, using a vocabulary borrowed from a half dozen religions whose cultural context they have no real knowledge of.  It leads to these bizarre misunderstandings about what any particular eastern religion *actually was or is*.

So, I think there is a harmful way to go about adopting things from other cultures, and perhaps some valid use of the term "cultural appropriation." 




 Well...I see it as a mixed thing, but leaning towards a step forward.  But I agree with most of what you said.

I just value the side effect more, and think it will be very significant.  It seems to me that cannabis has a quality of bringing people into their bodies, their feelings and sensations, and interrupting the grip of mind and understanding.  Not in every person at every moment, but in general I see this trend across the many people I've known who use it.

I think that quality of cannabis could have a very positive balancing effect in our culture.  People these days just don't seem very in tune with their feelings, their bodies, their surroundings.  Our country could benefit a cannabis induced perspective shift. 




 We might also need an alternate universe, as plenty of research has already been done and it directly contradicts hashmon's post. 




 [It's unhealthy](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4226845/) 




 This is far off topic but I just have to point out...

[You're wrong](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25401045): there is more than enough scientific evidence to conclude quite firmly that smoking cannabis produces respiratory problems.  Whether it causes lung cancer is still unclear, but it otherwise damages the lungs in approximately the same way as smoking tobacco.

You don't even have to accept the author's analysis linked above; that review offers several citations from well designed studies that assessed the short   medium-term effects of marijuana smoking   tobacco smoking independently and found them to be quite similar. [free full text too](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4226845/) 




 Different plant feels?  Deadly nightshade vs cannabis 




  If the point is that you can't blame people for not knowing what will be

My point is more that we don't know.  You don't know; I don't know.  It's possible that things will turn out similarly to the way you've imagined in this thread; it's possible that things will turn out similarly to the way I've imagined in this thread.  It's probable that in hindsight, it'd look as though neither of us had a clue.

I wrote what I wrote not because I think X is true and just have to tell everybody; I wrote it because I saw perspectives expressed with a fair degree of certainty that couldn't accommodate what seems like a reasonably likely outcome to me.
 




 You have bigger problems, my friend - problems extracting hydrocodone from Vicodin could never solve.

Seriously though, you've got to put in a little more effort to get good answers out of the internet.  There are at least a dozen recreational drugs that a technique called "cold water extraction" might reasonably be applied to.

edit:  [hey look, I found a solution for you!](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=vicodin+cold+water+extraction)   




 Eh...I think it'd be worth your time to find a friend with a scale and weigh it, they look well short of an 1/8 if I'm looking at it right.

You'll be better off weighing to split the dose as well; you really can't eyeball that accurately unless you put them through a grinder first.

Also /r/darknetmarkets is a great place to go if your local sources are a bad deal ($40 / eight is a bad deal, you could easily get that for $20). 




 Yea, but from the context this is almost certainly correct.  Where ng/ml comes up as a measurement of drugs in human beings, it's almost always a volumetric measurement of unfractionated blood. 




 I dunno...I don't see drugs being a solution to this problem at all.  Only way I could see drugs solving this is if you tried running on a psychedelic or perhaps MDMA and thereby found a way to connect with running in a new way and dissolve boredom.

But you could just as well do that without drugs. :P 




 Pretty much, yeah.  THC evaporates at a lower temperature. 




 Ask a friend to do it for you. 




 You probably won't have much luck unless you get off the antipsychotics first - though there is some variation between them, some block the effects of psychedelic drugs.

Once you've got yourself doing well enough to remove the mind-crippling drugs from the equation, I imagine some psychedelic exploration could be very healing.  Especially if you can find a trusted friend or two to explore with. 3 




 Well...I resonate with most of what you said.

But on the whole, I don't believe small businesses have an advantage in this shift.  At present, automated robotic systems are used on a massive scale in many industries - and most of this use is by massive corporations, like automobile manufacturers.  These corporations have a great deal of resources devoted to developing and anticipating new technologies that are relevant to labor automation.  They also have scale, which will generally make it *less* expensive to adjust their practices, not more (e.g. they can buy 1000 robowidgets for $18,000 each instead of 10 for $26,000 each; if they incur a loss while switching, they're more likely to have the savings to absorb it).

I agree with everything you said about consumer technology products getting cheaper faster than expected.  But that doesn't address *how most people will receive income*.

Similarly, while economies and careers have gradually shifted over the last few thousand years, there have also been periods of rapid, even sudden change.  There are things about this time period that suggest a sudden change is coming.  It doesn't necessarily have to be a good change, and it doesn't necessarily have to follow any prior pattern.

This makes me think of the people who lived just before the Industrial Revolution, perhaps just after the invention of the steam engine.  Could they have expected what came next?  It seems to me that by your reasoning, they should have figured that things would carry on about as they had for the last few thousand years - perhaps with greater efficiency and scale.  It's unlikely that many people could have imagined the drastic changes to society that would soon come.

We could be in a period just like that, in which the drastic transformation society is about to undergo is strangely beyond our imagination, but will seem obvious and kind of boring to high school history students in a few generations. 




 This is a good approach.  Asking a friend to mediate sales repeatedly with no compensation isn't any good.  Half the difference is quite generous if your friend can pick up without much hassle. 




 I find this topic intriguing, and enjoyed the article...but I hate to see an article state so many things as fact that are absolutely not supported by evidence.

I'd love to see it rewritten with inline citations for those claims that have support, and all unsupported claims removed or reworked as potential avenues for future exploration. 




 Hmm...I dunno about this.

You say that people in general would have more discretionary money, because (I think) the goods they buy are now being produced cheaply without human labor.  But before the reduction in human labor use can lead to cheap goods, a large proportion of the population have to be laid off as their careers cease to exist.  The goods might be cheap, but anybody whose primary revenue stream came from providing that labor is unlikely to have extra discretionary money.

Your second point seems more viable and interesting to me - new automation technology could be inexpensive enough that small businesses or even working class individuals could reasonably acquire it.  Perhaps this will be a revolution for capitalism - a technologically driven decentralization of the means of production.

What if I could buy an adaptive, general-purpose autonomous robot for $1200, that could repair my car, build me a house, maintain a year-round vegetable garden, and run my small business selling unique knick-knacks on ebay for me?  That could be a real game-changer.  




 Yes - there are actually studies examining this, as many scientists have also noticed the limited generalizability of studies in stressed, isolated animals far removed from their natural environment mainlining coke in high doses.

My strongest takeaway from drug addiction literature was that it's very easy to become hopelessly addicted to opiates, gaba drugs, and stimulants if you use them several times a week or while in a dark period of your life. 




 German

Also sadism is close, but different.  A sadist enjoys inflicting pain on others; shadenfreude is happiness that comes from learning of others' misery, without necessarily inflicting it oneself. 




 Those are interesting ideas, but I have a hard time believing that they're a realistic alternative to an economy where human labor is a necessary, substantial component of most major industries' production.

How much income will people have when most peoples' primary revenue stream comes from selling non-essential knick-knacks to other people whose primary revenue stream is also to sell non-essential knick-knacks, while all the worlds' major corporations own massive robot armies that can produce whatever they like (including said knick-knacks)?

At present, artists, musicians, and craftspeople are a vanishingly small part of the economy.  It doesn't seem realistic to believe that this sector of the economy will somehow flourish while almost all necessary human labor is replaced with robots and AI. 




 I dunno; it has implications for the future, though.  As automated labor (today, AI   robotics) improves, demand for human labor decreases.  Automated labor has been improving for a long time and will continue to. 




 If they're all underpaying their workers, another land owner could reap the profits by offering them all higher wages. 

If this were true without qualification, wages would approach infinity. :P

In fact, it is only true while there is a shortage of labor.  If there is enough labor to meet demand at a fixed low price, then no landowner would have a strong incentive to offer a higher price, and the low price would remain. 




 I wouldn't, no.  We could debate that, I suppose, but it's not the question at hand; I'm trying to learn whether sexbeast420 has any foundation for their claims about the worst case scenario for primitive accumulation.

I mention the industrial revolution because it has implications for sexbeast420's casual valuations of workers' labor.  Physical labor had relatively more value before the industrial revolution than after, because so much of it was needed to accomplish anything. 




 Well, I dunno about that.  It seems to me that the vast majority of worker's labor today is worth so little that they couldn't become self sufficient if they lived for 300 years.

The industrial revolution happened between now and the times of widespread subsistence farming being used as examples in this thread.  Physical labor is not worth anything near what it was then.

Do you have any concrete reason to believe that labor would be so valuable under an alternate capitalist system? 




 No, it can't; wards don't cost 4k gold.  Because wards are cheaper than gem and comparable to sentries, there is a healthy back and forth between wards   true sight in the game. 




 /r/darknetmarkets 




 No worker's value is so low that they couldn't even earn any capital,

and once they start earning capital, they'd eventually be able to get some land and begin working for themselves

How is this a certainty?  Couldn't workers' earnings be so low that it would take more than a lifetime to earn enough to become self-sufficient? 




 Yeah.. if that.  I see this as just another way of looking at things.  If you believe in a universe with things in it that are made up of other things, then yeah, I guess we just move the pieces.  But such beliefs aren't supported by scientific consensus; it's hard to imagine anything that could establish an atomic view of reality as "truth."

Just a point of view. 




 I don't see much value in psychologists studying spirituality or spiritual phenomena; they simply don't have effective tools to apply to such things.

There are some use cases for psychedelic drugs that could be studied by psychologists (along with scientists from other disciplines, like pharmacology) to great effect.  MAPS's work with MDMA-assisted psychotherapy is, in my view, a great example of effective psychedelic research conducted by psychologists (and others).

That kind of research could be extremely beneficial, because it could lead to widespread adoption of new, effective psychedelic-assisted therapy modalities.

But as far as basic research into the nature of spiritual phenomena - psychology has little to offer.  They can have you take a survey about your experience, or maybe track or eye moments or blood pressure while you meditate, or whatever.  But who cares.

Neurobiologists and cognitive neurscientists may have a great deal to offer to basic research into the nature of these things, though.  Their results could lead to new drug targets, a better understanding of how psychedelics and spontaneously arising spiritual experiences relate, etc. - because they have the tools to actually investigate the mechanisms of experience directly. 




 Thanks for the reminder.  Some police brutality news is relevant, but there's no need to fill this sub with it. 




 Haha!  Incorrectly.  I took the area as diameter, like a fool.  Same numbers as hyperben edited in above.  
 




 I ~~compared the areas~~ done goofed.

~~The spawn aoe increases by ~48.6%, and the aoe of an individual explosion increases by ~44%.  I'd call that a negligible difference; the spell should hit just as reliably inside the larger aoe.~~

~~Another way of looking at it:  in the old version of the spell, each explosion took up ~53% of the spell's aoe.  In the new version, each explosion will take up ~51.6% of the spell's aoe.~~ 




 so you're probably **right**.

 Oppression! :O 




 I believe that I agree: like every other spirituality whatever, it is another belief system.  There is no perfect set of ideas that transcends idea-ness.

Maybe I'll never get there 

Get where?  Get what?  If you could get it, wouldn't it be like any other thing - a passing experience?

I want to know what's true, and I want to tune into the source (or whatever you want to call it

It seems to me that knowledge is always a part of the conceptual system, always in some gross or subtle way another object of mind.  An abstraction; an idea.  An observer to interact with it.

But as for tuning in to [the Noun]: it is only an idea, which takes the appearance of something profound while being itself another fleeting appearance of some object of mind.  There is no [Noun] that isn't an object of mind.

Well, there's my belief system in short.  It seems to me that every spiritual person I've ever met that's really engaged with it spends most of their days worshiping metaphors, with varying degrees of subtlety and grace.  Buddhists, yogis, new-agers, and so on; I have met very few who aren't playing some path game, with brief gaps where it falls away.  I only keep a belief system for the purpose of housekeeping; it's a reminder for when I've gone off believing in some ridiculous story told by the shadow of old habits.

Cheers. :) 




 That said, people have been taking quite large oral doses of b12 for years now, apparently without any substantiated reports of ill effects (I couldn't find any).

Apparently there are known, serious adverse effects from inappropriate or excessive injections of b12.  It wouldn't be surprising to me if some ill effects of excessive oral doses of b12 became apparent soon in certain populations.

There are plenty of multivitamins on the market with a simple %100 DV dose of b12 and other b vitamins for anybody who's concerned about overdoing it. 




 It's normal for the color of your poop to change with your diet.  If you're concerned, switch back for a day and observe your poop that day and the next to see if it reverts to its former rich chocolate tone.

There's no need to see a doctor just because the color of your poop changed when the color of the food you eat changed.  I wonder whether some folks in this thread know where poop comes from (hint: it's food!). 




 Water soluble vitamins are not a free pass at massive over-supplementation; there are plenty of documented instances of [negative effects caused by excessive supplementation of water-soluble vitamins](http://www.drweil.com/drw/u/QAA50582/can-too-much-vitamin-B-cause-problems.html) (link gives a few examples). 




 Agreed.  Nutmeg is an interesting drug, but I see few similarities between it and classical psychedelics like LSD and mushrooms.  I don't believe it has much value as an entheogen.

I feel compelled to add that when I've taken enough nutmeg to induce a powerful experience, the interesting   desirable effects have always been accompanied with intense drymouth, confusion, and histamine-like sedation. 




 Mmm...I see what you mean, but I object to the language of it.  I see no value in obfuscating the space between wholly political and wholly insurrectionist events with black and white thinking.  Events can have qualities of both.

Your example of ELF attacks makes a strong point, though - there are ways of going about direct action that the media wants nothing to do with, that can't effectively spun.  ELF is effective at harming capital holders who harm the environment, and there's no way for media to spin a story to serve their narrative.  Publicity for ELF is just plain dangerous.

But the riots now aren't just spin material, either; publicity for them has its own danger.  What if they started growing?  What if they continued indefinitely?  Media would want to pretend they didn't exist - but it would be too late.  You can't just pretend all is well and there's nothing to see here a 3500 strong riot is burning down storefronts in Manhattan.  You can when ELF bombs a housing development; it just doesn't effect that many people directly. 




 How is it even somewhat outside the realm of politics when the base foundation is inherently political?

For the same reasons I said: it has practical effects outside the political realm.  It damages the assets of multinational corporations.  It wears on the human capital of police forces (e.g. by accelerating burnout   encouraging retirement).  It increases the cost of violent oppression by government bodies (e.g. overtime   hazard pay).

You say that the ongoing riots are not wearing down on the system, but I don't see how that can be true.  Is the system vast, deep, strong, and many layered?  Yes.  Are riots destroying it?  No.  Are they visibly taxing parts of its infrastructure?  Absolutely.

These are not political results; they're practical results.  They could be celebrated as small victories by those who want to dismantle the system.  The motivation that led to rioting doesn't define the nature of their results.

I don't claim that this is an insurrection; it obviously isn't.  But I wouldn't be at all surprised if it went down in history as the beginning of one. 




 I see what you mean, but the continuous, consistently disruptive demonstrations that have occurred over the last few weeks seem like something more than what you describe.  These demos, in particular those that shut down infrastructure and target corporate property, are having a strong effect outside the stage of politics.

This shit costs money.  It costs human capital.  It disrupts the veil of ignorance that our corporate / government overlords perpetually maintain over the eyes of the people.  It forces mistakes on the part of those who enforce oppression.

The continued violence is wearing on the system.  It's not an insurrection, but it could reasonably be characterized as laying the ground for one in a way that goes well beyond politics. 




 Excellent read - thank you!  :) 
























