





























 Fan diddley tastic 




 Thanks :) me too 





























 Thanks for the comments. I think it may be the stained glass piece that came from the music hall 




 lol Motionblur!
 





























 I can understand your position. .and can also see that you are missing my point. 




 Great work, I'm hoping to get to Detroit still this year 




 Bah...I just think its dumb when I state that I don't wish to share a location in my own post and some twit decides to ignore my wishes and drop names.

I do agree...let them get in and caught..if you get caught you're not doing it right.

Thanks for the comment...great flickr feed btw!  




 The story will come with the additional pics I share, have you seen the amount of dicks that are spray painted on the walls in there and all the other idiotic graffiti?  How does that make you feel as a local?

If I can help keep a few idiots out of the place by keeping it a secret than I've done my job.  Any legitimate urban explorer who knows how to do research can figure out where this is and plan their visit - there is no need to name drop locations - you just put them even more at risk. 




 ok ok maybe I overreacted!
 




 Wow - you've got some nerve. 




 Certainly! 




 Sorry, don't give out locations 



























































 hahahaha 17 up votes and 17 downvotes!!

Toronto loves and hates bird shots! 




 wow, you guys have taught me more about the Warbler in 6 hours than I have learned in my entire life!!!!!  haha

Thanks :) 




 Great idea!!

www.freaktography.ca

 




 woo hoo! 




 it was weird...he just stood there :( 




 I knew they wouldn't do anything for a little bird, so I gently moved him over to the side so as to not get stepped on or picked up by a dog out on a walk 
























 I post a story about a (now) abandoned home in an "urban exploring" section of reddit...and you guys are complaining about trespassing and B E??  

You guys are in the wrong section if you're whining about those two things here... 














 very cool! 




 haha...I love the downvotes...like who downvotes a nice simple photo of an empty baseball park!! 




 Thanks alll! 




 hahahaha nice! 




 lol hahahah 


































 very cool 














 arent you a witty one :P 




 hahaha funny guyeteria 




 amazing! 




 This was taken at the Hyatt Boston Harbor - excellent views of the city from across the harbor! 




 well, up until about 2 weeks ago there was a gaping hole at the back where they were doing demo...but I hear they have since closed up any and all holes...so you're out of luck :( 




 Camera 	Nikon D3200
Exposure 	25
Aperture 	f/5.6
Focal Length 	18 mm
ISO Speed 	200

:) 









 Oh Chippah.. 




 Three Dee, the guy was actually sleeping..as the story goes.  He woke up and realized what had happened and his quote is How far away must one sit to be safe in this park?" lol 









 ugh...that gave me shivers 









 Very cool find 
























 lol - there is lots in the area 




 true! 




 It's hit and miss really!  Luck and timing 




 EASY AS PIE! 




 THANK YOU! 




 Nope :( NY 




 Thanks!!! 




 apologies, thanks for letting me know 




 excellent!!  very cool 
























 lololo, Great Comment, thanks 




 Thanks!! 




 Excellent shot 




 Check out my website, [train_subject246.ca](http://www.freaktography.ca) recently launched.  Lots of pics of Urban Exploring and Rooftopping with some Street Photography and a blog of my explores!!

Thanks

[train_subject246.ca](http://www.freaktography.ca)

 




 lol. nope! 









 Thanks! 












































 This is killer! 














 Lol 







































 excellent!!  well done and great location 




 very cool 












































 Oh shit - sorry I didn't realize I had already posted this specific shot.  After the popularity of yesterdays post I wanted to share more of the place.

My bad - wasn't intentional
 



















 My set is called "When the Music's Over" from The Doors song.  I've named the set that because the woman who lived here had a vast music collection as well as a number of instruments and an amazing old Gramophone 




 Yup - that's what I did, then I put it all back where I found it 



















 I've thought about that - but what causes most dust?  Human tissue, hair etc - this home has none of that anymore and nothing to stir it up.  Aside from a small hole in the roof in one room, this house is sealed up from any elements
 




 It's well sealed and preserved and has only been visited by a handful of people 




 Thanks :) 




 ah did! 




 I did :P They are eating this up! 




 thats very cool! 




 same 




 hah there is, and they're all over it!

http://www.reddit.com/r/wicked_edge/ 




 Many other pics here

http://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/sets/72157637596393633/

or here

https://www.facebook.com/train_subject246

I am updating new pics every day

 




 yes - i did stage the shot to show the cool items that I found, then I put them all back! 




 sorry dude :P 




 I've been trying to piece it all together. Pretty sure the man of the house died in the late 90's and the house has been abandoned about 13 years. Most of the oldest shit was upstairs, lots of old stuff downstairs too though! 




 haha 




 I know I know!! 




 They are fake plants - green yes...but fake 

















































 Thank you. 




 Just me and a friend 




 Empty walls is from the large white house that I over processed 




 Didn't catch the brand but its acoustic 




 Sorry rather not say 




 By luck! 




 I found two of those KFC piggy banks in there!!  That's some old shit! 




 I thought the same thing - then I checked and it;s just a door to a hallway that leads from the kitchen :( 




 Thanks!!!! 




 Your roommates would be lots of raccoons and you would be picking raccoon shit for months - it's everywhere!!! 




 I'm certainly considering it - while it's not up to me to bring the family back in touch with what's rightfully theirs - I kind of want to.

There is an early 20th century turntable in there, the kind with the big wind up arm on the side - easily worth a mint! 




 It was incredibly sad and we never knew what was next, what was around the corner or what was inside a drawer! 







































 Genesee Road just south of hwy 219 




 hahaha thanks!  It caught your eye right?? 




 Not a touch of HDR in this shot 
























 Milton Ontario 




 Milton Ontario 




 I dont know what that says.....but thanks :) 







































 Thanks PenName, appreciate the feedback this is how I am able to learn and improve.   

















































 Thanks everyone! 




 Thank You! 




 Thanks all! 




 Thanks all! 

















































 nope...New York 





























 Thisaintnoparty - I was planning to hit that one too, but I noticed a camera pointing right in the area where I would have walked by when inside 




 yes, that's correct Canadave

ISTFM - you gotta be sneaky! 







































 Nope, that's a raw file with some tweaks to colour, shadows etc - no fancy edits to this one. 
























 It was around 1995 when it closed and hell yes - definitely wore a good respirator for this one!! 




 1995ish 






















































 Thanks for the comment.yes there's many features in these old places that would look great in a home 







































