 Actually, there isn't anything reasonable that can be done. Violent acts happen and will continue happen. Evil exists. There's nothing you can do about it unless you want to gut the constitution and live in a totalitarian society. 




  if a foreign terrorist had committed this attack we would be doing a heck of a lot more then skirting the issue. 

There is no issue here that can be controlled, and to use this as a political statement so soon to score political points is pretty sick.


 Larry Wilmore who comes on after Stewart had a good point that if things didn't change after sandy hook then things will never change. I gotta agree sadly.

If things didn't change after Ferguson riots, then things will never change. I gotta agree sadly. 




  worth a dismissive news segment?

what are you talking about? Its all over the news 24/7  




 Why do you think the nose is fake? 
























 its not uncommon for there to be 10+ or even 30 murders on a weekend in Chicago. You'd think they'd have live coverage, but nope. 




 If you are pretty sure, can you provide a source for your claim? 




 ***Intercom turns on*** *'Hello citizens. Would the following students: Chris Rock, Dave Chappelle, and Richard Pryor please come to the principal's office for a mandatory Re-education tolerance training program. Thank you'* 




 What needs to happen? The guys is caught in less than 24 hours because of media attention and the community/people coming together. There's no reasonable policy that will protect against a future evil act other than arming pastors and having security guards at churches. The administration proposed semi-automatic rifle gun bans in the wake of Sandy Hook in order to prevent another Adam Lanza. This dude legally used a regular old pistol to conduct his shooting spree so it wouldn't have mattered at all. There are just things in this world that you cannot control, and that is preventing sick, evil people to plan out their sick, evil fantasies. 
























