














 I was looking fairly closely but couldn't tell if one of the dwarves was a girl. If not, then I can only assume that Penny has been cut... 




 I am mad for seafood chowder after I had it at Brett's Wharf a while ago...but that place has shut down.

So now I am on the hunt for an aweome bowl of chowder. Any suggestions? 




 "The bones help," said Melisandre. "The bones remember. The strongest glamors are built of such things. A dead man's boots, a hank of hair, a bag of fingerbones." 




 After seeing a post on Facebook about organ donation, I was appalled by the sheer number of people who felt that older people do not deserve organs because they have already lived their lives. 

I got so mad when these people said things like "that's dumb, why didn't they give the organ to a younger person?"

And while I know not every can know the details of how organs are allocated, it just bothered me that so many people thought so little of the elderly and felt that the young deserved more in life.

Youth really is wasted on the young! 









 Hi guys.

I was hoping someone could help me find a pattern for an edging that would produce a similar result to [this]( http://i.imgur.com/nVDqJVm.jpg). The pic is knitted and I was hoping for a crochet equivalent.

Please and thank you! 







































 You know the one I mean. Something reminds you of this memory and you have to actively avoid remembering it to save yourself from the embarassment. 




 Most people don't care how that song you were singing in the morning was on the radio in car, or stuff like that. But I do!

Share 
























 Smell is the Sense that is closest link to your memory. There are plenty of smells that instantly make me feel great happiness or some, real sadness and I either really enjoy coming across them, or go to great lengths to avoid them.

What are yours? 


































 This is an X post, forgot to put that in title.

ver the last few years I have felt like my general well-being is in decline. My co-workers call it stress, my friends call it old-age (I'm 24!!!) and my doctor just says it is nothing. However, the more I tally up my issues, the more I think/worry most of them may have a singular cause:

Tinnitus/v. sensitive hearing 

Blurred in one eye, nearsightedness (only recently discovered- never noticed before and not brought up in childhood eye tests)

Headaches/Migraines

Neck pain/severe muscle tension (Go to Chiro, Physio AND Remedial masseuse)

Forgetfulness (short term, things slip away quickly)

Twitches/muscle spasms 

Twitching eye 

Heart palpatations w adrenaline rush

Slightly enlarged optic nerve in right eye

Boughts of vertigo/dizziness/ ground feels like it is moving

Occasional insomnia (who doesn't get this, but i thought I would include it)

Fatigue

Lately, lack of enthusiasm for even fun activities


Bronchial cough

Short of breath

(Diagnosed with Stress-Related asthma. but as I lie here in bed, relaxing, I am short of breath, sooo....?)

I know some of these are general and vague problems that millions of people also deal with. I don't want a wild, obscure internet diagnosis, I just want to know whether, as Doctors, you would find these symptoms cause for concern. If so, I will push my GP to paying closer attention.

Further background: 24yo F Healthy weight, eats well, exercises regularly, normal blood pressure, previously noted 'slightly high' heart rate like I was nervous whilst getting tested (didn't feel nervous), no abnormal blood tests save for a single one with low blood proteins (retest was normal, ?lab error). Medication: The Pill and regular paracetamol for headaches

If it is just stress, what can I do? I take regular Me Time, exercise regularly, don't take work home with me, don't sit and fret on issues. This year I will be moving interstate but that decision is only weeks old and some of these issues have been around for a few years. 




 Over the last few years I have felt like my general well-being is in decline. My co-workers call it stress, my friends call it old-age (I'm 24!!!) and my doctor just says it is nothing. However, the more I tally up my issues, the more I think/worry most of them may have a singular cause:

Tinnitus/v. sensitive hearing 

Blurred in one eye, nearsightedness (only recently discovered- never noticed before and not brought up in childhood eye tests)

Headaches/Migraines

Neck pain/severe muscle tension

Forgetfulness (short term, things slip away quickly)

Twitches/muscle spasms 

Twitching eye 

Heart palpatations w adrenaline rush

Slightly enlarged optic nerve in right eye

Boughts of vertigo/dizziness/ ground feels like it is moving

Occasional insomnia (who doesn't get this, but i thought I would include it)

Fatigue

Lately, lack of enthusiasm for even fun activities


Bronchial cough

Short of breath

(Diagnosed with Stress-Related asthma. but as I lie here in bed, relaxing, I am short of breath, sooo....?)

I know some of these are general and vague problems that millions of people also deal with. I don't want a wild, obscure internet diagnosis, I just want to know whether, as Doctors, you would find these symptoms cause for concern. If so, I will push my GP to paying closer attention.

Further background: 24yo F Healthy weight, eats well, exercises regularly, normal blood pressure, previously noted 'slightly high' heart rate like I was nervous whilst getting tested (didn't feel nervous), no abnormal blood tests save for a single one with low blood proteins (retest was normal, ?lab error). Medication: The Pill and regular paracetamol for headaches 

















































 I just left a $2000 tube of reagent on the counter in my lab over the weekend, ruining it.

Beat that.

Edit: This is great! When I eventually get yelled at by the boss, I can just show her this and tell her life isn't that bad! 




 A conversation between my husband and I last night.

Husband: Hey train_subject889, remember the promise you made that you wouldn't let your crochet take over the house?

Me: Yeah...

Husband: Well, you broke it 



















 My hubby is Pats mad. He has been following them since he was little, despite none of his family having any interest in the game. He just watched them play one day and hasn't stop watching since.

We are travelling to America in October this year and although there are many things on our to-do list, the whole trip will be based around us getting to Boston amd seeing a Pats home game.

Now, hubby will have his bday while we are over there, so I am hoping to find some sort of 'special experience' tickets to surprise him with. I'm thinking VIP box, stadium tour, anything like that. Hell, if I can somehow get him in the same room as Tom Brady, he would probably pass out with joy.

So, can anyone help me? Point me in the direction of a place I can get this? Or even just tell me if it is possible/affordable?

Thanks! 




 http://i.imgur.com/uEcQCFI.jpg

I bought 7 x 50g balls just because they were on sale for $1.20 but now I don't know what to do with it.

It is gorgeously soft and slippery and feels magic against my skin, so I was hoping to make something like a jumper or shawl. But I haven't found any pattern that would work with the glossy, slippery nature of the yarn.

Suggestions? 




 Once or twice a week I sit next to a lady on the train who is an avid crocheter, like me. We first spoke when she complimented me on my amugurumi kitty I was working on. Over the weeks we have had great chats, discussing our favourite yarn brands, the best stitches and new patterns we have found. I look forward to my train trips now and enjoy our chats immensely.

This morning, the nice lady delivered on a promise I hadn't really expected her to keep and gave me a bag full of cashmere yarns with the condition that I make another kitty out of it just so she could see how it turned out.

I was very thankful and happy that someone would be so friendly and giving to a complete stranger, without expecting anything in return. 

Crocheters really are the nicest people! 












































 Today I suffered some major embarrassment. Please help me realise that other people have it worse than me! 








































































































 Yeah, protesting out the front of corrupt government building is cool and all, but what about us unsung heroes?

What is your mundane protest? 



























































 Everybody else is cool, calm and collected doing these tasks, meanwhile you are blowing your lid because... 




 My step brother is interested in signing up for a business opportunity provided by a company called Vemma. The model is based on sales of healthy products supplied by the company as well as membership sign up.

 You have to pay to recieve the product and then your sales numbers and how many people you get to join equate to an income. They aren't talking huge dollars for the most part but it seems a little too easy.

It has been labelled a pyramid scheme, and I am not certain but I can see why it would be called that. [This]( http://yprzone.com/) is their website and [this] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QtSmuX9ID5o feature=youtube_gdata_player) is their video.

Does anyone know anything about them? Have any horror or success stories? 

























































































 And once you know it is unchangable...no avoiding it.

No suicide, that's cheating! 





























 Hi guys! I am making a 12x12 granny square quilt. I am 56 squares in and still undecided about how I will join them all together.

I have narrowed it down to two techniques:

The [slip stitch]( http://attic24.typepad.com/weblog/joining-granny-sqaures.html) method

Or the [invisible stitch]( http://doyoumindifiknit.typepad.com/do_you_mind_if_i_knit/2010/02/joining-up-with-an-invisible-stitch.html) method.

So I am wondering if there is anyone out there who has used either/both of these methods who can give me some pros and cons. I dont mind that the slip stich is visible from the back but I do mind if i get unsightly ridges or awkward edges at the front.

[Here]( http://imgur.com/Vx1xfsr) is a pic of my progress :) 





























 You know who I mean. That one celebrity everyone hates that you think is smokin hot. You can't bring yourself to admit your nasty feelings to your friends, so tell Reddit instead. No judgement here, friend. 














 I am very new to crocheting and after bravely setting out to make a nice throw using 12ply yarn, I quickly discovered I was out of my depth. My throw started as a scarf, but I found it was too stiff with the 12ply so I carried on widening it, making a throw. 

I went out and bought heaps of the yarn I was using so I didn't run out, thinking I was a genius for stockpiling it.

But halfway through I realised my throw was just as stiff as my scarf...so I unravelled it.

Now, I am stuck with about 5 HUGE balls of purple 12ply yarn and neither the skills nor the knowledge to turn it into something useful.

So can anyone help me out with suggestions for a basic pattern I can use to get rid of all this yarn? Everything I try seems too intricate for it's thickness, or requires various colours when all I have is the purple... 






















































 Sure, what she did was hard, no denying that and attention on women's health is usually a good thing. But the media needs to stop glorifying sick celebrities. It portrays them as the benchmarks and 'poster-children' for a disease when, as wealthy and famous individuals with access to almost endless medical resources, they are in the best possible position while sick. 

Common people, like struggling single mothers and embattled pensioners have more reason to be called inspirations than celebrities. 

Furthermore, the media lauding these famous people as inspirations creates unrealistic expectations for normal people coping with the same situations. 












































 Personally, I always had an image of Ginny in my head that looked just like this:

http://img2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120326220605/disney/images/7/76/Goofy-disneyscreencaps_com-1634.jpg 














 I just moved states and I want to get back into playing netball.

I live in Croydon, so would like a team near there. Any night suits. I am of average skill and fitness, in it just for fun :) 














 I just moved into a new house and I now have a whole cupboard just for crochet! 
It is a double-door wardrobe, with only a shelf up top and no cross beam for hanging, so I need to fit it out myself.

So, show off your organisational skillz here people! I wanna see inside your cupboards and get some ideas :) 


































 What odd thing do you waste your money and time on, and can I learn how to do it? 



















 I keep seeing happy predictions, but more often it is the dark things that we remember more. 

Who is going to be the next celebrity death?

Do you expect another attack on the West?

Who will go to war?

We will probably all end up on a list somewhere, but I am genuinely interested in what the pessimists think.

Edit: and by this, I mean next year, which for us Aussies is tonight 
































































 You've said "omg lawlz" so many times now, its no longer an insult and now you can't stop! 




 Not the big romantic gestures or anything. The mundane, the rediculous, the nonsensical. 
























 I have taken to just saying "sneeze". They get their acknowledgement of bodily function, I don't have to bless them 














 The ridiculous, the redneck, the offensive, what are the worst names a parent of your country could call a child?

I wanna know what is the Chinese version of LaSquisha, the Indian version of Apple, and so on.

Also, who are your 'Chad' and 'Erins'? 









 I figured out how to create a sub, and then promptly made one just for the craftspeople of Melbourne. 

So head on over to /r/MelbourneCrafters for tips, patterns, meetups, etc.

Get posting and enjoy! 




 Y'all know what to do. Post, share, chat and craft! 




 New to Melbourne, I recently had to give up my regular Stitch 'n Bitch crochet circle...so I am looking to make a new one!

I am thinking that a city park would be a great meet-point as it will be a sunny 28 on Sunday. I will be temporarily at Camberwell (usually in Croydon) but don't really know the area, so I am open to suggestions. If we were to make it a regular thing, we would need to decide on a more permanent spot.

So is anyone keen? I don't mind if you are a bare beginner, as I have taught a few of my friends before. I am just looking to enjoy the great company of fellow hookers :P

Me: 25 f, Scientist, crocheting for 2 years


1:30pm Fitzroy Gardens. Bring blanket, tools and snacks if you want. We will meet at the south east corner and find a spot from there :)

Edit: Look for the girl on the blue blanket! 









 http://i.imgur.com/T5VECQu.jpg

The girl and her arm on the righr are ruining this picture. It's not an important pic, but I'd like it if someone wanted to challenge themselves and give it a go! :)

Extra pics to help with my shirt pattern?

http://imgur.com/a9qur2C

http://imgur.com/MG31wG0 









 I just moved to Victoria from Queensland, and bought a house out at Croydon. In the meantime, I am staying with family at Ringwood.

Locals keep suggesting that Ringwood and Croydon are unsavory areas, which confuses me, as they seem lovely.

I am starting to think these people don't have a good grasp on what mkes somewhere truly scummy. 

These people need to go on up to QLD; spend some time at Sunshine, Caboolture or Nambour stations THEN talk to me about scum.

Am I wrong here? 









 Today is my first day exploring the city after moving here from QLD. I am at Flinders St station and need suggestions for lunch!

Any food type, so long as it is tasty. Probably would prefer to sit and eat. 




 Yesterday we arrived after driving all the way from Brissy. 

I am exhausted now, but once I am feeling human again I will want to start enjoying this fab city. Currently, I am based in Ringwood, but will move soon with plans to buy in the same area.

If anyone has any general advice, offers of friendship or suggestions of cool places, I'd love to hear them! I need some friends, a gym, a hobby, sports, all the stuff I left behind.

I am a 24, female Medical Scientist. I love books, bike rides, fashion, tasty sweets, netball and crochet. I am chatty and energetic, love going shopping, and am always good for a conversation. 

Has anyone got a casual netball team they need players for?

Or a crochet circle that needs another hooker?

Can't wait to start enjoying my new home! 














 Married to single?

Childless to parent?

Jobless bum to multimillionaire?

What has changed for you? 














 I know most people I talk to say that everything is different once you have your own kids, but I want to see if there are any ladies for whom this did not happen.

I just am starting to think about having kids soon but worry about my almost complete disinterest in almost every child I meet. I love my neices enough to spend large amounts of time with them, but they are the only exception and I am usually very relieved to return them to their mum afterwards.

I know women are meant to be all maternal and stuff, but I just worry that I haven't got what it takes. 

Has anyone else been in this situation but had kids anyway? Did it change?

Sorry, if this is the wrong place to ask this. 














 There is that one customer that will always haunt your dreams. Be it because of pure gross factor, scariness, annoying behaviour or just hilariously angry 



















 We all have them and I love hearing about the quirky little things minds do to keep occupied. 









 I was in a hardware store the other day, looking for some timber for a project.
A little old man was in the same aisle, shuffling along while I looked over my choices, making sure they were straight.

As he came past me he leant in and said "You must be a carpenter, you look like you know what you are doing!"

I laughed and told him I wasn't but did know what I was doing.

At first I wondered the implications of what he said: That I must only know what I was doing if I was a carpenter. Why couldn't I not do carpentry as a trade and still know what I was doing?

But then I realised how uncommon it was for an elder man to make the assumption that I was a carpenter. Usually I would expect the assumption that my husband was one and I was running errands for him. He saw me as a strong, independant woman capable of doing a trade for a living.

It is something small and inconsequential, but it made me smile. I appreciated him for seeing me as woman, not a wife/girlfriend, and one who was perfectly capable of doing a "man's trade". 




 I was in a hardware store the other day, looking for some timber for a project.
A little old man was in the same aisle, shuffling along while I looked over my choices, making sure they were straight.

As he came past me he leant in and said "You must be a carpenter, you look like you know what you are doing!"

I laughed and told him I wasn't but did know what I was doing.

At first I wondered the implications of what he said: That I must only know what I was doing if I was a carpenter.

But then I realised how uncommon it was for an elder man to make the assumption that I was a carpenter. Usually I would expect the assumption that my husband was one and I was running errands for him. He saw me as a strong, independant woman capable of doing a trade for a living.

Something small and inconsequential, but it made me smile. 




 Hi Docs.

About a year or two ago I suddenly developed tinnitus. I was lying down in bed one night and my ears were roaring like I had just been to a concert. It was sudden, with my night before being normal and quiet. No injury or event happened that day as far as I can recall.

And it never went away.

Every night my ears roar and it makes it difficult to sleep because the world isn't silent.

During the day I get sporadic bursts of ringing/deafness in one ear. Sometimes it is so high pitched it causes me pain.

But lately something has changed. I hear noises that aren't there. It is most apparent when I am at work, late at night on a Call In and no one else is around.

I hear phones ringing, footsteps, doors closing and the distinctive tinkle of a bell that one lady likes to wear on her keys.

I brought it up at work once and everyone looked at me like I was crazy. I thought it was just my brain filling in the silence and figured it was normal.

So, is it normal? Do I reason to be concerned?

24 f Healthy weight, no medications aside from an Implanon which is a very recent change (2-3 months), non smoker, no other health issues 




 What do you have to deal with on a day-to-day basis that you are sure isn't a concern for the general population. 

I am interested in seeing what others have to overcome daily so I might better appreciate my lucky lot in life.

Edit: I am indeed very lucky to have what I have, or not have what others have. Thanks for sharing! 




 I have lived in QLD my whole life, but my husband is a Melbournite through and through. 

After living in Queensland for 6 years, he was keen to move back home and I have happily agreed. Goodbye Brisbane, Hello Melbourne. More specifically, NorthEastern suburbian Melbourne.

We make the move in a month and while I am moving with a local, one who knows a lot of ins and outs, I am keen to learn as much as I can for myself. Good cafes, crap suburbs, best hairdressers, etc.

So, sell yourself to me Melbourne, you minx. 









 Other mythologicl creatures to play a part in the final books?

Last night I had a bitchin dream that when Dany came to Westeros astride her dragon, with her two riders by her side, they were met in the air by Aegon and Co riding griffins. Awesome aerial battle ensued.

Now, we know dragons exist, giants, ice spiders and possibly unicorns do too but what other creatures could we plausibly expect to see, and do we really think that any of them would have a play in the final battles?

Be as tinfoilly as you want, I am just kicking around the Ideas Ball. 



















 Ok, so I was playing social netball tonight and we were losing. Normally, I don't care a whole lot about the score because I am in it for the fitness but tonight, it was bothering me. I was getting frustrated that the ref was making a lot of petty calls against our team and ignoring them when the other team did the same thing. On top of this, their centre was constantly getting in my girls' faces and contacting them subtly so the stupid ref couldn't see.

I got sick of it, so I started sticking to her like glue. Wherever she went, I was on her. She started getting irate. Then, when I had my back to her trying to block her, she bumped against me to obviously draw a foul against me. Ref didn't see, so I bumped back.

She responded by slapping me *hard* on the arse!

I was like "wtf did you just slap me on the butt?!"

She denied it, of course. I pressed and said she did. Then she said it was an accident. The ref took her side and said it was just a general contact; part of the play. 

I spun on him and said "I know what a fucking slap on the arse feels like!"

 He threatened to send me off the court, to which I said "fine, if she goes!"

She wouldn't go and wouldn't admit anything. I called her out on her physical playing and she just stared. The ref was weak and once I showed him I wasn't getting off the court he just told the girl to apologise...which she wouldn't.

The whole situation ended with me just telling them to continue playing. The ref, the idiot, didn't try to resolve the issue and just allowed play to continue.

Later, when I looked at my cheeks, sure enough, there was a big red hand print. 
 
The whole thing made me a lot madder than it should have, but I just couldn't believe she had the nerve to deny it, then to say it was an accident and than have the ref take her side. Like I said, I know when I have been slapped! Don't tell me what I felt!


I know this is petty and juvenile and not worth reading probably, but I just needed to vent and this seemed like the place to do it.

If you read it, thanks and I'm sorry for a probably boring story 














 The post that got me an invite to this sub:

Plumber's quote to fix the toilet: $140

Buying the parts and doing it myself: $30

Enjoying the look on the plumbing shop guy's face when he realises I am a woman who actually knows what she is talking about: Priceless 




 Plumber's quote to fix the toilet: $140

Buying the parts and doing it myself: $30

Enjoying the look on the plumbing shop guy's face when he realises I am a woman who actually knows what she is talking about: Priceless 




 I don't want to hear about your Vietnamese love child, or the body buried in your backyard.

I want to know the boring, seemingly inconsequential secrets that you simply *must* keep. And why.

Edit: Ok, I get this is "real life" too...but you know what I mean 














 I am talking about the one celebrity each of you have agreed upon that if they came up to you and wanted to hook up, you are allowed a free pass to do so.

No jealousy, no divorce, no questions.

Edit: I guess I am in a minority of people who enjoy having silly conversations like this with my husband. 














 For my hubbys bday, I want to give him a piece of art featuring our two dogs. 

Can anyone recommend a local artist who can help me out. I am not looking for a Da Vinci and I want to keep it about $100 or under.

Thanks! 




 What is your bread-and-butter microscope view?

Share some pics of what you spend all your time and energy looking for each day 




 Like, those strawberry lollies that you just can't find in stores. Where do these mysterious items come from?! 




 And I can't believe it took me 24 years to watch it!!!

What a mastetpiece! It truly is a classic, in all senses of the word. The costumes, the sets, the music and Vivian Leigh!!! She floored me. She is so beautiful and powerful in that role. It made me so happy to have Scarlett as my namesake. She isn't nice, she isn't selfless...but she is *strong* and determined to have what she wants, and that made me love her. Yes, she was a fool when it came to love, but I guess that is what love does to us. It can make a fool of even the strongest of people.

The movie was an emotional rollercoaster and I loved every moment of it.

I stayed up til midnight to watch it and will be tired tomorrow but, frankly my dear, I don't give a damn. 









 I haven't felt truly impressed in a while, so give it your best shot 



















 I am making a little monkey for a friend and I want to make a little bend in his legs so he can sit on edges on things. I dont really want 90, just a slight bend.

Any ideas on how can I do this without making two legs pieces and sewing them together? 




 Everyone in the world has one, I am sure of it, they just have to find them.

Who has found theirs? Were they cooler than you? How did you find them? 




 Not to judge or critique people's work, really. I just want to see what people have to share :) 









 As a book reader, I knew Sansa's mockingbird transformation was on the cards, so it felt nice and natural to me. 

Although, I have the benefit of having her inner dialogue in my memory to supplement the scenes in the show.

So, tell me, did it feel natural to you? Was her badass transformation expected or did it feel contrived in any way? There was only really a few minutes of actual screentime between Meek Sansa and Badass Sansa, so I wonder if that was enough... 




 I only discovered this sub yesterday, so forgive me if this has been asked before.

In my early teens I began writing a fantasy story that, I felt, had great potential. Unfortunately life got in the way and I have ignored it for a long time. I want to get back into it, but upon reread, some aspects seem a bit contrived and...well, cliche.

What are some top topics, character traits, plots, etc that I really should avoid if I want to write a fresh fantasy? 









 I am captain of an amateur women's netball team called the Mix-Ups and we are in need of some players.

We play every monday night at Toombul Indoor Centre with games starting between 6:00 - 8:15pm. 

It isn't a high-skill competition and we are all just in it for the exercise. Your skills can be old, rusty or non-existant; we don't mind as long as you have the enthusiasm!

Games are $14 each and that covers court hire, ref hire and sports insurance.

If you are keen, we have a game on monday night at 6pm. No commitment required. Just have a try and see if you like it :) 









 Who feels a sense of...emptiness after finishing a comissioned project?

It's like, "What do I do now?" 









 You don't get dust bunnies in your house...

you get yarn bunnies. 
























 Sometimes changes for the good are the one of the reasons we love our SO, but I also want to hear the bad changes too. 














 It tries to sound like a love song but it just comes off as creepy 




 Let the peer psycho-analysis begin! 
























 I like hearing the stories people have about small inanimate objects that show why they mean so much 




 Get it off your chest. We can stress about our burdens together :) 









 Hey Docs.

For a few years now I was under the impression that I had asthma. A doc in uni diagnosed me even after a few inconclusive tests (normal blood O2, good lung capacity, no lesuons in chest x-ray, no wheezing).

 I do have low stamina for cardio, I get short of breath at times when it really doesn't seem like I should ( laying down for bed, watching TV) and I have had two 'attacks' (both while doing exercise). A puffer helps but I don't feel immediate relief, it usually takes a while.

It has gotten to the point where I am almost always short of breath and have to make an effort to take a good deep breath. I rarely feel satisfied after a yawn and I find myself trying desperately to suck in a little bit more air just to feel like I have enough.

It is really starting to get to me and I have spoken to a GP and he says it is psychological and I am just getting myself worked up which makes it worse. Is he right?

Extra info:

24yo, female, healthy weight, good diet, exercise regularly, non-smoker, no bad habits, no allergies or other ailments. Only medication is the Pill. Live in a small city on the outskirts, minimal pollution 




 No Spoilers, to be safe.

For my birthday this year, I asked my dad for the Game of Thrones bookset. 

My father is a wonderful man, but has sometimes given me reasons to question his judgement...or at least his thought processes.

 One Christmas I wanted a copy of The Da Vinci Code that had all the pictures of the churches in it (I love Roman architecture). He couldn't find it, so he gave me a book of Da Vinci's writings and drawings.

Close enough.

Another year I asked for a hammock. I told him specifically the one I wanted and where to get it. He got me one completely different and not really what I was hoping for, but it had stripes like the one I pointed out so I just didn't have the heart to fault him on it.

One time, just randomly he bought me a spellbook. I have no idea why, it wasn't my birthday. To this day I have never read it.

Anyway, all of these things have been funny little events that lead to me possessing things I never thought I would, and me appreciating my dad just for the effort he puts in.


But this birthday, I was serious. I wanted that bookset. I needed it. So, I gave my dad very clear instructions. I told him Game of Thrones bookset. It is *this* big, *this* much money and you can buy it from *this* shop.

Noticed my mistake yet?

So my poor dad went off in search of The Game of Thrones bookset. He went to the shop and looked around. He looked and looked and looked. Finally, after what he said was about half an hour he gave up. He headed over to a table in middle of the shop. He picked up a big set of books and took a quick glance at the back. 

Dragons, knights, Queens and intrigue.

"This sounds like something YoureNotaGenius would read, I will get her this seeing as I can't find what she wants." And so he did.

Fast forward to my birthday and as I opened my present I noticed a look of apprehension my dad's face. I shrugged it off and kept opening.

I must have missed the look of confusion he surely would have had afterwards when I jumped up and gave him a hug, crying "Oh dad, it is *perfect*! Just what I wanted. Thank you so much!"

He finally got one right, and that was purely by chance. 
























 I am part of a ladies netball team that plays every monday and we are in need of enthusiastic -if not particularly skilled- players.

$14 a game. 
Toombul Indoor Centre.
Games usually between 6:45-8:30

No strong commitment necessary, just play when you can. 

















































