 It will be my first witcher game and I am so exited 




 My ass is ready ........ Oooh wait  




 Sooo  is kirby boy or girl :) ? Any way 3ds version look good  




 No its not about your color its about your horse power :) if you are horny will ..... You know what will happen 




 Its late I know but happy birthday my friend . don't be sad we all here for you.  




 Its because of the characters and there skills and of course Nintendo touch . Awesome 




 That's why I love this game because of the characters and skills and Nintendo Touch . I am not big fan of dynasty warriors games. but this game will be a blast 




 Shit just got real....... I am so Hyped for this 




 Pure Awesomeness ....... Hype Train . Chou Chou  




 Hahahaha I really had a hard time reading your second part 




 Woow  so this is your speed painting........ I want to see your slow -take your time Painting. You are amazing  




 Let's hope it will be the sonic Savior game . I hate to see this franchise to be dead
And I am not big fan of sonic 




 Its not creepy its beautiful .......... 




 Thank you my love  




 Fish can poop ........    ..... Dear diary today I discover that fish can poop  




 You gotta love the comments here . its so funny I laugh do hard and one of my brothers is sleep . its beautiful I hope I see one of them here in Saudi Arabia but I think it will not happen 




 Its a good idea . thank you sir  
























 Thank you my friend I will check it out . thank you for the info 




 How can I get to Mario kart 8 ! I buy it yesterday and I have this feeling that I will not like it . I didn't play any Mario kart game ever this is my first one and I need help to like it .  




 6 a lot of player don't like it .
RE:Remake : they should make new RE with the Remake money.
RE:Revelation : I hate them for not make a Wii u or 3ds port 




 Will that creepy in a good way .......! 




 Oooh x men legend my favorite character was My Lovely STORM oooh and her super skill ( THUNDER STORM)  




 Glad to hear that . thank you  




 Thank you . I will :) 




 That's creepy :0 




 Ooh yes . thank you my friend I just finish ep 3 and understand the regeneration of the doctor and his past  




 Thank you for the information . I hope I like them all :) 




 I will . thank you :) I almost cry at episode 1 of season 2  




 Thank you . will the doctor cheat death and transform to another doctor maybe this is spoiler to someone  




 Pure Awesomeness ...... ! 




 Magician for life  




 F*ck you ubisoft we don't need you to survive   




  Number 413 . 3ds . animal crossing . pikmin 3 




 His eyes .... Deep sadness inside 
























