































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 A thought experiment: put aside partisan rejection of the global scientific consensus and assume, just for grins, that the thousands of scientists who've studied this matter for almost two centuries are right: we are cooking the climate and we must quit fossil fuels within 30-40 years, or risk costs so catastrophic that no responsible person would tolerate dumping them on their children. Also assume that the leading economists studying this are correct in calculating that switching from fossil fuels to other energy sources will cost relatively little--about 1% or so of global GDP--so there is no question that the benefits far outweigh the costs.

How, as a conservative, would you then recommend we accomplish this fast transition off of fossil fuels? Carbon taxes? Carbon caps? Martial law? Make the Chinese pay for it all? What? 































































































































































































































































































































 Now that a [fossil free index exists](http://fossilfreeindexes.com/fossil-free-indexes-us/) and is outperforming the broader S P 500 over long time scales, why aren't the major fund houses offering such an index? Does anyone know of one?

This is actually one of the reasons I buy individual stocks: to cut out fossil fuels, given that all of the world's national scientific academies now agree that the burning them must soon end to avoid gigantic global economic and environmental risks, meaning that these companies stand to lose trillions in assets. 























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































