 Shrek is love Shrek is life.  




 Start using renewable energy.  



















 That Roswell isn't an airport.  




 ICP their music is garbage and so are their fans.  














 Parking 




 Same picture but with the names of each general on the bottom. http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4c/Kaiser_generals.jpg/800px-Kaiser_generals.jpg 
























 I abuse it in the opposite way. I only down vote in very rare occasions. I upvote a lot though.  




 Someone's education shouldn't determine if a person can run for any political office or how good they'd do. Anyone can run for office from a person who works at Wal Mart with a high school diploma to a professor with a PhD. I won't be supporting Scott Walker but his education shouldn't be as big of a deal everyone is making it out to be.  









 I'd go with San Andreas or Vice City.  





























 Does it put the lotion on the skin? 




 Sounds like a good movie plot.  




 Onions 




 Politicians are for the people.  




 At least they're attempting to lower their pollution levels.  




 Conspiracy 














 He lost a bet 




 Parking 




 If someone mentions a subreddit I'll check it out and subscribe if I like it.  




 Keeping up with hezbollah.  




 I'd buy them a phone case for a phone they don't have.  




 Always propaganda with Russia.  




 Electricity 




 Pakistan barley knows whats going on in their own country. They might have heard a rumor from someone's friends cousin but that's about it.  





























 The government 









 Peas and carrots 









 At least 4 




 It's still the 12th where I'm at.  









 Well, I live on Wheeler Airfield. It was bombed by the Japanese during Pearl Harbor.  




 Quantum physics degree 




 In history or current? 




 The invention of pong.  




 Four day weekend 




 A pic of a prescription so my wife can refill it. I hope the world isn't too shocked.  




 I didn't see Fallout 4, I guess I'll just keep being depressed.  









 For example if you're conservative what do you like that liberals do that your party doesn't and vice versa.  












































 Explain what you did and why you did it.  
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 I was reading a book about the battle when I thought of the question. I took to researching about why, but never found a solid answer.  














 Did anyone else see the fireball south/southwest of the Islands? The time spotted was between 5:15a.m. to 5:40 a.m.  I was wondering if anyone knows any information to what it was.  









 Does anyone else have a problem with their internet while playing world of tanks? Both my buddy and myself have had problems with our internet while playing this particular game.  




 Does anyone know what army regulation states that you don't have to buy equipment that you weren't issued? One of my co-workers had found it before, but it's been so long no one remembers it.  




 Does anyone know how to get stationed here? Also could you give me a break down of how everyday is at this duty station?  




 Would a website that you could rate your leadership be a good idea? I noticed how sometimes good leaders aren't recognized and toxic leaders fly under the radar. If there were a website that let everyone know how good of a leader they actually were would it help the problem? How would you stop reviews from becoming spammed by grudges or vendettas?  


































 Can you change your major? If you did would you have more hope? 




 What is holding you back? 




 A blue Hawaiian or New Jersey turnpike.  



















 Italy  




 They may be still exchanging fire during a ceasefire but at least they're making some progress.  



















 I don't know, I was farley drunk myself.  




 Ron Paul.  









 High school, because it was simple, easy, and fun.  




 Idk my friends and dad were stationed in Alaska. It wasn't suggested as much. 









 God damn Mongolians keep destrying my shii wall.  




 What lead to becoming lower class? Also married 3 times, would you know why they would do that? 









 Until people learn exactly what the budget is spent on. ~12 billion on uniform development. ~400 billion on the F35 ~2 billion for the land warrior system that isn't used. Ect..... 




 They probably hung out as kids, and made a bet of who can be the bigger asshole.  




 Because I don't like commitment 




 Awesome, I like how they give a breakdown of how it works.  




 It did a great job in showing war deprevation and brutality. It didn't do that good with reality in the final battle.  




 They're going to be bored watching my dot stay in my house all day.  




 I think congress needs a few fist fights.  




 Roaring twenties. Everyone dresses up, decorate like a speakeasy.  









 If it's a debate for fun I'd go with "who'd win a grizzly bear or a silver back gorilla" "who's the better western actor John Wayne or Clint Eastwood?"    For something serious I'd talk about which European country has the best economy/government. Who's worse the Mexican Cartel or Terrorists? You could even go with which presidential candidate is best for America.  




 I don't really have a reason why I give I just do. Especially to the people with signs like "using the money for alcohol". If they're being honest they might as well get a few dollars.  




 I'm sitting here in an empty house, watching documentaries on Netflix, about the economy.  




 North and South Korea conjoin to become the number 1 country against the fight on hunger.  




 Looks like coke is losing the next marketing war.  














 The only people that would have homemade explosives are the guys with the "tanks". I don't think they're worried too much. Could you imagine if narcos started using IED like attacks though? 



















 Going to college 




 They'll defeat their enemies with laughter.  




 Because we're using all of our resources and money to police the world. Instead of working on building a better America we're working to change people's ideals across the world.  We're also being destroyed internally by drugs which the majority comes from Mexico because they refuse to make the boarder harder to cross.  









 Astronaut door gunner  




 Just sitting there on his phone all day.  









 Limiting, it'd be easier for me to just not use my car than not eat.  




 Anything is more productive than fasting.  




 It's good they show care for the environment but fasting isn't going to do much. Instead they could go on a 40 day planting campaign, a 40 day cleaning/recycling outdoor areas, or raise some money for non profit environmental organizations. That would do more for the environment than fasting.  









 The mexican cartel killing America citizens.  
























 The abomination 




 It's just frowned upon 




 Shaving 









 Didn't they say that last year and the year before. Most likely it's because their numbers are down because ISIS is attracting all the jihadists.  









 Who's on second 




 Wouldn't that constitute as polygamy 




 http://www.onestopperfume.com/ferrari-black-cologne-4-2-oz-eau-de-toilette-spray-for-men-tester-no-cap/?gclid=CMjouvHL7cMCFc9hfgodZnYASQ 









 I personally don't think Hillary is a good choice for the democrats. I'm liking Bernie Sanders.  




 I picked my Ferrari up at Ross when I was shopping with the wife. It was a little over 20.  




 I like Ferrari black. After I started wearing it a few of my friends also bought it.  









 Malcolm X 




 Hugh Hefner and Ellen Page.  
























 Loud noises  














 I think the real question is where did they get better camera operators and video editors? 














 The best I could describe it is a mix of surfer, ebonics, and the original Hawaiian language.  




 I live in Hawaii, the locals speak pidgin. http://www.e-hawaii.com/pidgin 




 Flag of Mozambique. It has an AK 47 http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flag_of_Mozambique 




 Move out of the way Egypt there's a new hump in town.  




 Ashton Carter http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ashton_Carter 









 The vortex. It's a little older but its durability is unimaginable.  




 Give these people a country already.  




 Mom's side: railroad engineer, housewife.
Dads side: logger/owned a truck repair company, realtor 




 That's fairly hilarious.  




 I gave a guy that claimed he was in the military 250. He asked for it saying he was stuck downtown and couldn't get back to post. I definitely didn't think he was in the military  but it doesn't bother me.  




 Yes  









 The pyrates book series. Virtually unknown and I unfortunately didn't get to read the last book.  http://www.goodreads.com/series/61015-pyrates 




 1) I'll be positive. Helping people sign petitions /r/petitions 2) giving away free things /r/freebies 3) helping people become more knowledgeable /r/space 4) sharing life experiences with a person you've never met or something you've never done /r/self 




 Good idea, until they call a bomb run on Syrian troops.  




 Would the risk of a small percentage of the refugees  being terrorists be worth them living in the U.S.? 




 Kit Cat Breaker 




 Cheese, pineapple and ham 




 How do you accidentally propose? You fall down onto a knee and by coincidence a ring flies into your hand.  




 Something along the lines of Google glasses.  














 How many strippers actually use the money to pay for college? 




 I'm sure you did. I don't recall any other president getting dogged on as much as Obama.  




 It's either Obama needs to be impeached or he's done an act of treason. People need to calm down.  




 Blair Waldorf from Gossip Girl 









 I just have a "feeling" about this painting.  




 Atlantian 




 Museum curator 




 This entire song http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=nGt_JGHYEO4 









 Who's supposed to keep time on that? 



















 10 hours of walking and 1:37 of footage. Can people stop copying this? This could literally apply to anyone set in the right area.  




 A paper cut while chopping lemons.  




 Wonder what the wait on reservations is.  









 Nazi Germany did the same thing, but after they were already losing. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/36th_Waffen_Grenadier_Division_of_the_SS 




 You have the patience to become a millionaire but not enough to wait for a gate.  




 Achilles in Vietnam http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6069.Achilles_in_Vietnam 














 The sit in the corner and drink alone game 
























 The students must have designed it.  




 Yes, his argument basis was that they don't master a particular fighting style therefore aren't professional.  




 Gangs of New York, and No Country For Old Men 




 I couldn't handle both of those argument in a day.  




 Arguing if UFC is a professional sport.  




 Someone argued with me that UFC isn't a professional sport. I dont follow UFC, but no one can be that stupid.  




 No, some guy in the army told me this. He might have got it from Bear Grylls though.  




 Video games 




 Drink someone's spinal fluid as a water replacement.  




 Terrorist fighting terrorists. That's how much ISIS is hated in the world.  




 I don't have anything against Russia. I think everyone has just hung onto that cold war grudge that Russia is the ultimate enemy.  




 Everyone thinks they can be a better leader/boss than the person above them.  




 Independent, all parties have ideals that I like.  




 So they can get viewers.  




 If America is going to spy on their own, then they'll spy on others.  









 Eliminate alcohol, sorry Bond no more martinis for you.  




 A very interactive website, I like it.  




 Closing the border.  




 Are you serious? This has been asked everyday at least five times.  




 Antarctica 




 Room for 200 people, 200 friends Kim Jong Un doesn't have.  









 Fancy people discussing the band Tool 




 No using doors. You can only leave a building through a window or other exits.  









 It's illegal to use chewing tobacco in Australia.  




 They'll easily make that money back in a few months.  




 The Hey Arnold movie. They had one in the making but stopped. http://heyarnold.wikia.com/wiki/Hey_Arnold!:_The_Jungle_Movie 




 I'm a independent voter. I like politicians from both parties. I haven't found anyone that's solid yet to support, follow, and potentially vote for.  




 Hate mail.  




 Everyone meets up at a known spot in town. Split the teams up between cops and fugitives. The fugitives must go on foot to a safe point across town. When the game starts the cops drive their cars to the safe spot, turn around and look for the fugitives. The cops must leave the car and tag a fugitive. If you get tagged you become a cop, if you make it to the safe spot you're just safe.  




 Fugitive. Still the best game I've ever played.  




 Penguin. Who wouldn't be entertained with some animal in a suit waddling around the house.  




 Are you serious, this has asked 4 times within the last hour.  




 It's like after WW2 Europe was in ruins, but at least they had all these countries helping to rebuild. Who's going to rebuild Syria? I believe their country will be permanently in ruins.  




 You look at these images and realize. Whoever ends up wining the war isn't going to have anything to rule over.  




 The field of lost shoes. The battle scenes are pretty cheese but it was way better than what I thought it'd be. -The quiet man, you can't go wrong with a John Wayne classic.  
























