 I hear you, however, I dislike the idea that anything that isn't our reality or a future possible reality is fantasy. Like surrealism, magical realism, postmodernism, and other styles don't need to be lumped in with fantasy when they are doing different things.  




 That probably includes multiple translations of the same language. Like the King James Bible is only one of the English translations.  




 My understanding is that the "fantasy" elements are not really real, but myths and that his inspiration was early English mythology and early romances, not modern fantasy novels.  









 Yes, it's odd of her to simultaneously claim the book isn't Fantasy enough and to claim it should be called Fantasy 




 In the same interview that made UKLG mad, Ishiguro says his book was mainly inspired by Westerns and Samurai films. I'm not sure he is afraid of acknowledging "genre" 




 Yep, also while book reviews are more objective at big magazines, the fact that a book even GETS reviewed is often because publishers or publicists have connections at the major magazines or because there is a big marketing budget. And even if books are often reviewed by people who don't know the author, interviews are frequently conducted with friends and placed in big magazines. 

There's never going to be a way to "objectively" get the best books published and reviewed and praised. But honestly, despite the nepotism, I trust the professional publishing world to be more honest than the world of purchased Amazon/Yelp/Goodreads reviews and Kindle sales ranking manipulation.  














 There's a lot of talk in this thread about blurbs don't make readers think books are good. But I don't think is exactly the point of blurbs. I think the point is more to "position" the book, so if you like dark fantasy novels and you see a book with blurbs from famous dark fantasy writers you think, "Oh, maybe this is worth checking out." Or if you love avant-garde literary fiction, and you see a book with blurbs from experimental literary writers, then you are more inclined to pick that one up. 

So it isn't really about making you believe that the avant-garde literary book is better or worse than the dark fantasy one. It's about guiding the readers to your book based on their established tastes.  




 Sadly, things are only going more in this direction since publishers feel pressure from the self-publishing world where all the best sellers are lowest common denominator romance, formulaic SF, Twlight imitations, etc. 

That's just where the money is. You can't really blame agents and publishers, gotta blame readers for reading that pap.  









  Now, after taking them semi-seriously one too many times, when I see a book with blurbs primarily (or, especially, only) from other authors I don't even bother.

Typically I only see that in debut author's books who haven't had any reviews yet. Even if a book is badly reviewed overall, once it's gotten a dozen reviews or so you can normally pick out a few decent quotes to make it seem like it was praised. 

This is true for films too, where every film, even like 2 Twilight 2 Transformers: The Reboot part 3 have positive quotes on the posters.  









  Also, isn't the NYT lost mostly bullshit?

It's way more trustworthy than the Amazon rankings, but still able to be manipulated. As the poster below says, it's based on a sampling of book stores around the country so can't just be manipulated through one source or one small time window (you can spend a few thousand, or even less, on your own book and rocket to the top of Kindle lists) 




 Eh, the problem here is that the writing world is much smaller than most outsiders realize. If you are a SF writer, say, and you go to conferences and comicons you will meet tons of other writers and you'll interact with more on social media and your agent will represent others and your publisher will represent even more. Point being, almost every conceivable endorsement will have SOME connection to you. 

This is true for any genre. 

Maybe he just wants to end blurbs altogether, but there's basically no way to do blurbs or any kind of endorsements that won't have some risk of nepotism.  









  Are dogs therefore not animals because they existed before the word was thought up?

There's no authorial intent or societal context for a dog, though. OTOH, intent and context do play a part in whether something is written or read as "fiction" or read as religion or myth. That's why I brought up the Bible, which is read by some people as truth and other people as pure myth. 

If the Bible was written today, it would be a fantasy book, but the Bible and the Odyssey wouldn't be written today... not like they were back then, because the authors would have a different context and intent. 

You know what I mean? 

 I get a bit annoyed by the way 'literature' picks the bones of genre fiction. The thought process seems to be: if genre fiction is good, it stops being genre and starts being 'literary'. That's a very sinister way to distort the dataset.

I'm totally, 100% with you here. However, I do think it goes both ways. There's a tendency for genre writers to try and lay claim to authors of the past (or even the present!) who would never consider their work to be part of those genres. There's a huge history of non-realist work in literary fiction that is constantly being claimed by different genres (SF, fantasy, horror, whatever) even when the author lived in a time of those genres and didn't consider them an inspiration. 

It can get pretty comical with a dozen different genres trying to claim an author. I've seen people argue that Kafka is truly a magical realist, or truly a fantasy writer, or truly a horror writer, or a proto-science fiction author, or an early post-modernist, etc.  




 I think it's pretty sad that people feel the need to change the work of authors to fit their own backwards feelings. That's one thing. But it becomes a real problem when you are doing this for the books you are making kids read. If you think someone is too young for a book, sure. But don't give them a censored version of it.  




 Definitely had the opposite experience: being absorbed by a book but then when I finish thinking "huh... that didn't really go anywhere" and a few days later thinking "I... can't even remember anything that happened." 




 Again, I didn't use the word "censorship." 

If you want to redefine the word "censor" in a way totally different than every English dictionary, okay, whatever.  




  That films tells the story of Joan's trial in a deeply more intimate way than a book could. 

I don't see any reason why this is true. There are tons of books that deeply and intimately move people. In fact, people commonly say that they love books BECAUSE they feel more intimately close to the author or characters. 

It's true that film can do some things that books can't, but more "deeply intimate"? Nah, don't think that's true.  




 Also, "reading" is a rarer activity. Everyone and their mother watches TV and movies, but only a small percentage of the population reads more than 2 books a year.  




 Reading is, in general, a much better means of conveying information and knowledge than any of those other things. You can learn way more from two hours of reading than you can from two hours of TV watching, even of a documentary. Your brain just processes words faster. 

In addition, reading is more brain-intensive in that you have to imagine and think over every sentence, you can't passively watch in the way that you can TV or movies. 

That doesn't mean that some shitty self-published YA vampire series is more "intellectual" than HBO's The Wire though. But as a general rule... 




 "Censorship" wasn't in the title. 

CENSOR
transitive verb
:  to examine in order to suppress or delete anything considered objectionable censor the news; also :  to suppress or delete as objectionable censor out indecent passages

Obviously it's not government censorship, but removing objectionable material is still censoring even if it's a parent doing it for a child.  




 Well, I guess we get into the question of how much the Odyssey was believed. I'm not a scholar on this subject, but it seems it existed in the kind of nebulous zone of old folk lore where it wasn't 100% believed but was considered somewhat true, part myth part history. 

That's pretty different than, say, the Lord of the Rings which no one believes is real at all.  




 Yeah? I haven't read the Ishiguro, so can't comment, but I think it's weird to claim that actual myths and folk tales are "fantasy," which is a modern genre that uses myths and folk tales as inspiration but for different ends. 

I mean, is the Bible a fantasy book in your opinion?  














  I'd like to see someone write a book about "needing to find a missing pair of sweat socks" and "existential nihilism" that can hold my attention. Good luck with that one

That's not SO far from the works of Thomas Bernhard and he is a literary genius 



















 well... it is an article on a literary device, not sure it's name dropping to list examples! 




  Of course I know they're "worth" reading and I know the show and the books differ and go in separate directions just as The Walking Dead has

To this question, i'd say the Game of Thrones show is FAR closer to the books than TWD. The latter has killed off major characters who didn't die anywhere near that point in the narrative, or else kept people around long after they died. 

The Game of Thrones /ASOIAF are basically the same, plot-wise, for the first two or three seasons. They've started to diverge a little now, but it isn't dramatic... yet at least.  




 They are not very well written on a sentence level. Martin got his chops in TV writing and they read like scripts: plot, plot, plot. Very little effort put into the language or even mood and atmosphere (until books 4/5 when he starts to relax and get looser.... part of why people like those books less). 

But the plot twists and characters are great, and the books fly by. If the idea behind them appeals to you, worth a read.  




 yes, they do. But, as you say, the good stuff is sandwiched between collections of .gifs or art stolen from tumblr.  




 But it's very similar to how a LOT of big media companies (Buzzfeed, Dose, Huffington Post, Bustle, etc.) operate. Not all of those are tabloids, but they repackage the work that other people have done and crank out content as fast as possible without doing any original work. 





























 Do you feel the same way about all arts careers? Like grad programs in music, theater, dance, or chef schools?  









  People don't understand that an MFA is not like another grad program. You're never going to see that money back if you pay for it.

Sadly, this makes it exactly like most grad programs in the US in 2015 :( 




 I'm in favor of MFA programs in general, or good ones at least, but it's insane that there are 300 programs in America! If they take an average of 10 fiction writers, they are pumping out 3,000 a year. 30,000 in a decade? That's way more writers than there are even spots in shitty literary magazines 
























 On the one hand, I agree that being creative (and exercising!) is godo for people. On the other hand, I do think our culture has this idea that writing is fake profession and that "anyone can do it" and it can't be taught, etc. There's common phrases like "everybody has a novel in them" and just a general sense that everyone could be a novelist. There ISN'T a sense that everyone could be a professional marathon runner, or even that everyone could be a painter or chef or actor.  




 Well, again, the legal part of a contract is normally handled by a lawyer. What agents do is negotiate for you, as well as get you past the slush and know (hopefully) what editors are right for your project. An IP lawyer can't do those things. 

Also, for 99% of writers a 15% rate on your advance will be much less than an hourly rate for a lawyer... that's before even factoring in that an agent can up your advance from what you'd get on your own.  




 I assume you are suggesting agents are rip-off artists of some sort. I have to disagree. I'd bet basically every legit agent pays for themselves by upping your advance, and they protect rights for writers. (Most agents work at agencies that have bar-passed lawyers on staff that go over the final contracts) 




 This is a weird argument. Tom Sawyer? Huckleberry Fin? The Jungle Book? A million books with teen protagonists and read by teens were published before TKAM. 

Even for more modern YA work, The Catcher in the Rye and Lord of the Flies predate TKAM.  




 true, Ishiguro doesn't seem like a genre snob to me.  



















 I think that's true, but I don't think that's Laura Miller's claim. She doesn't think Game of Thrones is for children, and that was her counter-example.  




 I hear you. I mean everything I've read makes me think it's fantasy, but i'll wait to actually read it to form a real opinion.  









 Is that true? I know tons of male agents. Wouldn't surprise me if the split is 60-40, but doubt it is "overhwelmingly" female 




 got this is one of my favorite books. Hope you like it!

The poem is intentionally shitty so don't worry so much about it. The real story is in the commentary. You could read the poem quickly once, then the commentary if you'd like.  




 "I have 10,000 thermo nuclear bombs buried beneath each city on earth and will kill every human on earth if you write one more poem"  




  I frankly think that initiatives like National Novel Writing Month are insulting to real writers. We dont have a National Heart Surgery Month, do we? Im being intentionally provocative there, obviouslybeing a good or bad writer isnt a matter of life or deathbut Im also serious. Great writers are as rare as great heart surgeonsmaybe even rarer; I dont actually know anything about heart surgeons. But I would argue that it takes as much time and work to perfect their craft, in addition to having talent to begin with that most people just dont. What I really object to is this notion behind these initiatives that anyone can write a novel, and that its just a matter of making the time to do it. Thats just not true. 




 Yeah I'm not sure I buy the argument, but thought it was worth a discussion.  




 I haven't read the book, but I saw some other people arguing that the book is more of a straight allegory/symbolist book than a true fantasy book in the vein of GoT. 

That makes sense to me as a distinction between true fantasy and something using the fantasy form.  




 haha, great reference 









 I bet some people will dislike what he says, but I thought it was refreshingly candid  


































 There's a lot more steady work in freelance copeyediting, proofing, or fact checking than in freelance writing. 

Sometimes you can make it work if you get a good regular gig at some place that writes textbooks, or corporate newsletters, or something like that. 

It's nearly impossible to survive as a freelancer writing interesting essays or book reviews or whatever for culture websites. Those articles are done by staff writers or else freelancesr who are doing it less for money than to get their name out there and promote their books.  









 A simple writing style about rich WASPS instead of a complex, lyrical style about poor southerners? 

Cheever maybe?  



















 I went to public American school and studied everyone from Doestovesky to Shakespeare to Beckett, Wilde, Camus, Bronte, Faulkner, Hemingway, O'Connor, Marquez, etc. 

I mean, to each their own, but it was a very broad range of work from all over the world. 
 




 My favorites: 

* Borges

* Cortazar 

* Bolano (I'd recommend The Savage Detectives or By Night in Chile as starting point)

* Aira (rec: The Literary Conference)

* Marquez (rec: 100 Years of Solitude) 

* Marias (rec: Bad Elvis)

* Ocampo (rec: her stories)
 









  been out of school for quite awhile now and I still hate classic literature.

This kind of statement baffles me, honestly. Because "classic" literature is a category that spans 500 years, every country in the world (or at least a couple dozen from what's read in America), and dozens and dozens of styles of writing. 

 I think teacher's in the US are really letting their students down over this.

That said, I DO think that most English classes (and most HS classes of any kind) don't teach stuff in the most interesting ways. I'm a rabid reader and published writer, but I hated the focus on "themes" and plot details in HS classes.  




 I didn't write the list and the list claims to be American authors. I do think everyone on the list LIVES in America, even though Zadie Smith and a few others are from other countries.  









 Because there are a huge number of black authors in in a huge number of countries and "racism" is not the only thing they write about...

Anyway, give some of the authors on that list a try! It's a good list of authors from the ones I know.  




 It just reads like the statement of someone who has barely read any black authors.  




 Well I"m already getting down voted by the silly people who think SJWs a real thing!  














 How many of the books in that article have you read?  




 Good example of how the "art just wants to be free" mindset really hurts writing. Yes, people still want to write even if they aren't making a lot of money, but the writing is more rushed, less researched, etc.: 

 The previous day, Id spoken to John Vaillant, one of Canadas most acclaimed literary journalists. He said he knows writers who are rushing to finish important, research-heavy, non-fiction books in a matter of months  books that would normally require years of work  because thats all they can afford to do.

 You have good people doing half-baked work against their better judgment and inclination, he said. Im seeing writers make those compromises. 














 Good post! Agree that there are different people who are snobby AGAINST complex, experimental or "serious" fiction for different reasons.  




 To clarify a bit with some examples, "clarity" is just one tactic and just one way of writing. There are many reasons to not be clear. Pynchon's Crying of Lot 49 has a convoluted plot to intentionally mirror the paranoia and conspiracy atomosphere the protagonist finds herself in. 

It's basically a rule in horror fiction/film that making the monster less clear tends to be scarier as the audience imagines something scarier than you can describe or show. 

Mysteries and "puzzle box" shots/books/films have unclear elements, characters, and actions to keep the reader guessing. 

Poetry often uses big or complex words for the musicality of the language. 

And on the sentence level, dense and complex sentences can convey things that clear ones can't. Faulkner and Nabokov say things that Hemingway and Orwell can't, and vice versa. 

None of the above is to say that complex writers are necessarily better than clear and simple writing. It's all preference.  




 I think you can be a snob without being pretentious. For example, if you think--as people sometimes say here--that literary fiction fans or even fans of "realism" instead of fantasy (say prefer John Green to Harry Potter) are fakers with boring tastes who don't have imaginations large enough to appreciate Tolkien and Rowling is just as snobby as a ivory tower lit professors saying people who read Tolkien and Rowling instead of literary fiction are peasants. You know?  




 Those are your preferences, not facts.  




 I like those books, but gotta disagree a little. My biggest complaint about Martin's writing is that he frequently TELLS what he just SHOWED. Specifically, his characters internal thoughts tend to just restate what the action and dialogue already presented to us: 

"Do you hate your traitorous father?" Jeffery said, holding his knife and sneering at Sansa. "Say yes or feel my wroth."

Sansa tried not to show any emotion. "Yes, I hate my traitorous father." 

*Not really! I actually love my father but I'm afraid Joffrey will hurt me if I don't agree with him!"*

 




 French. France has a huge and amazing literary history, and from a historical/cultural standpoint it is the second most important and referenced Western literary tradition.  




 while I'm not the OP, there is plenty of hate for any book that is dense, complex, "postmodern," or overtly intellectual on reddit and in the culture generally. Infinite Jest, Thomas Pynchon, sometimes all "literary fiction," hell sometimes just reading foreign literature gets you called pretentious.  




 yep, also... 90% of the people who use that term have no idea what it means. They think it means snobby or overly smart or something, but that is not the definition. 

 attempting to impress by affecting greater importance, talent, culture, etc., than is actually possessed.

Pretension is affecting knowledge/skills/talent that you don't possess. It isn't being really smart or writing smartly if you actually are smart. Or reading a smart book if you are smart. (Hell, nothing wrong with reading a smart book if you aren't smart either.) 




 Oh man, I know what you are talking about! We live in a very anti-intellectual age where people love to talk shit about "snobs" and "ivory tower elitists" who... dont' really exist, while lauding anything that sells well as automatically good whether McDonald's or Twilight. 

I get reading whatever you want to read, but it is utterly bizarre how many people actively look down on readers of complex or dense fiction. Like, you don't like Infinite Jest or Nabokov? That's fine. The fact that someone else DOES like those books doesn't make them horrible snobs. Actually, the fact that you turn your nose up at people who read literary fiction makes you the snob.  




  But, though many writers published late, I'm sure they weren't just laying bricks through their teens and twenties. I'm sure many of these people read a lot and maybe dabbled in writing,

But he didn't say "dabble" in writing, he said you had to be "seriously" writing as a teen. I just think that's wrong. Like, I know a lot of published writers. A few of them wrote a lot as teens, but most didn't start writing, certainly not in a serious capacity, until 20s or even 30s.  




 I guess... but I can't imagine that's what he means. I doubt many people start reading books in their 40s, you know?  




 Show me where I said that literary writers need an MFA? Show me where I said that people need to be "technical writers"? 

Your weird argument about what constitutes the best is silly because what is "best" depends on what one is talking about. The "best" Hardboiled Detective stories have different qualities than the "best" postmodern metafictional novels. There's no one standard to writing. My point there was that the vast majority of MFA students will not succeed. You have to be at the top of your game to make it as a literary writer, as defined by the people making the decisions (editors, readers, whatever.) I was not advocating for some static or even objective standard of "best writing."  




 Dude, you keep making arguments against things I never said. I NEVER claimed that you "need" an MFA to be a writer of any kind. I NEVER said you need to be a great "technical writer".... what the hell does that even mean? Being able to write really complex sentences? 

I never used the term "technical writer" just as I never said people need to go to an MFA. Hell, I never even said an MFA helped! The only thing I said is that an MFA indicates that the students want to pursue literary writing, not EL James stuff. That's hardly controversial. 

You gave me a list of BRILLIANT writers. Ray Bradbury and George Orwell ARE two of the best writers ever. They were brilliant, inventive, powerful, and just all around awesome. They don't disprove anything I've said. They were hardly only "good enough" but not great!

You seem really excited about fighting strawmen here, but it seems like, at best, we are just talking past each other. 

 




 I hear you, but he still said you had to be writing and had to be starting as a teen. That's where I disagree. 

I think you and I are on the same page though.  


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 At this point there isn't. But... he certainly had plenty of warning.  




 Yeah, he'd have to write those books in like 6 months a piece at this point.  














 Even if Martin put out Winds of Winter this year, he'd have to write the final book like 1.5 years to have it out before the start of the last GOT season. Was never going to happen.  









 Not your fault, like 500 people on Twitter and facebook reposted this obit yesterday 




 He's one of the best ever. We had a thread on him and recommendations recently: 

http://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/2zd02t/a_readers_guide_to_italo_calvino/ 




 He died in 2013... 
























 There's really no answer here. Even if we restrict ourselves to famous, canonical works, some great novels were written in a few weeks, some in a year, and others over the course of a decade. 

As for length, similarly the range goes from as short as a novel can be without being a novella or story (30k maybe?) to over a million words. 

Takes what it takes.  




 Yeah, sadly the problem isn't that there aren't venues that highlight unknown writers, it's that readers don't care about about reading them.  


































  Freeman served as editor for Tales of Two Cities: The Best and Worst of Times in Todays New York, released by OR Books.  The anthology includes fiction and nonfiction from David Byrne, Teju Cole, Junot Daz, Victor LaValle, Ta Obreht, Edmund White and many others

Good line up. I remember David Byrne from the Talking Heads saying NYC was dying because of this a few years ago.  
























 The Kelly Link, George Saunders, and Ray Bradbury are three of my favorites ever 



















 That's technically a humor piece (shouts   murmors column) not a short story from the fiction section. 

That said, Simon Rich is great and the New Yorker publishes a HUGE variety of fiction.  




  These books seem a lot like they're rejecting the notion that a monarch actually has the power to affect the quality of people's lives like that.

Really? I dunno if the books will end that way, but I think the books make it clear that the "game of thrones the high lords play" has a HUGE impact on the smallfolk. In the books, they people in the riverlands are completely devastated by their rulers and their wars. 

And in the World of Ice and Fire, the chapters on the "good" kings seem to imply that the good ones can help the entire realm. 

 It seems to me like the Iron Throne in general is a red herring. Something for the powerful to squabble over while the really important stuff gets ignored and the real threats remain unchecked 

This is totally true! FWIW, I wasn't saying that Martin would say Jon or Dany saved the realm and everyone lived happily ever after with no problems. Just that he could write the ending in a way to indicate that the king/queen at the end of the book rules for more than a year or two. 

Either way, if there is a final clear king I do not think that Martin would make that horribly significant in the way you are disagreeing with. What's significant will be the battle between humanity (and dragons?) and the white walkers. Whoever is left ruling will have a broken realm where almost every sub-kingdom has been ravaged by war or white walkers.  




 I hope note, because I love how ASOIAF shatters most of the traditional fantasy cliches, but the beautiful rightful heir who has been cast into exile comes back to save the land and rule peacefully is one I hope they subvert in some way.  




 Here's the kind of ending I imagine:

FAegon starts another war, but dies when Dany conquers KL with dragons. White Walkers bring down wall and invade the land. She heads up to fight them. She dies in the battle (Jon has to sacrifice her to make lightbringer?). Bran does something important that seals it so the White Walkers won't return, at least not for a looooong time.

Westeros is saved, but only after half the armies of the land have been killed in the various wars. Sansa rebuilds Winterfel. Tyrion comes back to Casterly Rock, but finds he hates living there. Jon is made king, but kind of hates ruling... still he does it and the realm is peaceful. Everything is in ruins and everyone is kinda miserable, but, so be it. The end.  




 Well, there can be a clear ending with the story of the White Walkers/winter coming to destroy Westeros, and also a clear ending to Dany and her dragons wanting to come back home. (related: a clear ending to the various prophecies). Probably also a clear ending to the battle for the iron throne. The books could tell us that Jon or Dany or whoever is crowned and then reigns peacefully for a generation. 

 People talk a lot about who 'ends up' on the Iron Throne but really what difference does it make that they're on it when the series ends? If we've learned anything it's that they could be off it within a year! 

But Martin could easily just wrote an epilogue set in the future showing some king lasts a long time, or simply tell us that happens in the last paragraph (or, more likely, sets up the ending to have the major baddies and "players" we know of killed so that we assume the new king will last)

Also, if you read The World of Ice and Fire, plenty of Targ kings lasted for decades. It's only recently that every king keeps dying quickly.  




 As long as Aegon is fake, which he is, he probably won't do all that much in the books. He'll gain some temporary power and start a war in the south--get Dorne involved maybe. But then he'll be killed when Dany comes over. 

Very easy to cut his whole storyline for the show. No reason to do a TrystAegon.  




 An Asian prize sounds good! But it's weird to attack the Pulitzer for here. The Pulitzer is for American writers. It's a national prize, it isn't meant to cover the world  




  We really do seem to be in an era where the story serial -- be it books or TV -- is the major, preferred form of cultural expression. I wonder why that is? Any guesses?

$$$

We aren't just in the age of the story serial, we are also in the age of the reboot. Both of those things are about cash. People in general really fall for famous properties and so the best way to make money is to keep doing the same property over and over--Ghostbusters, Sherlock Holmes, Marvel superheros, Middle earth, Harry Potter (Rowling is writing three new films in that universe, right?), etc. 

If a book or movie is working, keep making sequels until it starts failing. Then reboot it a couple years later.  




  Brilliant writers users knew who worked their asses off and got nowhere.

Honestly, I don't think this is as common today as before for a pretty simple reason: there are 100 times as many magazines and presses out there. 

In the past, if you didn't have stories that, for whatever reason, got picked up by the handful of magazines or your work didnt' get bought by the handful of literary presses, you couldn't ever get readers. But today you have far more options, not just with actual lit mags, but also with self-publishing, or publishing on tumblr, etc. 

 




 Agreed. I know it's easy to say "it's all the same MFA lit shit!" but... do people REALLY think that George Saunders, Karen Russell, Kelly Link, Ben Marcus, Sam Lipsyte, Chang-Rae Lee, David Foster Wallace, (this list could go on forever) actually write really similar work?

Because all those writers either went to an MFA or teach at one, and all were published in the top lit mags and anthologized in the big anthologies.  

 
























 I don't believe for a single second that the board cared about his article. They were reacting to the negative press that his post generated. If no one online had gotten mad and turned it into the viral literary story of the week, nothing would have happened. 

 He is paid to help people who want to pay him. He didnt do that in his essay 

He was no longer paid to do that. His essay was post his job, he was paid to write an essay people would read. 

Look I can understand the idea that a teacher should never--even anonymously and generally--talk badly about former students. I think I'd even agree with that. But it's a tacky thing to do, not a horrible violation that should cause him to be hunted down. 

 UNESCO sees it.

I don't think UNESCO did anything? His board quit and he decided to suspend the campaign. 

As for everyone seeing it, check out this NY Times article on how the internet bandwagon picks targets over one stupid tweet or post and ruins their careers: 

http://www.nytimes.com/2015/02/15/magazine/how-one-stupid-tweet-ruined-justine-saccos-life.html?_r=0 




 I was thinking more of Sag Harbor, which is his most famous book I think. But even more evidence that he has moved around genres if his first are postmodern.  




 Well... maybe. Who knows how long it took him to get book 1 finished, and then I believe he had a lot of material that he removed from book 1 and used in 2. Then there were big gaps between 3 and 4, and between 4 and 5 









 I agree with you, BUT fantasy is always flexible as a metaphor. There are dozens of articles online about how the "high lords" destroying the country without caring about the small folk is like our current wealth inequality era, or how the white walkers can represent climate change (the great threat that we are all ignoring while focusing on smaller political battles), and so on and so forth.  









 I would say: 

1) A lot of people in their 20s and 30s grew up on Harry Potter and Peter Jackson's LOTR films. ASOIAF/Game of Thrones was waiting to be picked up by those people. 

2) Americans are really into fantasy/SF allegories for our current political and economic situation. (Hunger Games, Walking Dead, etc.) 

3) There's not much competition for "gritty adult fantasy series." I'm sure a fantasy fan could point out other good books, but among popular fantasy authors whose names extend beyond the fantasy niche (Rowling, Gaiman, etc.) no one else is doing what he is doing currently. 

4) HBO picked it up as a TV show. Seriously, sometimes that's all it takes to propel a book series to popularity. His books sold well before that, but have sold much better after. I'd imagine most people on /r/books didn't start the books until the HBO show was announced. 

5) Martin isn't the best sentence writer but he is GREAT at plot twists and making you feel for characters of all types.  









 It's very common for writers to write in multiple genres I think. 

For the large "types" of writing: Hemingway, Carver, and many others wrote poetry and fiction. Most fiction writers publish some non-fiction. 

For genres though: 

*John Banville has a very successful literary career and a successful crime career (under the name Benjamin Black.) 

* JK Rowling switched from fantasy/Harry Potter to crime books (also with a pen name).

* Cormac McCarthy started out doing Southern Gothic, then did Westerns, then did a post-apocalyptic book. 

* Colson Whitehead does mostly literary realism, but he wrote a successful zombie apocalypse novel. 

a few off the top of my head.  









 Eh. Sorry, what Boudinot said was not really remarkable or even that mean. The writing world is filled with rejection, dismissal, criticism, and even outright hostility (especially if you ask people to pay a few books for your book). 

I also remember his original essay saying more that there are a lot of people who don't put in the work and aren't talented who shouldn't be spending money on an MFA program. That's different than saying everyone whose work he doesn't like should stop writing.  




 have you read any of his books? (I haven't, but seems weird to say a guy should be "thrown away" just because you didn't like one blog post) 




 No publisher will touch an already published book unless it is the one-in-a-million self-published book that sold a ton of copies. Unless you are the Martian or 50 Shades of Grey or Hugh Howey or whatever (basically unless you win the lottery) self-publishing hurts your chances of having that book being picked up by a traditional publisher. 

Even if it sells pretty well, the publisher will likely pick you up for you NEXT book.  









 Sure. If all you care about is the "plot' of something, just read the wiki article. 

Books and films are experiences. Both will be unique.  




 Lots of programs pay for you to go, so it's a great way to get some time away from work and just focus on writing (but not a requirement)  




 I don't think even MFA teachers would argue you "need" an MFA. An MFA can help you improve. It can give you connections and a good group of beta readers/friends. A really good program will give you money to go there. So they can help. 

But objectively speaking, tons of published writers in all genres don't have them. 









 It will most likely turn readers off and is overused, yes.  














 I'm sorry, what did he plagiarize? What is "illegal"?

Using a real life person as inspiration for a character is neither.  







































 I'd also say that the general idea that "literary fiction" can't sell well is just wrong. Many literary fiction titles make the NYT best seller lists each year.  




 Fair enough, but my point is that you can water your shit down forever in the desperate search for "more market." 

Write whatever you want, but so many people on this sub have the attitude that if you aren't producing commerical fiction in established niches you are wasting your time. I think that's nonsense. Writing is still an art and there's still value in trying to do something new and to create original and challenging work. 

But even more than that, if money is the goal, writing fiction is a bad way to get it. You'd probably live a happier life having a cushy job that lets you write on the side than pumping out 10 hastily written self-published books a year (advice I've seen on this sub many times).

Plus, most bland commercial work fails too. This book in question only sold 1k in hardcover in the UK? So maybe it will only sell 3-4K in the next year after it's US and paperback releases? That's still WAY more than 99.9999% of the books out there.  




 Actually, Shakespeare was considered the most lyrical and poetic of his peers and was NOT the most popular crowd-pleaser of his time. He lasted because he was more than just an entertainer, while so many of his peers are totally forgotten today.  




 Well-said. The popular "commercial" trends of the day are often watered-down versions of styles or forms that were pushed forward by the avant-garde (or in "serious" or "difficult" books) in decades past.  




  but you are slashing your potential market.

Is your only goal as a writer to have the biggest "market"? 

If so, then writing fiction of any kind probably isn't the best bet. Try cat listicles.  




  The great novels of the English language where never written as Literary fiction, but as entertainment. 

Sorry but this is totally a-historical. 

First off, there wasn't really a divide between 'literary fiction" and popular commercial fiction in the past because... the common people couldn't or didn't read! 

Jane Austen's work was written for--and read by--the rich upper class elitists. 

Shakespeare did have the groundlings, but he was also employed by the fucking king! About as elite as you can get. 

And you are going to tell me that James Joyce, Virginia Woolf, and so on were not writing literary fiction? Just entertaining yarns the equivalent of popcorn flicks? 

















































 This might help! http://www.reddit.com/r/Fantasy/comments/2yxn04/a_visual_guide_to_reading_terry_pratchetts/ 









 There are a lot, but not sure how many are specific to only books (or only film for that matter.) Most narrative cliches overlap. Like, IRL you can't get "knocked out" and wake up fully functional an hour later. If you black out for more than a few seconds your suffer major brain damage. But that happens in books, TV, film.  




 Amen.  









 ha, thanks! 



















 The Worm Ourborous is a high fantasy novel that came out in 1922. You could probably argue that the Oz books are "high fantasy" of a sort. 

Tolkien didn't invent that genre, just made it more popular.  




 Some of the above might not if your "universe" requirement, but some do. The Oz books have a whole fantasy world with different kingdoms and different races righting.  




 The LOTR definitely made high fantasy more popular and totally dominated the way fantasy went. Almost every major fantasy book has some combination of wizards and elves and dwarves and dragons, along with prophecies and quests and grand battles between kingdoms. 

But for fantasy generally--and not including classic mythology and such--there are modern fantasy works that predate it. The Hobbit was 1937, so:

* The Wizard of Oz books (first in 1900)
* The Worm ouroboros (1922)
* H.P Lovecraft's works (20s/30s)
* Conan the Barbarian (1932) and other Howard works

etc. 









  If a book isn't popular, or doesn't grab people, it's not the readers' fault, and it's not because people just don't know how to appreciate something good.

Also, I agree it isn't the reader's fault per se but your logic is here is off. We live in a capitalist world where market forces and money completely dominate what gets popular. That's just the facts. So if a book isn't popular, it doesn't mean it won't grab people or couldn't be popular. It may simply mean that the publisher didn't put enough marketing behind it, or the author didn't work the publicity channels enough. 

Tons of books that flop initially become popular later. And tons of books that "grab people" today will be completely forgotten about in 5 years time. 

A million books are published each year. Even dedicated readers can't read even 1% of them. So what gets popular is in large part determined by what even gets in front of people's eyes, and that's not about quality 




  The primary purpose of literature is to engage and to entertain.

Eh. There is no "primary purpose" of literature. Plus "to engage" and "to entertain" are not synonyms. Plenty of work is highly entertaining yet not very engaging (most popcorn blockbuster films and their literary equivalents) and plenty of other work is highly engaging but not entertaining really. 

People always make these statements about literature. It's purpose is to entertain OR it's to enlighten OR it's to move a reader emotionally OR it's to push aesthetic boundaries OR it's to provide escapism

etc. etc. 

None of these things are true. Or rather are all. Art has many goes, none "primary" across the whole of literature 




 I'd like that comment more if they didn't claim Foer (lolol) was a "great" author. 

That said, I agree that great books still do well and the article is probably a lot of handringing over nothing.  
























 Recent? Since 60s at least, and the norm since 80s 









 And you want book reviews to go in papers/websites the week the book is published, so reviewers need time to read and write review (and editors time to edit) before publication.

Same thigns happens in other industries. TV critics get advanced screeners of new season (first few episodes), film critics sometimes get free previews.  




 Yeah once you have a finished book with an agent, finding publisher can take 3-6 months, doing contracts can take another couple, then 1-2 years from signing a contract till the book comes out is standard. It's all slow.  




 1-2 years from sell date is standard. 

But, yes, if George R. R. Martin turns in book 6 tomorrow his press can probably get that into bookstores in 4-6 months.  




 Advance Review Copies. cheaply made books given out to reviewers and booksellers before the real book comes out. (It's how books get reviewed before publication date) 














 Agreed. There are more fantastic books by women than one can read. There are more fantastic books by hispanic authors than one can read in a lifetime. Ditto black, asian, whatever. 

So reading diversely doesn't mean just picking books based on checklists and not interest. It just means looking for your interests among a diverse group of writers.  




 Well, unless he dies, Martin is definitely giving us an ending. It's just taking longer than he expected. 

I understand why you'd be frustrated. But speaking as a writer more than a reader, I think you are wrong to assume he doesn't care about finishing. I bet he is extremely nervous about fucking up the ending. This is his grand legacy after all. He is being careful.  




 True. The King equivalent is the Dark Tower series, and he took a loooooong time to finish that.  




 Hmm maybe: 

* The Martian Chronicles - Ray Bradbury

* Dune - Frank Herbert

* Cosmicomics - Italo Calvino

* The Lathe of Heaven - Ursula K. Le Guin

* The Island of Doctor Death - Gene Wolfe 




 It's more of a difference in reader reaction. Which I guess is to say, I disagree with you. There's a way lower bar for people to enjoy something if it's already familiar. This isn't unique to fan fiction. Look at all the superhero films that are mostly only okay at best, but which rake in billions because the names are familiar. 

99% of the time, people are way more interested in a mediocre James Bond reboot or the 10th version of Sherlock Holmes than they are in original characters. 

Sure, writing great scenes and sentences is just as hard if you use Harry Potter or your own characters, but readers will forgive your weak writing more if they already know the characters or the "brand"  









 Ah, since there are only 5 books I thought you meant the first three with "earlier" books.  



















 Why do you think Martin doesn't feel like he has to finish? It seems like he feels he has to finish it RIGHT and thus is taking a long time.  




 This may be true, but honestly, fantasy is way too reliant on massive decades spanning series. If ASOIAF means that people start putting out self-contained novels again, that would be a good thing.  




  It doesn't take that long to write a novel, even a big one.

Says who? Some authors write really fast, some write really slow. There's no lenght of time it takes to write a novel! It entirely depends on the specific novel and the specific author and their specific life circumstance. 

Plenty of famous authors have taken a decade or more to write a follow-up book!

Stephen King is famous for being the EXCEPTION who writes way faster than normal. Also, even King fans--of which I count myself--seem to agree many of his books feel rushed with bad endings, so hoping martin rushes out a King like book with a bad ending might not be a great suggestion! 

ETA: Also, King is a good counter to the OP's argument that because Martin is famous he must not give a shit about writing more books. King still pumps out books. Rowling still pumps out books. Being super famous doesn't make you stop being a writer.  




   If I were a conspiritard, I might suggest the lengthy wait between earlier books was a calculated move to generate more hype

Erm? The first three books only had 2 year waits between them. I'd hardly call that lenghty! That's actually a really short period of time for such massive books. 

I know that in the current self-publishing put out 3 books a year ebook mindset, 2 years might seem long, but before the launch of the Kindle only a handful of authors put out more than a book every other year.  









 I don't think people are saying Mad Men the show is sexist, but that Don Draper the character is 



















 Everyone's said Lovecraft, King, and Poe so I'll say: 

Ambrose Bierce
Shirley Jackson
Bram Stoker 




 Hmm, well can't say I agree with you. Many of my books favorite books in genres like SF (The Martian Chronicles, the stories of Gene Wolfe, etc.) mystery (Sherlock Holmes), and certainly literary fiction (Borges, Calvino, Raymond Carver, Flannery O'Connor) are story collections. To each their own I guess. 














 What do you mean useful? Not snarking, just not sure what you mean. SF, mystery, ... most genres have a long tradition of short stories. I mean, basically all "genre" fiction got started in the pulp magazines that ran stories. 

But stories don't really sell well in any genre today.  




  In reality, being bothered about or interested in something enough to cultivate the appropriate qualities more than the next guy is what makes the difference.

Here's where I disagree with you. Yes, if there are 20 people in a creative writing class and only 2 REALLY care and they are the only 2 really putting the work in, chances are those will be the only 2 who get published down the road... even if there are 5 other people in class with more talent but who don't put in the effort. 

Sure. 

But we aren't talking about 20 people. 

There are like 400 MFA programs pumping out 4,000 people a year. There are hundreds of thousands of people who spend a lot of their time trying to be writers. (Over 1 million books are published each year, mostly through self-publishing.) 

So of those 500k, or however many it is, who are all caring and trying, what separates them? At that point, what separates the good from the bad is talent. Think about Jordan again. Yes, if he was lazy and never practiced he wouldn't have been great. But there were tons of players practicing just as much as him. The reason he was better than them was in large part talent. Work can only get you so far if you don't have it. 

 Many people have the qualities of greatness but don't get the breaks.

I do agree with you there 




 I'm sure they do, although it varies widely. Some programs are very genre friend, others aren't. Some have experimental writers as teachers, others don't. Etc. 

I do think the MFA world focuses heavily on short stories over novels though. I bet you can measure a increase in short story writing in the last two years. Doesn't seem to translate to readers though! 




 Why do you think that creativity or other mental activities don't also have genetics play a role? Genetics play a role in EVERYTHING. 

Note that after Jordan I mentioned Fischer. Chess is a mental activity. Yet, since chess is pretty objective (you win or you lose, and the ELO rankings can compare you to others) we know that Fischer was better as a 16 year old at this mental activity than people who study chess for decades can ever get. 
 




 Well the other thing is that most people don't really brag about their MFAs. Like unless you went to Iowa or Columbia or something, once you have publications under your belt you don't need to list an mFA on your bio. Point being, most people don't know who is or isn't an outlier here.  




  If you didn't decide to take writing seriously by the time you were a teenager, you're probably not going to make it.

True, maybe "take writing seriously" means take literature seriously even if you don't write. Still, I dunno. Teens don't take all that much seriously.  




 Maybe, or maybe the opposite is happening because when everyone and their mother has an MFA it doesn't mean much 




 I don't know Sevcik or Bindounot, but in the part I quoted he hyperlinked to Boudinot saying it. Hyperlink got lost in copy and paste 




 Yeah, FTA: 

 He unexpectedly listed me as one of his favorite Pacific Northwest writers in a subsequent interview, a flattering but dubious honor because it was couched in disparaging comments about cohorts and colleagues whom I love, respect, and admire. It put me in an awkward position with a lot of friends who were offended by his remarks, and left a whole bunch of people wondering what an unknown like me was doing next to names like Rebecca Brown, Maria Semple, Tom Robbins, Neal Stephenson, and Raymond Carver (I'm touched to be mentioned in such good company, but I definitely don't deserve it). 




 Well, I think you are confusing the MFA being a "requirement" to write fiction with the MFA being helpful to many people. Good MFA programs give you money to spend a few years writing. So, it isn't a surprise to me that many young writers do one at some point. That doesn't mean that the industry requires it for publishing, just that many writers are attracted to doing one. 

 Maybe publishers wanting quality work assume their best bets can come from people who have that training? I really don't like this idea, but I can see why a company that publishes books might start doing that.

As an unpublished writer, an MFA can help a little. But I promise you that agents and editors care far more about your track record than any school. Being an Iowa grad with no publications is way worse than being a college drop-out with dozens of stories in good magazines.  




 Some scattered opinions on the whole thing: 

- MFAs if they are good or are funded can be great for writers. MFAs that cost a lot of money and don't have talented teachers and students are a big ripoff. 

- Focusing on MFAs for being a ripoff is dumb. There are degree mills and ripoff programs for every major and field of study. Higher education in general is way too expensive in America. 

- Talent exists. It exists in sports, math, business, writing, and everything else. You can try to deny it, but many people waste years trying to be good at something they just aren't ever going to be able to do well. 

- Boudinot's original article really wasn't offensive at all except the tasteless line about child abuse. 

- That said, Boudinot made some dumb claims, such as that you can only be a good writer if you started writing seriously as a teenager. I'm positive the majority of professional writers didn't start "seriously" writing until college or later. 

- It is absurd that people on the internet are trying to get Boudinot fired from his non-teaching job because he said some "mean" things about former students. 
 




  First of all, the talent vs. hard work thing is rubbish. Talent is hard work in disguise.

Do people really believe this? 

Sorry, but no amount of "hard work" would have made me as good a basketball player as Michael Jordan. No amount of "hard work" would have made me as good at chess as Bobby Fischer. No amount of "hard work" would have made me a great singer (I'm fairly tone deaf)

Hard work matters a lot, but people DO have natural abilities that hard work can bring out. Not all of us can be great at everything. Most of us can be great at SOME things if we do hard work, but talent exists.  




 Well, Boudinot did list Sevcik as one of his favorite Seattle writers ever, so it doesn't seem like a stretch 









  most MFA programs are a waste of time.

Well most MFA programs give stipends to writers. Getting paid to take a few classes and write is not a "waste of time" in my book!

 The vast majority of the working novelists with whom I associate at conferences got their start through the slushpiles at various literary agencies, and have no MFAs listed on their curricula vitae.

Well, guess that depends on your genre. The vast majority of working writers in "literary" or "mainstream" fiction either have an MFA or teach in a program. Not saying that's good or bad though.  




 Yes this is an awful precedence. It wasn't even that they sampled it without authorization, but just that hte songs "feel" similar even though they aren't the same.  




 http://www.nybooks.com/books/wintersale/

Since NYRB Classics is one of the best presses out there--publishing essential classics form around the world--thought some /r/books readers would like to know the sale ends soon.  




 It was talked about on here, but here is the link http://www.thestranger.com/books/features/2015/02/27/21792750/things-i-can-say-about-mfa-writing-programs-now-that-i-no-longer-teach-in-one 









 True, 48 is like the middle of a writer's career 




 That's one of my favorite books ever! However, she was in her late 50s when she died right?  




 Breece DJ Pancake!

(that's really his name) 



















 It's definitely not action packed 


































 heh, no agenda except it's a topic that interests me! (Maybe discussing the topic is an agenda though) 




 Le Guin was a runner-up herself in the 90s 









 He is bloated, but that's part of his charm 




 Well, my understanding is that that DFW taught english composition mostly. The rules for academic comp papers are very different than for short stories in literary magazines, you know?  




 McCarthy won for The Road, and he was a western writer who wrote a post-apocalyptic novel.  









 Well there are some people who say you shouldn't read him and that he should be, while not government censored, banned from the literatary discussion.  









 Have you read his other fiction? Because his story collections, especially the first two, probably have my favorite fiction by him.  




  Even by the time he was writing his first two novels, Wallace had already started doing what he did best: accumulate bad habits

Sorry, but I find this review laughable. What he calls "bad habits" are what makes DFW unique! So many people want all writing to be cookie-cutter and indistinguishable. The same complaints this guy is making about DFW are ones I've seen made about Proust, Faulkner, and a million others. 

But, well, guess what? Faulkner, Proust, and DFW are massively popular, highly-acclaimed writers whose unique works will continue to be read for a long time. 

If some teacher had "fixed" DFW we'd never know who he was.  




  I think that some works can belong both at the same time.

Yes! Totally. Hacky boring works of MFA students getting called "literary" but denying that label to boundary pushing and beautifully written works by someone like LeGuin makes little sense.  




 one of my favorite essays 












































 Right? Such a depressing idea 



















  The claim that his work can 'destigmatize' fantasy and SF, 

To clarify here, Ishiguro did NOT say this. It was David Mitchell who said he hoped Ishiguro's book would help further destigmatize fantasy.  




 Oh boy, I don't want to open that can of worms. But, blurbs are not reviews. There is no pretense that blurbs are "objective" opinions from netural parties.  
























