




































































































































































































































































































































 
The Winter Finale is here! The Dreaded Sandwich Maker! Easiest Cellphone Disarm in History! I'm starting to feel genuine sympathy for Mr. Hollingsworth - it keeps raining bricks on him. 

1. Aside from the domestic violence, who's more right - Miles or Mr. Hollingsworth - when it comes to how important being elected mayor is? 
2. Is Eli actually unstable and unreliable? 
3. Is Miles just as messed up as his father?
4. Could Becky just walk onto the team and do the routine like that? 
5. Is miles being the "Arsonist" another unneeded twist?
6. Is Frankie right about how the girls will abandon Zoe after powercheer is over? 
7. Eli and Clare return: is it all-clear or a disaster in the making? 

And a bonus question: what'd ya'll think of Season 14 so far?  




 Hidden ICarly Reference!!!! Dream Sequence! I'm starting to feel like the most beleagured character on degrassi is actually Mr. Hollingsworth. 

1. On a scale of 1-10 how ironic is it that Degrassi has a teen character try to tell an older character how to appeal to teenagers?
2. Why is Zig not in trouble for not wearing a shirt in school?
3. Is it awesome that they made a reference to the original degrassi? 
4. Winston as blackmailer: plausible or WTF?
5. Is Zig amazing for standing up for Zoe against the rival cheer captain? 
6. Is Zoe right that she has more to lose than Frankie?
7. Should Frankie want to make Zoe pay? 

Author's note: I apologize for the lateness, technical problems.  









 
I'd first like to say that though i bitch about triles, it's refreshing to see a tv show that treats a gay relationship just like every other relationship on the show. 

An episode full of pain and suffering for everyone.

1. Is Tristan a sucker for going back to Miles after how Miles has treated him?
2. Zig: Should Zoe get with him?
3. What's more unlikely: That Alli would blow Clare's secret, or that there'd only be one girl Alli knew who was pregnant in highschool?
4. Is the Zoe-Hunter storyline a commentary on the ineffective nature of harsh interrogation techniques? 
5. Is it wrong of Alli to use having or not having sex as a punishment against Dallas?
6. Is Zoe the villain of this story arc? 
7. Why would the principal assume that Zoe was behind degrassi nudes, instead of it being a specious accusation or being done without her knowledge by the other cheerleaders? 









 Least favorite character in degrassi history: Grandma Baker. Mini-Morning Cakes: Best name ever for Muffins! Becky: Standing up for herself in public! 

A little bit of a surprise for Clare. 

1. Why did it take this long for someone who would report degrassi nudes to find out about degrassi nudes? 
2. Does this episode totally nuke the blackmail plot? 
3. Why was imogen not at all punished for carrying around and displaying child pornography in a school? 
4. Will there ever be a problem that Maya and/or Miles does not make worse through their own poor choices?
5. Is Imogen right about jack cheating? 
6. Is "Clare is living proof!" the best burn of the year?
7. What will Clare Do? 

All told a pretty good episode, lots of action.  









 The return of singing to degrassi! Degrassi continues to be totally predictable like a comforting old friend! Miles is amazing looking in uniform! Miles crushing Tristan's heart! Jonah is bigger than he looks (he's Drew-sized!)

1. Why does the cheer squad think that finding the blackmailer will prevent them from continuing?
2. Is Drew's jealousy justified? 
3. Why do they continue to use grace as super-hacker (that's not even how cell tower triangulation WORKS!) instead of just writing sensibly? All answers accepted.
4. Is Lola adorable or annoying when she talks?
5. Is Miles' problem pot or that his friends are crazy enough to throw an intervention for pot? 
6. Did Miles make the right choice to leave the accident scene? 
7. Since hunter is (evidently) not the blackmailer, who is? 

The thing with Grace literally upset me. It's gotten to the point now where it's damaging the show's reputation; what is it, some kind of half-assed teenaged CSI?  




 Best line of the season: "Our cupcakes are very good, sir!" 

1. Is this the first blackmail plot in degrassi history? 
2. Is it good to see Alli and Dallas again, or is it still to soon? 
3. Is Tristan a bad influence on Miles?
4. Does Miles having an actual problem dilute the meaning of Maya's storyline?
5. Is Dallas right to question Alli's commitment to him in light of her not being willing to have sex with him? 
6. Is Miles smoking marijuana, or a magical drug that turns you into an asshole? 
7. What should the Power Cheer Squad Do? 

Kind of a mixed bag of an episode. I found the Alli-Dallas plot a little to pat and a little to perfect. Loved the power cheer arc though - Very Excited for next week's episode!  









 Eli pouring something god-forsaked and green into a glass at the Dot! Lots of computer intrusion! Laptop abuse!

1. Does maya need serious psychiatric help?
2. Is it surprising frankie would be this moral and upstanding?
3. Is Hunter right to be upset that no one defended his sister on the team?
4. is imogen's inability to handle polyamory directly related to her inability to notice 10 other people standing in a small room with her?
5. Does anyone else find it incredibly immersion breaking every time they "hack" a computer?
6. Jack and Imogen: best couple on the show or best couple anywhere?
7. Is it refreshing that Hunter (the seeming psycho) is a nice guy, while Maya (the cute girl) is a raving psycho?

All told a really fun episode! I am glad they at least touched on polyamory, if they backed away from it in the end. Look forward to hearing what you all think. 

edit: as an aside "in four colors!" is a comic book reference. 









 A totally new set, complete with shiny orange jumpsuits! Yay! Spinner! Yay! 

1. Should Becky go see Luke in jail?
2. Why and how does Tristan know so much about Clare and Eli's relationship? 
3. Why is Eli doing a total change of heart from literally the last episode?
4. Has Zoey's descent into madness hit rock bottom, or will it get worse?
5. When did Eli get a fresh pint of guts poured down his throat? 
6. Is Becky right to blame Luke for her life's current problems? 
7. What do we think of the new guy with the awful haircut?

Author's note: sorry for the late deployment time. I had a heck of a time finding the episode tonight. All's well that ends well. 




 Just didn't want anyone to think i'd abandoned ya'll tonight.

Edit: and, quiz is up!  




 I'm Dethb0y.

I'm not really fit for the picture frame.


I post and read, mostly. I mean, not a lot or anything, but some. I enjoy the news subs especially, and some of the more specialized smaller subs about military stuff. Just recently joined /r/books to see what it's like.

I want to keep on as I've been keeping on.

Video games, military stuff, programming, writing, there's a huge list of stuff i'm into. I like to stay very very busy! 

Glad to see this sub is here, as i figure'd i'd give my somewhat belayed introduction to reddit! I hope the sub gets really big and full of interesting people and things! 




 The Return of Eli! A new teacher! An ugly shirt! Canadian food almost no ameican teenager would know! Eli finally says something we wish he would have said 2 seasons ago so we could have more focus on something beyond Eclare! Yayyy! 

1. Is Eli's return a positive or negative for the show? 
2. Would Zig have won the arm-wrestling competition had Tiny not distracted him?
3. Did the writers use Clare and Drew's parents to voice the questions and concerns brought up by the fandom? 
4. Is Winston right to be upset at Tristan and Miles? 
5. Is Clare delusional to think that things haven't changed? 
6. Should Eli be mad at Clare about this situation? 
7. Will Eli and Clare end up together forever, or is Clare's famous Plan shot to hell and dead forever?

Author's note: seen the whole episode now. 




 Frankie's eyes bother me; don't know why, they just do. Lola wears the best shoes! A Cam (dead kid) reference AND a dream sequence!!! Rollerderby.

Every time grace talks about computers my inner dev writhes in agony. "Sure, let me do a few weeks worth of development time in a few hours, no problem. "

1. Which is worse: making homobphobic jokes, or assuming miles is just "going through a stage"?
2. Zoey: sliding into madness, or already a legitimate lunatic?
3. Has any writer on the show ever actually used an online dating srevice?
4. When did this show completely go off the rails to the point where it has a legitimate plot about the creation of a for-profit child porn distribution service?
5. Is the rubber room teacher the best teacher at degrassi?
6. Is Miles justified in being upset at Maya developing OCD about his safety and well-being? 
7. The return of drew and becky: Best thing ever, or disaster in waiting? 

I can't even. 




 Miles making a horrible choice! The return of Grace, speaking truth as always! "Like I Care" should be the Maya catchphrase of the season. Becky whipping out the interrogation techniques! Maya looking like someone's twisting a knife in her at seeing people experience joy!

Usually i struggle to come up with seven good questions, this time i struggled to come up with only seven.

1. Who will long-term win the Machiavellian game between Miles and his father?
2. Why is no one freaking out at Zig getting naked pictures of 9th grade girls?
3. Is Drew making the right choice to be involved? 
4. Has Zoe truly put the baggage of the past behind her, or is she merely putting up a strong front?
5. Mike Dallas: Best Teen-Dad or overly judgemental? 
6. Should Becky have stood by drew, or is how she's acting totally reasonable considering?
7. Are Zoe and Zig truly done, or will it be resurrected? 

I look forward to hearing what you all think, and towards the next episode!  









 An action-packed setup for the rest of the season. I look forward to all your thoughts on it - i've missed you guys!

1. Drew and Becky: Cutest Couple, or Nauseatingly Cute?
2. How's Clare handling the pregnancy?
3. Why is the school taking donations to fix storm damage? 
4. Is what Zoe did right?
5. Is it an awful idea for them to claim condoms are ineffective?
6. Finally a storyline where someone's gay and their family doesn't approve - is it long past time for it?
7. What does everyone think of the premier!?  














 Badger was kidding. Please return. We miss you. 





































































 *Another* school dance! No graduation this season! Trees falling! A canadian learns about the american healthcare system! There's rain which apparenty 

fills canadians with fear! I get my Drew-Becky together time! Clare-Eli is on lifesupport!

Author's note: I really honestly didn't know what to even do for this quiz. the whole damn episode was 100% serious, and i'm not a 100% serious kind of 

guy. I fully expect that there'll be stuff i can't cover in 7 questions that people will want to talk about, so consider this a free-for-all.

1. is anyone surprised there's no graduation at the end of this season? 

2. Is drew a tragic or heroic figure?

3. Is tristan's affection creepy and overly intense? 

4. Who should Zig go after, Maya or Zoe? 

5. Should everyone who gets to know Miles run for the hills? 

6. Is Eli the ultimate chess-master?

7. What should clare do about her condition? 

I still want to know if that is tristan's natural hair color or if he's the most dedicated hair-dyer in history. 
 









 Zig Novac: dealer with a heart of gold. A brief mention of the other guy who molested zoe! Becky's family is the worst on earth! Zoe is avenged! Blatant disregard for legal procedure!

1. Was it disappointing that becky and drew got found so fast? 

2. Is it surprising that Zoe got thrown off West Drive for drug abuse?

3. Is Miles the most selfish person in the entire trial for wanting his friend to pejure themselves for the sake of his relationship? 

4. Is the anti-drug PSA with zoe somewhat degraded by the fact that she makes drugs look like a lot of fun?

5. Has there ever been anyone on degrassi more deserving of getting smacked down then that reporter? 

6. Is it right of Maya to flip out over the thing with Zoe and Miles?

7. How many times will someone give Zig money to escape the gang? 

So what does everyone think about the Zoe assault storyline? Eager to hear your thoughts! 




 Disclaimer: I *loathe* court room drama. That has colored my view of this episode pretty heavily. A rare degrassi dream sequence though! 

1. Does Zig have a phobia of phones or of the name Vince?

2. Why doesn't simpson have the reporters removed from the school before Zoey sees them? 

3. Is it a thing in canada to have a class on orienteering? 

4. Is court room drama the most boring drama?

5. Is the gang member intimidating, or not very scary?

6. What kind of class lets 2 students be 3 hours overdue on their first orienteering trip and not send out a rescue party?

7. Is this the start of Drew-becky?  




 
The return of Mr. Simpson! Imogen: reminding us she's insane. Becky: taking a leadership role! 

1. Is imogen right to adjust the designs of her fashions, or should she stick with what she thinks is best?

2. Is this mr. Yates first time with forbidden love?

3. Is Tristan the single worst person to have an illicit affair with in all Degrassi?

4. Why does degrassi have what looks like a full-scale back stage and dozens of people doing makeup and hair?

5. Is it wrong of becky to make winston work around someone he mentioned he was uncomfortable around?

6. Is imogen a hero for saving us from seeing Tristan do his song and dance routine again?

7. Was the fashion show the stupidest extra-curricular, or merely it's most over-priced?

Author's note: I just found out a friend of mine passed away so i might be slow on the responses for a few days. Please don't take it personally if that's the case. Stay safe out there. 









 fair warning: the episode kept skipping around for me, so if i missed something awesome, apologies. Also, is that Tristan's real hair color or does he dye it?

1. Tristan's song at the beginning of the episode: Awesome or Cringe-worthy?

2. Would the tristan/teacher storyline be different if it was a female student?

3. Is it ever appropriate for a highschool teacher to give a highschool student hard liquor? Be creative!

4. Is pot a problem, or just something people do? 

5. What should Tristan do in an ideal sense?

6. Was the Imogen/Jack storyline put in to directly contrast the Tristan/Teacher storyline?

7. Is becky a buzz kill or does she have a point?

I look forward to hearing what all of you think!  









 In this episode: Twist ending! Becky being stereotypical Highschool Girl! Drew single-handedly creating the Drallas ship! Mr. Hollingsworth finally swimming in his own pool! 

1. Is it surprising that zig was in the gang dealing drugs *before* he got kicked out on the street?

2. Grace: are her lines awesome or merely amazing?

3. Is it worse meeting a younger guy online, or getting your arm broken by some dude you met in paris who then moved to canada to be with you? 

4. Is drew's suddenly acting with sense satisfying, or unlikely?

5. Would the situation with becky be different if the genders were switched? (ie, if some guy went and stalked a girl he met on an online game)

6. Will Double D be the new meeting place for degrassi people post senior year?

7. Is becky's mother deluded or actually evil? 

I look forward to hearing what you all think. 




 They should have named this episode Some variation of "Awkward". It was full of (sometimes painfully) awkward moments. And a rare Jenna-Connor appearance! And Hollingsworth's wife saying "aboot". 

Personal note: the video game sequences made me want to tear out my eyes. Repeatedly. 


1. Is Dallas a wise man for avoiding the drama, or should he support Drew more? 

2. Has Imogen's parents both being very intelligent and forward-thinking tainted her view of all parents to make her think they'll be as reasonable?

3. Do most people think drew is stupid or just really unlucky, or some kind of combination of both? 

4. Should Becky be more understanding of her brother's situation and at least try to see it from his side?

5. Did they literally invent the most generic computer game and gamers in history for this episode?

6. Does Drew look different when he works at Mr. Hollingsworth or is it just me?

7. Has Zig's storyline gone from compelling to incredibly boring? 




 Kind of a mixed bag to me. I didn't like that Tiny turned out to be a Nice Guy; i didn't like that everything got tied up so neatly. Some fun moments, though, to be sure.

1. Has anyone ever mentioned that Zig's family is from Serbia before!? 

2. Tristan: Speaking good sense about telling miles, or hopelessly idealistic?

3. Art show idea: Pretty cool or chance for writers to be stupid?

4. Is the zig storyline resolved annoyingly quickly?

5. Is it the single most hypocritical thing ever on degrassi for Alli to lecture anyone on boys? 

6. Is it awesome when the writers break the 4th wall by using fandom names for pairings, or is it merely amazing?

7. Why is a song about how much you hate someone grounds for suspension, but throwing an axe at someone's picture merely cathartic?  




 And we're back! I absolutely adore the shirt grace is wearing in the first scene. They actually admit what season it is (Spring time). Tristan may be a redditor - he wears a fedora?

1. Does degrassi have far to many extracurricular clubs for it's student population?

2. Is springtime in Toronto nice enough to go swimming in a lake - bear in mind, they say that spring just started?

3. Is Maya the most absolutely hopelessly naive character currently on the show?

4. Why is Zig so bad at insulting people? 

5. Is tristan's line ("Oh my Ganja") the best line of the entire premier? 

6. Is Chewy the worst kind of geeky guy?

7. Is it incredibly relieving to have someone who actually says "guys suck" to one of the people who needs that message most?

All told, a really good start to the season! I look forward to the next episode, and what you all think of this one.

It's good to be back.  



















 The winter finale, in which i learned that Canada has Dairy Queen. 

1. Who looked more adorable in western garb: Clare or Drew?

2. Was it surprising that a school like degrassi would allow kids to bring toy guns to school?

3. How awesome is it they mention Cam, even if not by name!? 

4. How did eli know where to find Clare and Drew?

5. Is zig so stupid that he'd not notice that a revolver (With exposed chambers) has no bullets in it? 

6. Clare and Eli: Is it over, or will Eli lure her back with his epic love?

7. Maya and Zig: Hooking up or staying friends? 

I can't wait to hear all your thoughts on the winter finale of degrassi!  




 A rare eli sighting! Some very meta stuff, like Team miles, and Zoe acting like an actress! References to things that happened a few episodes ago! Good stuff.

1. How did mile's present get on Maya's table? Did he sneak in or what?

2. Is Maya making the worst relationship decisions since Alli?

3. Is tristan's plan to exploit Zoe's tragedy fundamentally sound, or morally bankrupt? 

4. Zoe's audition: Genuinely upsetting or cheesy?

5. Rat: deus ex machina, or accurate representation of teenage girls and rats?

6. The Clare-Eli breakup: Will Eli show up to win Clare back, Again?

7. Does miles have a point about Zig and Maya, or is he just being unreasonably jealous? 




 The trophy scene at the end? Must have been from wisconsin, because it was Pure 

Cheese. 

1. How inconsiderate does someone have to be to not even contact their lab partner about not being able to make to the science fair? 

2. How awesome is it that Mr. Bhandari remembers events that otherwise would never get mentioned? Props to him for having a memory, unlike everyone else on the show.

3. Tristan: being lured by a cunning predator, or is the teacher the victim of innocent love? 

4. Is dallas right that the judge was a racist, or is he merely an officious little bureaucrat? 

5. Was the weird camera thing during the drew-clare exchange effective or just jarring? 

6. Is Mr. Bhandari the best adult in the entire series in terms of actually being an adult? 

7. What's everyone's thoughts on the end of the racism story arc? Began and ended in 2 episodes!  




 Not only a mention of Simpson being connor's guardian, but tackling a race problem and a bombing! Quite an episode.

1. Drew and Clare: Adorable partners or practically already dating?

2. Tristan: Good to finally see some of his family life, or pointless drama.

3. New Teacher: Going to make the move on tristan?

4. The racial issue: well handled, or ham-handed?

5. Writers Collective: Great tool for learning, or rubber room for hippies?

6. Who will win the science fair: Alli, Connor, or Other?

7. Is Clare's "little crush" on drew not so little? 




 Tristan and Zoe made me genuinely lol. The reference to a "horse drawn carriage" is pretty amusing, to - because is that not JUST what eli did? Zig is serious romantic competition for anyone on the show. That last scene was pretty amazing.

1. Was Maya wrong to not tell Miles about Zig moving in with her before it happened?

2. Becky: did she get the best possible resolution to her situation?

3. Zig: Still in love, or just pissed that someone has maya and he doesn't?

4. Grace and Tristan: the start of a beautiful friendship? 

5. Imogen: To nice and understanding to be real?

6. Jenna: why is she always getting into public humiliation predicaments?

7. Did Miles hammer a nail into his own coffin by narcing out Zig?

As always i look forward to your comments, thoughts, and answers!  




 Really, this is one of my most favorite episodes this season. I loved beckys ring in the dinner scene.

1. What is a "sweetheart semiformal", and most importantly: When in the year does it take place?

2. Why does the school not take the theft of Maya's laptop seriously?

3. Is the Imogen and Becky situation wierd or amazing?

4. Is Maya's concern for Zig altruism or being attracted to him?  

5. Does Jenna deserve someone as awesome as Connor?

6. Is Zig moving in good for Maya, or the end of her and Miles?

7. Will Jenna and Connor win King and Queen of the Sweetheart SemiFormal? 

I look forward to hearing all your great responses, and am looking forward to next week's episode! 




 Extra Long episode!!!!!!! Will maintain at 7 questions though, because Tradition. This episode had several "special" features - including "camera vision" and zoe having flashbacks. Kind of wierd, not sure i liked that. Also the copy i watched (on teen nick) had some annoying skips, so, if i missed some massive plot point: that's why. 

1. Why are there so many rarely seen people in this episode? First mile's sister's twin brother, and Becky's brother!? And that random girl that showed up for dance practice with Zoe and Mile's Sister? Zig and Grace? 

2. When did Imogen become the voice of moderation and reason, concerned with rocking the boat?

3. Was the overall message of the episode well-managed? 

4. Does this episode fall into the "communication trap" - where the problems would all go away if people just meaningfully communicated with each other, without fear or prejudice?

5. Who the hell is the short-haired judge at the sing off? 

6. Is Miles a sociopath or merely an idiot?

7. Is it a total cop-out to have a throw away character be the guy ~~who shot Mr. burns~~ assaulted Zoe?

All told i really liked this episode and think it was pretty well done and entertaining! Look forward to hearing what all of you think :) 




 Drunk!Zoe may be the single hammiest acting i have seen in recent years. Maya's "You care about your father, or you wouldn't spend all your time trying to upset him" is the most cutting thing i have heard someone say on the show in a while. 

1. Is this the first ever degrassi dream sequence? 

2. Would drew be so easily misled, or teen drama bullshit?

3. Why does rocky have his own cellphone?

4. Maya: reasonable voice of wisdom, or miserable party-pooper? 

5. Leo-Dallas: Perfect, or Unsatisfying?

6. What does everyone think of the continuing slow slouch towards Claire-Drew?

7. Is this the end of mile's turmoil, or is there more to come? 









 Is this the episode where they remind us they have people like Connor and Winston still on staff? And let's not forget little Rocky! I'm a little baffled what time of year it is on Degrassi.

Also, Mrs. Hollingsworth's necklace during the confrontation scene was amazing.

I gotta say, i genuinely liked this episode and really enjoyed it. The beginnings of Clew, some great Alli-Dallas moments, and all the Miles drama. Episode was even uploaded to teennick in a hurry. 

I can't help but feel this may mark the second episode of a return to a more classic-feeling degrassi.

On with the quiz.

1. Should miles try harder to win over his father? Or should his father be more understanding of his son? After all, their family, regardless.

2. Maya: What happened to her new look? 

3. Mr. Hollingsworth's (not-quite-confirmed) affair: Shocking Scandal, or disappointingly mundane?

4. Alli: Finally making the right choices, or misisng out on a great opportunity?

5. Car changing scene: Touchingly romantic or Awkwardly Forced and contrived?

6. Miles: Will this make him cynical and jaded, or will he maintain his innocence a bit longer?

7. Dallas: is he about to go beat a frenchman named Leo?  




 In some ways, this episode feels like a throwback to old degrassi, especially the drew arc with the mother yelling at him. A rare glimpse of maturity. The underclass girls talking to Imogen made my head hurt.

1. Zoe: Overly clingy, or attentive, caring girlfriend?

2. Is Imogen (and the dress code situation) a commentary on modern activism?

3. Jenna: Worst friend ever, or merely emotionally disabled?

4. Drew: Biggest asshole on earth or merely stressed out highschool senior? 

5. Ali and Mike Dallas: best partners/friends ever, or start of another Alli Mistake?

6. Hollingsworth: Great boss, or ulterior motives?

7. Zoe: Will she and drew end up together in the sunset, or will she remain bitter? 




 Poker game was my favorite part of the season so far. Teennick continues to disappoint with technical problems. 

1. Drew's exchange with Zoe about Dallas being a good kisser: throw out to the fans or throw-away statement? 

2. Imogen braless in class: Is she that clueless, or fanservice?

3. Drew: Is it wise to threaten Miles with blackmail like that in his own home? Will it have repercussions?

4. Is it better to have fun building a volcano, or to stress yourself out doing research about cancer and organic food?

5. Drew: Is he in so far over his head he'll never see daylight, or getting his just desserts?

6. Imogen: Fighter for justice, or over-reacting nutbar?

7. Zoe-Drew: Is the age difference really that big a deal?

I really enjoyed this episode, and look forward to hearing what you all think about it. 









 What an amazing episode! We have Maya trying to fit in with people she's barely ever around, we have Grace with a speaking role, the beginnings of a (presumably) ill-fated Drew-Zoe hookup, and of course the token appearance by Tristan doing makeup. All told, not a bad episode at all.

I have to say as an aside that the previews for the season kind of ruin the zoe-drew thing for me. Maybe i'm just reading to much into it though. 

Anyway, on with the quiz-questionnaire!! 

1. Rubber room: Realistic or bizarre teen-drama trope? 

2. Maya's New Look: Awesome or awful? 

3. Is Maya's response to the rubber room a result of being in a stressful situation or the result of her wanting to win Zig back? 

4. Zoe: Is her hooking up with drew a power move, or does she genuinely like him, or both? 

5. Neck-Bruise: is it the next cuckoo-bananas? Can it please BE the next cuckoo-bananas?

6. Gun: Cruelest prank or funniest prank?

7. Rubber-room kids: Disturbingly harmless, or refreshingly naughty? 

I look forward to seeing your (always insightful and often witty) answers!  




 I had many technical difficulties tonight, thus the late quiz. All apologies!

So we have the Bandhari Beatdown! The Drew Shoot Down! The Return of Alli's Parents! The Worst birthday surprise in history! The deepest hole ever dug by lies! 

On with the quiz! 


1. Why did Alli's mother immediately abscond with the coffee, not even giving any to Alli? 

2. Why did they not do a scene of drew arguing for a live monkey mascot? It would have owned! 

3. Zigs Return: Awesome or Awful!? 

4. Maya: Has anger issues, or justifiably upset at her (hithero unprecedented) treatment by the school?

5. Leo: Was he actually trying to do the right thing, breaking up with Alli? Or was it just one more manipulation? 

6. Is it just me or is Jenna looking a little rough?

7. Wedding Day Beat-Down: Over the top or awesome drama?


So what'd we all think? A suitable return for Degrassi? I'm eager to hear your thoughts. 


































 Me and a friend just set up an Overload (Using the most recent version of Overload) server, and neither one of us have any items shown in NEI. The space where they go is there, but there's no items. Putting in a thing to search for doesn't turn up any items.

If i mouse over something and hit "u" it shows me the recipes it's used in, and the same goes for if i hit "r" (It'll show me the recipe, i mean). The NEI interface is all there, it just displays no items to the right hand side.

Is there any known fix for this? Is it even a known problem? Any help would be much appreciated.

Edit: evidently disabling galacticraft fixes the problem 




 Got a new puppy that screams all night in it's crate, so i've been getting no sleep, and almost forgot the quiz!!! So, here we are, the Fall Finale. 

1. Maya: Is tristan right about her and Zoe being essentially the same? Or is Maya in the right asking him to sabotage the performance?

2. Bianca: better or worse then Eli?

3. Drew: Is it wrong to exploit Adam's death to get Bianca to spend time around him? 

4. Bizarre Thanksgiving Dinner Skit: Funny or Strange?

5. Tristan: Peace-Maker or Hopelessly Naive?

6. Eclare: On life support, or Healthier than ever?

7. What do you think of the Fall Finale? 




 I feel a little bad for saying we don't know tristan all that well - this episode was all about him. Well, sort of. I mean we still know nothing of tristan or his family life or his dreams, but we know he likes to act, and they spent time re-affirming this. 


1. Is the switch from serious interpersonal issues to totally banal high school drama jarring or welcome?

2. Eli: is his transition from dedicated boyfriend to distracted college student realistic, or merely set up? 

3. Should tristan just own what people perceive him as (and play to his strengths), or should he continue to try and break type?

4. Winston: Why does he pick now to suddenly start interacting? The dudes' been barely there the entire season; suddenly he cares about things?

5. Is tristan legitimately short-sighted enough to think that being in a *performing group* is the sort of thing someone can keep secret from their best friend? 

6. Was the Eli-Clare scene poignant, or merely tragic?

7. Does drew not understand the meaning of the word negotiate? 




 A very maya-centric episode. Clares character continues spool down. Alli continues to make poor choices (or does she?). And a rare jenna sighting! 

On to the quiz!

1. The maya-being-bullied storyline: are they handling it well?

2. Miles assaulting maya's attacker: totally cool or implausible tv drama? Why were there no consequences for anyone for that?

3. Hacking Sequence: worst thing this season, or merely exceedingly corny?

4. Mike Dallas: what? he turned into an alcoholic because he was no longer playing hockey? Why was he no longer playing hockey?

5. Maya: Is she winning the war while losing battles?

6. Zoe: to evil to be real or all to real?

7. Alli: Where are her parents and guardians in her decison making process? It's like she lives alone in a box somewhere with no one to turn to for help or guidance. 




 Continuing the "season of drugs" we have mike dallas drinking and skipping school. And Leo's drunk on rage.

1. Refresh me: Has maya ever been seen singing or playing guitar before? Let alone talking about a music career!?!?

2. Couldn't clare and alli study for the SAT together? Isn't it the same test for both of them? Why does clare have to specifically tutor Alli?

3. Mike Dallas, captain of the sports team, is engaging in risky self-destructive behavior? Why? Since when? 

4. Does Leo have a legitimate point, here? I mean, sure he went to far, but isn't he basically right that Alli decided things for him, omitted important information, and then proceeded to take action on his behalf? 

5. Miles: can't stand to see anyone succeed, or has a point?

6. Leo finally snapped: Will Alli take him back? 

7. Is the bullying not Maya's fault?  




 Another week, another degrassi episode. Lots of plots got tied off this episode, although a few strings were left conveniently dangling...

1. Is this the season of drugs?

2. Why does becky think anyone knows why adam tried to get ahold of her? He left in the middle of the night in a stolen vehicle, after all.

3. Is the Clare chemo-brain story line interesting or boring? For that matter, is she as a character winding down and being kind of boring?

4. Tristan: stupid from love or merely desperate?

5. Has miles really forgiven tristan for what he did or is he just making nice?

6. Zoey calling Clare on lying: is it a low point in clare's life, or the lowest point?

7. Why did imogen change outfits in the middle of the day, at school? Will take all suggestions.  




 An episode with basically no plot progression, just ground-work laying. 

1. Imogen: glad to have her back and being her schizotypal self, or annoyingly cute!crazy? "Becky! So stealthy!"

2. Long-distance relationships, will it work for Clare and Eli? He looks like might have a distraction (the kind who throws inflatable balls and watches new wave cinema)

3. Articles about Zoe: would clare be better off telling the truth (that Zoe's an ego-manical, self-promoting liar) or telling a glamorous but untruthful story? What would old clare do? Would Zoe even do an interview if she knew how clare...was? 

4. What magazine editor gives a highschool kid less then a day to write an entire article with interview? Will the magazine ever be seen again?

5. Clare: Harmless side effect, or lethal illness return? 

6. Is Miles father actually abusive or does he merely have high expectations?

7. Is Zoe's character a direct reflection of the writers frustrations with various actresses on the show throughout the years, or is she merely a trope... or is she both?

Editor's note: It was a real pain to get this episode working; teen nick needs to seriously upgrade the way they deliver the episodes, because the current way is so unreliable. 




 Kind of a mixed bag, episode wise. We see Zoe at her worst, Drew at his (hopefully) lowest, Clare being Clare and Leo leading a dance revolution of a sort. 

On to our questions. 

1. Miles has a sister?!?!?

2. Why does clare get to wear the cute safety glasses?

3. Leo: Does he have a point, or does he deserve the hate?

4. Is drew seriously wandering around with a harem of young girls doing his dirty work?

5. Zoe: Literally turning drew into a whore for drugs. I cannot even think of a question here; it's just so messed up.

6. Becky: Hiding her pain, or has she forgotten adam entirely? 

7. Will Zoe's Faux-Friendship with Maya turn authentic due to Maya's charm? Will the sun rise tomorrow? 




 So that happened. Stuffed-Friia asked me to do this weeks' quiz and discussion, so here it is.

1. Leo: Biggest disaster, or biggest disaster ever?

2. Zoe: Secrets and instability; is she the new fiona?

3. Clare: Can't handle being shut down. Will she stand for it or give up? Where is Eli?

4. Alli: Worst decision maker, or worst decision maker ever?

5. Text Memorial Assembly: Cunning aversion of expected behavior, or are they just setting us up for a much bigger event later?

6. Why is degrassi's student council so large? The UN has smaller committees then them.

7. Drew: should he stop taking his medicine, or keep taking it for the action it's now caused in his life, including getting his dream beach party done and landing him a possible new tv-star girlfriend? 









 Long-time reader, first time poster. It's not that creepy - but it's creepy.

So, few weeks ago, i'm sitting in my house - it's like 9 am. My dogs start barking, and someone knocks at the door. I open the door, and it's this little dude - acne scarred face, thin, nasty looking. I say "What's up?" he says "Im really hungry, can i have some food? Just canned goods or something?"

He's really polite, i mean REALLY polite, and he also asks me to fill a 1-gallon jug with water. I give him two cans of beans and fill his jug and tell him to have a nice day, and even have kind of a positive vibe about the whole situation - helping those in need and what not. Even make an FB post.

So, about two hours later he's back: asks for something "other then beans" and if i have a smoke. Still feeling generous i tell him i got some Zatarans, and offer them to him. He kind of invites himself in, and *scavs through my girlfriends ashtray* while he's talking to me, still real friendly and polite.

He steals (I can think of no better word - he took without asking, and sort of commented he was taking them) some cigarette butts, i give him some zatarans and 3 cans of coke, and he leaves. I figure that's the *definite* end of it, and am a little miffed he just invited himself in. 

The third time, he just let himself in and said "hey are you busy?" before i could even get out of my chair. At this point, he tells me his friend stole his coke and could he have another, and apologizes for bothering me.

At this point, i'm nervous. Anyone who'll just blow into your house is a little off, and this guy's giving me the crazy vibe pretty strong. He's also totally not intimidated by me, which is unusual, and he's also acting like we're friends or something, which is even stranger.

So i give him a coke, tell him not to bother me again, and close the door behind him and lock it. I'm pretty well convinced if he walks into my house without me there he'll rob it just because he's so familiar with it.

Three days (of me locking my doors and living in paranoia) later, he shows up again. I tell him, exactly: "Fuck Off" when i open the door, and slam it in his face. 

A few hours later i'm outside and he walks by and sort of makes an apology to me for bothering me and then just keeps on walking.

It turns out (From  3rd party), he was the brother of a friend of my brothers. I hadn't seen him in so long that his new appearance (emaciated and sickly) was shocking, and he was, in fact, mentally unbalanced. 

Hopefully he leaves us alone now, but I'll still be locking my doors when i leave the house unattended.  




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































