









 [Escalated Quickly](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uh7tgX_Uaqs) 














 https://imgur.com/OJETX  




 I still love Lombardi's on Spring Street. 




 I really like your picture. Where's it taken from? 




 The benefit of these being your 1L grades is that you have 2 years to improve before you take the bar exam and start practicing. Your grades are not as terrible as I expected by reading your title but they are also not great. If you are not going to be able to raise them in the upcoming years I recommend getting involved in other activities at your school. Average grades can be offset by moot court participation, clinics, student organizations, etc. Also, depending on which activity or activities you choose, you may get real world experience that your peers won't have. 




 The video is better with the sound off. 




 I agree with you that cops are often dicks but generally for violations arrests you do not spend the night in jail but rather are given a Desk Appearance Ticket (DAT) and told to appear in court a month later. As RuleLawyer said passing drugs is considered sale in NY but marijuana is specifically excluded from the definition of a narcotic or a controlled substance. It is charged differently. Also having weed or any other drug in a baggie is not intent to sell in itself. Police can always find a way to cause people problems but this makes it more difficult for them. 




 There seems to be a lot of confusion here. As of right now if you are found with a small amount of marijuana not in public view it is only a violation. If it is in public view it is a B Misdemeanor. For those of you that think this won't effect the NYPD's policing behavior you may be right but what is important is that it will lessen the effects. For example cops often claim they saw marijuana in public view after they illegally searched someone and found it in their pockets. A common lie is that they saw it in the person's hand and then they put it in their pocket or they threw it on the ground. They also do this when they illegally search cars, the officer will say it was clearly visible in the center console. Now these lies will not benefit them because whether or not it was public view the charge will only be a violation. For those of you that do not know NY law, a violation is not a crime and is sealed from your record after 1 year. 




 He's more than a jerk. He filed false police reports when he faked his own kidnapping and said that transit police were the ones who kidnapped him. He created multiple fake crimes and events to gain publicity. He's a media whore. 




 You do not have a right to withheld convictions or even arrests that were sealed, expunged, dismissed, etc. Most states have an exception that allows the bar access to those cases. And probably the worse thing that can happen is that the bar finds you lied to them on an application for admission. That being said it is very unlikely that something as minor as this, especially considering the low punishment and the rest of your circumstances, will prevent you from going to law school or practicing law. 









 I sympathize with criminal defense attorneys but as a criminal defense attorney I have an obvious bias. 




 The best part of that is when you try to organize it for them and then you get a phone call about how they can't find anything and that you broke their computer. 
























 That's not a problem with the disorderly conduct law; that is a problem with the police illegally applying the law. They had no cause to arrest these people nor many others that they do the same thing to. Unfortunately, the NYPD will rarely ever punish them but any citizen that does suffer this unconstitutional treatment can sue the NYPD and the city. There is also the Civilian Complaint Review Board and the Internal Affairs Bureau (both of which are usually useless). I recommend suing as your best bet.

I'd like to say that I don't see abuses of power often but that would be a lie. Almost every day I am court I see some level of abuse of power. It can range from outright lying on the stand to searching someone without cause. And for the record there is no law against dancing per se. 




 Okay this is a little tough to explain. Everyone in the justice system knows that disorderly conduct is a completely bullshit law. These people's charges were dismissed and based on the info provided in the article probably by the prosecutor before they even saw the judge. Most of the time in NYC if you are charged with only disorderly conduct the charges will be dismissed or you can receive an ACD (adjournment in contemplation of dismissal). An ACD means that if you do not get in trouble again for 6 months the charges are dismissed and sealed. 

Disorderly conduct has been challenged multiple times as unconstitutional but the courts have consistently upheld its validity. It is written in such a way that it does not violate the first amendment, according to the courts. 

As a defense attorney I am not so sure I want this statute to disappear. The reason for that is because it is only considered a violation which is not a crime under NY law. Often times when prosecutors can't or won't dismiss a bad case they will offer the disorderly conduct plea even when disorderly conduct has nothing to do with the original charges. Or sometimes they offer it even in a good case if there is a reason they feel the defendant does not deserve the punishment he or she is possibly facing. This plea allows your client to avoid a criminal record and avoid risking losing at trial. Some defense attorney are a little too willing to have their clients take these pleas but I can definitely say that there are times it is overwhelmingly beneficial for my client to take it. 

Here is some other information about it: http://newyorkcitydefense.com/disorderly-conduct-new-york.html
and http://www.nytimes.com/2012/06/17/opinion/sunday/inside-the-warped-world-of-summons-court.html?smid=pl-share

I'd be happy to answer any questions I can about it.  




 It seems they were arrested for disorderly conduct, [New York Penal Law 240.20(5)](http://law.onecle.com/new-york/penal/PEN0240.20_240.20.html) . The NYPD does this all the time. The only difference here is that instead of young black or Hispanic males it was a middle aged white couple. 




 Well played sir. lol 




 [Technically Correct](http://i.qkme.me/35p5ss.jpg) . Sorry I can't help it; it's the lawyer in me. 




 There isn't a plaintiff in any criminal case. 




 Las Vegas? 




 There is [Pacer](http://www.pacer.gov/) but I am pretty sure that a case that old won't be on Pacer but you can request case information from the court [Document Retrieval](http://www.mad.uscourts.gov/caseinfo/records-search.htm)  




 He really lived up to the stereotype too: "Haines never returned to film and instead started a successful interior design business with his life partner and was supported by friends in Hollywood." 




 [Here](http://time-az.com/images/2007/07/20070705-MichelineBernardini01.jpg) 




 I am much more disturbed by the other two incidents than this one. This one seems to be set off by a non race related reason: "he was stopped by U.S. border patrol agents after residual radiation from a medical procedure hed recently undergone triggered an alarm at a checkpoint" 




 I'm not sure if you are joking but I don't think that's her in the picture. It looks like a mannequin. 




 [It might be a tumor](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BANkMaLJaY4) 




 Fun fact: The Tom's Diner Suzanne Vega named the song after is the same diner that Seinfeld used for the outside of Monk's Cafe. And it is actually called Tom's Restaurant. It's on the corner of 112th and Broadway. 









 The artist is [Julian Beever](http://www.julianbeever.net/) 





























