 i rather it not have multiplayer. 




 thats sweet i love Army of two 




 my grandfather bought a Playstation 2 at a yardsale and found this game. i use to play it so much that when i remembered it i looked it up. My friend owns a gamestore and found it, i bought it off of him for 7 dollars 




 I know right i love dominion  









 My boss did that in 3 months. I remember when he lost the one challenge like 25 times in a row he almost threw a controller at a customer 




 I know that feel i did it with a truck and my friend kept walking over my care and using it as a personal bridge.
What system are you playing on 














 I mean like a song that is not on a soundtrack. But i love 117 too. 




 Do you mind if i use this as my background i put it on and IT IS PERFECT. great drawing by the way you should do more or record yourself and post it. Id like to see what other stuff you can draw.  




 What song that is not a fan made song do you halo fans think fits halo 4 the best. I love halo but i just can't find the perfect song to listen to at the midnight release. Suggestions
7 MORE DAYS 




 The one thing i hate is that i went on the song Back in Black and the comments are spammed by cod fans. Saying people only know this song because of CoD. 




 thanks I was wondering why he already won a prize. 




 when i was a kid my brother really liked WWE. I watched it all the time with him. I first memory was of stone cold steve austin getting thrown off a bridge. I had a VHS tape about stone cold steve austin that i watched everyday. Good memories...WWE is the one way i will remember my great grandfather and grandfather. We would watch it every week together. 




 Im waiting to watch it because you get it on a dvd with the limited edition But u am really tempted to watch it. 









 Nice!!! 




 Great song 




 I think they should add so that if you kill a spartan while you're the flood, then the spartan will convert on the spot doing like an animation of pain and after a couple of seconds he'll be up and ready to infect some more. Of course the other survivors will be able to kill the spartan while he is in the transformation and stop him from turning. He will then get a medal and the infected will just respawn somewhere else. 




 I love Rage 




 Who got limited edition i think it's totally worth it 




 Its just not in its prime any more is what he is saying 




 Im on episode 168 of original series. I havent watched naruto for a long time so i wanted to start the original series first. Are the fillers worth watching i feel as if ill miss something 




 Do you have Xbox 




 i have money just need a game to hold me over till Halo 4 because i paid halo 4 off. I loved the first one but just wasn't sure if i wanted it. 




 Slayer is amazing my friends always make fun of me for all the slayer shirts i wear 




 SLAYER FUCK YEA 
























 Orion by Metallica 




 The cruelest dream, reality!!! 




 Brandon OD'd and died 




 He just plays guitar and smokes a lot of pot. 




 My first was Americana. Ixnay on the Hombre is the only album i don't have. But i listened to it and love it. 




 Im pretty sure Everybody thought of the offsrping.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrZ4sMRYimw 




 Instead she dropped out and had a couple of Kids. 




 It is a great game. I love it 




 I want the classic feel of playing it on SNES. 




 I think when it becomes summer i'll try yard sales. I don't trust Ebay and Amazon over prices stuff. Earthbound is $20,000 on their new.  




 Nope Wrestle mania 2000 




 It's fine i know way to much already because of my damn friend. 




 Spoiler...
sorry i just started watching Naruto again. I'm on episode 104. after i watched the entire original series. 




 I still don't understand how Naruto was still a genin. He beat Kiba and Neji in the Exams. Explain that to me if possible. 




 This is truly amazing. I love that Bungie would do that. 




 I actually do the same thing sometimes.  




 YES!! 




 I love most of the maps i wish they would add Grifball or at least make some of the game modes Permanent. 









 One of my favorite songs by them 




 these pictures are starting to become annoying 




 Im still debating if i should get dishonored or Hitman what do you think is better? 




 Banjo kazooie and conkers bad fur day if you can find those as well 




 yea sorry about that 




 yea sorry for that bad quility guys 




 it sucks they dont work on flat screen T.Vs 




 he would also need to find one of those damn expansion pack. I can never get a cheap one. 




 i never really played multiplayer i always played it singleplayer. 
























