 DAMN RIGHTWING WGBH shilling for the pipeline proponants 




 Its not really sexism, just human nature. There are plenty of guys that would hate a random dude who their SO mentioned was attractive. It's all rooted in insecurity. 




 Just laugh. It's completely jealousy. Hopefully sometime her husband is there and you can flirt with him. 




 Hey, no disrespect meant to any branch. I'm just trying to dispel the "durr, ure goining to military..u gonna bloww up in Irak" retardism I see all the time. The reality is that barring WW3 (which would suck for everyone) many military jobs are very safe and not very physically taxing. 




  men would rather die than kill

natural selection right there 




 Could have been Hungarians, Italians, Bulgarians, etc. as well. 




 I thought I saw a post on this forum a while ago talking about how they were sometime shot if they came back and the cockpits were sometimes locked shut. 




 Nah, did both 




 fack, I was probably in the most bullshit laden part of the military and I'm pretty much the same except some knee pain and a bunch of educational benefits.

If you wanna skip the whole danger/physical toll part there's always 90% of the air force and navy. 




 hell most people in the military don't like military culture 




 people living in a communal situation is hardly turning colleges into prisons 




 let me guess. you arent college educated?

Man, I don't really have a horse in this race but an undergrad saying something like that sure does make you sound like an entitled little shit 




 True enough, although it meant to support a college student...not a family. 




 Transferring isn't THAT difficult...and I'm sure people that got into UCB could get a lot of scholarships at less competitive universities. If 200 kids put in their papers to transfer it would make a lot more of a statement than sitting in a building. 




 yea not many people seem to consider the military option...the post 9/11 gi bill is a great deal 




 No I mean like a room with 20 or 30 people in bunk beds, hostel style. 




 IT WAS A JOKE!!!!! 




 Looking at the UCB website it looks like tuition and fees are roughly 13k and room and board are 14.5k. It seems like there would be some room to reduce costs in the room and board area. There should be an option for students to live in a large room on bunk beds and a lower cost dining hall that has less choices. Students willing to accept these conditions could have their room and board significantly reduced. This may or may not be feasible at USB but it would seem like a good choice to offer in cases where room and board cost more than tuition and fees. This is, of course, assuming that the billing model reflects cost of operations. 




 why? 




 private message sent... 




 So did you wake her up and say "hey, you pissed the bed.....it's okay, I'm not mad" 




 *thanks NATO 




 *crosses fingers and hopes Thai government establishes real Hunger Games 




 Sounds more like shit you buy in Chinatown than a "weapons shipment" 




 never stand up in court 




 ABLEISM!!! (stims furiously) 




 You should do what we do in the states....bus minorities from nearby poor districts so wealthy suburbanites can have a black kid in their english class. 




 OK, you're stupid 




 Yea, I'm not saying that lots of women might not feel this way, just that the one who do are stupid. 




 and that would be a stupid woman you don't want to date 




 That's more than slightly discriminatory. I'm one of the folks that thinks a lot of complaints about "discrimination" by anyone (men, women, white, black, etc.) are driven more by attention seeking and the desire to create controversy than any real problem. This is a real problem and pretty much the definition of sexism. You should do something about this.

This is fairly shocking to me, what country is this? 




  "Unfortunately, this doesnt display the results clearly enough". He then 
summarily dropped his trousers and shorts, revealing a long, thin, clearly erect penis. There was not a sound in the room. Everyone had stopped breathing.

Science! 









 maybe they're just better at it ;) 




 Yea...I know, I'm just picking on France because it's the American Way. I suppose Egypt or Turkey (our "allies") would be more factual. 




 Good Guy USA: hooks you up with virgins in your area that want to fuck tonight! 




 I don't hate my parents....then again I'm also not France 




 Either this is a weird repost or there is an epidemic of this in the indian-american community http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/2kzg83/i_am_pregnant_and_someone_sent_my_husband_a_sex/ 




 In the Air Force or Navy you almost certainly wont 




 this is a great list 




 While the sentiment here seems to be "no shit" (and I agree that currently that is true) I think many here many be failing to appreciate that this has not always been the case. During the cold-war right-wing, left-wing, and nationalist ideologies inspired a large proportion of terrorist movements. 




 I'm a man. It depends on context. If I am walking at night in a not so great neighborhood I view all people as a threat until proven otherwise. This means constantly scanning to observe behavior and location, clearing corners carefully, moving confidently, and maintaining distance from unknown people. Clearly I assign a greater "threat index" to a large man than an elderly woman. If I'm in a crowded shopping mall my level of alertness is less.
 




 WUT.... it's 2.85 in worcester 




 The UK these days with its extensive CCTV network, mass disarmament, and censorship seem to be the culmination of Orwell's vision.....with a dash of deference to muslim extremism. 




 The new wave of job openings means female Marines in active-duty artillery, tank, assault amphibian, combat engineer, combat assault, and low-altitude air defense battalions and an array of selected reserve units can now fill jobs at the company and battery level

I thought this was ABOUT women getting jobs in company level combat units....perhaps I misunderstood. I recognize they aren't in grunt units yet....but give it a few years. They're already sending them to ITB. 




 I'm not familiar with the TOE of every type of unit but infantry companies typically have a headquarters section with 4 enlisted (1stsgt, gunny, police sgt, and clerk) in reality it is usually expanded to a "headquarters platoon" which is squad sized and filled with people who are unwanted in the rifle or weapons platoons. 




 There's gonna be a whole bunch of "Headquarters Platoons" forming 




 Or that people have a financial interest in creating that impression. 




 It's jealousy, nothing more.  




 Thinking of it from a purely marketing perspective...its pretty clear there isn't a conspiracy against a drug for female sexual dysfunction. Clearly most women would like it........but I bet there are a lot of men with wives going through menopause that would really like it too. "Yo this pill will make your wife wanna fuck more!" is second only to "Yo this pill will make yo dick rock hard!" in terms of massive marketing potential to middle-aged men. 




 oh New Orleans.....the USA's little slice of the third world 




 twitter isn't that bad 




 well they DID get cut in half 




 Forget it Jake. It's Boston. 




 what's wrong with fake titties? 




 When I was a 17-year-old in 2001 it seemed pretty clear to me that you didn't want to take out big loans or study something that was unmarketable.  




 I was born in 1985 as well and heard plenty of the "do what you love," "just be yourself," "everyone is beautiful," BS advice the still predominates our mass media. I also realized that getting a degree field without a clear career path after graduation and taking out huge loans to do it was a bad idea. I turned down an Ivy League education because it would have required large loans. I studied STEM instead of history which I would have preferred. I guess I just don't get it...did other people's parents literally never tell them about money? Did people just assume any college degree meant a great paying job? We DID have the internet, newspapers, and books back in the day.  




 Widely used on Reddit is not the rest of the world. It has one entry on urban dictionary that makes reference to One Direction fans.  




 Sorry mom....

also....wtf is it with people on Reddit saying everything is "cringy"? Is this from the UK? The only people that talk like that in the US are preteen girls. 




 I hear they like it that way down in Brazil 




 America doesn't need you gay nerd laws UN. MURICA! USA USA USA 




 I'm sure the Germans will be able to find a solution 




 absolutely 




 and German is the largest ethnic group in America....so basically the Germans have mastered this race! 




 Then they can use money from their jobs to buy shitty food. There is no fucking "right" to Doritos paid for by the government. 




 God forbid they have a beer or a cigarette....but that doesn't mean the taxpayer should be directly funding it.  




 Damn Phil is 10 years deep in the friend zone and reaching his breaking point. I'd stay the fuck away from him. 




 In Afghanistan after one of our guys stepped on an IED and got blown in half. Running all over the scene setting up medical care, security, and calling for an evac. We didn't have time to carefully sweep for more IED's and they are usually planted in groups so I was just running around on my tiptoes whispering "fuckfuckfuck" to myself. 




 "There's a gun violence problem" Conservatives: "NO THERE ISN'T COMMIE!" because agreeing would imply there is something wrong with gun culture (a lot of their electorate)

"There is a gun violence problem in black culture" Liberals; "NO THERE ISN'T RACIST!" because agreeing would imply there is something wrong with black culture (a lot of their electorate) 




 NO it's only one party that's stupid 




 and the same thing happens from the other side when you break down the demographics of gun violence 




 Hmm, I stand corrected, it looks like NATO is doing more than I thought. I wish we were doing A LOT more.

both sides armed opposition fighters at least 20 times in the past 100 years

probably WAY more 




 Said ONE Ukrainian general and everyone denied it. I mean AFAIK the Russians have never confirmed supplying the separatists but it is very obvious looking at the hardware they have. On the other hand I haven't seen any obviously NATO equipment in the hand of the Ukrainian Army. Don't get me wrong, I wish NATO was suppling the Ukrainians but I haven't seen any evidence they are. If you have pictures or other info I would (seriously) be interested in seeing it. 




 HONEST question: Those charges SEEM to be applied to individuals who are not suspects lying to protect someone else. The federal charges seem to sometimes be applied to the suspect. Do I have a false impression of this? 




 It is against federal law to lie to the FBI (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Making_false_statements) But I can't seem to find any state level versions of this law. Why not? 




 I think this was the original use for "friend zone" ie. the guy that follows a girl around like a little puppy for years expecting her to one day jump into bed with him. One day said girl meets a guy and mr. "friend zone" gets butthurt, he professes his love for her, and she (reasonably) says something along the lines of "I think of you as a friend."

Guys that begin with a romantic interest and get rejected are not "friend zoned," they are rejected as others have expressed. This may be somewhat complicated when women say something like, "we can still be friends." Generally this may be seen as letting the guy down easy (although I'm sure it is sometimes sincere) but it can be confusing for soft-headed guys.  




 Well the Koreans have a similar version but age is the primary determining factor not who invited whom. I was suggesting culture contributes to social views, individual anecdota may vary. 




 I merely suggested that alternate views of individual responsibilities in a social interaction might be colored by the culture of the individuals involved. You seemed to be misunderstanding and getting upset. The culture is WASPs in NE United States. 




 We can't complain about people being rude?  




 In my culture the invited person should at least offer, for the host to ask them to pay would be rude.  




 Maybe she knows the picture is there, maybe she posted it. There is absolutely no upside to you making her aware of it. There IS a downside if she takes it the wrong way. 




 It may be cultural. In my culture if you are invited out to a meal you ALWAYS offer to pay your share, HOWEVER it is typically expected that the individual who offered the invitation will pay. 




 NATO arms the Ukrainians? 




 Welp, if you ever visit the USA ill buy you a beer 




 That's a lot of writing to miss the point entirely. I vote my own self interests, you cry like a baby on the internet. Looking at your posting history virtually everything is an anti-American diatribe. I smell inferiority complex. You also talk a lot of shit to anonymous strangers which suggests you are a coward that gets bullied a lot. Not far off base, huh? 




 That two intelligent people, based on the same facts, should reach the same conclusions 




 She referred you to a psychiatrist because she recognizes that your problems exceed her expertise in the area. She doesn't want to change your meds because if you show up to your psychiatrist and say "problems etc." and then explain that you just switched TWO mood altering medications it will make the psychiatrist's job that much harder.  




 depends on how much money they make 




 Yeah...these guys are TOTALLY gonna limit carbon emissions 




 Lets say hypothetically WMDs are out of the picture, America declares war on Russia, and Russia is exterminating all civilians in occupied countries. 


































 Around 830 last night there were 50-100 bicyclists riding against traffic in both lanes down River St. in Cambridge. Most of them did not have lights on and I about squished the first few before I saw them. Anyone know what this was about? 



























































 And the chance of the UN making that happen is zero, so saying it just makes them look impotent.  




 I heard abu zubaydah took the ice bucket challenge... 




 Saying stupid stuff like this makes them even more of a joke. Its like some little kid telling a grown man he's gonna kick the man's ass. If the kid had made a good argument to the man, tried to reason with him, the man might listen. When you start out with threats/demands that you have no possible way of following through on, you get laughed at. 




 my aunt who told me that I need to make him come to me

This is really terrible advice. A great way to specifically select for guys who are more desperate/have fewer options. Not so say that guys(or girls) with more options are necessarily better....but common sense dictates that they probably are.  




 One my good friends went from NYC to Sweden...also married.  




 Yea...when I interviewed at Harvard (no I didn't get in) a bunch of people were texting the whole time. One girl just left in the middle of the tour to "go meet a friend." I was flabbergasted.  




 The ER I work in HATES this. Not so much for adults but everyone wants it for kids who miss school. I've never seen anyone refuse to write one so they are essentially meaningless anyway. It's also funny because no one want to waste time meeting a dumb requirement so the letters, in there entirety, generally read something like this: "Johnny is sick and can't go to school. - Dr. XXX." 




 This is such a non story. "Guy gets mad at business that over charged him." Just an excuse to feel better than someone, like all the stories about beemers parked in front of hydrants. 




 Yup, frankly the Germans got off pretty light. 




 lol....if it makes you feel better 




 Yes, the allies should have accepted millions of more casualties to prevent civilian casualties among a population that largely supported the war's initial aggressors. Sorry no. 




 So force people to pay to work, those patients will get great care!  




 Oh believe me, I know all about that. For example: mom with 4 kids in ER "this one has a fever, this one has a sore tooth, this one has a rash, this one won't listen to me." The worst thing is that this is in Massachusetts so she DOES have a PCP paid for by the state. 

The truth is you really can't turn away anyone at the ER (especially kids) and if someone is poor and has shit credit there isn't really any way to prevent this. Unless there is a mechanism to deny people care, or actually punish them for wasting medical resources this wont change. 

Recently I saw a 16 yo girl who was complaining about sharp LRQ pain. She has no fever or other symptoms, she seems to be faking everything but insists she is in terrible pain and thinks she is going to die. The resident orders an ultrasound just to be sure. Later the girls mom leaves the room and the girl tells the resident "I faked this whole thing because I didn't want to go to school." Too bad. Resident can't tell the mom because of confidentiality concerns and the team decides to go through with the ultrasound. They do this because if she lying now and just wants to go home (has been waiting several hours, already missed school) and something really is wrong, they all get sued.  




 I'm always terrified I will laugh while giving a prostate or genital exam. It's one thing for the patient to laugh, the physician can gently reassure them that the exam provokes reactions like this in many patients and there is no reason to be embarrassed. If the doctor starts laughing at the patient....how can they really salvage that?  




 We could raise taxes, cut spending, or decide that there isn't a public "right" to healthcare. 




 if they want more access for medicaid patients....them's the breaks.
 




 Speaking as a male former Marine....if someone doesn't feel that they are "man enough" or "woman enough" or "tough enough," whichever qualifier need apply....I wouldn't want to serve with them. I certainly wouldn't want things to be changed to make them more comfortable.

When we reached our victor unit, we probably lost 20% of our original strength over the course of six months due to "psych issues," guys running away, guys hurting themselves on purpose, guys purposely getting caught with drugs, etc. These were the guys that didn't want to be there. By the time we went into harms way we were stronger having lost them. 




 HA....you should really be complaining about capital gains tax rates 




 This seems like things we have mostly heard before.  




 They just need to get people to stop giving them money. The homeless have every right to be there but they do frequently cause disruptions, harass people, and are generally bad for business (how many women do you know that specifically avoid Central Square because of this?) If you want to help the homeless make a donation to a shelter, don't give it to someone on the street and encourage this shit.  




 My point is that these laws just encourage more inane behavior. I'd rather some guy sit quietly against a wall than obstruct traffic or make me think I'm being carjacked. 




 Doesn't seem to be doing much good. They walk into active traffic and knock on your window in Worcester. 




 Raise medicaid reimbursement rates and watch this change.  




 He thinks he did something wrong or that there is something wrong with him. He wants to know what it is so he won't make the same mistake again. You don't owe him anything but you specify that there are "several reasons" why you don't want a relationship with him. It will put his mind at ease and perhaps help him in the future if you let him know. Make it clear that you have no romantic interest in him going on. 




 and Norway! Fuckin stuck-up jerks of the Nordic states 




 from massachusetts....dont believe it 




 Its like all the countries I like are green and all the ones I don't like are red! 




 4 years in the military 




 Or maybe they are trying to set expectations. Make it seem like it's gonna be terrible so when the facts come out and they really aren't much more than waterboarding everyone will just go "oh, meh, that ain't so bad." 




 story of my life :( 




 Wouldn't it be terrible if private businesses could freely choose with whom to do business?  




 They just need to import some American rednecks. The redneck will also be costly to your social service agencies but they will keep the radical islam in check and add to diversity. 




 Drones would probably be pretty useful for targeting their GRADs 




 I agree. I'm much closer with guys I went to high-school and college with than anyone I went to Iraq or Afghanistan with. Other than occasional facebook stuff I'm not in touch with any of them and have no desire to be. These are guys I lived in a tent with for 7 months, guys who I watched friends die with, guys I saw heard crying. Despite these deep shared experiences...I find I don't have much in common with them. I have more kinship with dudes I took calc 2 with than dudes I got in gunfights with.  




 it this like a sensitive topic for you? 




 Street cops. Not political animals like the chiefs of large departments, and the street cops will do whatever their boss tells them. 




 I would guess the nasty guard has a lot more experience with MRAPs than many of the police officers. 




 yet I don't get how everyone is going on vacations 1-2x/year

mom and dad 




 There's nothing really wrong with it. Would you have a problem if she was married to a woman? 




 Family is smarter than half of reddit, 2/3 of the media, and 90% of the protesters. 




 Give up, ure arguing with stupid, stupid people. 




 then please don't ever vote. 




 OH my mistake....its all about instagram followers. Whats it like to pretend to be part of something? 




 LOL. People that don't know about it? Do you think people that didn't know about it by this point are going to be great warriors in your social justice army? 

 




 *Taxpayers 




 How about leave the T AND streets open.  




 I don't know what this means...but I like it. 




 Funny....I bet most of these people think there should be a mandatory free speech exclusion zone around abortion clinics. 




 That was on Tuesday night. You know...the one where everyone stays up late because they are going home on Wednesday and maybe have an early morning class that doesn't matter. Perfect time for some pretend activism. 




 No shit! This has always been one of those tiny, trivial annoyances that made me hate mass. 




 Thank you, I could not have said it better.  




 The whole system of permanently removing some of an individuals rights due to a past conviction is wrong and should end. That said, being that the current system is in place and Wahlberg committed multiple, violent, unprovoked assaults. FUCK HIM. 




 Why the hell wouldn't they be from Boston

I was expressing evidence that in fact many of them are not from Boston. 




 notice how everything calmed down over Thanksgiving break....? 




 If you want to inconvenience someone, inconvenience the people that can change things and the people responsible for the problem. Surround the state house and Boston Police HQ. Block access with interlaced arms. Refuse to leave until the state establishes an independent commission to investigate police brutality. Don't engage in activities that specifically inconvenience the people you are trying to win to your side. The cops at the protest are not inconvenienced. They are all making AT VERY MINIMUM several hundred dollars to stand around shooting the shit with their buddies and looking at college girls. They would love if there were protests like this every day.

The "this is about systemic racism" is such a fucking bullshit copout. Racism is real and bad. No shit. I graduated elementary school too. What is your solution? Do you have a specific list of demands or legislative proposals? How do we fix the problem? Right now it is like having a protest against cancer. Yea, I get it, it's a problem, but until there is a message beyond "racism bad" it's like a toddler throwing a tantrum. Entirely counterproductive. If you want to change things you need a specific plan. You can't just whine until someone fixes it like with mom and dad. 




 Protesting is not necessarily about swaying public opinion or garnering sympathy

Then what is it about? Annoying people? Expressing anger? If it is the second there are much more productive ways to blow off steam without inconveniencing the public and wasting public funds.

Maybe its just about a bunch of college kids that wanna selfie protesting outside their dorm on thursday night. 




 What a great way to get support for your cause!  




 It looked like they were all parents there with their kids.  




 The funny thing was on WCVB the people complaining about the disruption of the performance were black and the people endorsing it were white. 




 If they want to block things why don't they surround the statehouse or police HQ and block people from entering or leaving, form an arm chain. Blocking traffic just pisses people off. My friend just called stuck in traffic for an hour for the second time in two weeks. 




 They should do a better job at articulating that because all I hear is MIKE BROWN!!! RACISM BAD!!! They might even win some supporters. EDIT- I'm completely serious. I agree with all your points. However, blocking traffic and screaming "Hands Up Don't Shoot" and "Fuck you racist ass Police" communicates none of them and just turns politically neutral people against you. 




 You don't fire a lethal weapon at a van full of children to stop a fleeing suspect. 









 I feel like you're agreeing with me.... 




 As with mike brown and the choke-hold guy in New York. Resisting arrest and being an ass aren't good enough reasons to shoot someone. I used these videos because they very clearly capture exactly what happened (not the case in the first two mentioned cases). They both clearly show officers opening fire in situations when they and others are not in immediate lethal danger. Situations when non lethal options are clearly available. 




 There were at least 4 cops, in body armor, with multiple rifles, a dog, and non lethal options. The man was retreating. If they can't handle the situation without opening fire they should be fired for incompetence and cowardice.

Source: Infantry Combat vet that has dealt with many, much more dangerous situations. 




 NSFW: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tpAZObNZfI t=0m51s http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBL6AEkvLbk t=11m30s 
This is not a purely black-male problem. It is a police problem. While certainly racism exists in our society and certainly black males are more likely to receive this kind of treatment, framing our national problem with use of force by police as a purely racial issue is a mistake.  









 How about one banning all public sector unions in the state?  




 It's great when all kinds of different people can work together in crisis and get something done....even hipsters. 




 It depends on the country. That shit will work in the EU, the US, Japan, Korea, Australia, NZ, etc. But that shit won't work in China, Syria, or North Korea. 




 we should start taxing their tea! 




 No fucking shit, it's laughable. "Naw, man, real life is unfair and hard." Yea, that wasn't the point.  




 Well if they are in Status Epilepticus you should intubate them, probably best left to a paramedic or doctor 




 Such a silly argument. What difference does it make if one "race" is slightly more or less intelligent when measured over large populations. Will the people that don't like said race now be allowed to discriminate against them legally? NO. Will said race get some kind of entitlement because they are in some way mentally disabled? NO. Will it still be in everyone's best interest to judge individuals by their individual merit? YES. 




 Wonder what they're using for footwear 




 I FOUND A SPY!!!! 




 that's cute 




 Looks like the anti-vaccers have found a new ally! 




 They already had his DNA. They wanted a confirmation from a familial party in the compound as confirmation before the raid. 




 All the people blocking the road take honking as a sign of support.......yea I'm sure. The people who disagree probably aren't going to make it known when they are surrounded by a bunch of protestors for fear of damage to their car or their body. 




 Yup veterans and rioters....same thing. Does your case-worker know ure online? 




 These are the same people that believe cops are racist, thug, enforcers for the corporatist 1%'ers....and the only people that should have guns. 




 What is the obsession with obstructing traffic? Sounds like a great way to make people that don't really have an opinion hate you. 




 you ever been? 




 I wonder how many women and kids were there? Oh wait, its ISIS and they're like super mean so all the normal whining and handwringing goes out the window.
EDIT: lol at all the people who missed my point completely or think ISR can reliably determine if non-combatants are present. You learn a thing or two when, you know, you actually fight in middle east. 




 Maidan and Tahrir laugh at your puny rioting Ferguson 




 They stole land from people that stole land from other people and now everyone involved is dead.  




 yea totally forgot...that is like the most hidden grocery store ever 




 James Mattis 




 It's called a war. They are unpleasant.  




 So long as they keep their caveman activity to the mountains of pakistan it sounds fine. Unfortunately they haven't. 




 absolutely correct 




 This is too true 




 To be fair that housing development is a complete waste of resources in Kendall Square, it's all low rises. They should sell it to developers for hundreds of millions of dollars and then use the money to build better, high-rise developments elsewhere in Cambridge. 




 to be fair there is a 7/11 




  I'll tell ya another thing: their beer sucks! 




 Why do you care, it's his life 




 Pouring bottled water on my corpsman's hands to wash away the blood from our buddy who had just been KIA. 




 TOTAL BULLSHIT STORY...."when the letters stopped coming we knew he was gone"

FUCKING BULLSHIT....if he had ever been there he would know it takes like 2-3 weeks for letters to get home and casualty notifications are done within 24 hours like 99.99% of the time. 




 3 year old boy with his dick burned off, it looked like a little piece of charcoal. 




 fucking disgraceful, especially considering our NCO corps is one of the primary reasons our military is so much better than those built on the Warsaw Pact model. 




 Just send them to boot camp and put them in "Pork-Chop Platoon." That means half rations and double PT and no advancement until you lose the weight. I still remember the look on those fat dudes faces as we drove past them running through the night....shudder. 




 This is hilarious 
























