 I think I only watched or liked season 1 and 2 also.  When I think back, I don't know if it was comic gold, or if I was just a stupid teenager. 




 I remember that shit!  Fuck I liked Mad tv... 




 Once read that deja v could be connected to tumors in your temporal lobe.  http://www.cancerresearchuk.org/cancer-help/type/brain-tumour/about/brain-tumour-symptoms 




 Sinatra! 




 That's what I thought!  Then I found it on my computer and shit my fuckin' pants!  




 It's nothing compared to the other things mentioned here.  It's gross though. 




 There's a movie named Angus, from the 90's, that guy was a cool kid in the movie :)  that's what I think of anyway, I actually like the name because of that movie. 




 She is so pretty! 




 I didn't downvote you.  Dick.

And I didn't say nag them during their haircut.  

If someone were to really come to me and want me to make their hair look nice and feel healthy, but only wanted 1/8 of an inch off, I would definitely try to convince them to do the least I thought was necessary.  But I wouldn't start til we were on the same page, and I definitely wouldn't do anything they wouldn't want me to. 




 Relevant sequel with Johnny Cash

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0XUTD7QYcs feature=youtube_gdata_player 




 Nail on the head! 




 It's gorgeous! 




 I laughed, then I cried :( 




 Thank you posting this! 




 The exact same thing happened to me.   Plus I didn't feel morning sickness til I was about 7 1/2 weeks along. 




 Her song "Cola" is mesmerizing, and dirty. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4l98v1AXNtw feature=youtube_gdata_player 




 The Smiths 




 Good luck girl!  I wish I had advice,  but I'm not in your boat. 




 The only way you'll get a decent part, is if you part it when it's very wet and let it dry like that.  Sometimes the hair is naturally forced in a certain direction, and it may be difficult to change directions.  But it should.  I wish I had more advice. 




 That's a good one! 




 My husband does this.  I ask him why, he says, to show its authenticity.  But he insists there's other ways to prove its authentic.  With his own argument,  he proves the sticker isn't necessary. 




 :'D how exciting! 




 This is a lot more complicated than you would think.


First off, if you have any artificial hair color already on your hair, a lighter color will not do anything. Hair color is a lot more gentle than bleach, so it won't break through artificial hair dye to lighten it.

Sometimes when you dilute hair color, it inhibits it from depositing a nice tone and you may be left with more of an unwanted warmer tone.  

There are factors that need to be considered,  just be sure to talk to a professional in great detail before you waste your time. 




 I have to say, I thought the first Saw was pretty enjoyable;  while the next 20 were insanely unnecessary.  




 Insanely cruel!  Call them! 




 I've seen an addict show on this, people get addicted to this.  I don't understand it. 




 Hi!  Good luck with everything!  You guys are adorable! 




 She is gorgeous!  




 Wow.  All I remember about my trip to London is that my money didn't go too far.  But I have to say the majority of the time, I feel like the quality was way above ours on many things. 




 I think you should watch some EPICMEALTIME.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9FRSghXhDM feature=youtube_gdata_player 




 The mom and pop places would probably have donuts cheaper, but Dunkin' Donuts, where I live(NV, USA), is $9/dozen. 




 Yay it's so good!   I put a piece  of chocolate in the center before I popped it in the microwave and it turned it into a molten lava cake.    




 I was joking, meaning it's outdated. 




 Ok, gorgeous baby.  Xoxo! 




 Oh shit!! 




 It was unbelievable, that's for sure. 




 Did you calculate your due date yet?? 




 Well, disgraceful art. 




 Yay, so exciting! 




 It's called 2005. 




 I too would like to know this.  




 Yay 









 I like the name, but the last person I knew named Dexter was a 80 year old man.  I have a feeling the majority of people would jump to the show :/    




 I'm still playing MW3,  occasionally COD 4 even.  Def not up to date. 




 Thank you  




 O man, you have the best taste in products, I agree 100%. 




 Correct this if it's wrong, but once you deny the holy spirit, isn't that blasphemy?  Isn't blasphemy the only unforgivable sin?  Unforgivable, as in, no chance you will get to heaven? 




 This has nothing to do with christianity or atheism, this is one person's opinion on his personal experience with inappropriate behavior from an adult.  The fact that it makes you so angry is scary.  

Meanwhile there's small fundamentalist religious groups that marry 12 year old girls with old men, and you're here complaining about this guy.  Is this a joke? 




 I'm not arguing here I just think you need to calm down.  This is one man's incidence with being touched as a child, and his feelings towards it.


This was his explanation:

"Should I have lied and said it was the worst thing that ever happened to me? Should I have mendaciously sought the sympathy due to a victim who had truly been damaged for the rest of his life? Should I have named the offending teacher and called down posthumous disgrace upon his head?


No, no and no. To have done so would have been to belittle and insult those many people whose lives really were blighted and cursed, perhaps by year-upon-year of abuse by a father or other person who was deeply important in their life. To have done so would have invited the justifiably indignant response: How dare you make a fuss about the mere half minute of gagging unpleasantness that happened to you only once, and where the perpetrator was not your own father but a teacher who meant nothing special to you in your life. Stop playing the victim. Stop trying to upstage those who really were tragic victims in their own situations. Dont cry wolf about your own bad experience, because it undermines those whose experience was  and remains  so much worse."


-Richard Dawkins 




 "Should I have lied and said it was the worst thing that ever happened to me? Should I have mendaciously sought the sympathy due to a victim who had truly been damaged for the rest of his life? Should I have named the offending teacher and called down posthumous disgrace upon his head?


No, no and no. To have done so would have been to belittle and insult those many people whose lives really were blighted and cursed, perhaps by year-upon-year of abuse by a father or other person who was deeply important in their life. To have done so would have invited the justifiably indignant response: How dare you make a fuss about the mere half minute of gagging unpleasantness that happened to you only once, and where the perpetrator was not your own father but a teacher who meant nothing special to you in your life. Stop playing the victim. Stop trying to upstage those who really were tragic victims in their own situations. Dont cry wolf about your own bad experience, because it undermines those whose experience was  and remains  so much worse."


-Richard Dawkins 




 How adorable!  :'D 




 :')  so fun to watch. 




 He said it didn't have lasting negative effects on him, he's not saying it's an appropriate action.  You only read what you want to read.  This has nothing to do with anything.  

But while we are on the subject of pedophilia, shall we bring up the catholic church and their morally sound foundation?   




 That is a perfect silhouette!  




 Man, don't tell them that. 




 I'm due in April too!  Hey buddy! 




 That's pretty sound advice.  Speed will only get better as she gains more experience. 




 I want waffles :'( 




 Yes! 




 Eulogy for a Dog, by George Vest


	Gentlemen of the jury: 

The best friend a man has in this world may turn against him and become his enemy. 

His son or daughter that he has reared with loving care may prove ungrateful. 

Those who are nearest and dearest to us, those whom we trust with our happiness and our good name, may become traitors to their faith. 

The money that a man has, he may lose. It flies away from him, perhaps when he needs it the most. 

A man's reputation may be sacrificed in a moment of ill-considered action. 

The people who are prone to fall on their knees to do us honor when success is with us may be the first to throw the stone of malice when failure settles its cloud upon our heads. 

The one absolutely unselfish friend that a man can have in this selfish world, the one that never deserts him and the one that never proves ungrateful or treacherous is his dog.


Gentlemen of the jury:

A man's dog stands by him in prosperity and in poverty, in health and in sickness. 

He will sleep on the cold ground, where the wintry winds blow and the snow drives fiercely, if only he may be near his master's side. 

He will kiss the hand that has no food to offer, he will lick the wounds and sores that come in encounters with the roughness of the world. 

He guards the sleep of his pauper master as if he were a prince. 

When all other friends desert, he remains. 

When riches take wings and reputation falls to pieces, he is as constant in his love as the sun in its journey through the heavens.

If fortune drives the master forth an outcast in the world, friendless and homeless, the faithful dog asks no higher privilege than that of accompanying him to guard against danger, to fight against his enemies, and when the last scene of all comes, and death takes the master in its embrace and his body is laid away in the cold ground, no matter if all other friends pursue their way, there by his graveside will the noble dog be found, his head between his paws, his eyes sad but open in alert watchfulness, faithful and true even to death. 




 Her response is more like she's letting him know he won't be judged. 




 I need to learn how to do that.  That would be a fun skill. 









 Well you helped me! 




 The cutest idea ever!  




 There's another one called Fall From Grace. 




 Yay!  See, everything's fine :D  




 How unfortunate. 




 I have been in the hair industry for about a decade, and there's only been a few products that have impressed me.  The latest and most favorite one?  Moroccan Oil Brand shampoo and conditioner... just heavenly. 




 Then, you're still wrong.  It doesn't taste greasy or undercooked. 




 It's well cooked and I don't see much of any grease.  If you don't l Ike it, that's fine, but your points are dumb. 




 Mine just looked like that last night!  I went to planned parenthood today, and I'm pregnant! 4 weeks along. 




 Shorkie!  Like mine http://www.imgur.com/HTGdOQF.jpeg 




 Totally a Shorkie!  Here's mine http://www.imgur.com/HTGdOQF.jpeg 




 Yes!  He looks just like my Shorkie!

http://www.imgur.com/HTGdOQF.jpeg 




 In love! 




 I don't see an ombre. 




 Polka Trash! 




 I thought this looked familiar, this kid I follow on twitter tried taking the credit.

http://www.imgur.com/ehsm4sW.png
 




 As /u/torchytodd said, Vanish is your best bet.  Some color removing systems contain bleach, you have to be careful what you buy.

Even with color removers, you can't expect the best case scenario, the results *can* be minimal depending on how much color has been deposited on your hair in the past.  But at least they are safe and you can do them multiple times. 




 Artificial color doesn't lift artificial color.  It will only change the virgin growth.  That's why the process is more pricey,  it's a process.  You have to use professional color removers or bleach to lift out artificial color. 




 Thought this guy would make an appearance. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=piwmshfmsrc feature=youtube_gdata_player
 




 He was *dyingggg* to blame someone else.   




 First of all, it depends on what kind of cheese.  Gouda is expensive here, I'm sorry, but you're wrong.  I don't know where you'd get coffee like that for a dollar or less either. 




 Idk man...

2 eggs - $4.50
Potatoes- $1.75
Yogurt- $3.00
Cheese- $8.00
Carrots- $1.50
Lemons-$2.50
Onions-$2.00
Tomatoes- $3.00
Radishes- $1.50
Coffee- $7.00
Fish thing-$3.50?

Well this is Las Vegas, NV.  Nothing is grown or bred here.

 




 I disagree. 

Gouda cheese alone would be like $8.  We might get deals in the US, but this is insanely cheap. 




 http://www.imgur.com/Dr6uVJd.jpeg

That is a blended haircut, and your pics are not.  See how the sides graduate into the top length?  In your pictures, the top is disconnected.

Please tell me you notice the difference. 




 Amazing haircut!  He looks like this guy...! http://www.imgur.com/A59Vymt.png 




 It looks like a 1 1/2.

I think an important detail is that in the pictures you're showing, the sides aren't blended to the top,  there's a very clean disconnect.  

You have to show the stylist those pictures and tell them you want it disconnected like the pictures.  If someone were to walk in and tell me they wanted a 1 1/2 on the sides, it would be my natural reaction to blend it, which creates a very different look from these pictures. 




 More like what I say to men like you. 




 Does silver or gold compliment your skin better?  If gold, you should have your hair a warm shade, if silver, it should be a cooler tone.  Most colors have a warmer or cooler version.  Say red, warm red would be more copper, a cool red would be violet.   















































































 Your ways aren't evil, it sounds like what everyone goes through.  I'm not trying to make your problems sound insignificant, but if you keep calling it evil it will make you feel terrible about yourself....  And masturbation is fun and healthy. 




 K 




 I'm not getting what you're throwing I guess.  How can my assumption be that off if you affiliate with a Christian religion? 




 I assume that since you identify under a certain denomination,  that you have at least minimal respect for the book. 




 I don't claim that there are *any* books written by anything but fallible humans... 

But I sure as hell wouldn't do anything as drastic as follow a religion written by them.  

I mean fuck, a lot of people think the Mormons are crazy because a couple hundred years ago Joseph Smith talked to God and created a religion.  If someone does that now, we put them in the psych ward.  What the hell is the difference?  In my eyes, crazy people wrote the book you're defending. 




 Why would you live by a book that was written by fallible men? 




 You know people are born gay and don't have a choice, great.  

The fact that they can't control their orientation is something that hasn't been known for a long time.  When all we had thousands of years ago were lines like this to refer to, 

"If a man also lie with mankind, as he lieth with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination: they shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be upon them."-Lev.20:13 

...people were well convinced it was a choice.

But thats humankind for you, learning evolving, continuing to gain information. You are helping me make my point.  

*This book has gotten things wrong.* 

I know what you might say, "of course a book written so long ago wouldn't have all the answers..." "it must be interpreted correctly to understand it's significance/meaning..."  but it got equality wrong, a human right that people are still fighting for!  People shouldn't be able to  blame it on the interpretation or time it was written.  Not acceptable to me, considering how many people live their life hanging by every word of that book.

 




 Who is telling you that the bible, or any part of the bible, is not meant to be taken literally?  The only answer that I'd accept is God, or the people that wrote it.  

Since they're not here to explain themselves, it's up to the people who preach to the masses with their own ideas, interpretations and agendas. 




 5,700 and 10,000 years, I'm sorry.  And when I say, "that's what the bible says," I'm only speaking of a literal *interpretation.*   




 You are an example of what I'm talking about, no offense.  If you literally interpret it, it does say the earth is that old.

"Young Earth creationism (YEC) is the religious belief that the Universe, Earth and all life on Earth were created by direct acts of the Abrahamic God during a relatively short period, sometime between 5,700 and 10,000 years ago. Its primary adherents are those Christians and Jews who, using a literal interpretation of the Genesis creation narrative as a basis, believe that God created the Earth in six 24-hour days."

Edit:  Like you said, you can easily say that a literal interpretation of Genesis is ludicrous because the age of the earth has evidence that it is billions of years old.    

But is that how everything will go in the bible once we find enough evidence against it?   




 No.  They might have a hard time admitting to themselves they feel that way, but never in a conversation or debate has any Christian admitted that to me.  If it was my religion, and I felt like the only connection I had to a religion was a holy book, I'd feel the same.  I feel like questioning the book, would be the start to losing faith. 




 I agree with you that there are different genres of the bible.  I really should have worded it better, because you are absolutely right.

Let me put it this way.  I'm not referring to the miracles, the prayers, the mythical creatures.  I'm talking about history, human morality, very black and white topics where there isn't and shouldn't be a gray area. 




 Well, I don't know how you'd come to that conclusion, I don't believe it to be either.  The Christians that celebrate Easter I'm sure think it actually happened. 




 I could figuratively be a sheep, but literally neither. 




 Some people?  I am talking about the people who have nothing more than common knowledge on the subject.   Every religious person that has crossed my path, had their own way of interpreting things in the bible.  

The ones that think the earth is 6,000 years old, take Genesis literally.  The Christians that believe what the scientists say to be accurate, say it's up for interpreting and that science fits with the bible.  Of course there are people that say science fits with the bible, because there's an overwhelming amout of evidence to support the age of our planet and they'd be crazy not to agree.

The same with homosexuality.  It's a sin.  Gay people are a large group, that are shunned by numerous religious organizations.  But then other groups say God loves everyone and excepts everyone.  

It seems to conveniently come down to whether or not an individual is personally accepting or not of the lifestyle but they just blame it on the interpretation of their bible.  




 I just always wonder how people decide what to take literally, or figuratively in the bible.

Whether it be how old the earth is said to be, or the view on homosexuality.  Everything..

People will say that the earth isn't *literally* 6,000 years old, and that you shouldn't interpret Genesis as literal.  

Who are they to interpret it the way they feel it should be?   Not only that, but interpret the whole thing the same way or don't.  The picking and choosing is all over the place. 




 O yes 




 In the span of a few decades we went from smoking on planes to grounding them over a match.  I agree that's its dangerous, but I could see how someone from that age might disregard the danger. 









 I want to help you, but I've never used that brand.  Pomades aren't suppose to dry stiff, the base it's made of is usually beeswax or oil.   But this could have other properties that give it that effect. 




 By far the best! 




 How exciting!  Love it. 




 Can I ask the time span that this covered?  I love looking at hair transformation albums like this, thank you. 




 Since facial hair is more coarse and resistant than normal hair, sometimes the formula is stronger.  

It's absolutely safe if it gets on your skin, but if the color is darker it could stain your skin.  That's the only thing you'd wanna worry about, is staining.  So avoid the skin as much as possible.  Just lightly paint it on with a q-tip and let it process for the time specified.  




 Young Adult.  I just love Charlize Theron in that movie.   




 How old? 




 Definitely Chi flat iron.  If she requests a big curling iron, I'd get her at least a 1 1/2" one.  The flat iron is important to get a good brand, the curling iron, not as important.  But Hot Tools brand is good. 




 But while you are letting the top grow, you could fade the sides.  It usually makes the overall shape more desirable when the sides are shorter.  Her advice is sound.  




 I think that's an amazing question 




 Very common!  They do sell facial hair dye.   




 Is that like a 3 on top, 2 on the sides?  It's very short, but what do you usually do, 5 and a 4?   




 You must be pretty young 




 I've noticed, the times when it foams the most, there is some sort of cleaner in the toilet, or residual cleaner left over from the previous flush.  Might not be relevant, just my observation. 




 I like these the best, out of all these posts. 




 *I think I'm doing okay for a 15 year old with a wife and a baby.* 

That shit cracked me up 




 I thought that emphasis was necessary.  I find many people saying there is this blurred line when it comes to attraction to the same sex for females.  A lot of women do it for critical acclaim, and I think that's where it gets messy.  It creates this weird stigma for the ones with genuine attraction.  My opinion.  




 I am female.  I *do* find myself staring at certain females sometimes, but I never reach the point of sexual attraction, ever.  I am very straight.  I find it hilarious when I stare too long.  But it feels like human nature to appreciate immaculate appearances. ::shrugs:: 




 That's exactly it.  On the strip and under the Fremont Street Experience,  anything can be open, it's legal!  But East Fremont,  just outside the main drag where all the hipster bars are, is where the law changes.  The rest of the city is not open-container legal, just strip and under Fremont Experience.  




 What if she has been pregnant multiple times but has had multiple miscarriages and can't conceive?  And everytime she sees her face on a magazine with that headline she is forced to be reminded... 




 I've heard that the most simplistic is the healthiest.  Everything you listed are single ingredients, therefore the healthiest.  

When it comes to overprocessed, majorly artificial,  super-refined shit, our bodies don't even recognize it as food;  another reason why it's hard to feel full on junk food. 




 She fucking nailed that Joan Jett persona!  That was the one movie that made me appreciate Kristen Stewart's acting. 




 Aww, you killed it. 




 Thank you 




 I'm so sorry, what happened in FL?  Has this already been implemented?  









 He's got your baby.

That scene in 2 made the scene from 1 scarier to me. 




 I didn't get through to the end of that one.  He was too repulsive.  




 It has the smallest molecules, stains easy and slips out easy. 




 I really don't want to sound mean, but it looks like an 80's jerry curl.  Maybe you should try it shorter.  




 He tastes like you, but sweeter. 




 I completely agree.  But I get the vibe he seems like a really nice guy. 




 I love the short-lived yoga in the park scene.   




 I think it's so weird that women can be divided on this, but I hate when a guy sucks on it!  Soft, repetitious licking feels the best to me. 




 That warms my heart. 




 In Her Shoes.  Toni Collette should have won an Oscar, in my opinion.  




 Bottom left! 




 Yea, you should feel the vibe pretty easy whether they say they are or not.  Good luck.  




 I am a stylist who is very comfortable with fading.  You may not find that everywhere.  Read reviews and find a good barber in your area.  Just remember to take that pic with you lol. 




 I think you would rock that style wonderfully.  Just remember to take that photo with you, because consultations can be confusing and it's not the normal way of fading a man's cut.  But, fucking go for it dude! 




 I agree.  This seems like a popular look, so it'd be easy to tell you with a better view of it.   




 It looks nice, a lot of different colors, I can't really tell what's going on. 




 We would really just need to see your hair. 




 
...I agree with you?  I feel like you're yelling at me. 




 Four Rooms!  Tim Roth, Tarantino,  Madonna... very interesting. 




 How do I get there 




 If it weren't for the believers of scientology,  there would be no scientology.  They might be pawns, but they fuel the fire. 




 They just did this multi-million dollar renovation on Caesar's Palace Buffet, holy shit, best buffet in town now.  http://www.caesarspalace.com/restaurants/bacchanal-buffet.html#.UlpiWaO3PFo  No one can argue this! 




 A miscarriage feels like labor pains.  It's terrible, I don't wish it on my worst enemy.  Instead of the pain giving you a child, it just gives you more pain :(  




 /r/wheredidthesodago

Funny, wholesome, doesn't make me sad. 




 I keep forgetting this specific movie scene.  Broke my heart. 




 They would post fundamentalist pictures, I'd share my opposing opinion.  They unfriended me, but last I saw on Twitter,  they now share my beliefs... I feel I contributed somewhat to their switch, but it wasn't my intention.  




 Soooo accurate.  




 Four Rooms!  Tim Roth, Tarantino,  Madonna... very interesting. 




 I respect your judgement on scientology,  but there is more bullshit in this world than you think.  My christian ex sister-in-law was forced to go to this place in TX as a teen.   http://www.recoveringalumni.com/?m=0# 




 Yes 




 http://m.reviewjournal.com/news/fine-day-hike-leads-blm-fines-red-rock Not in my town, they are assholes. 




 They don't put the employees to work to keep the parks up and running, but they make sure there are people working that can give citations. http://m.reviewjournal.com/news/fine-day-hike-leads-blm-fines-red-rock 




 You're not wrong, but he isn't either.  His comment is referencing The Fremont Street Experience, and your article's gray matter is just outside the Fremont Experience,  Fremont east.  As long as you're in the main drag,  drink up! 




 That's the magic I was hoping for.  It was this joint concert back in December,  he was playing with The Reverend Horton Heat in Vegas.  He was suppose to be out first.  Nothing was said, no one apologized, just a complete no-show.  The fucker. 




 I was really teetering, but I agree we shouldn't have responded at all.  There is absolutely nothing we could say, and after reading the response billboards again, I definitely agree they are probably the most juvenile way to get the message out.  This is a crucial time for atheism, we can't look lower than they are.  Those response billboards should've been so much more thought out anyway, It shouldn't be that hard to make Ken Ham look like an ass. 




 Is your job physically exhausting?  That would be a big factor for me.  But anyway, take off when you can, everyone is right when they say life is meant to be lived. 




 Yes.  Double negatives are fucking terrible. 




 This article says the opposite.  http://dictionary.reference.com/help/faq/language/g09.html

I'm not trying to argue but, this makes more sense. 




 Jello Biafra of the Dead Kennedy's... the asshole didn't show up.  I still think highly of him. 




 Before my grandpa died, he was sitting next to me when that music video came on.  He said, "He wrote that song because of his troubled life, and he knew it would be his last."  I thought it was sweet that he felt the song's emotions, I couldn't bring myself to tell him it wasn't written by Johnny.  No music has ever effected my grandpa enough to talk about it.  This definitely is a good one. 




 I enjoy my life in Las Vegas.  When you get away from the strip, we have some beautiful desert landscaping, beautiful master-planned communities, wide open streets and friendly people.  If you *choose* to be on the strip, we have world-class restaurants and hotels;  and don't forget, debauchery of your choosing.

I don't understand all the hate, if I go to North Town off of Fremont, I could find drug addicts.  They are there, they are in lots of cities.  But it's your opinion to hate our region.  For every bad area of the city, there are good. 




 Their ad is much more distasteful. 




 It is so insane that my situation is identical!  Ultrasound Tuesday. Was planning scheduling d c Wednesday.  All day Wednesday (yesterday) was unbearable pain and between huge clots was oceans of blood.  

I opted for the d c to avoid that whole situation :(  but I had the brunt of it naturally.  They did my d c today, no more blood coming out, still have moderate cramps.  

Hugs xoxo, I wouldn't wish this on my worst enemy.  




 I'd like to help you out, but it's really hard to give advice when I can't see what you're working with.  If you can't post a picture, maybe explain your hair's natural texture and desired length.  It sounds like you want some asymmetrical style, and that's cool, just very vague. 




 I agree, you don't see that too often! 




 Expensive window cleaner. 




 Crybaby was always a cult classic to me,  then I watched it recently and I realized how cheesy it is.  I still love it, but I can see where people get the hate from.  I honestly haven't talked to a lot of people that have even seen it. 




 You can't really tell what's going on with the hair color in these pics.  Post pictures that better shows your hair color and we might be able to help more.

Edit:  If it's something you really desire, you should go for it.  There are some cons.  Short haircuts are a lot more maintenance and upkeep and the picture you chose is an intermediate style to achieve on your own.  It might look easy, but it is a little harder than it looks.  It's not impossible though, you should just be prepared. 




 Cherry Poppin' Daddies.  Everyone thinks it's shitty swing revival band, but they span across many genres.  Plus their energy and stage presence are unparalleled.  




 Sometimes toning it when it has a lot of damage makes it mucky looking.  I would let the hair cuticle calm down and do some conditioning treatments before toning.   

There are so many medium blondes that would be gorgeous against your skin tone.  Brass doesn't suit many people.  Dont give up hope! 




 Stop googling!  Lol.  You have a reason to be positive, the heartbeat!  Stay strong mama. 




 Well, what he's saying is she doesn't have to pay til she reaches her destination... where the babysitter could pay for her.  Get it? 




 I'm 11w 6d.  We were so excited today my nurse was giving us a sneak peek, just for fun because my insurance only covers one US per pregnancy.  She looked for 2 seconds and said "it doesn't look 11 weeks, come back tomorrow for a size and dating ultrasound."  :(  

I had one at 8w5d just for fun and it measured fine with a good heartbeat.  But now I'm feeling very sad.  It did look very small, but she didn't try to move around or find a heartbeat.  I'm trying to be realistic and not overly optimistic,  but we will see.


Edit:  Nightmare confirmed, will be scheduling a D C tomorrow, hope to see all you guys in the future sometime.  :( 




 Something pointless happened every two seconds... jesus, it was over the top with the cheap scares. 




 I'm curious of your critique. 




 Vagina bacon knows. 




 Well that's a good point. 




 It's funny because it's fake.  But for the first 10 seconds, my brain thought it was real and I was very sad I just watched someone die. 
























