 Why is The Room so amazing?  




 Are you still in contact with Tommy? Does Tommy actually view the film as a black comedy? Does he hurt ever that people don't take the film seriously as the drama it appears to be? Is Tommy in a relationship? Is he married? How's his sex life?  




 When will the Neighbors Happen? Are you going to be in Foreclosure?  









 How dare he criticize RuPaul's Drag Race.  




 Is Amsterdam seriously that ballin'? 




 that's freaky 




 you're pretty cringe as fuck if you think I'm being sarcastic... you think those people look good? i saved those pics to my computer they were so funny.  




 are you kidding? this is cringe as fuck. look how horrible their cosplay is.  




 "Don't cry because you're getting divorced, smile because you had sex." Something tells me she's never had sex.  




 Who is this guy? I love him. 




 i dunno.. they seem innocent n goofy...  




 super cringe 




 kinda epic tat 




 death penalty come on 




 no, i actually liked their sense of humor... maybe i'm the .7% but i thought it was funny... 




 THIS IS WHERE IT BELONGS. 




 i think there is a hell and it was watching that...  




 It looks like it's going to die soon.  




 u just made me cringe 









 Thank you... The real hipsters pf vancouver - final cut was one of the most cringe things i've ever seen.... "Lena Dunham would be an example of somebody who I basically idolize." 




 the thing that makes it so cringe is when a hipster says he's a hipster and then become like a real hipster and those hipsters are the worst. good hipsters hate being called hipsters but this guy goes vote for t at the end... and his soft spokenness. sooooo bad.  




 GREATEST VIDEO ON THE INTERNET. HANDS DOWN.  




 Kinda amazed by how far he was getting with her. 




 link to videos? would love 2 cringe 




 I LOVE GUYS IN FEDORAS!!! I'VE NEVER SEEN A GOOD LOOKING FEDORA POST 1957! 




 I loved it. I would watch more Simpsons in this style.  




 So good. 




 So much better than the other Everything I Do video. Highlights include any close up of his face, the guy who came out of his dorm and saw that really weird guy making a video and the ending where he turned into a ghost. 10/10  




 I can just hear him saying in Jasper from Family Guy's voice "Girl's Night!" I don't know why. 




 do things get lost in a white hole? i'm uh tell you the same thing, why does it gotta get lost in black hole? why does it get lost in a brown hole? why does it get lost in a black hole? oh, because some scientists said it? is that the reason? i wonder what color those scientists were. Ah. 




 The end when they started playing Thrift Shop was so bad I had to laugh.... and I wish it went longer... 




 i wish i was still deaf was definitely the winning line for me. skinny doom ftw! 




 That was so amazing.  




 This makes me cringe.  




 Yay! Napoleon Hill! (the interesting thing about the sex transmutation thing is that it encourages edging but not ejaculating... if you have a different interpretation let me know.) 




 I actually enjoyed it.  




 24 my ass. 




 Genius. Revolutionary.  




 Do you think they have sex with eachother? 




 I know. I feel really smart now.  




 if it was fake he still ate something out of a murky toilet bowl... and it looked real... and the kid was really weird... it was disgusting regardless.  




 I don't think I will ever see anything more cringe ever. EVER. You have won /r/cringe. 









 I cringed. 




 That was kind of amazing.  




 I can hear Jane lynch in some fucking apatow movie calling somebody a fucking retard.... This is BS.... Retard is not a slur.  




 OMG What a faggot. LOOK AT HER BRACELETS!! 




 I think they might have autism... In another video JB mentions making a documentary about autism... Now I feel kind of shitty for laughing. 




 Everyone's just trying to jock the 90's kids swag. Only 90's kids will get this. 




 That kid pissed me off. I just wanted to punch him. Couldn't even make it through the video.  




 Surrrre they wrote it.  




 Those girls definitely did not play Magic The Gathering. Also, where the fuck was Inspector Gadget? 




 Sooooooo goooood. 




 Did anybody think she sounded a little like Kesha? The other guy's voice was sooooo bad. As was the music and lyrics. Her voice was eh.  




 Please repost this in cringepics somebody. Please. 
 




 Telll me whyyyyy? Why must I cry? Why must I cry? Why?????????? 




 Howard is too funny.  




 Yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 




 She kind of had a post op trans-male Judi Dench vibe. It was interesting.  




 I feel so bad for her.  




 Does he actually think people believe that shit?  




 The pic made me chuckle... 




 You deserve more upvotes. 




 That was actually the worst thing I've ever seen. Ever.  




 I used to think his myspace photos were sickening, and I wanted to love this... but no.... His voice sucks and the lyrics were shit...  




 That's pretty fierce.  




 The Room meets Kill Bill. A must watch. 




 the impression is amazing... but... cringe... 




 I love efukt 




 Literally made me say "What the fuck." 




 I think that was Chris Dorner. 




 I am so sorry for all of you that go to SUNY..... Just wow.... 




 ehh... its just an unpopular opinion so i guess the voice in my head was reluctant to admit how it feels. 




 i think its better. i mean.... taking batman so serious... there are still gaping logic flaws..... in begins... then with dark knight we get heath which is the best thing about the series.... pure genius... and some great scenes... but still... the full package is a little too ultra serious for me.... with too large logic flaws... and then rises.... what a steaming turd that was.... this has my favorite scene when selina kyle goes insane.... danny elfman's score is ridiculously amazing.  




 That might have been the worst thing ever. 




 I've seen waaaaaay worse. 




 whoa.... who the f upvoted this shit? 




 that movie is underrated like crazy. still think it's the best batman film... 




 well... i loved it 




 That was seriously weird... 




 right? 




 i seriously don't see how this is a joke... it's not particularly clever...
 




 wow 




 is it spoiler free? 




 i hope they don't get killed by any drones 




 this kid should audition for american idol or some shit... he had an an amazing voice..... but like.... yeah.... 




 biggest cringe ever 




 maximum cringe level reached.  




 the best is the zelda tattoo lady showing her tits. sooooo cringe 




 Camp Joy from 1:01 - 1:14 was the best thing ever. 




 that was amazing... it was like a cringe video inside of a cringe video 




 same 




 that was amazing. 




 What's with the dub? 




 The photo for that meme is pretty epic. 




 Keep your wife close, but your daughter closer????????? 




 LMAO 




 *CRINGE* 




 that shit aint cringy. that shit true as fffff 




 What is this from? I must see it. 




 I don't find this that WTF... People get obsessive over artists all the times... MJ's music was actually amazing... This just seems like an uber fan collection... Just saying. 




 I kinda feel like all the negative effects from masturbation come after the orgasm. The guilt, the shame, the loss of energy etc... If I edge I feel better than before.  




 I think so but I'd like to hear what you guys think. 




 I want to hear the story about the poop coming out of the vagina.  




 I'm only on my 5th day and last night I had a sex dream which I've basically had only maybe 2 or 3 of in my life... I PMO'd everyday for the past 10 years...  




 I'm sorry but I did not hear Islam is the light. I heard Mmmm-mmmm ei uh ei-light.  




 This seems like some Human Centipede shit to me.... The last photo makes me think the guy performing the operation was not a real doctor... Unless the operation isn't complete in the photos... Srsly WTF. 




 Do you think she got that dress off a Snow White doll from the Disney Store? 




 That's actually the cutest cat I've ever seen.  




 That was one of the greatest reactions to anything I've ever seen.  




 I kinda wanna try it... 




 Oh my goodness. I started yesterday... This shit is so much harder than I thought it would be... I congratulate you on getting so far. You are a true inspiration! 




 Is that real? Please be real. 




 Messed up... Shoulda titled it "Excuse Me! I can't resist!" 









 I agree. This isn't what this subreddit is about to me. When it leaves the confines of your bedroom / private place it becomes total faggotry.  




 Seems pretty real. 




 I thought that was a dildo at first, when I realized what was going on I was like.... W.........T.........F........ 




 I love that your name is Phayded and you're a cop.  



















 So... I can't remember as much detail as I'd like to about these encounters because they happened almost 10 years ago when I was in 8th and 9th grade but I'll tell you everything I remember.
 

I had just begun training to be on freshman football for the upcoming year and everyday after school I would take the bus to the high school I was going to be attending the next year and practiced for several hours with a small group of other 8th graders. Practice would end each day around 5:30 and most of the guys would have rides by 6. Not me. My parents have been notorious for picking me up late since as far back as I can remember.


I was sitting in front of the gym at the high school on my Sidekick 2 AIMing with some friends while waiting to be picked up but not expecting to be for at least an hour or more. There were still around 15 - 20 high school kids still waiting to be picked up hanging out in front of the gym but they were sitting on large steps about 30 yards from where I was. I was a shy little 8th grader so I sat alone on a brick stoop on the the sidewalk waiting to get picked up.


It was now around 6:20 when I noticed sitting about 20 yards down the stoop to the left of me was another person. I could tell he was African American and in kind of dorky cheap looking thrift-shop quality clothing but that was all I could see from the distance. I assumed he was just a high school student.  So I went back to my phone and continued chatting with my friends waiting for my parents to pick me up. It was probably now around 6:45 and the sun was beginning to go down. A lot of the kids had gone home. This was at the end of the school year so there weren't many Athlete's at school late. I think at the time all team sports had ended. I noticed that the guy was now sitting on the big steps right in front of the gym where the high school kids would sit, but alone, estranged, almost as if he was trying to blend in with the other kids even though he was not friends with them. I just assumed he was some dork or loser who wished he had friends.


I went back to my phone for a little and then decided to look behind to see how many kids were still left when I saw he was looking at me. When he saw I had looked at him he quickly looked away. I thought... "Oh, that was just one of those simple awkward moments when you accidentally lock eye contact with somebody. Totally innocent.." But I still hadn't gotten a good look at his face. 


Now, about another 20 minutes passed and it was now almost completely dark. The street lights had come on. A few kids were still around, but not many. The guy gets up and now comes and sits on the brick stoop I'm sitting on and is now maybe only 15 feet away, and I can now get an actual good look at him. He was much older, maybe early thirties, light skinned, mildly overweight with short curly light brown hair. He had a real innocent boyish looking face but you could tell he was older. He had light blue eyes too. I got really creeped out at this moment but then thought, maybe he just seems older and is just a high school student. Maybe I'm being too paranoid. I saw he had no backpack, to which I then thought, Oh, it's probably on the big steps. He wasn't right next to me, he was probably just a high school kid I thought. 


So, now at this point there's only 2 kids still waiting to get picked up, besides me and this creepy guy. I realize he keeps looking at me and smiling like he's trying to get my attention. I look at him and I smile, just to be nice because at this point I've convinced myself he's a student. He smiles back. Nothing happens. I'm relieved, he didn't attack me or even start talking to me. He then sits there, constantly shaking his head back and forth smiling, and like rubbing his upper thighs on top of his jeans. This goes on for about 15 minutes and I message my friends about this weird guy and how "funny" it is. I really thought he was probably just some unfortunate high school kid who looked much older than he actually is... That's until the last 2 kids waiting to get picked up leave. I remember them just walking down the street instead of getting into a car and me being left alone with what I thought might be a pedophile. About a minute passed and he came and sat right next to. Our thighs were touching. My heart started racing a million miles a second. He kept rubbing his leg in a sexual way when he sat next to me.


"Can I help you?" I asked in a harsh tone that implied he was it my personal space. 


"Can we be friends?" he said with a sinister grin


I got scared and got up and started running with my backpack on. I ran to a hotel 5 blocks from where I was because I was so freaked out. I could tell he wasn't a student, but I had the security of the other students nearby in case anything happened so I could just ignore his ominous presence. When I saw him looking at me from a distance and then slowly creeping up to me, it just felt so weird I didn't care if he was just some losery guy, which I later realized he wasn't... But after that moment I felt I might have been a little mean. Like, what if that guy actually, wanted to be friends, and I just made him feel like the ultimate loser by running away because he has no social skills? This lingered with me for a little bit until after seeing this guy some places a few more times I realized, A. He was not a student of my high school and B. He was not the age of students in high school. 


--------------


So the first thing I'll say is, this man was very memorable. His face, his look, the whole experience. When I saw him again I was sure it was him. I could undoubtedly pull him out of a line up of lookalikes, nobody looks like him, he just had this creepy aura about him. Very very very creepy. I saw him 2 more times after the first time and I remembered all his weird little mannerisms. I say this because I know he was not a student at the high school at the time or anytime after because I went to the high school and never saw him, and because of the following encounter... 


So, it was my freshman year of high school and it was Homecoming night. I wasn't on the Varsity team so I was in the crowds with some friends. I had some older friends and they asked if I wanted to leave the game and go to the park nearby and smoke some weed. I said yeah and we walked to the park about a block from my school. When we got there one of the older guys pulled out a joint and we all started smoking it. It was one of my first times getting high so I really enjoyed it. We were all starting to feel the effects of the Marijuana and started to become more giggly and joyful. We decided we wanted to go play on the swings and go on the jungle gym. 


So we started toward the kiddie area where we weren't expecting to see anyone but did... A  lone figure was sitting on one of the swings just kicking his feet in the dirt. At first we assumed it just another high school student but as we got closer we saw it wasn't another student, it was the creepy guy! I quickly said to everyone "Oh, my, God, I think that guy is a pedophile or rapist or something, I swear, last year I swear he was like checking me out or something and then like asked me to be his friend but I ran away." One of the older guys said "That guy is definitely a pedophile." I asked them "Have you ever seen that guy at the high school before?" and they said "No, that guy's like 35." These were current Seniors, so I knew he hadn't graduated the year before, you would recognize him for looking so much older, he's just some creeper who hangs around the high school. I remembered how bad I felt for him when I thought he might have just been some horrible loser who wanted friends, but then I thought there was probably something more sinister at play. I wasn't the only one who thought he was a little too old to be hanging out around high school kids... So, we decided to go play at another end of the park because this guy was too creepy. 


--------------


The last time I saw him was later that year, when I think about it it still gives me the chills. It wasn't as if he had actually done anything to me accept look at me, smile, and ask to be friends... He never assaulted me or nor did I ever see him assault anyone, so, it's not like I could ever report him for anything... But this was the creepiest for me. I went to the Public Library after school one day to do homework because I had had a lot of work culminating over time and I was going to force myself to finish it all before I left the library... or so I thought. I went to the back where it's very academic. About 16 tables, everybody working in pure silence, lots of shhhh's, lots of hard work getting done.


I sit down at one of the only two free seats. Everybody is absorbed in whatever work they were doing. I remember the man across from me looked like a homeless African American man writing a screenplay by hand on notebook paper. "That's awesome" I thought. I assumed it was probably really interesting... whether it was crazy or genius, the screenplay of a homeless man would be an interesting read... But then I stopped thinking about that because I noticed somebody in the computer section just beyond the section I was in. It was the creepy guy and he was using a computer 30 feet away from me. Just then a woman came and sat next to me. I can't remember the details of who she was but I do remember the relief of the open seat next to me being filled. I began to feel safe like I did the first day I saw this man. 


I began to start my History assignments, I was safe in public, and best of all.. he couldn't get near me. I had gotten a good thirty minutes into reading when I noticed at another table the creepy guy had sat down and started to do some work. I tried to ignore it and just think to myself he was just a sad guy with really bad social skills trying to better himself at the library. (I hoped) He probably didn't even notice me. The library was still packed. I was safe... So I went back to work and tried to ignore any thoughts I had of this man and focus on my History... That's when it happened. About an hour after creepy guy sat down to start his work the woman who had been sitting next to me started to put her stuff away. She packed her books into her purse and left. The seat next to me was free, as were many others. I thought, "How creepy would that be if that guy came and sat next to me... Nah... that won't happen... he has a seat. That would be super creepy and suspicious. There's no way that's gonna happen." And then it happened. He picked up all the stuff he was working on and came and sat down right next to me. He even had a big smile while he did so.  He came to my table and sat next to me. I looked at him for one second and he had a creepy smile on his face as he was looking at me. It scared the living shit out of me. I quickly stood up. Grabbed my book and notes, shoved them in my backpack and quickly fast walked to the entrance of the library.  


I never went back to the library again after that day and always made sure I only hung around groups in public places. Luckily I never saw the man again. But in that moment, when he sat next to me, I knew he had been watching me... For how long, who knows? Waiting... Hoping for something... For what? Something I'm glad I'll never know...

TL;DR: When I was 14   15 a much older creepy man watched me from afar and slowly got closer to me until he sat down right next to me scaring me so much that I would run away. Once after school when I was the only kid there waiting to be picked up by parents in the dark many hours after school had ended, and once at the public library where he knew I was afraid of him. 


































 What girls? As friends? He's like definitely gay. As in homo-sexual.  




 omg i must have this 




 gorgeous 




 OMG I NEED THESE. CAN SOMEBODY PLEASE OOK ME UP WITH A TORRENT OR SOMETHING. THIS IS THE BEST THING EVER AND 100% BETTER THAN THE NETFLIX VERSION. TAKE NOTE NETFLIX RE-EDIT IT.  




 WHAT THE FUCK 




 His eyes are so dead. I'm sad for him. He knows he officially sold his soul with this one.  




 I used to watch Nickelodeon everyday from maybe 4 - 12 (maybe 11)... WTF happened.  




 WHERE DO I BUY THIS?!?!?!! 




 freaky ass shit.  




 This should be illegal.  




 Is there a TShurt? 




 College.  




 Why? 




 SUCH PRETTY COLORS 




 his sex tape was released himself HELLO 




 I don't care for P-Hound.  




 I loved the living shit out of this movie when I was 8. Haven't seen it in forever, wonder if I'll still like it.  




 So far, INCREDIBLE. Like... I really don't know what it is but I've laughed more in this first episode than I laughed the entire 15 episodes I watched on Netflix. A few of the edits are a little jarring in a way, but not so much so. LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE IT. Wish this could be the way they delivered it. Thank you so much!!!!!! 




 SOOOOOO CUTE!!!!!!!!! 




 I hope she's on All Stars 2... :D 


Oh the shade of it all! 




 In other news, who agrees with Ru? Did always really need to be in all capitals? Is it ALWAYS, Ru? Always? I can't really tell. Wanna know what y'all think.  




 What'd Amanda say? 




 Edged n came... Kinda fell off the bandwagon then back on and off... On a good streak right now... Really not planning on relapsing this time. Feels just like when I went on my first thirty day streak. Hopefully I can make it to 50 days this time. 




 At first I thought it was QWOP holding a hammer.  




 Love. 




 I hope someday a studio like them or they themselves will make amazing games like they did.  




 ugh.... i love these movies.... really want more even if they blow.  




 Holy shit bro. I'm inspired.  




 They could do it Kill Bill style and Johnny wakes up from a coma. Lisa, guilt ridden decides to go back to Johnny who is happy because Lisa is the love of his life. She then gets sick of him again and starts more crazy bullshit leading to... Another tragedy... 

Or Greg n Lisa have to raise Denny to honor the memory of Johnny. Tommy could play a different character with some prosthetics and not be Johnny. We need more Tommy nudity though.  




 Sad but true. I think focusing on only a few characters at a time killed it.  




 Am I the only one who might give this a shot? Some of the shots were beautiful. All the nudity is a bit jarring and the director seems to be a provocateur but it definitely looked like it had some potential.  




 I was dissapointed :( I wanted to see a faces of meth person doing duckface. :(:(:(:( 




 what game is this? 




 I think we need to call Maury in for this one.  




 Funniest boobs ever. 




 ..but... they have to be trolling right? i mean... they were paying homage to Friday right??? RIGHT???? 




 Wow. Worst analogy EVER. I'd consider sex with someone you love as a good restaurant and fast food as hooker sex. But still I'm not making the example. I find sex with prostitutes is always unfulfilling, whereas sex with a consensual partner is the best thing ever.  




 You sir are an inspiration. What has been the biggest change you've notice about yourself? What do you think is the best thing NoFap has brought you? What advice to you have to those who have time struggling with their addiction and wonder why should I keep going? How do / did you make it through those particularly difficult days... Have you almost ever lost out edging?  




 Have you remained a virgin by choice or what do you think it is? Confidence, looks, no time, religion...? 600 days on hard mode. Wow. I salute you, good sir.  




 Edging becomes addictive and its what lead me to relapse today after 35 days. Its good you didnt orgasm but don't edge either. 




 After 35 days... Kinda pissed... But at the same time... Astonished. 

Pros: 

-Proud I made it this far. 

-Biggest cum shot and amount of cum I've ever had and I was in astonishment that I could actually cum that much and was soo happy, it was almost worth the relapse for me. 

-I jacked it one more time about 30 minutes later just to see if the cum shot would be as impressive and it was exactly like the first. I used to shoot blanks all day everyday.. Now I had like 5 table spoons worth. I had to change my clothes and shower. Kind of amazing. 

Cons:

-Kinda sad and lethargic... Wish I could have kept it going. 

-Gotta reset my badge and instead of being 55 days away from 90 I'm now 90 days away from 90... 

I'm starting up again because I can already feel the energy depletion from those two jerkin seshes but whatever. I made it super far once already, it was fun and a BIG learning experience. Definitely don't want to be a PMO'er, but 35 days is a freakin long time and a great start. I've lost 25 pounds since I started NoFap, and I'm starting up again right now because when I'm not masterbating I'm doing more productive things so I just wanted to put this all on here to keep myself honest and accountable. Wish you all the best of luck! 




 Truer words have never been typed. 




 Thanks :) 




 On shrooms I saw the devil's face over my face and it freaked me the fuck out.  




 FUCK YA 




 Napoleon Hill's been dead forever.... Love TNGR n have tried to master my sexual beast ever since reading it. NoFap has helped so much. 




 If she'll be here in lets say 30 days (or hopefully more)... Why not wait out till then...  




 What's the difference between hard mode and easy mode?  




 Awww... This made me a little sad but the thing is, a lot of guys are in different boats. Some guys have girlfriends already, some guys are really good looking, some guys are not, some guys want to stop fapping for more confidence, some guys want to stop fapping for religious reasons, some guys want to stop fapping just because it's a waste of time, some guys want to stop fapping because they think it will help them get with girls. I'm not going to say which boat I'm in because I don't want anybody to think that this is another self ego stroking post as some of the posts in this subreddit are, but I will say I have seen good things happen in my life in the past 27 days of nofap and I consider nofap a major reason for so.  




 Holy shit.... 









 Yeah... I just fooled around for three hours n have several dates lined up this week... Kinda crazy how this first date ended with kissing which led to groping which led to dry humping, mutual head giving n constant kissing. I've never had an experience like this before. I had to share with you guys how natural and easy everything felt... And because we didnt have pentrative sex i said I'd rather have more dates n get to know eachother better so we dont ruin our relationship early by just hooking up. We got clothed n I didn't cum. I feel great n know I can do even better... Yayyyyy for NoFap.

Edit: sorry the title is stupid... If a mod could change it to 'not even thirty days in...'... Thanks :) 




 I survived.... Feeling less horny n actually have two dates next week..... 




 This is the horniest slash desperate I've ever been. I need some support guys... I'm on the edge.  




 SWEET BROWN ISN'T A 2012 THING. SWEET BROWN IS A FOREVER THING.  




 No, you lost to yourself. 

 




 Proud of you bro. 




 Now kiss! 




 10/10 would cringe again 




 *Jealous*

Thanks for more inspiration! 




 WILLAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 




 So true. 




 Things that give me hope: straight guys who love RuPaul's Drag Race. 




 Bad tattoo but I still love it omg 




 This is a good little slave....


Also imagine what princess Mandy actually makes him do. She probably beats the shit out of him and makes him roll around in his own feces. This is a slave fetish. 




 Fake, look at the poster names. 




 Yeah, SA is pretty disgusting. And they make fun of you when you say you we're addicted to master bating. They don't think there's anything wrong with that, or at least at the meetings I've gone to.  




 Drink Zenify. Best drink ever. 




 Are you Napoleon Dynamite? 




 There should be a 12 step FA (fappers anonymous) or MA (masterbators anonymous) or PA (porn anonymous) program. For real. I would go. 




 True dat. 




 It's interesting how coherent and concise this post was... Just saying.. Gonna keep going. I already know NoFap isn't a placebo.  




 I don't know if there is a NoFap forum but if there is could somebody link me? If not I think we should start one. Reddits great but lacks the personalness a forum can have. Thanks, Fapstronauts! 




 Sounds fun. 




 Genius.  




 That would work. This meme doesn't get the meme imho.  




 I feel like this would be better if it was like "one does not simply feel crappy after relapse." Implying you feel horrible.  




 Hope it's Jinkx's crown. She's the SUPAH STAH.  




 Yeah.... but... she's really not that spectacular to me. She's funny but not nearly as funny as Jinkx. I really don't think Alaska has something more than Jinkx. She really doesn't. If anybody has the X/WOW/It Factor... It's Jinkx for me. But to each his own. I love Alaska... I'm just goo goo for Jinkxy.  




 Awwwwww mang. Wish I still lived in NYC.  




 Where did u buy tickets? 




 Loved it. 




 "So, Alaska, why do you deserve to win...? " - "Uh... Star quality... The X Factor."

I cringed. Go Jinkx.
 




 Yeah, I want to go. All my dreams will come true.  




 Why are you comparing these 2? Yeah... and freakin Adele rapes both their asses. Big whoop.  




 Fuck Hitler.  




 anybody else find this little bit about jinkx just a little hokey? she always brings it so i feel like she shouldn't be so nervous. i wish she wouldn't be so... afraid i guess. besides that she's still my favorite queen this season.  




 You probably wouldn't have gotten on a date if it wasn't for NoFap... Also, this story was painfully awkward.  




 Same... 




 So I have a house keeper who comes to the house 4 days a week and has known me for a really long time.. Today I came downstairs around noon and I started to talk to her and she said, "What are you doing? You look so good." I laughed and pretended like I didn't know what she was talking about but in the back of my mind I was like NoFap... It made me happy and I was surprised she could see what seemed like a significant change in just one week. I've had boatloads of more energy, it's kind of crazy and I've almost beaten my previous no fap record which was 8 days. I've been a chronic masterbator since I was 12, 23 now. Typical day consisted of 5-10 PMO sessions. The best compliment she gave me was that I look younger. Only day 7! Can't wait to see what life has in store for me, I'm done with PMO for good!  




 Who the fuck names their turtle Adolf?? 




 All things /r/Athiesm 




 Can I be a part even though I already started several days ago? By the way, the urge has been there but I've said no because I can come here and read the success stories so many other people on this subreddit have had. It's kept me going strong and even though it's not the longest I've gone without orgasming (8 days), it's the longest I've gone without edging. I haven't edged once since I started and I've already gotten so much stuff I've been putting off literally forever done and I feel amazing... And I think I'm only on day 5! 




 I kind of love this tattoo. I had a Sidekick 2 which is what this is...  




 A lot of the comments and this entire posting were pretty science heavy which was a bit confusing to me but I see a lot of people agreeing with the PhD (PhD is doctor of Philosophy, not Medical... so he's not a Medical doctor FYI...)... There are many doctors, especially PhDs, who think they're experts in something but they're incorrect about many things.. (I don't want to have that discussion so if you expect a response from me talking about it, I'm really not going to go there, I've dealt with a lot of PhD's in my time.) Anyway... What I wanted to say was to the people who agree with the science this PhD has supposedly presented in that NoFap has nothing to do with our chemical make up being negatively affected by masterbating and all to do with just having the novel need to end the habit I have to throw in my 2 cents... Yes, I want to stop masterbating but it is because I don't like the way I feel after my body goes through the physical chemical change of orgasming alone. I get groggy, hungry, unmotivated and as a result guilty and begin self loathing... To me this is 100% chemical. I'm sure if you did case studies you would find that orgasming decreases energy and concentration... As a result if you are addicted you aren't ever going to get anything done with your life. That's the truth to me, it's not just about some habit I want to get rid of. It's chemical. I don't know if it's dopamine or something else but I know my body goes through a dramatic chemical change during sex (whether with just me or another) and significantly afterwards.  




 You're retarded. 




 I agree.... I thought she was pretty good. I couldn't do that. 




 I would believe this. 




 I've tried for years to edge and not finish but it was literally impossible for me... Everytime I would ejaculate and feel retarded and depressed after. This time I'm completely giving up edging.  




 So not cringe it's a joke... When I was 8 I would have watched THE SHIT out of this.  




 I just want to start punching him and say NO. THIS IS NOT OKAY.  




 Link... please... I'd be so much less disturbed if I saw him getting pounded by a big black cock....  




 No, go to the sidebar and message the bot, it will ask you to input a date and then about 2 or 3 hours later you'll have a badge next to your name.  




 I upvoted this for I liked the content of its message. That is all.  




 She has to be trolling. Please be trolling. Please for the sake of my childhood and all that is holy be trolling.  




 How has your life changed in these 64 days???? I want all the T! (Btw the thing says I have 111 days but I really have 5... I fell off the wagon after going on 7 days and having my first date which got a little sexual conversation wise and when I got home I masterbated... I fucked it up in our texts the next day and didn't even realize until a few days ago... I still really like him but when it comes to love/sex/relationships I'm always in a post cumming haze.... I hope I can get him to go on another date with me cause he has responded to some of my texts.... Ugh... When I get hard the urge to just touch n massage gets so strong then it feels so good it hurts to stop... Any advice would be great...) 




 This was more MorbidReality for me.  




 I'm scared. 




 Come on, you have to relate to this. 




 I was gonna upvote but you're at 42 so it felt wrong.  




 Omg cringe.  




 I found that kid awesome.  




 Oh, hi Mark, AMA, ha? 




 I think Garner thinking snuck isn't a word is more cringe.  




 Casem or Kassem or however the fuck you spell this twat's name always makes me cringe. Almost as much as that Philip DeFranco however you spell his name cunt.  









 I don't know why... But we were watching it and  right off the bat she was like... "Oh I love San Francisco... I can't wait to go back..." And then later when we were all laughing she was silent and after maybe the third sex scene I said "Do you like it?" cause I was afraid she thought it was just bad and I forced her to watch a movie as bad as The Room but she said "No... I love it..." Even though we loved it for other reasons... I also saw a video once of people leaving a screening at an NYC theatre who actually liked the movie legitimately... Not ironically either... I think they were watching it as part of a film festival in early 04 or 03... Oh, also, the woman's favorite movie is A Clockwork Orange... but come on... O HAI DOGGIE 




 looks sooo gooood 




 It's too Batman Begins for me... I just want Schumacher.  




 I heard it was so they didn't have to rack focus for lighting...  




 Here's a torrent link... http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/3317759/threads_%28nuclearwarmovie_conflict_discharge_crass%29_avi 




 You've only seen it FOUR TIMES!!!!??????? WTF!!!! I'VE SEEN IT LIKE 40...! 




 I WANNA BE HYPNOTIZED LIKE THIS!!!! 




 Almost sure he's Persian... Might be Armenian.  




 Awww.... Well if it's any consolation to him... My mom has a friend who is a very educated woman from Paris who watched The Room and didn't think it was funny and legitimately liked it... She didn't really care about the technical errors... She said she loved the drama.  




 What about Foreclosure? What do you know about it?  




 Yes... and I think I'm going to cry if you actually think I'll never see it... I want to learn about The Neighbors and the Princess and all the characters... Especially Tommy's.... WHY HASNT ANYBODY GREENLIT THIS????? ughhhhhhhh 
























