 thank you very much for your "2 cents". :) 
  




 Hello everybody :) 

This topic really keeps playing on my mind right now, but I didn't really wanted to post this question on facebook to get some answers. So I thought, why not ask my infp fellows here on reddit? It's the best place on earth!

Now sarcasm seems to be something where opinions tremendously differ on: 
For some, sarcasm is extremly hurtful and with always a bad intention, an expression of verbally sadistic, narcisstic people (now don't get me wrong, this is definitely not my opinion). 
For others, it's a way of communication, with which the sarcastic person is playing down his/her emotions verbally (to the outside), but still kind of hurt inside. By being sarcastic and playing down the feelings, the person is trying to kind of protect himself/herself from negative reactions.(Can you see this as an introverts trait?)
But for some it just seems to be a humorous style with no bad intentions, or even an awesome kind of humor! 

Please tell me what **you** think of it! :) Maybe you have a totally different opinion on sarcasm! I'm extremely curious to hear. :) 

(I apologise in advance for any mistakes! Unfortunately, English is not my native language.) 




 Sounds awesome! I'm glad for you. :) 




 This helps me, too. :) Also, darkening the room and lots of fresh air! 
























 Oh I know exactly what you mean!
Some people do that to me sometimes, too. "Acting above me" as you described it. I actually think that's quite disrespectful to treat someones feelings this way, since they are what they are and there's always a reason why they are there. They are part of who you are and I think, no one should laugh at you. I also think, that this is not a good way to make somebody trust you. (Don't know if that makes sense outside of my head.)

When you play along, do you sometimes also think, that people think you're kind of stupid or silly things like that? 

There's no need to be sorry. :) Everything's fine. 




 Yes, I also think it should be used a little bit cautiously. :) 




 Thank you so much for sharing your opinion!
I agree that it takes not that much to be plain sarcastic, but more to put sarcasm sophisticatedly to use.
Overall I still think, "plain sarcasm" shouldn't be taken too seriously, when it's not used in a harming way. 




 Interesting thoughts! Thank you very much for sharing and complementing on my English. :) 
























