 He's done the math. 




 That was McClatchy's original title for the article. 




 Maybe it was done by some of those 'suiciders' our dear leader is always referring to. 




 $4/gal gas. 




 I am surprised they didn't say it was AQ's #2 man... again. 




 Deployment of second carrier to Gulf a 'reminder': Gates
http://afp.google.com/article/ALeqM5j5riBuUnY0-5eeIMYI9tvU2XrDNA
 




 Then why won't he make them public? 




 Is Florida evolving slower? 




 But he can still make them public... along with his medical records. 




 The media's double standard continues... 




 They are trying to out fox Fox. 




 Or *Lancelot Link: Secret Chimp* 




 So one justifies the other? 




 And so, so long as I'm the President, my measure of success is victory and success. 




 Families is where our nation finds hope, where wings take dream. 




 Rarely is the question asked, is our children learning? 




 OBGYN can now practice their love on women. 




 Joe is an ass. 




 McCain being the worst. 




 Maybe they need to review their methodology. 




 damn dirty apes 




 Bush was probably serving hot dogs and hamburgers again anyway. 




 "There's an old saying in Tennessee  I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee  that says, fool me once, shame on  shame on you. Fool me  you can't get fooled again." 




 CSPAN has been showing a tour they took through the museum.  It looks interesting. 




 Send their kids too. 




 $5,000 per second, 24/7 




 So? 




 ...except take the US Constitution off the table. 




 I hear part of it is 'off the table' at least. 




 I, for one, welcome our Industrial Control System Overlords. 




 The surge in to Iran. 




 Patreaus is working on that right now. 




 I hope that wasn't the reason you clicked on it. :) 




 Yes. 




 http://www.google.com/search?client=safari rls=en q=define:ferment ie=UTF-8 oe=UTF-8 




 yes, and there are many. 




 http://www.google.com.au/intl/en/gday/index.html 




 Imagine that, an Alabama sign in the background. 




 He doesn't have a blimp either. 




 The surge is working!!! 




 It's starting to look like *Aruba* Goldberg contraption 




 mmmmm...  primordial ooze.... 




 I put the gas in the gas car and it *Madagascar* go! 




 Will they sell Tatas in Nepal? 




 Gimme one offer, then gimme *Samoa* 




 Will you be buy or *belize*? 




 *Yugo* first, *Australia*.

-I hope i didnt *Benz* The rules- 




 All that's left to do is go to the bar and *Taiwan* on 




 lol, or the studio lights. 




 Wow!  What a shot! 




 Shake your Tatas and *Djibouti* 




 Now with more silicone! 




 Jamaica me crazy. 




 It's good for business. 




 "The U.S. embassy issued a statement saying it had no spies eating cheeseburgers in Belarus." 




 I'll take two!  




 The Iraq occupation costs over $300,000,000 per day. 




 The Bush administration spent $42,000,000 on letters to alert taxpayers to expect rebate checks (bribes) as part of the "economic stimulus" plan.  Everything Bush touches turns to FAIL! 




 How much do you weigh? 




 McLame 




 Don't you think 10 minutes is a little generous? 




 In the name of oil. 




 Yeah, I first saw it in the New York Behind-the-Times. 




 IMPEACH! 




 "Do they care if we elect a Know-Nothing to lead us?" - Wasn't Bush their guy? 




 Only problem is, now he makes appearances throughout the day.  Before, we knew exactly when to change the channel, now, his dumb ass could pop up at any time. 




 Caption associated with the picture:  "I snapped a photo of this sticker in one of the restrooms at Ritual Coffee Roasters in San Francisco's Mission District. There used to be one just like it posted above a small hole in the wall in the other restroom. That sticker was removed though once the hole was patched to, er, block the camera's lens." 




 Sad, isn't it. 




 Blimp/Corvair '08! 




 Once again, Dick lives up to his name. 




 Did you forget to say that? 




 ...and had the most bed bug infestations. 




 You should try watching the news. 




 Cool, but where's his iPod? 




 so true 




 Daddy paid a lot for that D. 




 How did the Iraq war give 'whiny conspiracy trolls' a voice on the internet? 




 Being stupid fits right in with BushCo. 




 If hypocrisy were illegal, think of all the politicians that would have to go to jail.  It's up to Americans to not re-elect the hypocrites.  Don't get me wrong, I don't condone what Spitzer did and I'm not saying that it wasn't hypocritical of him, but it is a sex "scandal."  




 It looks like it might be Cupertino, CA in the lower left corner of the image. 




 I think they've been hiding him in one of those super-secret-torture prisons. 




 At least it wasn't a sperm whale. 




 One Year After the Surge, 15 of 18 benchmarks fail.  http://www.americanprogress.org/issues/2008/01/benchmark.html
 




 HAHAHAHAHHAH 




 Blame Bush, not the soldiers.  The blood is on his hands, Cheney's hands, and all their minions and enablers. 




 So I should choose one life over another? 




 Unlike you, I am not choosing one life over the another.  ALL the killing must end, none are irrelevant. 




 "Military casualties are irrelevant." - tell that to their families.
 




 Let's move the goal posts. 




 Picture of the building: http://images.usatoday.com/Wires2Web/20080314/465302133_Swastika_Buildingx-large.jpg 




 Tony Lukes!! 




 Satan knows too. 




 Well, if it's at Geno's, they won't be able to show off their Espaol. 




 I smell bail-out! 




 'simple' as in 'simply a moran' 




 No child left behind... 




 So true.  The calls and faxes DO work, they do make a difference! 




 Yayz, thems is lurnin. 




 Pressured by the bold and super-brave george bush and deferment dick. 




 Sadly, it's a punch line in the gut :( 




 No real oversight though, just a facade of oversight - just as in everything run by BushCo. 




 Poor Bush, he had a little tantrum on the teevee this AM saying how the terrists win if big business has to follow the rule of law.  Bush is a joke. 




 Fuck Bush.  No more corporate handouts or get-out-of-jail-free. 




 Everyone is supposed to send them directly to Halliburton for proper disposal. 




 This our throne
We call our own
We like to keep it neat.

So please be kind
With you're behind
And don't get your ass stuck in the seat! 




 Because are children is learning. 




 Or else she didn't give a shit. 




 He should be McCains running mate.  May come in handy. 




 Know your enemy. 




 You are correct. 




 Yeah, this news isn't suspicious at all coming right after "no iran war on my watch" Fallon's 'resignation.'  We didn't hear things like this leading up to the Iraq war either.   




 Halliburton 




 ...and on the 8th day, he created war.  War without end aaaAAAAAaaaAAaaAAamen. 




 Still no word from Vitter or Craig... 




 I am sure Halliburton is the only company big enough to pull off a project that big. 




 Because republicans are held to a more lenient standard.  Why no impeachment call for Vitter or Craig or any other of the many many corrupt republicans? 




 WoooHooooo!!!! 




 Does this mean we have to learn kung-fu? 




 Vitter... 




 I wonder if Fox News will put an 'R' next to his name. 




 Or Cheney would nominate himself as VP...   again. 




 You are letting him off too easy. 




 Rove deserves to be treated as he treats others.  That is maybe just a taste of what he got. 




 I guess just wishful thinking. 




 :0===I 




 Did the dems even get off the bench yet?  Are they dressed for the game? 




 Last term Lieberman. 




 It's a political move (big shock).  Hey look!  GWB is giving you free money!!  I guess they're sending the letters out to make 100% sure the bribe gets out before the election. 




 "killer" as in "kill myself" 




 They need a playground monitor. 




 Now that's just sloppy campaigning.  Conceding the Monster vote to your opponent this early in the race?  Please.  Pennsylvania hasn't even voted yet. 




 asshole in one 




 He's the Drciderer of the free world! 




 George W Bush: Our first chimpanzee president. 




 Goose is still dead though. 




 Either one of them is leaps and bounds better than McCain. 




 "What? Over? Did you say 'over'? Nothing is over until we decide it is! Was it over when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor? Hell no! And it ain't over now! 'Cause when the going gets toughthe tough get going! Who's with me? Let's go!What the fuck happened to the Delta I used to know? Where's the spirit? Where's the guts? Huh? This could be the greatest night of our lives, but you're going to let it be the worst. 'Oh, we're afraid to go with you, Bluto. We might get in trouble.' Well, just kiss my ass from now on! Not me! I'm not gonna take this! Wormer? He's a dead man. Marmalard? Dead! NIEDERMAYER!" 




 Whatever Rove/Cheney tell him to believe. 




 Are they sure that was an avalanche and not one of our Evil Martian Dust Overlords?  




 I guess we will have to buy Pelosi a new table to put that on. 




 They would have to rename it Leavenworthless being as that bush is a worthless sack of doodie. 




 Making shopping carts to hold Chinese-made goods? 




 The fungus is among us. 




 Good point.  I just want it to be over. 




 I heard that yeasterday. 




 Clinton team vows to fight on after Ohio, Texas
http://rawstory.com/news/afp/Clinton_team_vows_to_fight_on_after_03022008.html
 




 BREAKING FoxNuze:  Why does Hillary hate Black Fungus? 




 When it rains, it spores.  Just one question -- will they be among us? 




 ooooh, I'm lichen that! 




 All hail Fungus! 




 Venom 




 so sorry McCain... 




 I never sausage a drink. 




 She will find herself in a pickle. 




 i relish the puns 




 Republicans taking the survey will be confused. They won't know what "pro-choice" means. It should be phrased: "Baby killing America hating Commie Terrorist pro-abortion librul" 




 You're right, my bad. 




 Go Nader? 




 Shhhhhhhhhh! 




 I want my baby back.

(ribs)

(bbq sauce) 




 Great tool!  We need our press back. 




 The batteries can be replaced in all the devices you mention. 




 Waaaa! Leave Apple alone!!1!!  waaaaaaah... 




 It must just have been a ummm...   errrr....  coincidence? 




 It was a misquote.  What he said was "personal free dumbs." 




 ...and the corruption 




 They're all crooks. 




 That's Tagg, Matt, Josh, Ben and Craig's inheritance money! 




 So you think they should die? 




 You cared enough to comment. 




 your name and your comment don't match 




 By "make the world a better place," I assume you mean "make the world a better place for Halliburton and Exxon."  -- because that is what he has done, at our peril.  

Where's OBL? 
























 Caption:

Successful Flight Through Enceladus Plume
The Cassini spacecraft has weathered the Monday, Nov. 2, 2009, flyby of Saturns moon Enceladus in good health and has been sending images and data of the encounter back to Earth. Cassini had approached Enceladus more closely before, but this passage took the spacecraft on its deepest plunge yet through the heart of the plume shooting out from the south polar region. Scientists are eagerly sifting through the results.

In this unprocessed image, sunlight brightens a crescent curve along the edge of Saturn's moon Enceladus and highlights its misty plume. The image was captured by Cassini's narrow-angle camera as the spacecraft passed about 190,000 kilometers (120,000 miles) over the moon. This image has not been validated or calibrated. A validated/calibrated image will be archived with the NASA Planetary Data System in 2010. 

At its closest point on Nov. 2, Cassini flew about 100 kilometers (60 miles) above the surface of Enceladus.

Since the discovery of the plume in 2005, scientists have been captivated by the enigmatic jets. Previous flybys detected water vapor, sodium and organic molecules, but scientists need to know more about the plumes composition and density to characterize the source, possibly a liquid ocean under the moons icy surface. It would also help them determine whether Enceladus has the conditions necessary for life.

Mission managers did extensive studies to make sure the spacecraft could fly safely through the plumes and not use an excessive amount of propellant.

Image Credit: NASA/JPL/Space Science Institute 




 Caption:

Test Stand A-2 Peering Out from the Fog
At Stennis Space Center, three large engine test stands were built the early 1960s to test the first and second stages of the Apollo Saturn V rocket that carried Americans to the moon. Since 1975, the test stands have supported testing of the Space Shuttle main engines. The last planned test was conducted in July of 2009.

In this photo, the A-2 Test Stand peered out from a thick blanket of fog during the early morning hours of Oct. 28, 2009. This photo was taken from the top of the B Test Stand.

The A-1 and A-2 test stands are transitioning to support J-2X engine testing for the Constellation Program, while the B-1/B-2 test stand will support stage testing. For the first time since the 1960s, a new test stand, called A-3, is under construction with a scheduled completion date of 2011. The A-3 test stand will be 300 feet tall and will enable engineers to conduct simulated high-altitude testing up to 100,000 feet. 

Photo Credit: NASA/SSC/Allen Forsman, Pratt and Whitney Rocketdyne 




 in-DUH-visible 




 Caption:
Spirit Embedded in Soft Soil on Mars as Engineers Devise Methods to 'Free Spirit'
This view from the panoramic camera on NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit shows the terrain surrounding the location called "Troy," where Spirit became embedded in soft soil during the spring of 2009. The hundreds of images combined into this view were taken beginning on the 1,906th Martian day (or sol) of Spirit's mission on Mars (May 14, 2009) and ending on Sol 1943 (June 20, 2009). 

Near the center of the image, in the distance, lies Husband Hill, where Spirit recorded views from the summit in 2005. For scale, the parallel tracks are about 1 meter (39 inches) apart. The track on the right is more evident because Spirit was driving backwards, dragging its right-front wheel, which no longer rotates. 

The bright soil in the center foreground is soft material in which Spirit became embedded after the wheels on that side cut through a darker top layer. The composition of different layers in the soil at the site became the subject of intense investigation by tools on Spirit's robotic arm.

In recent weeks, Engineers have been using test rovers on Earth to prepare for extracting the sand-trapped Spirit rover. While amnesia-like symptoms in recent days might delay the start of planned drives by Spirit geared towards extricating it, the Mars Exploration Rover team remains hopeful. "If they are intermittent and infrequent, they are a nuisance that would set us back a day or two when they occur. If the condition becomes persistent or frequent, we will need to go to an alternate strategy that avoids depending on flash memory, " said Project Manager John Callas of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory. In these amnesia events, Spirit fails to record data from the day's activities onto the type of computer memory -- non-volatile "flash" memory -- that can retain the data when the rover powers down for its energy-conserving periods of "sleep." 

Spirit has worked on Mars for more than 69 months in what was originally planned as a three-month mission. 




 lol 




 giving palin the shaft 




 Caption: NASA's Ares I-X rocket is seen on Launch Pad 39B at the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla., Monday, Oct. 26, 2009. The flight test of Ares I-X, scheduled for today, Oct. 27, 2009, will provide NASA with an early opportunity to test and prove flight characteristics, hardware, facilities and ground operations associated with the Ares I. 

Image Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 Caption: This high-resolution picture from the HiRISE camera on board the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter shows twisting dark trails criss-crossing light-colored terrain on the Martian surface. Newly formed trails like these had presented researchers with a tantalizing mystery but are now known to be the work of miniature wind vortices known to occur on the red planet, in other words Martian dust devils. Such spinning columns of rising air heated by the warm surface are also common in dry and desert areas on planet Earth. Typically lasting only a few minutes, dust devils become visible as they pick up loose red-colored dust leaving the darker and heavier sand beneath intact. Ironically, dust devils have been credited with unexpectedly cleaning the solar panels of the Mars rovers. 

Image Credit: NASA, HiRISE, MRO, LPL (U. Arizona) 




 Full caption:

Building an Original

Platforms surround the Ares I-X in High Bay 3 of the Vehicle Assembly Building before it was moved to the launch pad on Oct. 20, 2009. Closer in height to the hulking Saturn V moon rockets than the space shuttle, Ares I-X looks unlike any rocket that's ever stood at Launch Complex 39. But it blends familiar hardware from existing programs with newly developed components.

Four first-stage, solid-fuel booster segments are derived from the Space Shuttle Program. A simulated fifth booster segment contains Atlas-V-based avionics, and the rocket's roll control system comes from the Peacekeeper missile. The launch abort system, simulated crew and service modules, upper stage, and various connecting structures all are original.

Image Credit: NASA/Jack Pfaller  




 Full Caption: 

Spirit's Robotic Stretch
NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit recorded this forward view of its arm and surroundings during the rover's 2,052nd Martian day, or sol, on Oct. 11, 2009. 

Bright soil in the left half of the image is loose, fluffy material churned by the rover's left-front wheel as Spirit, driving backwards, approached its current position in April 2009 and the wheel broke through a darker, crusty surface.

Spirit used its front hazard-avoidance camera to take this image. The turret of tools at the end of the rover's robotic arm is positioned with the Moessbauer spectrometer up and the rock abrasion tool extending toward the right. Spirit's right-front wheel, visible in this image, has not worked since 2006. It is the least-embedded of the rover's six wheels at the current location, called "Troy."

Spirit and its twin, Opportunity, have been working on Mars for more than 58 months in what were originally planned as 3-month missions on Mars.

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech  




 Full caption: Friction Stir Weld
This close-up view of the friction stir weld tack tool used to manufacture of space shuttle external tanks shows the process of tack welding barrel panels together. Barrels were previously fabricated using traditional fusion welding, but friction stir welding is different in that the materials are not melted. A rotating tool pin uses friction and applied pressure to join the 20-foot longitudinal panels together. 

Friction stir welding is the most recent upgrade to the space shuttle's external tank, the largest element of the shuttle and the only element that is not reusable. The new welding technique utilizes frictional heating combined with forging pressure to produce high-strength bonds virtually free of defects. Friction stir welding transforms the metals from a solid state into a "plastic-like" state, and then mechanically stirs the materials together under pressure to form a welded joint. Invented and patented by The Welding Institute, a British research and technology organization, the process is applicable to aerospace, shipbuilding, aircraft and automotive industries. One of the key benefits of this new technology is that it allows welds to be made on aluminum alloys that cannot be readily fusion arc welded, the traditional method of welding.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Wolverines! 




 ...in facts. 




 Caption: The Soyuz TMA-14 spacecraft is seen as it lands with Expedition 20 Commander Gennady Padalka, Flight Engineer Michael Barratt, and spaceflight participant Guy Laliberte near the town of Arkalyk, Kazakhstan on Sunday, Oct. 11, 2009. Padalka and Barratt returned from six months onboard the International Space Station, along with Laliberte who arrived at the station on Oct. 2 with Expedition 21 Flight Engineers Jeff Williams and Maxim Suraev aboard the Soyuz TMA-16 spacecraft.  




 caption: Surrounded by medical personnel, seated from left to right are spaceflight participant Guy Laliberte, Expedition 20 Commander Gennady Padalka and Expedition 20 Flight Engineer Michael Barratt.They had landed minutes before at 12:32 a.m. EDT aboard the Soyuz capsule near the town of Arkalyk, Kazakhstan, on Sunday, Oct. 11, 2009. Padalka and Barratt are returning from six months onboard the International Space Station, along with Laliberte who arrived at the station on Oct. 2 with Expedition 21 Flight Engineers Jeff Williams and Maxim Suraev aboard the Soyuz TMA-16 spacecraft.  




 Caption: Layers in the lower portion of two neighboring buttes within the Noctis Labyrinthus formation on Mars are visible in this image from the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment (HiRISE) camera on NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter.  




 This image of NGC 6240 contains new X-ray data from Chandra (shown in red, orange, and yellow) that has been combined with an optical image from the Hubble Space Telescope originally released in 2008. In 2002, Chandra data led to the discovery of two merging black holes, which are a mere 3,000 light years apart. They are seen as the bright point-like sources in the middle of the image.

Scientists think these black holes are in such close proximity because they are in the midst of spiraling toward each other -- a process that began about 30 million years ago. It is estimated that they holes will eventually drift together and merge into a larger black hole some tens or hundreds of millions of years from now. 




 caption: Some of the coldest and darkest dust in space shines brightly in this infrared image from the Herschel Observatory, a European Space Agency mission with important participation from NASA. The image is a composite of light captured simultaneously by two of Herschel's three instruments -- the photodetector array camera and spectrometer with its spectral and photometric imaging receiver. 




 caption:  Marshall Space Flight Center is testing a new robotic lunar lander test bed that will aid in the development of a new generation of multi-use landers for robotic space exploration. The test article is equipped with thrusters that guide the lander, one set of which controls the vehicle's attitude that directs the altitude and landing. On the test lander, an additional thruster offsets the effect of Earths gravity so that the other thrusters can operate as they would in a lunar environment. MSFC is partnered with John Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory and the Von Braun Center for Science and Innovation for this project. 




 yes 




 hypocritic oath? 




 Now they are reporting that this was all just a training exercise.

But on 9/11? During the Pentagon memorial service? If this is true, they're morons.  Maybe they'll fly some more planes over NYC today for some photo ops. 




 Kevorkian has a posse  




 oops 




 Death Panels!  They're gonna kill Grandma!  Socialism! You're gonna pay for abortions for illegals!  He's a Kenyan Muslim! 




 I first read this as: Cheesesteak Ice Cream 




 Kaboom! 




 He should go to Cleveland so he can be part of the Dawg Pound 




 urine trouble 




 gorilla glue is a real product, it's been around for a while.  that being said, there are plenty of other more mainstream brands of glue that zell could have used to make his point. 




 the suspect was killed 




 Will not run for another purchased Senate seat. 




 http://www.google.com/ 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_Tour_de_France#General_Classification 




 Fuck Newt 




 HALP! 




 yes 




 He could choose Marion Barry as a running mate. 




 Because Rush said so. 




 At least he wasn't in a movie with a monkey. 




 Coleman just conceded. 




 unless SCOTUS refuses to hear the case 




 3-2-1 and Liftoff of GOES-O

Rising above the pad's fixed service tower, a Delta IV rocket soars into the sky with the GOES-O satellite aboard. Liftoff was at 6:51 p.m. EDT from Launch Complex 37 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The first attempt to launch GOES-O, on June 26, was scrubbed due to thunderstorms. The latest Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite, GOES-O was developed by NASA for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, or NOAA. Each of the GOES satellites continuously provides observations of 60 percent of the Earth including the continental United States, providing weather monitoring and forecast operations as well as a continuous and reliable stream of environmental information and severe weather warnings. Once in orbit, GOES-O will be designated GOES-14, and NASA will provide on-orbit checkout and then transfer operational responsibility to NOAA. 

Image Credit: NASA/Jack Pfaller 




 Sarah Palin, self proclaimed Joke Appropriateness Czar, makes a joke about a Senators physical appearance. 




 RIP 




 toothpaste or jelly? 




 lolz...   morans 




 I hope he makes a full recovery. 




 i think the cables are attached to the tower behind the rocket, you can see it peeking out from behind the flame. 




 crazy 




 It is a standard issue republican apology. 




 He should have got a policy from Mellon Insurance Agency 




 One might even call him a boob. 




 fuck flickr 




 I think you misspelled his name.  It should be - Ross Douchehat 




 In the foreground is mission commander James McDivitt; in background is Russell Schweickart, lunar module pilot - Apollo 9 




 It's probably Alderman Ike Carothers - http://www.suntimes.com/news/metro/1596369,attorney-corruption-case-052809.article 




 Projection

 




 it-may-very-well-be 




 He needs to experience it.  At Gitmo.  




 Good news! 




 Leader of the sack? 




 He must have gone to the Barbara Bush School of Compassion. 




 Profit! 




 Because we will have to deal with her again, and the media circus, at the 2012 presidential election. 




 go away 




 Fuck them.  Get ready for primaries. 




 Actually, Ned Lamont beat Lieberman in the last primary.  Lieberman then formed his own party, Connecticut for Lieberman, and ran against Lamont and the non-viable Republican candidate (who ended up with just 9% of the vote) in the general election. Lieberman won because Republicans voted him in. 




 Stevens down the toobz. 




 boooooooooooooo 




 Can we say FUCK YOU to Joe too? 




 Reid needs to go. 




 Of course they do. 




 Bush made his own bed, now he can lay in it. 




 electoral vote at 333 - 146 now according to MSNBC 




 Because he's a toxic weeping pustular blister that's been festering on Rave's ass? 




 APPEASER!!! 




 um... I said "Way past time." 




 Way past time. 




 You naming namer. 




 Come on, we all know why. 




 Yes, lie did. 




 Not to mention that Joe isn't a licensed plumber and owes back taxes. 




 He's a republican... 




 Plame was a covert agent.  Deny it all you like, you will still be wrong.

"On Tuesday, special counsel Patrick Fitzgerald filed an unclassified CIA summary of Plame's status, which shows that she was, in fact, covert at the time of Novak's column."

http://www.salon.com/news/primary_sources/2007/05/30/plame/
 




 Poor Johnny McSame 




 Please, take him! 




 She's a living fungus spore. 




 40 seconds in, someone in the crowd yells "he's a ni**er!"  Palin misses a beat, but says nothing about it.  I guess she is both used to it and condones it. 




 terrorist appeaser  




 awesome! 




 lol 




 Sorry, I forgot. 




 Cut-n-run white flag waving cowards surrendering to the terrists!  What will the crazy GOP base say now? 




 Scary stuff 




 Hopefully, after this election "neocon" won't mean anything anymore. 




 But we do have an election. 




 He's got the dick part down, now all he needs is a tater. 




 ASSault 




 http://thenews.jang.com.pk/updates.asp?id=56121 




 no 




 Why does he hate Larry Craig? 




 Poor Maverick.  Nobody loves him. 




 It's what the republicans were chanting at their convention.

http://www.google.com/search?client=safari rls=en q=%22drill+baby+drill%22 ie=UTF-8 oe=UTF-8
 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1Y73sPHKxw 




 It's called republicanism. 




 How many houses will that make for the republican Presidential ticket? 




 Proving the GWOT is a bunch of BS 




 Are the Two Fat Ladies MI6? 




 Witnesses told reporters the identity of the victim, the police would not confirm it. 




 RIP 




 Please use local number 51026. Thanks. 




 Rarely is the question asked, is our children learning? 




 Siegelman: "What has been done by this DOJ will make Watergate look like childs play." 




 Lieberman is a jackass 




 Or while he was yelling at a cloud. 




 Or during reruns of Matlock 




 That's the Log Cabin Republicans 




 Give her a damn table already! 




 If he's elected, we'll be in deep *doo doo* 




 ...and is proof he doesn't know shit. 




 Sure we are.  Just grab Chaka and jump in a pylon. 




 Correct! 




 ...but we already knew he's a liar. 




 Wasn't that Puff Daddy? 




 I assume they will be taking a wide stance on the issue. 




 It's all they've got. 




 Hopefully you printed them as white text on a black page. 




 Hoyer and Pelosi must go! 




 So far a no-show.  Very disappointing. 




 Pelosi and Hoyer need to go. 




 Pelosi sucks ass! 




 Impeachment now? 




 Get a shitty-ass bike that nobody would want. 




 Yeah, most likely due to the stiff competition. 




 I copied the title of the article word for word. 




 Comment downvoted for not knowing the difference between *Whitehouse*, as in Sheldon *Whitehouse*, and the *White House*, as in where our President lives. 




 Dick 




 Bush has always been #2 




 or:  There's the court, where are your balls? 




 Nobody could have anticipated. 




 Morons 




 Why do they hate America? 




 Oh poor Scotty McPorkrinds.  I feel so bad for him.  Really, I do. 




 Poor Scotty McPorkrinds.  He's like Lieberman now in that nobody likes him. 




 So?
 




 A rotting gila monster corpse would outdraw Chimpy and McSame. 




 Hopefully they will all go to jail where they belong -- including Mr. McClellan. 




 Don't forget the exploding batteries. 




 Rove is a festering shitbag. 




 Nevermind that McLame sought out Hagee's endorsement *after* Hagee made many crazy statements.  Birds of a feather... 




 Appeaser!  




 News of Kennedys brain tumor causes Freeper thread to be shut down.

http://pandagon.blogsome.com/2008/05/20/news-of-kennedys-brain-tumor-causes-freeper-thread-to-be-shut-down/
 




 Lifted from another post:

here is a comment (from username: Southpaw018) pasted from FARK:
Ted Kennedy is a Senator who has a 45 year long record spanning thousands of votes on issues that have literally changed our country and the world. He was a champion of the Civil Rights Movement. He's a proponent of equal rights across the board, solid energy policy, sound fiscal policy, of diplomacy, of good education for all children and adults, and has a solid record supported widely by people in both parties on foreign policy.
He also is primarily responsible for drunken driving and, subsequently, the death of a person.

That you, subby, choose to define him by a horrible, unforgivable mistake he made without taking into account the fact that he has worked tirelessly for longer than you've probably even been alive to improve the world in which we live means that you have a problem with the progress he represents, and not particularly with the woman whose life you cheapen by defining him by her death. 




 McCain is a neocon tool. 




 McCain sought Hagee's endorsement *after* Hagee made the Katrina (and many others) remarks. 




 I guess Vito and Vitter are exceptions to the rule. 




 John Yoo is an ass. 




 The questions that matter, like how good a candidate is at bowling or drinking whiskey. 




 update: US military denies Iraq report of al-Qaida arrest
http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5gkx-3oYeFwuWKCusr2jrojs98w8wD90I2QGO0
 




 The Dalai Lama

Obama/Lama '08 




 Space bacon. 




 Idiots are running our country. 




 We can rebuild him. 




 He will testilie - as he was taught. 




 ummmm... does it mean we attack Iran? 




 "those people are shittin'"

"How would you like to be working in the White House right now" 




 "those people are shittin'"

"How would you like to be working in the White House right now" 




 "those people are shittin'"

"How would you like to be working in the White House right now" 




 YAY!  So that means we can leave Iraq? 




 That it may. 




 What was the mission again? 
























