 Jeff--I don't recall if you've ever mentioned Pandante on the show before (I don't think so), but I know you are a fan of David Sirlin's games. If you'd be willing to plug an ongoing Kickstarter campaign on the show, the new KS for Pandante could really use some love. 




 I don't think Nintendo really sets out with a determination to be underpowered. But, it would be nice if the company put more emphasis on hardware power. 

As for third party support, I'm not sure Nintendo sees it as an issue. In Iwata's comments during this presentation, he spoke very proudly about the fact that Nintendo is the only console where the hardware manufacturer is also the biggest software contributor. It sounds like the company sees it as a strength. 




 I don't really mind the HotS segment, but I would prefer to see any new segments have broader appeal. It's interesting to hear Jeff talk about strategy, but I've been listening to strategy discussions and descriptions of MOBAs on podcasts for years now... and I still have no idea what a MOBA is or how it works. That means, much as I enjoy Jeff's perspective, it's a long stretch of the show where my mind wanders while I wait for something I understand.

Having said that, if Jeff wants to talk about it, I think he should. His excitement can be infectious and it's nice to hear someone passionate about videogames--even if they're not *my* videogames. 




 Well, not all Catan games have a modular board. Alternatively, I'm sure Rob Daviau could come up with some cool ideas to apply to a modular board. 




 Well said. It's totally cool if the gaming press dislikes a game, but it crosses the line when a reviewer is openly hostile or vindictive. It's also bothersome when reviewers tar and feather a game in order to make a point about some perceived failing in the industry as a whole. 

As Christian rightly points out, the past year has been rife with games that don't even WORK properly. Bugged, busted and flat-out broken. And somehow those games are afforded the benefit of the doubt and given ratings in the mid-80s. Then, when a high-profile console exclusive comes around... well. It's suddenly vital that the entire 10-point scale be used, and the knives really come out to slice up some faults. 

I haven't finished The Order, so I don't really know what I'll think of it by the end. But for now I'm enjoying it, and some of the negative reviews are almost embarrassing to read. It's not even the scores so much as it is the vitriol expressed in the text. I just don't get it. 




 Your experience with Amnesia was very similar to mine with the original Resident Evil. When that hit the PS1, I brought it to a friends house one night while our wives went for a girls' night out. We played through together, and repeated the experience once a week until we were done with the game. Such a singular experience, and I would definitely say that we both "played" the game. 




 Legacy of Catan.

That is a phenomenal idea! 




 Sure. It wasn't intended as a personal attack. 




 Well, I loved B W and The Movies. I also regard Fable 1 and 2 highly. I don't think I'm alone. You're free to disagree, obviously, but the hyperbole isn't very productive. "Blatant display of incompetence"? Give me a break. 




 This is not a great analogy, because you can often get an equal or greater experience listening to a book as you can by reading a physical copy. You're right that you give up some aspects of personal interpretation, but you are still getting 100% of the content in a manner consistent with what the author intended. People have been reading to one another for as long as the written word has been around, and authors continue to perform live readings for a very good reason--in some ways, it elevates the writing and makes it more personal.

A bad reader can kill a good book (Wil Wheaton, I'm looking at you), but a great reader (such as Jeff Cannata, reader of Traveling in Space by Steven Paul Leiva) is a wonderful thing. In some cases, it can even be an incredibly unique experience--try listening to Gone Girl, which is read by two different readers. It's a wonderful experience.

But, back on-point--watching Twitch is not like reading an audiobook. A Twitch stream lacks all personal involvement and interaction with the game, and it is not what the developer intended. A better analogy would be that watching the Twitch stream for a game is like reading the Cliffs' Notes for a novel. You may get the broad strokes, and you may even be able to predict whether you would like the book/game, but you haven't read the book or played the game. Your opinion is informed, but not enough to offer substantial critique. 




 Strongly disagree. You're selling him incredibly short. Populous, Powermonger, Dungeon Keeper, Black   White, The Movies, Fable, Fable 2... He has a very strong portfolio, and often produces games that do things no other games are doing. They are both unique *and* innovative.

He may oversell and promise the world, and he may not have made the transition to modern gaming very well, but he is absolutely a great game designer.  




 I'd say that's not very fair. They talk about games they dislike all the time. Including in this episode (The Last of Us, inexplicably). ;) Obviously, Jeff loves loving things, but they are both critical when it is warranted. You may just be misinterpreting their infectious glee about videogames, in general.

I highly value the integrity on display in this show, and I value both of their opinions. They put it all out there, and it's easy to get a feel for what they like and don't like (and I can adjust my expectations accordingly). Today, for example, I was really excited to listen to the podcast because I've been enjoying The Order, and the amount of hate being directed at the game by popular media has been disheartening. Whether Jeff and Christian liked it or not, I knew they would be fair and have interesting things to say about it. Their positive-but-balanced review was nice to hear, and I hope someone at Ready at Dawn listens to the show. 




 Fair enough. Words are free, but it's not worth the time to parse the internal motivations of a complete stranger.  




 I think you're being disingenuous. He said he was worried the game would be praised all over and lead to a push for more cinematic games. That certainly sounds like he was gunning for it to fail ahead of time.

No one would accuse him of being "douchey" for saying that a bad game should get a bad review. Everyone agrees about that. He was worried about his "douchey," pre-emptive desire that the game fail. 
























 Force Unleashed included dismemberment by lightsaber.  




 I dunno. I think the tech looks really cool. It certainly doesn't look easier to pull off than modeling a cartoon band. The idea that the video seamlessly reacts to your performance is awesome. 




 Sunset OD is fun, but you're not missing a whole lot. What you really want in your life is Ori   the Blind Forest. 




 Also, I imagine most pre-ordering of videogames is being done at the retail level--e.g., putting down $5 at Gamestop or Best Buy. That money doesn't go to the game developer or publisher... it's just an interest-free loan for the retailer. 




 Hard to argue with the evergreen. Those are great suggestions, though I think only Carcassonne will support up to 8 players. If you need something for the higher player counts, consider The Resistance, Formula D and Dixit Odyssey. 




 I'm guessing it's called something along the lines of "Royalty-free Dubstep Sample #6" 




 I wish I'd read the physical book rather than audio. Wheaton seems like a nice guy, but he's an awful reader. So bad that it actively hinders the book. 




 Right. I recognize that the sponsors may actually be paying for a 2-3 minute spot. I have no idea what the economics of podcast advertising look like. I really only offered the criticism on the off chance that Jeff and Christian make them long simply to personalize them, because they think this makes them more effective. I'm not convinced that it does, but mine is just one uninformed opinion. 

As for making the show look bad to its sponsors, that is definitely not my intent. I think their advertising dollars are well-spent--I've checked out both Harry's and the FiveFour Club based on the podcast ads. And if I ever have to design a website, I'm sure I'll be hitting up SquareSpace. And if I ever need whatever the heck it is Lynda does... well, I guess I'll go there, too.  




 Take heart, Jeff. Many people probably just complain because they value your opinion and insight, and they'd like more opportunities to hear you discuss other games. Don't let it get you down.  




 The commercial segments on DLC are just way too damn long. Am I the only person who starts hitting the FF button every time we reach a "word from our sponsor"?

I recognize that the show needs to be supported, and commercial spots are a great way of doing that, but it seems like they would be much more effective if they were short, 30-second spots. Or even a minute. As it is, they just go on and on. And on. 

This is not unique to DLC, either. At some point during Weekend Confirmed's run, that's when I started noticing it. What was once a short shout-out to the sponsor ballooned into 2-3 minute segments. And now it's reached the point that I reflexively mash on the FF button 8-12 times until it's over. 

Because I'm hopelessly egocentric, I'm assuming everyone else does the same thing. ;-) So, in the interest of helping the show, and the sponsors, I submit that the commercials need to be scaled back to a manageable size. Let's say hard cap at a 60 seconds. That's reasonable, right? 




 As a big fan of Risk Legacy, I'm pretty certain this is going to be the best board game released this year, for our group. It's just so exciting to take a game you're already familiar with and introduce new unknowns and consequences.

I'm not the world's biggest Pandemic fan, but I like it. And that's a lot more than can be said for vanilla Risk. 




 I don't understand the anti-F2P movement. Sure, the F2P model can be exploitative and frustrating, but who cares? Just don't play the games that offend you. There are F2P games that do it right, and it seems safe to assume that most Nintendo mobile games will, too. 

Good clickbait headlines for a site like Kotaku, though, i guess. 




 I'm happy for the segment to be there if Jeff wants to discuss it. As others have pointed out, it's nice to hear passionate people talk about things that excite them. The segment has definitely convinced me to avoid HotS, but I don't mind hearing about it. 




 Thanks for sharing the link. Guess I should have done that!

Yeah, Pandante is a blast. I backed the original project last year and we've had a great time with it since then. Perfect alternative to Poker when you want a similar card game but don't want to bet money--or just want a lighter time with kids, family, etc. I'm really hoping this expansion does well, because it looks like it makes the game even better. :) 
























