 My bet also goes to Guild wars 2.If nothing it was the most anticipated 




 It reminds me a lot of mount and blade,though i am yet to pick up chivarly.Is it worth getting? 




 You're a real asshole scott,aren't you? 




 Australian! 




 Random question,how much would it cost now? 




 I like it!I must say,i didnt have the time to read it all,but from what i read,you have a good story on your hands!Also,a tip from a fellow writer.If you are getting stuck on what to write next,try adding something conpletely unexpected.Suprise yourself.What if it wasnt only the humans that carry the virus now?What if even the sealife is,well fucked,and under attack by the virus? 




 Now the real question is,can they swim? 




 Rasprava o tome koji je burek PRAVI burek 




 I admit i gave up on reading that after the part which reminded me of hippopotamus. 




 Shush...dont use that word... 




 Hell to the no. 




 B..b..but we bassists are different! 




 Ko da su ikad postovali 




 You know,now that youve said it kinda makes sense.Never really thought about it,mostly due to him saying he got the character from that Child Roland poem 




 SAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAXTOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON..................
 




 Playing Video Games.Sometimes it just hits me that im getting older each day and a part of me thinks im just wasting time 




 Wait i can throw my weapons?
 




 The best way to put someone down online is to use as many big words as you can.
 









 Np,glad I could help 




 I recently dreamt of being a vampire during the zombie apocalypse.Yes,my mind is fucked up. 




 I'd say Batman from DC and Deadpool/thor from Marvel 




 Well /r/Steamtrade it is I think,haven't been there in a while 




 You guys should try out Lost Planet 2...even though the game received a negative response from the ign/gamespot,two of my friends and I found the campaign quite entertaining.Aspecially if you enjoy Big Boss Battles.

As for it having to be free,well I'd have to say you could always try Spiral Knights...that's the only free coop game that is right now on my mind

Edit: Just remembered,if you don't mind downloading it,you can get Marvels Ultimate Alliance.Now that game is something fun to play,and I'd say its  maybe 3-4 years old 




 Do your palms sweat a lot while you play?It might have messed with the wires inside of your mouse,causing it to malfunction... I remember a similiar thing happening to my old mouse,just I think the back space key on it stopped working.
 




 The reason you are getting downvoted is probably becouse you are either trying to sell something you received for free,or becouse you are not posting on the trade sub.
I would suppose that you would get a better response there,good luck. 




 Looks pretty damn cool anyway :D
 




 How can you not remember this?

 




 Nice!Did you draw it? 




 Born to be downoted would seem more fitting. 




 Would be funny if someone gave her the link to this..Now that would be something worth watching! 




 I know I havent yet done any trades through reddit,but i made a few through the steam forums.Anyway,the game is 5$ on amazon now,and becouse I dont have flair and am not allowed to trade this i think,i will go first if that will suit rules better.
Heres My profile link:
http://steamcommunity.com/id/LordLuka7/

I can add some sweets if needed. 




 I must agree with sir Ryezing.You should apologize,but dont go too far with it.There is an old anegdote,describing a mans desperate tries to apologize to his boss.Luckily i managed to find it:
http://lukianpovorotov.narod.ru/Folder_Chekhov/death_of_a_government_clerk.htm 




 Eh well,I honestly tried writting you a haiku.But unfortunately my non traditional(5-7-5)haikus were spat on from the side of Private.
So i will call this a-short-not-a-haiku-poem-that-rhymes

Fine Says He.
Then spits on poetry of me,
The Private he be.

Good enough? 
























 Serbian here,and stereotypes go towards everything here.But it goes more like an internal joke and less as an insult 




 I personally turn of system sounds quite early.Dont worry,you are perfectly fine 




 Ever tried Pringles with Chocolate? 




 Well post some funny/interesting things online that i would usually keep on my phone and show to friends as a silence buster 




 Screen-Five!(It's like a highfive just you slap your monitor and pretend like i did it at the same time you did) 




 Completely dry?That doesnt sound as good as you think 




 Now imagine all those facebook statuses all rolled up there.The horror. 




 Lets hope he gets more lines this time. 




 So i ran upon the game on gamestop,and it seemed interesting though i never heard of it before.Im usually into RPGs,Action and Adventure games,but usually the strong story is the key. 




 For some reason,now i want to go to the russian youtube. 




 She blesses the vampire,which are in some stories afraid of holy things,such as holy water,crosses... 




 Tell me you saw a bunch of cute puppies and you kept one because of the eyes.Please tell me thats true 




 "Thanks for shopping with us,come again!"
"You too." 




 Your life story would be much better if you gave those girls a chance. 




 Well,now you have 227 more than on your last one 




 I always thought the lower boundary is 65%.Well atleast thats how it used to work here 




 Its even worse when the other guy is wrong,so you get hope you are right,then you end up wrong aswell 




 He also shaved his beard! 




 Id say you should try out Dead Island,its a decently fun game worth its price.As for borderlands,yeah,definetely get it 




 Lets fire a few rounds on it and see what happens 




 Whoever wants to play something can feel free to add me,Doctor Von Foster or pm me your gamertag.I have Dead Island,Fable 2,Halo Reach,Forza 3 and MK Vs DC,so if you need help wih anything or just want to have fun im here! 




 Hell im up for it if comes to it.Hit me up a pm if it ever happens 




 As a galio player,i get you bro 




 "Call the priest!" 




 Hes just waiting,dont be fooled by its appearance 




 Then blaspheme we shall! 




 Tequilla.Lots of it. 




 They should,as long as the games are purschased they should work just fine.The only problem is the free to play games,they tend to dissaear if theres a region lock 




 Just a random question,what genre is the game?It looks pretty interesting 




 This and Wait and Bleed go hand in hand when it comes to workout music. 




 Just let him hide under the bed like he wants to. 




 What mod is on it?Im pretty new to he game,dont judge me 




 Oh i see.Though mount and blade has very large,well done multiplayer battles,the SP factor of it plays a bigger role 




 Back in my days we had cats that would eat that mouse in seconds!Twice! 
























