 Common - The Light 









 'I threw a barbecue when Reagan died,' he says. 'Straight the fuck up-a Reagan's Dead Barbecue. Kept it negro as a  motherfucker.' Awsome. http://www.villagevoice.com/2012-05-16/music/el-p-and-killer-mike-survivors/ 




 This exhibit is in St. Louis now. They have the TNG bridge and a transporter pad as well. 




 The R.A. verse is great and Stoup did an amazing job as always. But man Vinnie Paz is clumsy. 




 This doesn't really answer your question but it was the first thing i thought of when i read it. http://hbswk.hbs.edu/archive/2906.html 
If it sounds like something you want to dig into further i can email you the the paper in a .pdf   









 I feel the way every time i hear someone talking about the Constitution and original intent. 




 I read an interview with Frank Zane a while back. He talked how he would always look in the mirror and see something else to work on and improve, never being satisfied. This is a guy who had what is widely considered one of the most developed physiques of all time, was at the top of the bodybuilding world, and he was never really comfortable with his body even in his prime. Yeah, thats something that can keep you driven in that kind of competitive environment but there is also something really dysfunctional about it.  I think about that sometimes to keep things in perspective.  




 My first thought when i saw this. http://i.imgur.com/uJdJ3.jpg 




 I just figured they moved it to http://nation.foxnews.com/ 




 Torres defense is bullshit.  He may have lined that hit up while Hossa had possession but after the poke check Hossa had time to turn, locate the puck, and take 2 strides. You cant tell me Torres didnt have time to try and avoid contact.  It was late and he clearly launched himself.  Torres was a dirtbag with Vancouver and hes a dirtbag now.

The right rules are in place to stop hits like this. The refs and the league should be embarrassed that there was no call.
 




 Hes articulating something I think about fairly regularly. Im not a Christian, Im not an atheist either. I consider myself more of a Panenthiest but I sympathize with a lot of the arguments that are made by atheists. However, I have a real problem with the way a lot of atheists approach religious people or religion in general as if there are no distinctions to be made between a everyday religious belief and the most egregious examples of fundamentalist insanity.
 




 great awareness by Perron to extend the leg and stay on side 




 That fucking trumpet needs to vanish forever. 




 See you guys at the game tonight. GO BLUES! 




 The Blues? National press love? I Dont believe it. 




 Google the headline of any WSJ article to bypass the paywall. 



















 That Burgland, Andy Mac, Perron line is fuckin beast. Still anxious to get Steen and Dags back.  




 Points for coming out and saying it instead of bullshit pseudoscience I guess. 




 Garth is probably right on this.  Start building muscle first. Take your time and get your routine sorted out. The added muscle will increase your at rest metabolism and make it easier to shed the fat over the long term. Do all the little things that boost your metabolism and get the fat burning going while you are getting bigger. Drink tons of water, eat small high protein meals every 2 to 3 hours, cardio in the morning if possible.  









 Ill throw down a hundy that says natural causes is a euphemism for in his closet, dick in hand, surrounded by pictures of Reagan, with an extension cord around his neck like David Carradine. 




 Ebionites. Couldnt think of it earlier. They were early Christians who insisted that Jesus was just a man. The messiah, but just a man. 




 The synoptics are also propagandistic, written by men familiar with Jewish scripture to convince Jewish communities of the day that Jesus was the promised messiah. Performing wonders, especially wonders associated with classic Jewish symbols of divine authority fits with that idea. Saying that performing wonders means Jesus was God still seems like a leap to me. While Jesus was certainly an apocalyptic preacher and taught of an impending judgment by the son of man it is not until the later gospels that  he claims to be this figure. There was an enormous amount of diversity of opinion in the early Christian world as to the nature of Jesus.  Just as a couple examples, some Gnostic communities believed Jesus and the Christ to be two wholly separate entities where Jesus was simply a temporary vessel for this divine spirit which abandoned him at the crucifixion causing him to cry out father why have you forsaken me. Others believed Jesus became the Christ only at his crucifixion. Others, somewhat later, said it was at his baptism. Still later, he was born the Christ.  There is a theological progression in the ancient texts building toward the idea of Jesus as man and God. But it is not fully articulated until nearly a century after his death and not settled as a point of dispute between Christian communities until several centuries after that(if it has truly been settled at all). Start with the earliest Gospel Mark, then Mathew, then Luke, then John and read them horizontally, the progression becomes quite pronounced. 




 How about Mathew, Mark and Luke? We dont get any explicit references to the divinity of Jesus until John which was written much later. And just to clarify Im not saying that they state he was not divine, Im just saying that they dont say that he WAS divine. It just seems like a pretty important point to omit given the centrality of the claim to later Christian beliefs.  




 Fighting helps the game police itself. I actually think the leagues crack down on fighting has contributed to the rise in concussions. Whats a 2 minute sit down next to having your ass kicked? 


































 Oh, you 




 One of my favorite tony twist moments, I dont remember the year but Its opening game of the season. The Blues win 1 zip over the Sabers on the strength of goal that goes in off of Tony Twists skate.  Post game interview Tony gets asked, how does it feel to be the top scorer on the team? Youre on a pace to score 82 goals! 
 




 Keenan. Not a player i know but... Fuck Keenan.  




 http://i.imgur.com/Rc2uK.gif 




 they're delicious. 









 I don't know if i would say it's better in terms of pure production but it's up there and it's certainly a more complete overall record. 




 Dunno if you've checked out the new Killer Mike record but in my mind it's probably the best work that El-P has ever done. 




 Factory 81 




 I wouldn't hold my breath for later this year but Del and Dan the Automator do release updates from time to time. They are working on it. 




 My brother lives in a building nearby and sent me these.
http://i.imgur.com/uzaCoh.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/1zJeoh.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/sb7XD.jpg 




 Prometheus Bound 









 *ahem* http://i.imgur.com/ja5yV.jpg
 




 word. he can be injured on Detroit's payroll.  




 I thought it was Michelle Wie

 




 He'll always be Carcetti to me 









 *lightbulb* man, I cant believe I forgot about EGM 




 Yeah, totally thought it was Kyle Gass 









 it was a dark time 




 The clown Jerseys? yeah, god awful. 




 missing this one http://i.imgur.com/HybSZ.jpg 




 God those trumpet jerseys were bad.  When I hear ugly jersey the 78-84 Canucks jerseys are the first to come to mind. http://i.imgur.com/TSYDl.jpg 
 




 he who must not be named 




 upvote for the deadwood gif. 









 I see it as a cultural construct; a place to put the others who dont belong.  Hell was invented by people who were very sure they were not going there.

Unless you're willing to accept double predestination I don't think you can reconcile the christian concept of grace with the existence of hell. The Biblical support for the idea of hell is dicey at best. 




 City Museum. http://citymuseum.org 
























