 Islam happened. Again.  




 Says the guy that most likely never even read anything by Ayn Rand and is just regurgitating what his buddies that also never read anything by Rand say.  




 Absolutely.  




 You should sharpen that knife. 

Otherwise,  you're a goddamn bad ass with a great psycho murderer vibe about.  




 He should sharpen that knife.  




 You should read The Last Ringbearer. It's LOTR written from the perspective of Mordor being the industrial good guys and Gandalf and posse being the religious fanatics.  




 Oh wow.  




 Hey look everyone. I found the lazy socialist parasite!  




 Basic income is pretty much as the Dire Straits put it. Money for nothing. It's a disgusting concept rewarding laziness and freeloading.  




 Was there last year.  1800 yen beers.  




 Suddenly "Gay Bar"  by Electric Six got a whole lot more relevant. (the video clip).  




 Hugged to death by the religion of peace. Lovely....

This is what you get when a nation sleeps and let's these parasites in.  




 I am so happy this has nothing to do with Islam. 

Oh...  




 Gonna go by a restaurant supply store today to see what they carry.  




 The best part about this is that the final result is shown for more than a microsecond.  




 Same in the Netherlands. Then again,  manual transmissions are the norm and automatic transmission are over 3 grand more expensive site even for bottom range cars.  




 Tastes pretty good! Just not smooth.  




 I shave my dome with a DE. It's works well. Some small specs of blood once in a while,  but nothing serious. 




 He pretty much made a razor in a spoonshape. This is not some guy getting a spoon from. His cutlery drawer and sharpening it.  




 Just tried this. Added a ton more oil. Not smooth.  Not sure what is going on. (replaced sugar with liquid splenda).  




 Kampers we call em. Type of gypsy. Usually criminal. 




 Vanilla ice cream. Take a bite,  take a sip. Heaven.  




 It the prevent accidental wake up feature. Disable it and the problem is gone. It's in the display settings. 




 Gonna give it a try. Anything to get rid of Good for Enterprise.

Good for Enterprise sure, Good for User: not in a trillion years. 




 A bit of soft wet cloth and some buffing.

Done.

If it's really stuck, some chrome polish is what I use, but that more of an annual ritual. 




 I can envision Nathan Explosion grunting this in a "Murmaider" type song.  




 Was wondering if anyone has a good solution for using Outlook Web Access on Android besides via a browser. 

I can only use this form of remote access for this at the moment for my work email. The official Microsoft app only supports 365 OWA and not on site hosted exchange. 

OWM for Android is something I tried,  but is very poor in my opinion and not worth the money.  




 Good point, thanks for clarifying.  




 T-Mobile. Lied to me. Cost me a ton of money. Refuses to do anything about it. After 8 years with them I dumped them. I will never ever do any business with them again.  




 Recently my power button seems to have become a bit wonky. It's a hit and miss on its functionality. Sometimes it works great for hour son need. Sometimes it does nothing and mashing it for a while makes it work. 

Running AOSiP 8.0 with hellscore 7. 

Perhaps this is something one of you has encountered as well.  




 Interesting. It seems to be hit and miss for he most part. For example I cannot run chroma with Franco.  It never gets past the boot logo.  




 Caputo is a proper fellow. He is forced into this. Without him someone else,  perhaps or even likely worse. At least like this he can so some good.  




 "Some people" are mistaking Malachite (Mineral) with Malachite Green (dye). Malachite Green (dye) has nothing to do with Malachite (Mineral).

Then again, it's useless to argue with an idiot. You cannot win, they have much more experience in being clueless.

Even if it was harmful, it's firmly embedded in epoxy and pretty harmless regardless. 




 Mom or dad being sad. Breaks my heart.  




 5.1.1 AOSiP v8.0,  hellscore 7 mako, Vodafone (no carrier lock).  




 Highly illegal in many places. Will give you a piece of mind,  and may hold in court,  but prepare for criminal charges.  




 Not all mineral oil is safe. But there is food grade mineral oil readily available. Even Ikea has it if needed.
 




 We have this here too. It's still full of sugar. Also in my opinion it tasted poor. 




 Wonder if we can hack this into a custom rom. 




 Al Bundy.

He could've had it all. But he sticks around to provide. He often is rude, but never violent to his own family. He's very protective, but gives his kids enough space to do their own thing.
 




 Chrome or Chrome Beta. Depends a bit on my on my mood. No point getting something else, it's all a WebView skin anyway. 




 I too can pull words out of my ass and write an article.

Most of this shit is thinking "what is the logical next step up from current". So we up the processor gen one, add a tad more ram and pull some bullshit MP number out of our ass.

Done. 




 Boobs.

Also being able to make it in life by just being pretty. 




 The quality tier for home mixers is pretty much:

Old school Kitchenaid (Hobart) Kenwood (higher tier)  Kitchenaid  others.

Modern kitchenaid mixers have a high premium on the name. The Kenwood Titan mixers are far superior at the same pricepoint. 




 Why I cannot go out shop on a Sunday, on a extended note, why weekends even exist. Let me pick my own 2 days. 




 1. Hire lawyers at at least " Big-Five" partner level.
2. Make lawyers ensure the taxman gets at little as possible,
3. Break up pot into smaller pots (investments, mixed risk).
4. Have a fat spending account to get the urge to spend out of my system (less than 10%). 
5. ~~Kill a couple of hobos~~ Enjoy life.
6. edit: Buy enough shares in the company I currently work for that I get some power.
7. Fire my ex-boss. 




 Searing hot grill. Dry meat on the outside (After smoking).  
























 Diesel  all.  




 Macha powder. Hard to get where I live,  but when I find it and smell it I'm in heaven.  




 The one thing this post made me realise is that AC/DC is finally on Spotify. Many songs still under 1000 plays even.  




 Still bigger than most student housing.  




 I think my first ever straight razor shave was better than that. 




 There is quite a few all over the internet. From New Balance sneakers, to Red Wings to mass produced dress shoes.

Sure these shoes are good quality upper middle tier shoes, and the materials used are pretty much top notch, it's not so special. It is another one of those thirteen in a dozen hipster made "artisan" videos by a 3rd year BFA student that knows a guy in a factory. 




 I wonder how often the app recognised a white person as something else,  possible offensive and didn't get complained about because it was shrugged off as "well, most of this stuff is pretty accurate, can't win em all".  




 In my teens I worked in a butchers shop. The first rule my boss taught me is that when a knife falls,  you just step back and let it drop. 




 Judging from her look afterwards that is not the only "knife" that will be played with that evening.  




 You're lucky it was a sharp knife. Sharp knife cuts heal well. Blunt knife cuts are jagged and scar like a mofo. 




 Pretty much like any other shoe factory.  




 Bring a balloon. Lather the balloon. Make him shave the balloon. If it pops,  laugh your ass off because the "barber" is not covered in lather. Then walk out.  




 I wouldn't have guessed he used a straight razor. More like a lawnmower. Don't go back to this guy.  




 Hey look everyone,  I found captain professional trigger.  




 Basically Stephen King  "The Long Walk"  level cardio.  




 I wish I could be a victim once.  But as an upper middle class suburban young white straight male professional I cannot. Woe is me. 




 ARE YOU FUCKING SORRY?  




 Probably not.  




 Coincidence or freak of technology.

In 2011 I was sitting in a bar in Tokyo and another western man came in. We had a chat. Never exchanged full names, professions, just the regular bar/beer/sports banter.

Two weeks later he is in my "People you may know" section on LinkedIn.

I was thoroughly freaked out. I'm guessing we both logged in on LinkedIn from roughly the same area and the systems recognised it as a non-standard location and decided we may have been at a conference or whatnot. 




 In the example of Google about? Not really. Like I said, if the software systematically named all blacks Gorilla's, then surely yes. In the example, one with a super unclear picture, nope, just a glitch in the system. 




 Racist people make non-racist problems a race issue. It's usually the ones that scream "Racism" the loudest that are the most racist. 




 Ah, that actually makes sense. During my brief sailing days I think we had two noteworthy storms. One of which nearly made me poo my pants. The rest of the crew wasn't bothered at all and teased me for quite a bit of time about it.

It seems that it was an indication of how experienced a sailor was. In your opinion and based on your experience. What would you put the 1 and 2 swallow tattoo threshold at with current ship? 




 It is, and in this case it especially it. The picture in question is super unclear and to be honest, when I take my glasses off I have a hard time recognizing it.

It's a big thing if every black person was labelled a gorilla. Not these rare cases. 




 It we have to consider every small thing that might possible offend people nothing would happen.

People need to start growing thicker skin and not be "triggered" by whatever small piece of bullshit they can find. 




 5000 seems very little for the merchant navy. That's less than an  Atlantic return trip. You sure it's not 50/100K ?

Edit: the 5 sources I checked confirm your figure. I still think it's pretty little. In my early 20s I sailed 6 months on a container vessel (long story), that would give me the  "right" to a couple of swallows even for such a short stint.

 




 When I was 29 my income was higher than my dads when he retired.

I live in a rental and drive a small car. They have a large house paid off, savings, 3 cars and go on holiday 6 times a year. 

I live paycheck to paycheck. The baby boom generation fucked us all. 




 If this ever happens to me I want to keep my leg. In a jar of formaldehyde. Wonder if that would be allowed? 




 In developed countries the vast majority of the users would be white. This is not racist. This is a fact. So it is logical, however insensitive to ensure that this demographic is catered to. 




 I have no idea what that means, but I guess it's a good thing. Thank you. 




 I doubt this is the case. I'm pretty convinced that they did do quality control with multiple races. However all the QA in the world cannot account for all options. I'm sure if you probe long enough you'll get a picture of a fair skinned person being identified as a polar bear. 




 I too identify as invisible kin. But on weekend I am mayonnaise-kin. I find it incredibly offensive that no camera can identify me as a proud jar of Hellman's Real Mayonnaise. Stop the oppression of us fat and egg based individuals.  




 I agree, and that fact just confirms that this is far from racist.

People need to grow a thicker skin and get the fuck over race. The more you talk about it, the more important it (as in race) it becomes. We're all human. Some of us are just a bit more dark to deal with warmer and sunnier climates.

On that note. I find the sun extremely racist! It burns my pale complexion much more than my black brothers and sisters. Someone make a petition on change.com to make the sun less racist. 




 We have the same myth here with Polish people. Hardest damn workers you'll ever see. I had my entire house done by a Polish company. Took 2 weeks at half the cost of a local company. And the quality is amazing.  




 Technology is not racist. People and institutions can be racist. Technology itself can not. The racist is the person that made the technology work according to certain parameters that society labels as racist. A piece of technology labeling blacks as "monkeys" is not racist by itself. If a programmer said "label blacks as monkeys" then that programmer is racist. 




 One of my colleagues is colour blind as well and part of MY job is identifying colour difference. If I cannot spot a difference I ask him.

Apparently colour blind people are better at identifying the difference between shades of the same colour. After asking one of the professors about this during a work related seminar he confirmed this.

Now I don't have empirical evidence, and this might be very anecdotal, it works for me. 




 One often ends up reading about facial recognition going wrong. Asian people on camera,  camera asks "did someone blink?". Black people on camera,  camera asks if there are any faces to recognise. Etc. It's not offensive. It's technology that is not mature enough to do what it must do.  




 Quart of milk. Half a cup of cocoa powder. Some Stevia. Pinch nose. CHUG.  




 But Django and Kill Bill are in the same universe. The bride is buried in the grave of Paula Schultz who left Dr Schultz a few years before the events of Django. 


Also Pulp Fiction and Django happen in the same universe as the soldier who carried the watch up his butt (Captain Koons) is a descendant of one of the members of the Smitty BacallGang. 




 First non-Nexus phones getting updates first. Then iOS getting updates first. What the hell is Google thinking? 




 The way that old varnish came off was extremely satisfying.  




 They are the IDEAL pet.

For deaf people. 




 Get one from a reputable brand.

Check this out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxNLTRl36HQ

I quite like the Amazon basic powerbanks. 




 8 years ago a crazy ex decided I was physically stalking her. 

Don't mind the fact that I was 5000 km away and never contact her. 

After doctoring "evidence" and presenting it to the police (it later turned out the detective was a family friend) it sort of worked and I had to present myself to the public prosecutor. I had my lawyer write a letter and the case was dropped. 

Too bad that shit stays on your record for 30 (or 40, not sure) years here. And every goddamn insurance ever ask you "Have you have something on your criminal record that happened in the past 8 years". If you answer No, you're committing fraud. If you answer Yes you go in the special pile, with higher premiums.

No shit. Want to fuck someone over. Get them indicted in a case. They'll be fucked regardless of guilt.

(The Netherlands by the way).

Some justice porn by the way: She also tried to rob me blind in a civil suit. Which I won. She is still paying me damages and legal fees. It takes a long time on welfare. 




 The whole movie is a two hours action scene made of bad ass with a touch of more bad ass. They could end on the most anticlimactic note ever and it would still be awesome.  




 Rude waiter means no tip for me. Fun waiter means good tip.  




 I often fly with KLM actually. It's pretty good. 

To make sure the illusion is real ensure you get a sealed dinner plate and complain / refuse if you don't.  




 I fly intercontinental on a weekly basis. I always have the kosher meal while not Jewish. I can confirm that they are indeed better. The Hindu meal is also excellent  
























