 Giraffes - 

I've never seen a giraffe, I never want to see a giraffe. They just terrify me. They're colossal, their neck weighs the same as a small car, they have the ability to kill a pride of lions, they also have a 20inch tongue.  









 Old people. They have more memories, more jokes, and more life lessons.  




 'He's 24 months' 

Your child is 2.  




 'You study law? You'll be useful to keep around' 

Oh my god! So original! Never heard that in my two years of study!  




 Getting food in different clothing  




 'MURICA 




 My brother is 18 years younger than me. When he was 6 he asked me why, when he was cuddling his teddy, did his 'willy not stay floppy'.  




 A lot of Runescape. 'Going Wildy' 




 In sex scenes when they 'finish' and they get up and carry like there's no semen trickling down the woman's leg.  
























 Jersey Shore. 

Actually, any of the 'Shore' related genre.  




 I was expecting a 8 minute long compilation video. Disappointment turned into joy once the ambient music set it.  




 Rekt 




 Piblings: gender neutral term to describe one's Uncle and Aunt. Your parent's siblings

'I spent the weekend at my Pibling's' 




 Definitely.  




 Can you elaborate? 




 /r/geocaching. 

It's free, fun, gets you outside and there's 2000000 to collect.  




 Getting lost in a foreign country, at night, when you can't speak the language, and have no money. 

EDIT: A story my friend told me was when she was in Mallorca she got so lost and drunk that she was nearly 5 miles from her hotel. Ended up having to sell her sunglasses to afford a taxi back.  




 I visited Marrakech in the summer (amazing place) and I heard somewhere that the people begging for food will hoard it. 

There is, I accept, a large amount of poverty in Marrakech but I hear that even families who aren't living in poverty will beg for food. Apparently it's some kind of trophy or achievement. Pizza must be high on their list.   




 Reddit.  
























