 why are you dragging Chevy Chase into this? 




 they also make a beer gut one  




 ahhh that's nasty" -Chuck E 




 obviously one of his new suits  




 Obama? Romney? You deserve better. Why not Zoidberg? 




 pretty sure this is him 
http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=bhuYIr1J1zc 




 I heard you like peckers. So I put a pecker on your pecker. 




 move to the ocean, have you not taken a look at it? you can't see the land under all the damn blue pinpoints 




 he looks like a butchered watermelon 









 would've been quite the head on collision  




 what else are you supposed to do when you get denied after a night of butt-chugging? 




 go home leg. you're drunk. 




 "which would be the most fun"* 




 looks like obese tina fey 




 i had to discount double check this one to make sure it wasn't Aaron Rodgers  




 racism...lol 




 bet that story was legen...hope you're not lactose intolerant...dary 




 no tits. what a shame 




 all four years 




 black people 
























 a grape with an unfortunate case of elephantitis 




 definitely Andrew Zimmerman from Travel Channel haha 




 god dammit nic cage 









 Chupacabraj* 




 he's a popsicle 




 "He has to play it as it lies, Doug. I had to play it off of bigfoot's foot" -Shooter McGavin 




 that baby obviously didn't want to be on Japan's version of 16 and pregnant 




 Atlanta aquarium  




 go to an aquarium stoned. one of the best days you'll have. 




 "ahh fuuuuuck" -guy flipping in air  




 this is all i see
http://i1.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/004/077/Raisins_Face.jpg 




 maybe the placement of the *caution* warning? 




 sometimes it feels good to just pee your pants 




 still smarter than the entire cast of Jersey Shore put together 




 how is M Night Shyamalan supposed to make a bad movie with a huge twist in such a tight squeeze? 




 wee-man's balls are too cute  




 about to eat a sloppy joe. i swear if i get a fingernail  




 Faces...what r u doin...faces...stahp!!! 









 too bad the lakers have lost 11 straight including preseason  
























