







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 for the movie of this era, all the actress close up shot was done with very soft light and diffuse filter. making the shot very different from the male actor shot that was in the same scene. 

does anyone here know why this style have been abandon in later Hollywood movies?   




 most awesome scene in cinema history

Megashark eats plane

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUS91CkTN74 




 because comic books movie are hot, so it get made.

I am just shocked at the crappy CGI they get from 65 mil budget.  




 will he still be working on District 10? 




 if you are the police, would you come to the shit part of town at night when guns are firing everywhere?  




 must be because car burning have become too mainstream 




 anus bomb are known to be used before. in a attempt to assassinate a Saudi prince. but the bomb used was only enough to blow up the bomber and the assassination failed 




 Seth Rogen can advice on how to take it all in 




 would be funny if CNN actually give up Wolf. 

that will be a exclusive CNN segment with massive rating.  




  The students are supposed to help transform Pyongyangs skyline with new, cutting-edge architectural designs, such as the Ryugyong hotel, a 1,000ft building completed in 2012.

that hotel was designed in the 80s, how is it cutting edge? 




 dont Frozen make more on merchandising this year? 




 the add in the estimated marketing cost 




 how is making 15 mil in the first weekend almost no money 




 they just release ballons that flop into NK, this is more of a publicity stunt for the camera

the movie surely have already enter the NK black market with USD stick and DVD smuggled from china.  




 it does have some good fight scene. it that is what you like.  




 for Pompeii they did get their money worth in the special effect, it looks quite good, if only it have a better script. 




 his version of Hercules is a financial success, he did carry that film 

the one that tank is the Kellan Lutz version that have terrible effect with even more terrible acting 




 how the hell does I, Frankenstein cost so much money, all the effect in the movie looks cheap as hell 




 they do tweet beheading and mass execution photo 




 maybe buying petrol from the US at market price to give away at almost free price at the gas station is not a good idea?

 




 execution is the punishment for watch SK tv series. so i would guess the same will be applied  




 so he plan to honeydick superman? 




 NK have thousand of trained hackers that have been attacking SK for years 




 why would it not be possible? NK have military unit specificly setup for cyber warfare. there are thousand of trained hackers in NK, south korea have face cyber attack from them for years.

also the NK can hire outside contractor to do the hack or even pay off insider. they got the money from cooking meth to pay those people. 




 when he suit up for the interview, that is Bruce Wayne right there.  




 that is what they mean by not getting theatrical release, movie go straight to video 




 that is because of the plane are first in canada to move to metric. 

in south east asia where this missing plane operate. other than myanmar, everyone have been on metric for decades. why would the same problem happen? 




 if you know how to read mandarin, the comments there would let you know that many of the chinese people are tired of NK's shit. maybe NK also remind them of the dark days of culture revolution with the personality cult. NK is the country they may have become if not for the reform in the 70s.

many call KJU with derogatory name , or fatty kim the third 




 it is only legally available in US and later canada, though it is the hottest movie in china 

http://movie.douban.com/

in china movie website the movie is currently the most discussed film, ahead of Gone Girl 




 dont the major theater chains have policy against showing moview that are on VOD sameday release?  




 The Neutrinos Have Mutated! 

this line was deliver like a serious scientific fact  




 it does not, the small budget movie on limited release will never get the same level of publicity as this movie.

and theater hate same day release on VOD, i believe the big chain have policy to not release movie that are on sameday VOD release 




 you are forcing you body to lose fat when doing exercise, many people just cannot be bother with it while want to lose fat sitting on the sofa.

this is a absolute blockbuster drug if it work. looking the all those fake fat burning drug on the internet you know there is a massive market for it 




 it is a Indonesian plane that gone missing 




 it is highly unlikely anyone to go missing on a plane. people gone missing on land all the time.  




 so do you go on a car which is much more likely to have fatal accident? 




 not likely, it is in shallow sea and the plane dont have much fuel on it to go into indian ocean. they are going to find it soon 




 if flight are cancelled due to the monsoon and thunderstorm, traveling in the tropic would be a bitch, essentially fight grounded for months at time.

in south east asia there could be multiple thunderstorm every single day for weeks at a time.  




 planes use to crash much more often in Indonesia. the last few years have been good improvement to their safety record after a string of crash shake up the industry 




 they re-appeared when the wreckage is found 




 Rodman got totally honeydicked

Skylark represent useful idiot conned into believing all the good thing by a dictator which seen to be a real chill dude. 




 i dont think anyone there would not be so stupid to use their gov controlled internet connection to download it.

they will get it from black market copy of dvd or USB drive that come over from china.  




 but the end was the US agent have been manipulated by the NK honeypot into implementing the NK revolutionary plan, not the CIA plan. 




 i dont see how this is destroying their reputation when they have always been making threats that was never executed.  




 Sony did not even try very hard to DRM their online release.

likely they do it on purpose to let high quality copy swamp the internet 




 of course no mortal can compare to the immortal glorious leader that does not shit 




 they already called SK President a "crafty prostitute" in thrall to her "pimp" Barack Obama.

 




  Nothing gets solved by force

a lot of things are solved by force, most of the border in the world today are settle by war, and many nation only exist because they won their war.

  It'll cost a heck a lot less to solve the issue from the root by properly educating the next generation about religion, faith and the actual lack of scientific evidence about these beliefs.

how are you suppose to do that when ISIS is control of the area and if you open that school to educate the kids of that. the school will be blown up soon and the kids massacred  




 now that is the kind of upstanding organization kids can look up to 




 where did you get this impression, after the hays code ended anti heroes and villain are often the main character in hollywood movie.

taxi driver, godfather, scarface, unsual suspect, LA confidential, se7en, heat, there will be blood ... 




 in some countries, it is required by gov regulation that hero win in the end

 




 foreign film can be much more out there with the tits and bloods.

a example is Cidade de Deus, if Hollywood do a remake of this, they would tone down the violence committed by kids in the movie 




 this are feature of movies from every country, some can be even more over the top than anything hollywood have done.

 




 I have not watch the movie, will I be making a huge mistake if I do? 




 i afraid the south korea will win that game of star craft even when their internet go out, they are just that good 




 Ida is literally porn for photography enthusiast, before i watch it i have doubt about using black and white 4:3 aspect ratio to shoot a modern movie. just a few minutes into it i was amazed by the cinematography and how well it help to tell the story with few dialog.  




 maybe their fax is also under solid black fax attack 




 what make it more plausible is that the world in PR are very much changed by the kaiju war. they show changes that happen to technology, economy and society. 

in Transformers, even after the robots have battled several time in the center of major cities over several years, only minor changes was seen to have happen to daily life of the human character. 




 Clint Eastwood in Unforgiven,

I've killed women and children. I've killed everything that walks or crawls at one time or another. And I'm here to kill you, Little Bill, for what you done to Ned.


All right, I'm coming out. Any man I see out there, I'm gonna shoot him. Any sumbitch takes a shot at me, I'm not only gonna kill him, but I'm gonna kill his wife, all his friends, and burn his damn house down.


the entire final shooting scene is just the most badass shit ever 




 the CGI is much better in PR, there is a real sense of weight behind the robot and monster, you feel the robot running and throwing every punch. 

and every robot and monster are much better designed than transformers. each have different looks and ability that allow you to know which is which instantly. a lot of the robot in transformers looks too much alike. which is very confusing when they fight, especially with the way Bay shot those fight scene. 




 wait, what???? 




 it is a good bet

if they release the movie this week, it will make so much money with all the free publicity 




 did they do unnecessary arrests and summonses before this? 




 like that british movie from 2006 about the assination of bush? 




 because he cancelled the apocalypse 




 the best movie you will not get to watch

if this is a marketing move by SONY, the marketing guy need a raise 




 maybe the same guy that counted the 140% votes for Putin 




 when the screening start, the door closed and speaker start playing the rains of castamere .... 




 how about the movie that show the assassination of Bush that come out when he is still in office?  




 nothing weird, all these are factual documentary film that follow Liam Neeson ass kicking career after his wife die.  




 they will execute you if found with this imperialist pig dvd 









 there are korean that duplicate USB stick loaded with SK movie and tv show to smuggle into NK.

this is a big concern for NK since people see the huge different in material wealth of the outside world through this video,

punishment is death if you are caught

http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/north-korean-officials-publicly-executed-for-watching-south-korean-soap-operas-9825170.html 




 NK already investigated itself, found that they have the most awesome human right record in the world, a true workers paradise on earth 




 how is this glorify him? now the entire world know he is a serial rapist that murdered his wife in addition to being a crazed fanatic.  




 That movie is ender's game 




 more mindfuck than seeing magneto, professor x, bane and Jimmy Fallon? 




 the ship will shutdown halfway through the journey and they all die 




 it fires bullet of peace that cure cancer when enter a human body 




 The dock scene

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncW0fQnyOJQ

The whiskey scene

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZYBehUW5c8 




 This man is a scholar and a genius.

Colbert 2016  




 we need a TV series about a police dog that struggle with a cocaine addiction while fighting crime 




 this prove Android is the only way to go for such vital mission. 




 Glorious hacking for Glorious leader 




 does this count as method acting? 




 people still give attention to birth announcement on paper? 




 never trust someone that ask you to die for something if he is not the first person leading the charge.  




 and that people will always think he know nothing 




  there are sect that dont even accept blood transfussion, any kind of blood, homo or non-homo  




 interstellar is one of the highest rated movie this year on china version of IMDB

http://movie.douban.com/subject/1889243/?from=showing

currently rated at 9.2/10 




  He was charged with criminal damage, trespass and breach of bail

the guy is out on bail and he break into police station? 




 did people actually pay money to watch this match? 




 all hail glorious leader? 




 damn Chewbacca kiss Leia behind the back of Han, bros before hos, yo 




 or it make perfect sense 




 how can the dog live with the shame? 




 so he need to start taking drug again for his art? 




 movie are always being remake since the like the 1920s 

people will always want to remake previous movie with the latest movie making technology of their era.  




 it is not about north korea, it is the jokes about north korea in the cultural context of the US will be difficult to understand. 




 comedy that are not purely slapstick does not do well outside of its home market, foreign market would not understand the cultural context of the joke. 




 homeopathic people that are offering BS for serious illness should be arrested. they are endangering the life of these people by giving them false hope and keeping them from getting real treatment. 




 this will be removing entire china mainland internet, pun is everywhere on chinese online forum and their version of twitter.

many people are using pun with different word to avoid harmonization by the internet police. 




 Tropic Thunder 




 so the gay cure group is just his way to meet single gay dude? 




 and those music on vinyl are not compressed? 




 Freak and Geeks reboot by Seth Rogen and James Franco 




 this kind of news come up time and again for the last few year, but how many of the people are just buying the record for hipster living room decoration VS actually listening to it?

I highly doubt vinyl is coming back in any meaningful way. 




 but she will shot you in the head over and over again once you show sign of weakness 
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































