 This guy is a collector who makes his collection of cars past and present viewable on his personal website. His taste is far different from the Sultan of Brunei, Jay Leno, or Paul Walker, so don't be disappointed if that's what you were expecting. It's an good mix of cars, but his favorites appear to be Cadillacs, Corvettes and Trans Ams with ultra low miles (often under 10,000, occasionally under 1000) A lot of the cars are ones you don't generally expect to see in showroom condition. I'm thinking that this collection as a whole is probably one you either love or hate.

http://www.mcsmk8.com/cadillacs/mycads.htm - current cars

http://www.mcsmk8.com/PAST-CARS/MAVICA.HTM - sold cars 




 Smart Car? It's small, unique looking, cheap, practical, and German. 




 Taken care of  




 The four door hardtop, which lacks the pillar present in four door sedans was a very sleek, good looking body style that would be nice to see go back into production. The last US market models were discontinued in 1978, but they survived for another decade or so in Japan. Mid sized hatchbacks, four door coupes, and large 2 door hardtops have made a comeback in recent years, mostly from the luxury import manufacturers, so it wouldn't be a bad idea.

- http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/8/87/4doorSEDAN-and-4doorHARDTOP.jpg :On top is a sedan, on the bottom is a hardtop. 




 This guy is a collector who makes his collection of cars past and present viewable on his personal website. His taste is far different from the Sultan of Brunei, Jay Leno, or Paul Walker, so don't be disappointed if that's what you were expecting. It's an good mix of cars, but his favorites appear to be Cadillacs, Corvettes and Trans Ams with ultra low miles (often under 10,000, occasionally under 1000) A lot of the cars are ones you don't generally expect to see in showroom condition. I'm thinking that this collection as a whole is probably one you either love or hate.

- http://www.mcsmk8.com/cadillacs/mycads.htm - current cars
- http://www.mcsmk8.com/PAST-CARS/MAVICA.HTM - sold cars 




 Crush the Nissan (ugliest of the three and yes I know none of these vans are built for style), Joyride the Chevy, Daily drive the Ford 




 - Mercedes-Benz SEC, BMW 8 Series - Hard to believe the design of one is over 30 years old and the other is nearly 25. They both still look up to date. The 8 Series is slightly dated by it's hideaway lights though. Nice that both are hardtops.
- Anything currently produced by Mitsubishi (at least the ones sold in the US) already looks and feels like it's 10 years old.
 




 80's Full-size American luxury sedan edition: Chrysler Fifth Avenue, Cadillac Fleetwood Brougham, Lincoln Town Car 




 Audi RS6/BMW M5/Mercedes-Benz E63 AMG 





























 Malaise Era cars, built by the American manufacturers between roughly 1973-1983 have long been unloved by most enthusiasts. At this time, 5 mph bumpers and smogged engines with lower HP were enforced by the EPA and NHTSA, leading to the end of the muscle car era. I have been seeing a small, but growing number of them at car shows and televised high end auctions. As younger enthusiasts become able to afford a classic, older cars become more expensive, and the market's tastes change, could these cars soon be taken seriously as collector's items. 20-30 years ago four door sedan and station wagon versions of popular cars built before 1973 were just parts cars to many, but today there is demand for drivable examples of such cars. Even earlier, Detroit cars of the 50's-60's were seen as gaudy, tacky relics, much like the Malaise cars are viewed today, but it took a shorter amount of time for a renewed interest in them to occur. Some of what were the least valuable 10-15 year old US built cars in say, 1977 can currently be purchased for the same price or more then some of the most expensive brand new ones of that year. In addition, a lot this era's Japanese and European cars that were just as unreliable and underpowered when new attract a lot of hype. Today, clean, low mile, unmolested examples of Malaise models can be purchased for dirt cheap compared to their older counterparts and those who don't mind the stigma attached to the era can take advantage of this. 




 It isn't, but is written by some people. I thought it was one up until I was 10, so if I hadn't finally noticed the red underlining it on MSWord, I might still be one of them. New words are added to the dictionary every year, the English language has changed slightly during the past 100 years, and English is not a well regulated language such as French, so I wouldn't be surprised. 




 When I say "neither give a damn" I'm imagining the situation probably involving two cars that are POS junkers, perhaps with prior damage to begin with. 









 Still see a few on the road from time to time in the shitty part of town 




 I've seen some of such Japanese econoboxes turned into drift cars and tuners. These are usually cheap, simple to work on, plentiful, lightweight, RWD, platforms which are easy to do engine swaps on and easy to find parts for. This is from the 70s but in the vein of what has been done to some 80s imports: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJMAy7Z6zys 




 That's the point of the question, what cars do the commenters think clash with the idea of a classic car, despite their age. 









 - Ford Panther Platform - In particular, the Mercury Marauder with its GNX style blacked out trim, and the few Crown Victoria Police Interceptors that haven't been beaten into the ground by then.
- Pontiac G8 GXP - The best of the last
- Cadillac STS-V, CTS-V, and Escalade - Cadillac got to be cool again.
- AMG Benzes - Depreciation is a bitch. A W220 S55 will give you supercar performance on a used minivan budget, so if you are expecting these cars to appreciate in price someday, pick em' up now.
- BMW M3, M5, M Coupe - Same as above. The M Coupe was an oddball too.
- Mercedes R-Class - This is a wild card. Not that sporty, sexy, or cool in any kind of way, but sold in very small numbers and is destined to be forgotten. Less than 100 AMG models were produced too. Could go down in history as a "Mercedes Edsel" of sorts. 














 A couple years after it came the 1970 1/2 Falcon, which was essentially a low trim Fairlane. 









 I understand that she wasn't in her right mind and since this was some time ago and happened when I was still a child, I may remember some details differently than how they actually were. This also didn't happen at the establishment they eventually decided on. 









 Not as creepy as some of the other encounters here, but freaked me out at the time. When I was 11 or 12 years old, my grandfather began suffering dementia. Because of this, my parents began looking into nursing homes for him. I had to come along and visit each one.

At one of the homes we visited, which was not the one my dad eventually picked, the terrifying experience took place. This particular facility, like most of the others we considered specialized in caring for seniors with mental or physical handicaps such as my grandfather. One of the residents was a hunched over woman in her early 80s at the least with a lazy eye, messy, matted hair, messy clothes, and crooked, rotten, teeth in the worst shade of yellow I had ever seen. Right in front of my parents, she walked towards me out of nowhere and said that I was her son. She proceeded to grab me and try to drag me away, her hold and grip was surprisingly strong. She argued to my mom by saying "he's mine I saw him first!". I didn't know what was going to happen until one of the nurses came by and yelled at her to quit it.

I am still unsettled and reminded of this experience when I see heavily disheveled seniors. When I had to visit the home we picked in the end on weekends, there were a few residents who said strange things to me and I saw lash out, relive past trauma, and break social mores, but none came close to being as threatening, creepy, and gross as the "he's mine I saw him first" lady. 




 Looks like a gimp mask 









 I agree with you, I don't understand why the Big Three dropped their old iconic nameplates. Why does Lincoln need to make MKXs instead of Continentals, Cadillac to make XTSs instead of DeVilles, and Buick have to make LaCrosses instead of Electras. These were well recognized cars that developed a reputation and symbolized something. 




 - Mercedes-Benz W140, W220, W210, W211, pre facelift W212 and SLS AMG
- 1998+ Ford Crown Victoria
- BMW 8 Series
- Most Bentleys
- Lexus LS400 




 The cars live up to their namesake at varying degrees, but the Dodge Monaco was a large, mid-priced full-size car which clearly wasn't made for racing the Circuit De Monaco, and no Pontiac Bonneville is likely to set a land speed record. Chrysler's Newport, New Yorker, and Fifth Avenue, and the Chevrolet Malibu are named after locations in the United States with a connotation for luxury, though New York City was quite run down and crime riddled during much of that nameplate's life. 




 Thanks for the reminder that I should research what I post beforehand. Assumed it was in Italy because of the Maserati Sebring, which came before the Chrysler. 




 Why are so many American cars, particularly of the 60's-80's named after cities, towns, or racetracks in Europe where they are likely seldom seem and when few if any European attributes are seen in such cars? Examples include Chevrolet Monte Carlo, Chevrolet Monza, Cadillac Seville, Buick Riviera, Pontiac LeMans, Ford Granada, Lincoln Versallies, Chrysler Cordoba, and Dodge Monaco. The names have a good ring to them, but how many Dodge Monacos have ever been owned by residents of the wealthy principality, and has a single Chevy Monza ever raced on the Italian track bearing it's name? There are few cars where the reverse has been done that I can think of, Ferrari California, Ferrari Daytona, Maserati Sebring, and Yugo Florida. 




 I have seen many videos on the counterfeit coins from China and Eastern Europe, browsed what is available on alibaba, and found some suspicious coins on eBay. Now that you mentioned it, I also remember going to a dealer where there was a PCGS graded contemporary counterfeit Morgan for sale, plus similar items online occasionally, but my question is more focused on paper money. 




 A new president 









 As the title says, it is currently illegal to possess, sell, or distribute counterfeits of US coins or currency which are currently legal tender (Confederate, Colonial, and other obsolete counterfeits can be freely owned). So, if the US dollar ever becomes obsolete in the future, will examples of counterfeit Federal Reserve Notes, United States Notes, and Silver Certificates etc. which had previously been prohibited begin to come out of the woodwork after being "in the shadows" for up to several decades or even well over a century by then and start to show up at Numismatic dealers and on sites like eBay? I thought of this because I once visited a coin dealer which had a rogues gallery of fake silver dollars, gold bars, jewelry, and even a Series 1974 US five dollar bill. That confirmed to me that even if it is officially considered illegal to own such items, there must still be some floating around but away from circulation that the Feds haven't found yet. 




 There are some cars I see in their customized form more often than stock, and I often wonder about what perecentage of them are modified, and what percentage are still stock or close to stock. Examples include the Ford Model A coupe, 1940 Ford coupe, 1949 Mercury, Nissan Skyline (R32, R33, R34), Mazda Miata, as well as low trim versions of 60s-70s American coupes and convertibles which are often restored (cloned) to the specs and trim of a muscle car. 




 I hope the price doesn't attract any demo derby racers 




 - Marilyn Manson
- Sex Pistols
- GG Allin
- Wendy O. Williams
- Iggy Pop
- Alice Cooper
- Anal Cunt
- Cannibal Corpse
- Motorhead 














 Love these old box Panthers. Saw a pristine pre facelift LTD Crown Vic in burgundy with a white top today. The 88' facelift was really a styling downgrade. 




 - Ford Durango
- Pontiac Phoenix
- Nissan Axxess
- Austin America
- Subaru Brat 




 - Dodge St. Regis
- Isuzu Axiom
- Buick Apollo
- Oldsmobile Omega
- Mitsubishi Cordia 














 not many of these survive today and they weren't really popular when new. 









 1971-76 Big GM Convertibles usually go for under 15k, you can pick up a nice one for 8-10k.
[1974 Buick LeSabre] (http://hooniverse.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/1-089.jpg)
[1975 Olds Delta 88] (http://www.mcecars.com/images/bank/88%20Convt%20112.JPG) 









 Mercedes-Benz put velour into their cars too, and many American car designs of that era were loosely Rolls-Royce influenced (Lincolns being an example). 




 Any car over 20 years old is probably going to be unreliable, unsafe, gas guzzling, and spartanly equipped by modern standards, but do you have sources or experiences which prove that ALL these cars were garbage even when new and should be removed from the history books? 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czYUZOlclSo how does garbage make it to 1.3 million miles? 




 That was a compact 




 An explanation, perhaps. 









 Most people seem to think they are ugly or don't look twice at them, but I love the style of these types of cars. They usually look like elegant, cleanly styled designs to my eyes. Many are also tough as nails. Ford LTD Crown Victoria, Chrysler Fifth Avenue, Chevrolet Caprice Classic, Oldsmobile 98, and Buick Regal are some examples. 




 By 2008, a lot of the ones I saw already had peeling paint. 














 Not like David Reimer, intersex people, the fafafine, or transsexual kids. What would happen to an otherwise physically normal biological boy who was dressed as, treated as, and made to live as a girl at least up until age 18 and developed puberty as a male? Would other children and adults, as well as the child themselves be able to tell she is a he at an early age, just later on, or not at all, how would the child be affected by it, and has there ever been a case of something like this actually happening? I might also make another post later on asking about vice versa. 









 I would say the 1996-03 Mitsubishi Galant 









 Go for a GM B body or Ford Panther 




 I actually think this Magnum is quite a good looking car for its era. If I had to choose between one of them, a slightly older Dart, and a Plymouth Duster, I would without question choose the Magnum due to rarity and obscurity alone. 




 Such underrated cars. Not very fast for a "sporty" car but quite stylish. 




 I really like the second picture. It looks like you are in the Pacific Northwest or Northern California. 









 Hard to tell the standard Bonnevilles from the Bonneville Broughams, though I will assume the coupe with no sunroof is not a Brougham. I was able to easily identify the trim packages of the Grand Prixs in a previous post. 




 I actually like most of the RWD land yachts, mid sizers, and personal luxury coupes of this era. Some of my personal favorites include,

- 1973-76 Buick LeSabre
- 1977-79 Pontiac Bonneville Brougham
- 1978-80 Pontiac Grand Prix
- 1979-87 Ford LTD Crown Victoria Coupe
- 1977-79 Lincoln Town Coupe 




 It just usually seems like the automotive enthusiast mainstream gives little attention to anything that came out of Detroit during those years besides the Buick GNX, Fox Body Mustangs, and 2nd gen F-Bodies. When cars of those years besides the three I mentioned show up at car shows I often notice their presence either ignored by most patrons or met with derision by those who choose to speak out loud. 














 The yellow one is a Sunbird, my mom's first car. 




 German cars use planned obsolescence. Lease or buy a Mercedes or BMW and your safe as long as the warranty is good, but after that they generally become money pits unless you are willing to let them turn into turds. 




 Due to the increasing popularity of hybrids, electric cars, and diesels, as well as future CAFE standards, gas prices may actually go down because of decreased demand. But we also don't know what the political situation of the Middle East will be by then. 




 I would say that a Bonneville Brougham from 79' was a better looking car than that year's Cadillac, and had the most clean, refined look out of all the 77-79 big GMs. 




 The first row cars are all Grand Prixs, base, SJ, and LJ from up to down. The third row are all Bonnevilles. The two big cars in the fourth row are Catalinas, the smaller ones are LeManses. It kind of bothers me sometimes how people today seem to forget that Pontiac made cars other than Trans Ams in the 70s and 80s. 














 I think some of these might be interesting to see get stanced,
-[1975 Nova](http://images1.americanlisted.com/nlarge/1976_chevrolet_nova_12018911.jpg)
- [Eurosport VR]
(http://i.wheelsage.org/pictures/chevrolet/celebrity/autowp.ru_chevrolet_celebrity_eurosport_vr_2.jpg)
- [Buick LeSabre] 
(http://carphotos.cardomain.com/ride_images/4/672/1829/39178414001_original.jpg?v=1) 




 I see a lot of E36 and E46 BMWs driving out of the subsidized housing development a few blocks away from me and around the neighborhoods that surround it. Most are either just plain beat or have been subjected to tasteless modifications like bling rims, fake M badges, and blacked out headlights. The 3s of these generations I see in the more affluent parts of town generally still look pretty close to new. 




 Interesting, never thought any cop cars came in the 4 door hardtop (pillarless) body style.  




 I hate seeing people turn these 70s Mopar barges into fantasy cop cars. 




 When today's cars eventually depreciate, deteriorate, and become beaters, how will they hold up. With their heavy use of plastics, flimsy metal, planned obsolescence, and electronic components I am not sure how economical it will be to keep say, a 2014 car in 2034 chugging along as "economical transportation". 




 That new GTO is actually a rebadged Holden. 
























 This was GG Allin's first band, which him, his brother, and some friends formed shortly after he graduated high school in 1975.  









 At a show recently, I saw a young couple appreciating a car I also took a good look at but was not given a much attention by most of the other patrons. It was a pristine 1977 Buick Regal coupe. Also, when we were looking for a parking spot, I overheard a little boy asking his grandpa why the late 80s Honda Accord he drove him there in wasn't in the show. 









 At shows where the cutoff is 25 years I do see an increasing number of 70's and 80's cars (many of which appear to still be daily driven). I sometimes hear people complain out loud, but it is kind of nice to see this "new generation" of classics gaining recognition, rather than looking at the same ol' muscle cars and hot rods. 




 I was expecting a "Highlex" to be something like this.
http://lexusenthusiast.com/2009/01/27/the-lexamino/ 









 Hassanal Bolikiah, Sultan of Brunei is probably a good example of a car hoarder. He owns up to 5000+ cars, mostly exotics and high end luxury cars, including some concepts and custom built cars. They, in many cases have been neglected due to the number of cars and climate. During the 1990's at least, he was the biggest buyer of Rolls-Royce and Bentley automobiles.
http://www.gizmodo.com.au/2011/03/the-sultan-of-bruneis-rotting-supercar-collection/ 




 In some parts of the world, it must still be quite common. I've  traveled to the Bahamian island of Exuma, where the most common surnames belong to many, many residents and can be seen everywhere, on storefronts, in the local newspapers, and on the nametags of waiters. 









 I've seen pictures of that LTD. Head on, it looks more like a Chrysler Cordoba than anything else ever sold in the US, but the grill from that was likely also RR influenced. 




 I had a matchbox model of the Town Car shown above as a kid and for a long time thought it was a Rolls-Royce. I also had a Hot Wheels Chrysler 300 when I was a few years older which I thought was a Rolls or Bentley until I saw the actual car on the road. The 300 was not as crude of a model as the Lincoln, though. http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20081228021146/matchbox/images/4/41/Lincoln_Town_Car_-_B6457cf.jpg 




 I see a loose Rolls influence in the Buick's roofline and grille, though there may be better examples I could have chosen. The later Silver Spirit and the Cadillac and Lincoln Town Car images I used share more similarities. 




 These two very different types of cars share similar styling cues. They are all big, boxy, bulky, and generally have four square headlights and a radiator grille. The roofline and grille, as well as other cues of the Silver Shadow (1967-80) appears to have influenced the 1977-90 GM B/C/D bodies and 79-91 Ford Panthers. This I guess was to make the cars more luxurious looking and keep up with the Europeans with little effort, kind of like a reverse of what Mercedes-Benz tried to do by adding fintails to their cars.

Silver Shadow/Wraith: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rolls-Royce_Silver_Shadow#mediaviewer/File:1979_RR_Silver_Wraith_II_Greenwich.jpg

Buick LeSabre: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buick_LeSabre#mediaviewer/File:77-79_Buick_LeSabre_sedan.jpg

The design of the Silver Spirit (debuted in 1980) actually appears to be influenced by the American cars instead of the other way around. Perhaps this was to appeal to the American market and create an elegant yet understated and conservative look. The quad headlights, used mainly on US spec exports add greatly to the resemblance.

Rolls Silver Spirit: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rolls-Royce_Silver_Spirit#mediaviewer/File:1982_Rolls-Royce_Silver_Spirit_front_right.jpg

The 1980+ Cadillac DeVille/Fleetwood, and the 1980-89 Lincoln Town Car which were respectively facelifted and introduced the same year as the Silver Spirit came into production featured a front end strikingly similar, but with less presence than the Rolls. http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:Cadillac_DeVille#mediaviewer/File:%2783_Cadillac_DeVille_(Auto_classique_VACM_Chambly_%2713).JPG

Town Car: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lincoln_Town_Car#mediaviewer/File:1st-Lincoln-Town-Car.jpg The edges, roofline, and taillight assembly of the Lincoln are also vaguely Rolls like.

Some of the cars which came 1-10 years before the "box" era of American sedans also had a clear Rolls-Royce influence which was carried over, but not to the same extent yet. Continental Mark III: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lincoln_Continental_Mark_III#mediaviewer/File:69MarkIIIa.jpg

The resemblance seems to be hiding in plain sight and Silver Spirits have always seemed to me like very ordinary looking cars for what they are. Also, the styling cues are similar but create a very different effect. The Rolls-Royce is unmistakably British, but the Cadillacs, Lincolns, Buicks, and Caprices all have the stance of an American turnpike cruiser. Also, both categories of automobile offer far different interpretations of luxury. The Rolls Royces and Bentleys are hand made, understated, ultra luxury rarities, while the American land yachts are mass produced, and often ostentatious. The materials were also different, a Rolls would often have real wood trim, fine leather, and alloy wheels, while a Lincoln would likely have fake wood, velour, faux wire wheels, and opera windows. So similar yet so different. 




 I realize our usernames are phonetically the same. I consider "You Hate me and I Hate You" to be one of GG's best, most catchy, and most recognized songs, so this username is the one I chose, not already knowing of yours. 














 The materials too made a difference, no Rolls, Benz, or BMW featured the kind of obvious fake wood, imitation wire wheels, and velour Detroit seemed to favor at the time. 




 These two very different types of cars share similar styling cues. They are all big, boxy, bulky, and generally have four square headlights and a radiator grille.
The roofline and grille, as well as other cues of the Silver Shadow (1967-80) appears to have influenced the 1977-90 GM B/C/D bodies and 79-91 Ford Panthers. This I guess was to make the cars more luxurious looking and keep up with the Europeans with little effort, kind of like a reverse of what Mercedes-Benz tried to do by adding fintails to their cars.

Silver Shadow/Wraith: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rolls-Royce_Silver_Shadow#mediaviewer/File:1979_RR_Silver_Wraith_II_Greenwich.jpg

Buick LeSabre: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buick_LeSabre#mediaviewer/File:77-79_Buick_LeSabre_sedan.jpg

The design of the Silver Spirit (debuted in 1980) actually appears to be influenced by the American cars instead of the other way around. Perhaps this was to appeal to the American market and create an elegant yet understated and conservative look. The quad headlights, used mainly on US spec exports add greatly to the resemblance.

Rolls Silver Spirit: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rolls-Royce_Silver_Spirit#mediaviewer/File:1982_Rolls-Royce_Silver_Spirit_front_right.jpg

The 1980+ Cadillac DeVille/Fleetwood, and the 1980-89 Lincoln Town Car which were respectively facelifted and introduced the same year as the Silver Spirit came into production featured a front end strikingly similar, but with less presence than the Rolls.
http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:Cadillac_DeVille#mediaviewer/File:%2783_Cadillac_DeVille_(Auto_classique_VACM_Chambly_%2713).JPG

Town Car: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lincoln_Town_Car#mediaviewer/File:1st-Lincoln-Town-Car.jpg
The edges, roofline, and taillight assembly of the Lincoln are also vaguely Rolls like.

Some of the cars which came 1-10 years before the "box" era of American sedans also had a clear Rolls-Royce influence which was carried over, but not to the same extent yet.
Continental Mark III: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lincoln_Continental_Mark_III#mediaviewer/File:69MarkIIIa.jpg

The resemblance seems to be hiding in plain sight and Silver Spirits have always seemed to me like very ordinary looking cars for what they are. Also, the styling cues are similar but create a very different effect. The Rolls-Royce is unmistakably British, but the Cadillacs, Lincolns, Buicks, and Caprices all have the stance of an American turnpike cruiser. Also, both categories of automobile offer far different interpretations of luxury. The Rolls Royces and Bentleys are hand made, understated, ultra luxury rarities, while the American land yachts are mass produced, and often ostentatious. So similar yet so different. 




 No Dodge St. Regises 




 These Novas did have a loosely Euro inspired look 









 The Japanese do maintain their cars very well 









 Cadillac ATS, CTS, DTS, Lincoln Town Car, MKZ, Volvo S80 would be more obscure choices. Perhaps also higher mileage, Mercedes E, S class, BMW 5, 7 series, Audi A4, A6. 




 Late 70s early 80s Dodge Charger, Mirada, or Magnum 




 Just this year, first year R32 Nissan Skylines began turning 25. This means that they can now be imported to the United States. I was expecting to see a few out at car meets or on the road now that the weather is getting nicer. So far I have seen none. With the desirability and iconic status of the Nissan Skyline, I was expecting them to begin flooding the country, but perhaps most of them are on the west coast (I'm in NY metro).  




 "Quieter than a Rolls-Royce" was a tagline used in Ford's advertisements for the LTD. 




 I think that your 81 Newport deserves a better fate than being demo derbied. Only 3622 were produced that year, and less are around now. Hold onto it or fix it up, I'd buy it from you if I could. You may be in possession of a future collectors item. 




 Exactly what I forget to add when I was posting the cars I found. These are not new cars, they have all seen a lot of travel and will have rust, mechanical maladies, cosmetic issues etc., so be prepared for what can happen. 




 Found these, a few are a couple years newer than 1969 but similar to models available that year or slightly over 5k.

- http://www.hemmings.com/classifieds/carsforsale/ford/ranchero/1655451.html - $2500 1965 Ford Ranchero (Falcon based "pickup car")

- http://www.hemmings.com/classifieds/carsforsale/amc/rambler/1653038.html - $4600 1963 Rambler Sedan, boring to me, but pristine.

- http://www.ebay.com/itm/Mercedes-Benz-200-Series-Coupe-1972-Mercedes-Benz-250c-Coupe-/151318427333?forcerrptr=true hash=item233b47f6c5 item=151318427333 pt=US_Cars_Trucks - $3,795 BIN 1972 Mercedes 250C Coupe, it's a little newer than 69' but these W115 series coupes are elegant and overlooked.

- http://www.hemmings.com/classifieds/carsforsale/oldsmobile/super_88/1618880.html - $3,950 1960 Olds Super 88 Sedan - Oldsmobile seems to generally be an ignored brand for collectors, it's in New Mexico so probably rust free.

- http://www.ebay.com/itm/Buick-Skylark-Base-Sedan-4-Door-1971-Buick-Skylark-hardtop-4-Door-350-4-barrel-/111369950310?forcerrptr=true hash=item19ee2a9466 item=111369950310 pt=US_Cars_Trucks - 5k 1971 Buick Skylark Sedan. Nice color!

- http://www.ebay.com/itm/Chevrolet-Bel-Air-150-210-Chevy-Bel-Air-Sedan-Nice-6cyl-3sd-1963-Chevrolet-Bel-Air-Sedan-Survivor-/121355789111?forcerrptr=true hash=item1c415e6337 item=121355789111 pt=US_Cars_Trucks - 1963 Chevy Bel Air Sedan, not in great shape, but suitable for daily driving.

- http://www.hemmings.com/classifieds/carsforsale/pontiac/grand_ville/1653437.html - $5,395 1971 Pontiac Grand Ville Coupe, I'm a sucker for in your face land yachts, though this isn't my favorite year for Pontiac.
  




 Four door sedans and some station wagons from the 50s-60s can generally be had for less than the same model in a coupe or convertible. Classic Buicks, Oldsmobiles, Mercurys, AMCs, ad Ramblers are also generally undervalued. Many American cars of the mid 1970's through the 80's also sell for far less than their older counterparts, but aren't seen as classics by all. Some classic Mercedes-Benz, Rolls, and Bentley sedans are also surprisingly cheap. You have a lot of options but it would be good to know what your price range is. 




 1985-91 GM C, H body cars. These include the Buick LeSabre, Olds 88/98, and Cadillac DeVille. 




 They both had mental illnesses, or appeared to, sang shocking, gory, or sexual lyrics, had unique on stage behavior, were outsiders in their scenes, and recorded much of their music in poor quality. Besides the traits of their music and performances, they were both individualists, drank heavily, and got in trouble with the law. Hasil and GG also never got the level of recognition they deserved IMO.

Here's an old documentary for those who don't know about him: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDyxKLwQ-6I 




 Clips of GG during his early career are featured in this video. When I first heard this song, it sounded familiar. 









 For me it's large, boxy late 70s-80s American cars 









 Big 60s Pontiacs are among my favorites 




 Happy to see you haven't turned it into a GTO clone. 




 The music by them which I've heard seemed to be made solely for shock value, and to the point of ridiculousness. Edgy and boring seem like a strange combination. 




 This band was led by El Duce, who pioneered "rape rock" and were guests on Jerry Springer in the early 90s. 









 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shoshanna_Lonstein_Gruss He began dating her while she was a 17 year old high school student, he was 38. The age of consent in NY is 17. 




 This was Joe Strummer's band before The Clash 









 Put the link up, thought I had cut and pasted it when I originally posted. 




 By then they are legal in some states, just ask Jerry Seinfeld. 




 I see 37 year old guys looking at 17 year old girls in that kind of way all the time, but I can tell how this would be a little different. 




 At 25 years old, a vehicle is eligible for historical license plates in most US states, classic car insurance if it is seldom driven, and may be imported without needing compliance modification if originally intended for an international market. 




 The paint looks good considering how bad everything else is 




 looks like a 1967 Chevrolet Impala fastback coupe 









 Not necessarily classic by most definitions other than age, but those corollas and civics have made it beyond what their lifespan was likely predicted to be. Japanese cars, American full size sedans, Mercedes Benzes, and Volvos do seem to make up the bulk of 25-35 year old cars I still see daily driven or used as beaters. 




 Looking for numbers, I still see some all the time, but more so when I have traveled to drier climates. 









 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pDFeZb2f9wg Extremely different from his later music. This has got to be the least "scumfuc" of any of GG's work. 




 Were you somewhere in the UAE? 




 The New Yorker of this generation had some of the most awkward looking rear doors (when opened) to hold it's opera windows. https://www.flickr.com/photos/that_chrysler_guy/7801108996/ 




 The styling and performance seemed respectable for cars of that era and size, but like Dinahmoe said, Chrysler Corporation's financial troubles turned potential buyers off and negatively impacted quality control. The fact that the R platform was developed on a limited budget would explain why only 4 door sedans were available, no coupes or station wagons. Also, unlike the M-bodies which outlived them and became the new flagship sedans, these were true full size cars. 




 Anything else notable in there? 




 I have only ever seen one in person, a brown Gran Fury, but I couldn't get an up close look. Only about five have shown up in my searches of eBay, Craigslist and similar sites in the past four years. They seem to now be some of the most forgotten cars to ever come out of Detroit. 




 These would be the Dodge St. Regis, Plymouth Gran Fury, Chrysler New Yorker, and Chrysler Newport produced between 1979-81. 




 I love those two green Country Squires 









 I mean a very similar one to yours or someone who you were waiting for. 


































 I meant to write 540i, not 545i 




 - Just about anything with a rare manual (such as Jaguar X-Type, Mercedes W140)
- Any obscure JDM sports car or sport model that was never exported (such as Toyota Mark II GT Twin Turbo, 1990 Mazda Cosmo)
- 70's-80's American luxury cars (such as Lincoln Continental, Pontiac Bonneville Brougham)
- Anything with some sort of connection to an iconic car that may increase in value and decrease in accessibility (such as 1978 Buick Regal Turbo Coupe, BMW E34 545i with M Sport Package. 









 I'm imagining that passing on the left in an RHD is kind of like passing on the right in an LHD. Is this correct?  









 They get most of the coolest cars and variants from their own manufacturers, but the inspection system or Shaken, is brutal on modified cars and older cars. The inspection also becomes more expensive as the car gets older too. 
























 Peugeot certainly has a better chance of (re)entering the US market than all those random Chinese car brands that will occasionally announce plans to sell cars in the US but never do. 




 Chevelle SS wagons were only made from the factory for 73'. For all other years only non-SS wagons were available. This is a case of automotive gene splicing. 









 Wanting the real deal instead of a similar looking import could also be the reason why so few Europeans buy Lexus. 




 [Here is] (http://www.auto-types.com/images/_autonews/2011-Volkswagen-Passat-USA-side-view_86.jpg) my [rebuttal](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d6/Chevrolet-impala-2006.jpg). It's mainly in the profile. The Passat you linked the image of is the rest of the world model, which is different from the US and China model, known internally as the Passat NMS. 




 It seems confusing for me to imagine the company executives talking to each other about how a car is "too American for Americans", but your probably right. Although, the current Volkswagen Passat (US and China model) resembles a previous generation Chevy Impala more than any other VAG car and people buy that. 




 The following wouldn't look out of place on US streets in their respective eras. I would imagine that a car that looks more similar to the domestic competition would sell a bit better.

[S110 Toyota Crown](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fd/Toyota_Crown_S110_first_registered_in_UK_April_1982_2759cc.JPG)

[Nissan Gloria](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Nissan_Grolia_A30_001.JPG)

[Nissan Laurel](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/01/C230Laurelsedan.jpg)

[Mazda Luce Legato](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/46/Mazda_929L_Front.jpg) 




 They might still need to be converted to US standards, but that might not work out the best. Not sure how popular they would be, since in most of the first world countries that already have them, such as Australia their market share is low, dealer networks are small, and people have learned that they are crap. 




 A large number of Chinese cars on dealer lots would be a red flag (pun intended). 





























 Can't sleep clown will eat me 




 Years ago back in middle school a classmate told me a story about a girl who decided to go out at night and sit on a tombstone, after being told that doing so would wake the dead. While she was doing so, a tree branch fell on her. This scared her to death because she thought the branch was one of the undead grabbing her. Is there any truth to this, is it a popular urban legend, or just something the kid made up? I'm thinking it was probably made up since I can't find anything about it after doing a google search. 














 The diarrhea of sick people 
























 Dirt 




 For example, if someone went back in time to assassinate Hitler, would it be "our" Hitler who was killed, or "somebody else's" Hitler.
 




 I said "like nothing built today". 




 Someone fucked his sister. 



















 Daily driver of pleasure car? Either way it's nice to see someone out there who is enthusiastic about these cars and wants to keep one of their own on the road. So many people write off these boxy full size domestics as dowdy and uninspiring, but they do have a unique character and presence like nothing built today, except for perhaps a Toyota Century. 



















 Perhaps, I'm sure that years before the JDM craze occurred some US soldiers stationed over there probably purchased local cars and imported them back home when their service was over. 









 Ten years too late 



















 So Justin Bieber, Blair Witch copycats, and Real Housewives. 









 Ill start with the original Infiniti Q45. The quality, ride, performance, and reliability were all fine enough for it to compete with Lexus, Acura, and the Germans. But they were never able to get the grill right for it to have the same appeal for most buyers. 









 Americans need a brand with a luxury reputation to view a car as prestigious, but in other countries a single car in a large brand's model range can be. This is why the VW Phaeton, Mazda 929, and Toyota Crown, which all had or have a luxury image in their home market failed here. In other countries, people are able to understand that not all Mercedes-Benzes are luxury cars (E-Class taxi, A-Class hatchback), yet some cars from brands that also sell economy cars are (Toyota Century, Hyundai Equus). Does the fact that Volkswagen sells Golfs too actually make a 12 cylinder, hand built, $70k Luxo barge any less luxurious or advanced than the A8 which shares much of it's same technology, materials, and mechanicals. 














 I think the average transaction price of Land Rover as a whole is probably higher than the average transaction price of BMW or Audi. 














 I'll  say it's this, based on name recognition and perception of prestige, but your free to organize them in any way you think is fit.

Exotic

1. Bugatti
2. Ferrari
3. Lamborghini
4. McLaren
5. Koenigsegg/Noble (tied)
6. Aston Martin

Ultra luxury

7. Rolls-Royce
8. Bentley
9. Maybach

Top tier mid-level

10. Porsche
11. Jaguar
12. Land Rover
13. Mercedes-Benz
14. BMW
15. Audi
16. Lexus

Mid-level

17. Cadillac
18. Infiniti 
19. Acura
20. Alfa Romeo

Semi luxury/mix of luxury and economy cars in lineup

20. Lincoln
21. Buick
22. Volvo
23. Chrysler
24. Hyundai
25. Volkswagen
26. Mini
26. Kia 














 Candle Cove 




 I am asking if there are isolated communities where the locals are either extremely hostile and antisocial towards outsiders or where inbreeding, alcoholism, drug use, mental illness, eccentricity, religious fanaticism, or a combination of these qualities results in a sizeable number of residents whose appearance or behavior makes people who don't know them fearful, whether they should be or not. 









 In America, yes. But in more homogenous countries such as Japan, Albania, or Nigeria it must be an event that takes place much later on for most, at least in person. 














 I faintly remember part of it from when I was a little kid. 




 As biological males, these "female" athletes should probably clobber the teams made up of real women with their larger muscles, larger bodies, and testosterone. 




 I've read about Oniontown before, but the legend is far bigger than the reality and most of the stories are embellished here say. 




 By this I mean they don't have and never had a birth certificate, social security number, or other documents. 




 Are they future serial killers or just imitating hunters? 




 I decided to look at the prices for G25s in my area and found plenty within the 25-45k mile range that were nearly all selling for prices in the mid teens through low twenties. This seems like an enormous bargain for a 2-3 year old luxury sport sedan with average mileage that looks a lot like the current model (renamed Q40). Besides the smaller engine size, is there anything that turns people off from these cars and keeps prices low? 














 Was looking at the MBUSA website and scrolling through their models. An E63 coupe was not listed. This seems confusing to me, as there are AMG versions of the C class coupe, CL, as well as the E sedan and wagon. Shouldn't an E63 coupe be built since coupes are typically associated with sportiness and the CLK which it replaced was made available as an AMG in the past? 




 This thing is ungainly as fudge. Lincoln Towncar Grill, Cadillac Seville? doors, cartoonish proportions.

- https://www.flickr.com/photos/lderen/15207609572/
- https://www.flickr.com/photos/lderen/15208005725/in/photostream/ 




 Old people who drive slow or have forgotten the rules of the road driving pretty much anything, but when I notice a Mercury Grand Marquis, Lincoln, Buick, or Cadillac DTS, I'm usually on alert. I try not to honk at them. 




 It could be worth more money in the future, but there is no way of telling for sure. People are now asking stupid money for Datsun 510s, which when they were at the age a 91' Accord is now were just old, low value imports quite like yours. 









 Hyundai makes a better Mercedes alternative today than Ford tried to back in the 70's. 




 I thought of this question because yesterday I saw a 90s era 9C1 Caprice being used for patrolling by my county's PD, complete with the old style paint design. I was quite suprised that they would still be using a car in their fleet that had been discontinued almost 20 years ago, especially since most of their other vehicles I see are relatively new. 




 Somebody doesn't want you to recognize the backdrop. 









 What about a game show, Win DeNiro's Dinero. Kind of like Win Ben Stein's Money. 




 Studebaker 




 For example, even the sporty Mercury Marauder and Chevrolet Impala SS were only offered with an automatic.
Also worth noting, in 1971, GM eliminated manuals from their full-size cars, as they didn't sell well enough, even in the most bare bones of Chevrolets. This surprises me because back then manuals were probably more popular than they are now, and many people whom had grown up driving big cars with manuals like it was no big deal were still alive. 
























 Not that I have to, but most people immediately junk a car when it stops running, I think you could get more money by selling the parts off it. Especially when scrap metal prices are low. 




 How do writers name movie, TV, book, play, etc. characters? Some are funny names, some are realistic, some are based on the names of the actors who play them, some are based on people known by the cast, some are meant to match the appearance of the character, and many are a mystery. 














 Short lived car trading card series.

- [Article with complete list](http://www.dailyturismo.com/2014/08/coffee-brake-topps-autos-of-77.html)

- [eBay results](http://www.ebay.com/sch/items/?_nkw=topps+%22autos+of+77%22 _sacat= _ex_kw= _mPrRngCbx=1 _udlo= _udhi= _sop=12 _fpos= _fspt=1 _sadis= LH_CAds=) 




 One of the most bizarre looking cars to be built in America. 














 Sometimes they can be a pain in the ass, especially when they hide your posts. Like death and taxes, they will never go away, but no matter how much you downvote them they can't do anything about it. It's called passive aggressiveness. 














 This is a very random and surprising choice of vehicle for Bozosoku. 







































 The expressionless 




 Most recently, a hooded figure in the corner of a hotel room during sleep paralysis. I also sometimes see ones of different shapes and sizes, walking slowly, occasionally with faint red eyes in the dark of night while awake, though more often when I was a child. One I remember well at age 7 or 8 appeared to have the shape of a large man with a small head I saw while I was living at my granddads house. Seeing them as a kid was terrifying, though they left me alone and stayed on the other side of the room. Seeing them today isn't as scary but still unsettling. 




 BTW, these shape shifters aren't the only shadow figures I've seen. 




 Starting when I was 15, at a few times while experiencing sleep paralysis late at night, I have seen figures walking into my room or standing just outside it who appeared to have the shape and features of one of my parents (though it is a bit harder to tell in the dark). I would ask the one I thought I saw, (once my mom, twice my dad) if they walked in on me last night when I woke up in the morning, they said no each time. The last time this happened was about three months ago, but happens quite sporadically. The last time it happened I thought I saw my mom walk in for a couple seconds and also could hear the voices of strangers uttering unintelligible speech coming from downstairs, as well as thunder that wasn't actually happening. This was the most vivid of these dreams, the two others were just sightings of what I thought was my dad with really nothing else strange going on and my feeling of being "awake" was not as strong. Around the time of that last dream, my mom also said she had a very realistic dream where she saw a shadowy figure that she thought was me standing to the side of her side of the bed. 




 Starting when I was 15, at a few times while experiencing sleep paralysis late at night, I have seen figures walking into my room or standing just outside it who appeared to have the shape and features of one of my parents (though it is a bit harder to tell in the dark). I would ask the one I thought I saw, (once my mom, twice my dad) if they walked in on me last night when I woke up in the morning, they said no each time. The last time this happened was about three months ago, but happens quite sporadically. The last time it happened I thought I saw my mom walk in for a couple seconds and also could hear the voices of strangers uttering unintelligible speech coming from downstairs, as well as thunder that wasn't actually happening. This was the most vivid of these dreams, the two others were just sightings of what I thought was my dad with really nothing else strange going on and my feeling of being "awake" was not as strong. Around the time of that last dream, my mom also said she had a very realistic dream where she saw a shadowy figure that she thought was me standing to the side of her side of the bed. 









 I personally would rather see Woody Allen and GG Allin perform together, but GG is dead. 




 When I was between the ages of 5-10 I would often see shadowy figures, red eyes, and strange faces or creatures in my room when it was dark that weren't really there. When the lights went on these would disappear or become completely innocent items, but I was often too afraid to move. When the closet was left open, it would be worse. My mind still occasionally plays tricks on me in the dark, but now I know better. 









 In what area (town, city, neighborhood, etc.) do you seem to see the coolest cars when you go there? 









 1971-76 GM full size cars. These are big, big land yachts like Buick Electras, Olds 98s, Cadillac DeVilles, and Chevrolet Caprices. Fomoco's Lincoln Continentals of 70-79 are also very nice. 









 - W222 S65
- W211 E63
- W124 AMG Hammer
- C126 560SEC
- W108 300SEL 6.3  














 Nice survivor Grand Prix! A shame it didn't get much love over on r/classiccars. 




 I don't like thinking of people with disabilities or deformities as creepy, even if that may sometimes be my gut reaction. 




 Not that creepy by itself IMO, but it vaguely reminds me of Dren and would probably be terrifying in the dark or as a silhouette. 




 A is suicidal and happened to be held at gunpoint. When this happens, A does not comply, as he figures this is his opportunity to get killed without having to do it himself. B, is the gunman, his gun turns out to either be fake or empty of ammunition. After this happens, A, decides to run and hide. He calls the police to report being held at gunpoint by B and soon decides he no longer wants to die. What would the odds of this happening for real? 




 The Mercedes-Benz CLS shooting brake is another great car we cant get in America. 




 Full size, RWD, V8, American cars and four door hardtops. 




 Which were the five that cost under $400 and which one of the ten under $700 likely cost the most when new? 









 Would this fall into the uncanny valley? It's like looking at artificial life forms or aliens that have shapeshifted to look human. 




 I imagine him looking like a combination of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and GG Allin. 




 80's and 90's Acura Legend = modern Honda Accord 




 This beats the guy a few towns over from me who owns like 6 80's Oldsmobile Cutlass Supremes. 




 There's still the 2 door Range Rover Evoque and Jeep Wrangler. 




 My neighborhood is a real mixed bag,

- Maserati Quattroporte, 1957 Ford Thunderbird, Shelby Cobra Replica, 1966 Ford Mustang (next door on the left)
- Lexus ES300 (Next door on the right, hasn't been registered in almost 2 years) There is a makeshift mechanic shop being run there and a lot of other pieces of junk come and go.
- 90's Suburban
- 90s Ford Escort
- Lexus LS400 (used to have a bad suspension)
- POS white Toyota Tacoma (Like the ones the terrorists drive) 
- Mercedes E350 (brand new 6 months ago)
- Matte green Mercedes 190D
- Mercedes W126 and W140 S Classes
- 2009-present Chevrolet Malibu
- Late 2000s BMW X5
- E90 BMW 328i (belongs to a guy that lives in a basement apartment)
- Two BMW E36s and an E46
- Third Gen Camaro RS Convertible
- Mercury Grand Marquis missing it's front bumper for over a year
- 90s Lincoln Town Car
- 90s Ford Explorer
- 90s Acura Legend
- 3 Late 90s-early 00s Honda Civics
- Three Toyota Corollas and a Camry
- Three older Nissan Maximas, and a current model Altima
- There used to be an 80's Chevrolet Monte Carlo SS, Lamborghini Countach, and a Plymouth Gran Fury. 




 - Hyundai Genesis = Oldsmobile 88
- Hyundai Equus = Oldsmobile 98 




 Not necessarily of the same nameplate or manufacturer, but they should occupy a similar purpose, size, price range, market segment, or have similar aesthetics. 




 How would someone who has been isolated from the outside world for a decade or more, such as an ex con, kidnapping victim, or prisoner of war adapt to the times when they re enter society? For example, if somebody had been confined from the outside world for 20 years and were released today, they would likely be bewildered by the changes that have taken place in technology, world affairs, their own family, and other things. Would such a person have to catch up with what has happened during all this time they missed or end up "living in the past"? 




 Sorry if I caused any offense with this post. I am an American who has never been to Sweden and have only second hand knowledge of car culture over there. 




 V8, 4WD, tow package, heavy duty cooling system, heavy duty brakes, heavy duty battery, 160 amp alternator (standard model has 105), and available spotlights. 




 Corolla or Saturn 




 If you want to bring it back in at least 4 years under the 25 year rule, it will have to currently be 21 years old or older, which limits you to cars from 1993 or earlier, assuming the current petition to decrease the rule on personal imports to the US to 15 years is not successful. If you choose a newer car that was also available stateside, you can legally import it, but will have to drop more than it's worth into making it conform to North American regs. There is also the two more extreme options of importing a car under Show   Display (most of these are very rare or expensive and cannot legally be driven over 2500 miles a year) or getting a job that will entitle you to the benefit of Diplomatic Immunity. Otherwise you may be at risk of getting the car seized and possibly crushed by the DHS like they did with a number of Land Rover Defenders last month. 




 3500 sounded reasonable until I saw the miles. Very few of these cars are left without everything from the Pep Boys catalog added on, abuse that goes beyond normal wear, and a significant accident or theft history. 




 A used Chevy Tahoe with the Special Service Package can be picked up for about that or lower with below 80k at a Police or Government Surplus auction. 




 Perhaps a Chevy El Camino or Jeep Comanche. The El Camino is pretty simple, should get better mileage since it's car based, and will hopefully be cheap since they were last built in 1988. The Jeep Comanche, last built in 92' is also older and probably on par with the Baja in terms of rarity, but is based on the XJ Cherokee, which is one of the most reliable and sought after Jeeps of the recent past. The XJ is popular among off roaders and were produced from 1984-2001 in large numbers, so finding replacement parts and aftermarket support should be easy. 




 Porsche Cayenne (used), Porsche Macan (new) 




 These cars are part of the Raggare subculture, but most Raggarbil are customs or pristine classics, these clapped up superbeaters are comparatively small in numbers. 




 I have heard a lot about the American classic car culture of Sweden (Raggare). But one element I find strange is pilsnerbil. Drivers of these cars cruise and blast music while their passengers drink booze (I think this is legal over there). They are mostly 50s-80s sedans, such as full-size four door Chevrolets and similar GM cars with an exaggeratedly beaten appearance (similar to the look of the [Trailer Park Boys shitmobile] (http://imcdb.org/images/272/588.jpg)). They are typically primer painted, have junky looking interiors, mismatched wheels, graffitied slogans, hastily applied customizations, and duct tape repairs, but are mechanically well maintained. This seems like a confusing take on rat rods with a hint of bozosoku added.

[Here is a video of some of these cars](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2J9lRVmfSOk feature=player_embedded)
 




 I have heard a lot about the American classic car culture of Sweden. But one element I find strange is pilsnerbil. Drivers of these cars cruise and blast music while their passengers drink booze (I think this is legal over there). They are mostly 50s-80s sedans, such as full-size four door Chevrolets and similar GM cars with an exaggeratedly beaten appearance (similar to the look of the [Trailer Park Boys shitmobile] (http://imcdb.org/images/272/588.jpg)). They are typically primer painted, have junky looking interiors, mismatched wheels, graffitied slogans, hastily applied customizations, and duct tape repairs, but are mechanically well maintained. This seems like a confusing take on rat rods with a hint of bozosoku added.

- [Here is a video of some of these cars] (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2J9lRVmfSOk feature=player_embedded) 









 Saw the thumbnail and thought it was going to be a dead roach 




 I googled Smart Car price, it starts at 13k 





























