 I took him to mean it in that way as well. I see more Akalis carrying than Zeds at the moment though, but that's silver elo. Where I see Akali having an easier play style than Zed (but still damn hard to master) with less fancy mechanics to mess up due to the poor mechanical play from the lower masses. 




 I don't think WE is useless at the stage in its parts WW works very well with AS and recurve bow and dagger give a lot of AS making his early clears much quicker. At least I always make those two first unless I plan on ganking mid more. 




 If can vouch for that! Had a game last night went WE first then finished FF went Tabi and SV and RO then BOTRK. Ended a 48 minute game with 10/0/20 the enemy team was ahead for a large amount of the game. Safe to say they flamed me quite hard in post game lobby. I would 100-0 their carries every TF.
(Edit for grammar) 




 A lot of people say to go WE if you are behind when you start ganking and BOTRK if you are ahead. Personally I always start WE then finish FF I usually have enough gold by the time I stack it up to have both. Two tank items depending on team comp and who's fed. Then BOTRK but alas I am a lowly silver player so I'm probably doing it all wrong! 

I do agree BOTRK is a stronger item but is a lot more expensive and by hitting the power spike of FF and WE by the 17 minute mark or so I think it helps out a lot more for the early to mid game. 

Correct me anyone if you think I'm wrong would like to know if what I'm doing is correct. 




 Ah ok. I didn't watch the vid because I'm in work just presumed it was for junglers!
 




 I will have to try this, I've lately had great success jungling with ww at silver elo and never once thought that perhaps I should invade solo. High risk high reward I suppose! Although as ww I do always pink my red before going blue at the start anyway so I never get solo countered only by 5 man groups which has happened a fair few times!  




 I main ww and I use the exact same path and always hit 6 at around the 7 minute mark. I've tried the other routes but find the one you use the most efficient due to his sustain and lack of need to clear both buffs quickly. The only time I will deviate is if I fear being invaded at either buffs.

Also another quick note if you don't already do this is to start with a pink and save your 50 remaining gold for your first back don't waste it on a hp pot at the start its really not needed on ww. 
























 *Ensure ..... I highly doubt he's going back in time to buy insurance. That's just way to convoluted for any time travel paradox.
Edit: Although it could make him rich with the payouts..... 




 His probablity logic is not off. They have a higher chance of having a smurf on their team because there is 5 people that you don't know if they are or not but only 4 on your team. So smurf chances are stacked in their favour unless as he suggested you are a smurf yourself. Of course that doesn't diminish the odds of the four on your team of course, but still higher chance on theirs. 




 I don't think mmo's which are a different type of game in all honesty but still a game with major updates, content and balancing still don't require you to be a certain pvp rank or have completed so much content to be a QA tester. So why should it be different for riot? 




 Quality assurance tester. 




 I don't think that Is the point the op is trying to get across. I completely agree hiring people based on their skill of the game is just silly, if it is true of course. That aside I have never heard of this from any game before other than their usually being a stipulation of a love for the game in question.
Edit: For spelling. 




 I'm sure that isn't supposed to be possible, in ranked at least, in normals I'm not sure. 




 I am not entirely sure because I don't use target champs only. But I would imagine Riot had intended to not use both at the same time because that would make poking through the wave incredibly easy and thus would have set attack move to override target champ only. As I said not entirely sure but it makes sense to me. 
























