 Say what you want to about India, believe me it's not perfect, but at least India is a real country, not a military occupation, engineered humanitarian disaster, apartheid and ethnic cleansing like Israel . Say what you want to about India, even though that really isn't what this is about, at least we oppress our own, instead of the Israeli way which consists of but is not limited to: traveling thousands of miles, displacing native Palestinian people, stealing their land, oppressing the descendents of the Palestinians on their fathers land reducing them to 2nd class citizens, create a state religion, call it all manifest destiny in the 20th century and send the bill to the US taxpayer. 




 Indian here and proud r/india representative, so there goes your theory, and whatever white guilt you were hoping to invoke in the readers of r/conspiracy. I posted this and I am not white,  deal with it JIDF shill there goes your last line of defense. I don't care if you call me racist cause its bullshit and I have ZERO white guilt so if you're going to call someone racist start with me, your brown, OP. The Israel hustle is well known globally, the religion and culture that I'm descended from is openly hostile towards Islam (North India near border with Pakistan) and even people there who HATE Muslims sympathize with the plight of the Palestinian people because India itself was under occupation until 1947. So its not just White Pride people or whatever you racially polarizing term you landed on, maybe next time try a different angle like oh, I don't know "All Brown people are Anti Semites!", or something I dont know this is your job after all, be creative !  




 What part of the words "Western Media Blackout" do you not understand ? PressTV was literally the only site publishing anything positive about Waters or the boycott in general. The other news agencies were all Israeli and you can guess what they reported about the boycott or Waters:
"HOLOCAUST ! HOLOCAUST! HOLOCAUST ! ANTI SEMITE ! ANTI SEMITE ! ANTI SEMITE !" 
So you'll forgive me for not getting my news from a Zionist approved media establishment, besides I never post anything from Press TV, look through my submissions, this is the 2nd time I've posted a PressTV article in 6 months. 




 I think the vast majority of OBJECTIVE readers will come to the conclusion that his dislike of Zionism is inherent and implicit in his general boycott of Israel.   




 The 1st thing I thought when I read this was:

"HEY ... 
ZIONISTS ... 
LEAVE THEM PALESTINIANS ALONE!"

 




 The American press exists for one purpose only, and that is to convince Americans that they are living in the greatest and most envied country in the history of the world. The Press tells the American people how awful every other country is and how wonderful the United States is and how evil communism is and how happy they should be to have freedom to buy seven different sorts of detergent. 
 Gore Vidal 




 If the Party could thrust its hand into the past and say of this or that event, it never happenedthat, surely, was more terrifying than mere torture and death. 
 George Orwell, 1984  




 Thank you! 

Solar panels should have been on the White House for 36 years, beginning in 1977 with Jimmy Carter, before they were cruelly yanked down by the Reagan administration in 1981, because and I'm absolutely serious here, Reagan that they were the embodiment of "big government". Backwardness thy name be Reagan. The solar panels were not costly or wasteful, they just symbolized change and terrified Big Oil, which had a stranglehold over the presidency, since Kennedy's coup d'etat in '63. 

 http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2009/01/27/white-house-solar-panels_n_160575.html 




 The worst part about this is that Senator Feinstein's amendment would mean that her ilk would be the ones deciding which journalists are real journalists, because everyone on r/conspiracy knows who owns the media and they happen to have a lot in common with Diane Feinstein. If Feinstein's amendment is adopted only people like the Bloombergs (Bloomberg), the Newhouses (New Yorker, Vanity Fair, Reddit), the Redstones, the Ochs (New York Times), and the Wenners (Rolling Stone). Basically Feinstein is saying that if you're not Zionist approved you're no longer a journalist, and that is basically the death knell of journalism as we know it. No factor has diluted the quality of journalism or the media as much Zionist consolidation. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jann_Wenner

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_New_York_Times_Company

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samuel_Irving_Newhouse,_Jr.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Bloomberg#Business_career 




 The Jewish people depicted in that photograph were not slaves, they simply weren't, they were interned in Nazi Germany, but they were not slaves, for a people to truly be enslaved it has to span across generations. The Jewish internment in Nazi Germany lasted 6 years, further more when looking for a depiction of slavery why look to Nazi Germany ? Why not depict African slavery in America, it is by far the most reprehensible case of slavery, yet OP chose to depict Jews in Nazi Germany where they weren't slaves. I think it's obvious that OP has an agenda he is trying to further, and it's one that attempts to gain Jewish sympathy to justify the Zionist agenda, what either reason is there for such a glaring oversight ?  




 And ... I just deleted Red Ice Radio from my podcast subscriptions.  




 The phrase that I took away from watching this video was "New Media Class", to describe the talking head phenomena on cable news, with their multi million dollar salaries serving as a poor substitute for the classic muck raking journalism of decades ago. Often those multi million dollar salaries are paid for by parent companies of media conglomerates such as GE to NBC. In other words Brian Williams endorsement to invade Iraq on the Nightly News isn't worth nearly as much if everyone in America is aware that Brian Williams boss at GE is profiting directly from the invasion/occupation.  




 It's practically a tragedy that, Jewish people who are not a minority, they're white people with big noses, play the race card more than any other group of people. If they're such an oppressed minority, then why do Jewish people own practically every large media corporation in America, a Jewish person, Samuel Newhouse, owns Reddit's parent company, Advanced Publication. For Jewish people to be an oppressed minority in America there would be some oppression, instead I don't even think there are any poor Jewish people in America, not 1. To be an oppressed minority in America you're usually subjected to some sort of societal or culturally inflicted economic despair, Jewish people on the other hand are the wealthiest group of people in America by far. Just take a look at the list of bank executives, Federal Reserve Board of Governors, Hollywood studio executives and members of Congress that are Jewish and mostly Ashkenazi Jews to be more specific. Jewish people have hijacked and cheapen the Race card by being wealthy and white and still constantly complaining about racism so in actual instances of racism against real minorities they find that the race card is weaker in their actual instance of racism, because of it's constant abuse by over privileged, litigious Jewish people and the Anti-Defamation League. 




 JIDF, ACTIVATE !
Form of, an Ice Menorah !!!  




 Ashkenazi Jews, even the 2 people that are being considered for the next Federal Reserve Chair, Larry Summers   Janet Yellen are both Ashkenazi Jews. Amschel Mayer Rothschild, the founder of fractional reserve banking, compound interest, and central banking was also an Ashkenazi Jew, funny how that works isn't it ? Funny/infuriating I guess.  




 Nothing will end the sham war on terror quicker than images of impoverished, dead children lying in sandy streets, indiscriminately disposed of by a predator drone, plastered all over the Internet. 




 "No honest journalist should be willing to describe himself or herself as 'embedded.' To say, 'I'm an embedded journalist' is to say, 'I'm a government Propagandist. 
 Noam Chomsky, Imperial Ambitions: Conversations on the Post-9/11 World 




 To quote Chris Rock from his HBO special Never Scared:
"I AIN'T SCARED OF AL-QAEDA I'M SCARED OF AL CRACKA!"
 




 The role of the U.S military in the 21st century is first and foremost to be the procurers of natural resources for multinational corporations and the banking elite that control them.  




 I'm just going to go ahead and say it, how about approximately 2 to 3 thousand Jewish men, with powerful and influential corporate titles living in the greater New York, Philadelphia, Chicago, Los Angeles, Miami and Washington D.C areas ? 




 I'll acknowledge Snowden is an American traitor when Wikipedia officially designates W. Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld, Wolfowitz, Powell, and Rice as war criminals.  




 Upvote for excellent usage of the word "fuckery". 
 




 JIDF ACTIVATE !

Form of, an ice menorah!  




 True, but everyone loves a martyr.  




 Fun fact the phrase "self hating Jew" was actually first coined by Theodor Hertzl, the Father of Zionism.  




 To learn who rules over you, simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize.


 Voltaire 




 The First Amendment 

1776  -  2013 

To learn who rules over you, simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize.


 Voltaire 




 This is by far the most infuriating thing that I've read on this sub in quite a while, now the elite own the sun, what next do they own the moon as well ? How could they possibly justify this ? I once applauded Spain for spearheading the renewable energy development charge, but now I know that it was only so the sun could be turned over to the elite in Spain first, to set legal precedent there 1st for the rest of the world. I can already see a 6-3 or 7-2 Supreme Court ruling in favor of privatizing the sun for the likes of Exxon and Chevron.  




 Nothing new here just the entire world at each others throats over greedy Israel, and their quest to slowly take over the entire Middle East by using the US as its warmongering proxy bitch.  




 Even though I swore I'd never vote again after voting for Obama in 2008, I think I could  "blue team" myself back up for a Bernie Sanders-Elizabeth Warren ticket or vice-versa.  




 I would imagine that the odds are somewhere in the neighborhood of slim to go fuck yourself.  




 Journalists around the United States need to realize that if they don't hang together; they are going to hang apart. 

Journalists shouldn't aspire to be influence peddling, talking point uttering, David Gregory-like propaganda mouthpieces for the elite, that is not journalism. At its very best it is palaver, at it's worst it is mass propaganda of the highest degree.  




 I deserve that.  




 I'm sorry about that, I'm just sensitive because someone just shamed me for spelling Michael Hastings name wrong in a meme that was meant to be a tribute to his intrepid journalism. 

  yes to answer question I spelled it:
 "Micheal" 
ugh!  




 Nitpick much ? 

 




 Umm, it's called reading:

"GOGLAND ISLAND, Russia, July 15 (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Monday he saw signs that Edward Snowden, the former U.S. spy agency contractor turned fugitive leaker, was shifting towards stopping "political activity" directed against the United States."

In your defense it was at the very beginning of the article, which I guess means that you did ZERO reading, but o well, that's Reddit for you, the loudest critic is also usually the slowest reader.  




 Who are you referring to ? I didn't misspell anyone's name.   




 I found it on GoodReads.com which is a pretty reputable site for quotes, I'm not trying to perpetuate anything except a quote that is relevant and engaging. 

http://www.goodreads.com/quotes/77244-journalism-is-printing-what-someone-else-does-not-want-printed 




 The American press exists for one purpose only, and that is to convince Americans that they are living in the greatest and most envied country in the history of the world. The Press tells the American people how awful every other country is and how wonderful the United States is and how evil communism is and how happy they should be to have freedom to buy seven different sorts of detergent. 

 Gore Vidal 




 Great is truth, but still greater, from a practical point of view, is silence about truth. By simply not mentioning certain subjects... totalitarian propagandists have influenced opinion much more effectively than they could have by the most eloquent denunciations.

 - Aldous Huxley 
 




 I concur, this is pretty accurate, Israel is using the Zionist owned U.S mainstream media to sucker young Americans to give their lives to eliminate Israel's enemies in the region which is basically everyone else in the Middle East.  




 To this day American Terrorist off of the Food   Liquor album remains my favorite hip hop song.  




 Whoever this troll is he knows to hit us where it hurts. My heart planked for a second after reading "the truth about WTC 7" but alas it was simply the most recent in a an endless cadre of jerk offs and misinformation in the Tower 7 department.  




 The masses never revolt of their own accord, and they never revolt merely because they are oppressed. Indeed, so long as they are not permitted to have standards of comparison, they never even become aware that they are oppressed.

 George Orwell, 1984 




 Amber Lyon revealed this on Joe Rogan's podcast like a year ago, she said that everyone should take a sticky note and cover up their webcam with it, even with me covering up my webcam with a sticky for a year now, I'm sure the NSA still has like hundreds of hours of me jacking it, mere feet away from my face.  




 I don't know about you guys but it looks like Frankie Boyle is about to undergo a serious case of "depression" which will probably only be cured when agents dressed all in black sneak into his place at night and cure him of his "depression" with a noose around his neck.  




 Palestine belongs to the Arabs in the same sense that England belongs to the English or France to the French. It is wrong and inhuman to impose the Jews on the Arabs... Surely it would be a crime against humanity to reduce the proud Arabs so that Palestine can be restored to the Jews partly or wholly as their national home 

 Mahatma Gandhi

(Gandhi was kind of a peacknick by the way from what I hear) 




 The 2 most irreparably damaging things during the Clinton administration were :

1. Repeal of Glass-Steagall

2. Telecommunications Act of 1996. 




 I live in the Managerial Age, in a world of "Admin." The greatest evil is not now done in those sordid "dens of crime" that Dickens loved to paint. It is not done even in concentration camps and labour camps. In those we see its final result. But it is conceived and ordered (moved, seconded, carried, and minuted) in clean, carpeted, warmed and well-lighted offices, by quiet men with white collars and cut fingernails and smooth-shaven cheeks who do not need to raise their voices. Hence, naturally enough, my symbol for Hell is something like the bureaucracy of a police state or the office of a thoroughly nasty business concern."

[From the Preface] 
 C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters 




 "The study of money, above all other fields in economics, is one in which complexity is used to disguise truth or to evade truth, not to reveal it. The process by which banks create money is so simple the mind is repelled. With something so important, a deeper mystery seems only decent." 

 - John Kenneth Galbraith (1908- ), former professor of economics at Harvard, writing in 'Money: Whence it came, where it went' (1975). 




 This seems obligatory for a thread like this and also just cause it's the 4th:

Those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.
Benjamin Franklin

 




 The 1st thing I thought of when I read this article was :

"Goodbye local investigative news!"

Just like how mainstream media is drivel; the local news will soon be completely overrun with talking points for the talking heads on cable news. Just another domino in the downfall of the dissemination of information from the corporate media establishment which grows more conglomerated by the year. 

Sam Zell, the owner of Tribune Co., is adding to his collection of media entities quietly, engaging in this purchase just before a long 4th of July weekend, in other words this 10 figure transaction will be old news by Monday. Zell, is worth $4 billion, and is a shady real estate dealer who has worked to eliminate rent control laws to jack up rates in Florida for over a decade, and he has been one of the most outspoken CEO's in the wake of the burst of the mortgage bubble; saying that :

"This country [real estate market] needs a cleansing. We need to clean out all those people who never should have bought homes in the first place."
[20] He was referencing the many consumers who purchased homes at prices well above their means, as well as the mortgage lenders who encouraged those loans.

So because this story won't be news, and it's pretty much blatantly obvious why this story won't be news (i.e because it's about who controls the news) those were the important bulletpoints.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sam_Zell 




 I posted this yesterday, while he was still missing granted, and my post got buried with little to no attention, and now they've announced they've found his body and r/conspiracy is all up in arms now that CNN of all people is announcing he's officially dead. I'm aware that correlation isn't always causation, but I mean come on r/conspiracy, where's your inner sleuthiness ? Correlation isn't always causation but in this case it seems pretty obvious, and not even in hindsight, I mean dead on arrival. And it's not even up the upvotes, it's that I thought I dropped a bombshell about him just missing in the woods amid this whole NSA scandal and his Senator/brother's role in the ensuing political theater. I guess what I'm saying is that, if they'd never found his body would this whole thing have just been swept under the rug by the media?  




 Now I've never claimed to be a great legal mind, but I do know this, South Africa's Muslim Lawyers Association probably hasn't encountered a monster like Obama's Jewish Lawyers Association.  




 "No matter how big the lie; repeat it often enough and the masses will regard it as the truth."

 -	John F. Kennedy  




 The tree looks relatively unscathed compared to the wreckage that was left of the car.  




 newspeak  (nspk, ny-)
n.
Deliberately ambiguous and contradictory language used to mislead and manipulate the public.
[From Newspeak, a language invented by George Orwell in the novel 1984.]
OR
newspeak [njuspik]
n
the language of bureaucrats and politicians, regarded as deliberately ambiguous and misleading
[from 1984, a novel by George Orwell] 




 "A judge has barred his attorney from mentioning freedom of speech during trial."

If that's not Orwellian, I don't know what is.  




 A Lutheran, a Presbyterian, and a Catholic in Rupert Murdoch. Murdoch is partially Jewish though from his mother's side, approximately 1/3rd.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rupert_Murdoch#Early_life 




 Reddit is owned by the descendants of S.I Newhouse Sr., a printed word tycoon, his descendants own CondeNast and Advanced Publication, Advanced Publication is the parent company of Reddit. The Newhouses are  Zionists and use their massive influence to peddle pro Israel stories, the main inheritor of the fortune S.I Newshouse Jr. is worth upwards of $7 billion and controls Vanity Fair and the New Yorker just to name a few. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samuel_Irving_Newhouse,_Jr.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samuel_Irving_Newhouse,_Sr. 




 Reddit is owned by the descendants of S.I Newhouse, they are wealthy Zionists with a vice grip on the printed word market in America and the West in general. They own Advanced Publication, CondeNast, Reddit and a slew of other magazines. They are billionaires going back several decades and major pro Israel influence peddlers, I'm on my phone and don't feel like digging up the links so do your own research on Reddit's parent company and the Newhouses.  




 Newspeak is in full effect.  




 Newspeak is in full effect, the word whistleblower is being removed from the lexicon to dumb down the masses. Soon there will be 2 versions of the English language, 1 for the general population and a growing, classified language that is comprised of newly made illegal words like whistleblower or liberty.  




 "Assassination is an extreme form of censorship."
 - George Bernard Shaw 

 




 Michael Hastings and Glenn Greenwald certainly both have/did have an abundance of enemies with military training and the means to coordinate an assassination. To me this is blatant intimidation of investigative journalists around the nation, the nature with which the New York Times barely mentioned his death, has all the airs of "an inconvenient situation being swept under the rug" by TPTB.  




 The coroners are saying that it could take up to 6 weeks to determine an official cause of death, what we have to do in the meantime is keep this story as fresh and robust as possible in people's memories; so when the near certain bullshit cause of death is revealed, at least a decent amount of people's bullshit radar will be going off. 

To say that Michael Hastings was a danger to the military establishment is a gross understatement, the amount of enemies he made by triggering the General McChrystal resignation are innumerable. So many military careers and potential promotions were derailed when the chain of command was upended by Hastings. 

I think at best this was a sloppy, public hit on a journalist by TPTB, who had already made his share of powerful enemies and was quite possibly about to uncover yet another scandal in Washington. At worst this was a clear message to investigative journalists around the country to start toeing the company line.  




 Power does not corrupt. Fear corrupts... perhaps the fear of a loss of power. 
 John Steinbeck 




 Point taken, but at the same time, saying something is "Huxleyian" doesn't have the same air of impending doom as saying something is Orwellian, chalk it up to marketing , IDK. 
 




 The end of that clip was terrifying, it's so Orwellian the way she exclaimed: "We KNEW they were listening to our calls!" it sort of sounded like : "We've always been at war with Eurasia."
Then that whole segue at the end where they previewed their next segment about people being addicted to texting/smartphones. Obvious agenda much ? Everything after Greenwald was pure spin and character assassination of Mr. Snowden.  




 "Microsoft, Yahoo, Google, Facebook, PalTalk, AOL, Skype, YouTube, Apple. PalTalk, although much smaller, has hosted significant traffic during the Arab Spring and in the ongoing Syrian civil war.
Dropbox , the cloud storage and synchronization service, is described as coming soon." 




 For anyone wondering: Shart means a bet in Hindi.  




 Hey InfiniteSource nice BRAND NEW ACCOUNT you're serving your corporate overlords well here today, just 1 quick question shill, how do you sleep at night? Does your back hurt from all that hard astroturfing work you do all day for GMO's ?   




 For the trolls like AnSq, on this thread, it's not the government it's self that is paying these contractors, it's special interests groups like Crossroads GPS, the NRA, or a slew of other conservative interests groups that are simply vastly underrepresented on the Internet on social media sites, which are also a popular venue for political discourse. Dick Cheney isn't sitting around wondering why his hunting photos aren't getting more likes on FaceBook, that's Karl Rove and his army of suits and PR agent's job. BTW, this happens all the time, to anyone who can't guess this post was mainly in response to the naked shilling that has taken place on this sub, and the rest of the Internet courtesy of Monsanto and their army of subcontractors. If I had to present a solution to the problem, I'd probably have to go with the very unpopular among new users, 30 day old account requirement to post on r/conspiracy. Also the majority of the accounts I've seen nakedly shilling for Monsanto are pretty knew, and their overview is saturated with down voted comments, I thought this was common knowledge.
http://www.insanemedia.net/forum-shill-gets-busted-ats-and-glp-censor-n-7015a/2924
http://neurobonkers.com/2012/01/09/rise-of-the-astroturfer/
http://www.alternet.org/story/150049/corporate-funded_online_'astroturfing'_is_more_advanced_and_more_automated_than_you_might_think
http://www.searchinfluence.com/2011/04/astroturfing-comes-to-social-media-what-reddit-can-teach-us/
http://www.dailykos.com/story/2010/02/26/841001/-Announcing-the-Unofficial-Post-Shill-and-Astroturf-Watch# 




 Remember, Big Brother is always watching.    




 How about a round of applause for the PR department at Monsanto working overtime on a Saturday, Memorial day weekend just to spread a little more disinformation, and log some serious man/shill hours to manipulate public opinion, whatever the hell that is. I've been perusing the different mainstream websites and this global protest was barely a blip on their radar. I wonder how many new social media accounts were set up across the Internet to shill for Monsanto, thousands, tens of thousands? When does astroturfing online political forums by special interests group and corporations become something Congress gives a fuck about ? Course if Congress gave a shit about the general population this protest wouldn't have been necessary in the 1st place. With this corporate media and astroturfed Internet it makes u wonder when it will get noticeably absurd to the flock of sheep that watch the mainstream news, that it's all a sham, there could be looting and riots in the street outside your home as Fox   Friends prattle on about the War on Christmas. Grocery stores being looted and the military on the streets whilst the #1 story on Huffingtonpost is about Lindsay Lohan's latest arrest. Seriously though fuck paid shills, they irreparably damaged Internet discourse.  




 "Should the honey bee ever vanish from the face of Earth, humans would only last another 4 years." 
 -	Albert Einstein 




 Wow, CNBC has been criticized by everyone from Jon Stewart to complicit pawns in Congress for not doing a good enough job covering the financial crisis. There have also been outright accusations of CNBC acting as a PR/disinformation mouthpiece for the big banks and financial firms throughout the so called Great Recession and it's lead up. When CNBC FINALLY reports something noteworthy that doesn't look like it was vetted by PR firms, the $34 trillion lawsuit, the Senior VP's kids get murder-suicided by their nanny ? Looks like someone wanted to send a statement, BTW this happened last	October but I don't remember hearing anything about it in the mainstream, you'd think they'd be all over this 1, news network's VP's kids killed by evil Russian nanny, I'm no journalist but that sounds like gold Jerry ! Seems like it hit too close to home and other news media executives took notice, honestly I don't see how even by avoiding the lawsuit story angle this story wasn't everywhere, it was a blip, then it was gone, almost as if it was swept under the rug.  




 Just today someone on HuffingtonPost (I know), told me that conspiracy theorists are lazy and look for the easiest answer because they don't feel like doing the research. This was coming from a mainstream media Zombie who probably literally allows himself to drool as he switches between Fox, CNN, and MSNBC, like a baby being spoon fed. The antithesis of laziness would be to do your own research and wade into the conspiracy spectrum. Laziness would be allowing the same corporations that stand to make a fortune off of going to war tell you why the United States should go to war. Anyone who's combed the Internet for an alternative history of banking, wars, or genocide can tell you it's exhaustive work. I sometimes reminisce to how much happier I was back when I was just getting my "news" from Brian Williams and NBC, like a docile sheep, with an unoccupied patch of grass in the sun.  




 Great, now because of this useful idiot, trigger happy Americans will only get further entrenched in the idea that terrorism is a real threat. 1 idiot with a cleaver in London, is going to justify another trillion in defense spending to build instruments of death no one needs, shoot if the media hypes this 1 up enough they can spin it into another wrongful invasion/occupation of a Middle Eastern nation so the U.S army can liberate the oil and give more freedom to the U.S dollar, sure that works.  




 Awesome, simply awesome.  




 Banking, by far it's banking.
Give a man a gun and he can rob a bank. Give a man a bank and he can rob the world.  




 Well, so much for the so called "Internet Candidate" I suppose.  




 What's the difference between a dead cat on the highway and a dead banker on the highway? 
There are skid marks around the cat. 




 $100 - Mayer Amsel Rothschild
$50 -   Baron Nathan Mayer Rothschild 
$20 -   James Meyer de Rothschild 
$10 -   Sir Anthony de Rothschild
$5  -   Lord Evelyn de Rothschild 
 




 OP better be careful he's bringing to much truth to this sub, cue the JDIF and occupation apologists calling me an anti-Semite based on nothing more than it being a reactionary self defense method that has served them well over the years in debates. Unfortunately for them I'm not white so I have no white or German guilt for them to take advantage of. Jewish people are genetically the same as Caucasian people, an Israeli population geneticist just confirmed this. The fact that Jewish people get all of this preferential treatment from the US and the UN is ridiculous, Jewish people are NOT a minority, real minorities in America, which are mostly poor people of color, don't consider Jews a minority, just a subset of white. For Gods sake look at their level of affluence, political, and business power they have amassed in America where they're supposedly being racially persecuted, gimme a fucking break, how gullible do u think I am ?  




 That's the 1st thing I thought of too.  




 'MURICA!!! FUCK YEA !!! GREATEST COUNTRY IN THE WORLD !!!  




 Few people have driven my present day worldview as much as this kind sage. The 1st time I watched the "Religion is Bullshit" clip on YouTube I was 17 and couldn't believe someone had taken on that topic so bluntly. I was just getting into Carlin beginning in 2006 then he died in 2007 and I became a rabid fan of his. Anyways the point is if Carlin could see the shit that is going on today, the bank bailouts, the looting of 401k's, and the talk of handing Social Security to the criminals on Wall Street he would be turning in his grave. He called the great Social Security Swindle that Congress is deliberating right now 10 years ago and about a dozen other things. George Carlin IS simply prophetic.  




 Worst yet were all of the agent provocateurs down at these protests. The agent provocateurs are the lawbreaking, violent ones that justify violence against the peaceful protesters, the agent provocateurs look like cops and talk like cops too, they're just uber well groomed guys with buzz cuts, jack boots, and band T-shirts.  




 I don't remember hearing anything about it and I couldn't find an Internet article from the mainstream media about this story. Just a DailyKos article and this 1 by Current.  




 As a former Occupier from Occupy Philadelphia, this is sickening, but its part of a trend of stifling 1st amendment rights by another name that is prevalent in the legal system. To this day watching that Philly cop nightstick that skinny, white kid the night that camp was overrun is 1 of the most frightening things I've ever seen in my life. I'll never look at a cop the same way again.  




 I can't believe this is going to be going on another 20 years, they just won't be happy until all of this ill will fostered in the Middle East courtesy of the U.S military creates an ACTUAL terrorist threat. If they're talking about the domestication of drone usage in America now, there's no way that nightmare doesn't come to fruition over the next 2 decades. How is the public so stupid ? We've had this faceless, undefined enemy for 12 years and we're quietly excepting another 2 decades worth of wasted resources like docile, patriotic, sheep. The novel 1984, should be a required part of the curriculum for high school students across America, of course the way this warmongering government is going it's more likely 1984 will be banned in public schools before its a part of the curriculum.  




 If she's not careful she could go the way of Senator Wellstone, he was also an outspoken critic of business as usual in Washington, except in his case it was the military industrial complex that brought his plane down.  




 Hmm, never thought I'd agree so vehemently about anything with a dogmatic, pedophile apologist but here we are. I guess my hatred for bankers out ranks my contempt for the  professional hypocrites that populate the Vatican.   




 This is a good list, it's hilarious when people say that corporations like Exxon or Apple are the largest corporations on Earth, and they they start citing market share and things like that but they don't stop to take into account that the foundation of the entire economic system, banks, are also private, for profit corporations, that exist only to create indebted masses. How could Exxon or Apple be more valuable than the banks that are backed by the entire Federal government and underwritten by our taxpayer dollars. Let's see how quickly the government would intervene with a multibillion dollar bailout for Apple and Google because they were to big to fail, no of course not, they would just allow Samsung to take over the market share and American tech start ups would get more R D investment. To this the critics say "oh well the banks provide a valuable service", well to that I'd retort, that I'd consider it valuable if they would at least let the taxpayer bend over first of their own volition instead of violently bending the taxpayer over the table and reaming us out.  




 Jack Ruby was also born Jacob Leon Rubenstein, why he changed his name I guess we'll never know. My guess, he didn't want to make it to obvious which group of people would benefit the most from the "single bullet/lone gunmen" theories. Kennedy had a non  interventionist foreign policy, which basically meant he would let Israel do its own dirty work which they've never been good at. Kennedy's vehement denial of Operation Northwoods coupled with Executive Order 11110 were enough to get him whacked. Not fighting Israel's wars for them and issuing gold and silver bonds to the tune of $5 billion in debt-free currency in effect circumventing the Federal
 Reserve, is evidently enough for a sitting U.S President to have his head blown off on live TV and not have anyone do anything about it.  




 I'd upvote this a thousand times if I could. It would've been a million hypothetical upvotes if it weren't for all the spelling errors.  




 Oh no someone said something bad about Jewish people on the Internet! Here comes the avalanche of shills yelling "antisemites!". The JIDF(Jewish Internet Defense League) is clearly well represented on Reddit.
Fun Fact: Reddit is owned by CondeNast, which is owned by Advance Publication, which is owned by the Newhouse family, the Newhouses are billionaire, print media tycoons. They are also aggressive Zionists who have used their influence in the media to drive a subliminal pro Israel narrative in the West decades before the Balfour Declaration was even written. 




 I posted an article about this the other day, and it got a lot of upvotes on r/conspiracy and even reached the top of the page. Despite all the upvotes, the comment thread was saturated by what looked like shill accounts using ad hominem attacks to discredit me and Dr. Eran Elhaik's findings. As a person of color and a 1st generation immigrant I find the fact that Jewish people who are closer to Caucasian than they'd like you to believe, use all of the advantages of this "Chosen People" blood claim to Israel to strengt their narrative. In fact Jewish people are some of the most powerful industrialists and bankers on Earth,and they still clamor for international support as an oppressed minority, when there are so many other groups who could use the resources being lavished upon the Zionist agenda. Also most actual minorities in America don't even view Jews as an actual minority, more like a subset of Caucasian, per capita Jewish people are much wealthier than any other religious or ethnic group per capita. Also there's the coincidence of Israel and AIPAC lobbying Congress to invade Iraq, Iran, Syria etc. basically because it's way easier to manipulate the war monger Americans to fight their wars for them using the media (which they also control 80% of) and off their regional enemies 1 preemptive mass troop deployment and ground invasion at a time. The fact is that Jewish people twist the oppressed minority narrative so much to the point it devalues actual victims of racial prejudices claims. Seth MacFarlane made a joke at the Oscars about how Jewish people control the media and he had the ADL (Anti Defamation League) down his throat with allegations of antisemitism and racism. All of this contributes to the narrative of America being post racial and overly politically correct, but its just sensitive Jewish special interest groups inflating the incidences of accusations of racism. BTW the entire reason the ADL was founded was to combat antisemitism, I'm on my phone and can't track down the Wikipedia link but it's there.  




 Bankers are in fact the root of all evil.  




 All that flowery: "We are all a global race man, we just need to set aside our differences and take care of Mother Earth" stuff is really nice and all in theory. Meanwhile in reality there are 1.6 million Palestinians are crammed into the Gaza Strip, of which 1 million have official "refugee" status with the UN. The Gaza Strip also has the 6th highest population density on Earth with 9,713 people per square mile in this landlocked, heavily policed, arid, baron sub-nation. Of course if you look at events in human history in 600 million year time spans, humans fighting humans over land is inconsequential but those aren't the units of measurement we are working with. Thousands of people that were children in 1948 when the original exodus occurred are still alive today; living on that tiny strip of land bouncing around between temporary borders; no nation to call home and through no fault of your own. The Palestinian people didn't get themselves persecuted all across Asia, the Middle East, and all of Europe and get themselves practically chased out of nations with torches. Look at what they have been reduced to; Gaza is a humanitarian crisis, as Israeli's are living in relative luxury on what used to be; just a generation ago Palestinian land and was that way for more than a thousand years. The Palestinian have become an international spectacle, they were not the world's burden, and now they have been reduced to 2nd class citizens in their own backyard. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_GDP_(nominal)_per_capita
http://www.infoplease.com/ipa/A0934666.html
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gaza_Strip#Gaza_blockade 




 Yes, but isn't there a point in the evolution of human civilization where a Manifest destiny foreign policy is no longer acceptable ? Maybe 1 of the reason it's been so hard for "the Chosen People" to assimilate themselves in far flung nations and remain in said nation for an extended period of time  before being expelled. Notice Mongolia is no longer sending hoards of Mongols into China, it becomes antiquated after a while.  




 I don't think people here in America spend enough time recognizing the fact that 725,000 Palestinians were displaced and turned into refugees in 1948. Since 1948 their situation has gotten bleaker as it has become abundantly obvious that neither the United States, the UN, England or anyone else would be willing to back at the absolute rights for Palestinians living in destitution on the Gaza strip in refugee tents without access to water or electricity. 725,000 people, it may not seem like much but that's more people than live in Memphis, Washington or Boston. Imagine if the international community told the citizens of 1 of those U.S cities they would have to leave immediately and start their lives over again from square 1 in a tent in and around the old Super Dome, only this Super Dome is in the middle of the desert. Here in the United States things like that are only acceptable when they happen to black or brown people, and that is the entire crux of what I am trying to  say, Jewish people share more common DNA with Europeans and Asians particularly Slavic and Turkish than they do with people with Middle Eastern ancestry. This is about acknowledging a fact, I don't understand why we trust DNA in every other facet of life like determining criminal cases or the paternity of a child, yet this DNA is wrong or suspect because it doesn't fit the establishment's agenda. 
8 million Khazar's did not simply vanish into thin air, they converted to Judaism, and it is simply much easier politically for a group of people who are NOT believed to be Caucasian to occupy a nation in the Middle East than it would be for Caucasian's or at least it should be in theory. The problem is, real minorities in America, people of color and 1st generation immigrants, myself included in both categories barely consider Jewish people to be a minority, they are basically Caucasian at a glance and are also more affluent per capita than Caucasian's in Western Europe and the U.S. I know there is no such thing as birthright to a piece of land, but at the same time, Americans have never all collectively been ran out of their nation and turned into 2nd class citizen on what used to be their soil, a humiliation Palestinians deal with everyday. Look I'm a super liberal guy and I have a HELL of a lot more in common with the average person of Jewish descent than I would with the average Palestinian what with the fundamentalist religion and all that, but right is right, and pushing people out of their country to correct an injustice that occurred thousands of years ago is not right. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Khazars#Theory_of_Khazar_ancestry_of_Ashkenazi_Jews 




 "Some point" doesn't warrant the modern day Manifest Destiny that is Israel's foreign policy in the Middle East. Israel's militant ways were on display this past Sunday when they attacked Syrians in Syria. All Zionists have in the Middle East as a foothold is this brief, erratic, cyclical nomadic wandering, and their own purported geneaoligic evidence of not being Caucasian, at least they did. That is not enough to justify this near 7 decade long military occupation and ensuing humanitarian disaster.  




 Yea but the Italians and Greeks aren't managing an ongoing humanitarian crisis in Israel by forcing 726,000 Palestinians off of their land and in the process of keeping them off of that land killing many tens of thousands more.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Estimates_of_the_Palestinian_Refugee_flight_of_1948#Final_estimates 




 To everyone here calling me an anti-semite:
A. You are predictable and boring.
B. Anyone who doesn't understand the inherent importance of this is being willfully ignorant of its magnitude.
C. Muslims are 2nd class citizens in Israel, and don't get me started on the perpetual humanitarian crisis that is the Gaza Strip.
D. Jewish people FORCED PALESTINIANS OFF OF THEIR LAND, they have no interest in living alongside Muslims and do what they can to create an atmosphere of intolerance against them. 
E. Their only claim to the land is from the Bible, nothing genetic, they may have in the tradition of nomadic people, blown through the area, but the historical claim belongs to the Palestinians, they lived there MUCH LONGER. 
F. 8 million Khazar's do not vanish, they simply do not, unless you're saying they were wiped out in a genocide, and I think it's best we don't stray into that area.
G. This is what Mahatma Gandhi has to say on the issue of Israel, and from what I hear he's kind of a pacifist:
Palestine belongs to the Arabs in the same sense that England belongs to the English or France to the French. It is wrong and inhuman to impose the Jews on the Arabs... Surely it would be a crime against humanity to reduce the proud Arabs so that Palestine can be restored to the Jews partly or wholly as their national home
 Mahatma Gandhi 




 That was great, so it was about the privatization of the press in America, I imagine it's a pretty well known fact amongst r/conspiracy subscribers that 96% of the media in the United States is owned by just 5 corporations, those 5 being GE, VIACOM, COMCAST, NEWSCORP   DISNEY.  Of course in Kennedy's day there were more than 60 independent news organization's, I don't think even Kennedy could have foreseen the erosion of the media to the extent that it has in such as short period of time. He gave this speech in 1961 and since then the media has been collectively bought and sold more times than I care to analyze.  




 The banker all the way to the left in that picture who has that permanently smug "Just stole your 401k" air  about him is Lloyd Blanfein, the CEO of Goldman Sachs, probably the most dangerous executive in the known Universe.  




 For some reason any Rothschild-related posts on r/conspiracy draw an even higher amount of shills like "BernankewasRight". That act as nothing but transparent PR mouthpieces for the banks.  




 This is so true, NPR Planet Money is an absolute joke, there isn't a thing that they've squarely blame on the bankers. There's always an extenuating circumstance or something they can blame the consumer for. When they interview bankers its to depict them as heroic or as martyrs for making a little less. Hmph Planet Money, more like Planet Shill.  




 He says right in the beginning of the article that he believes the players are different which leads you to believe the Rothschild's are no longer involved, but he doesn't name names of any prominent families or lone billionaire banker tycoons that could be. I wish he would've elaborated a bit further, something like: "The Rothschild's fixed the price of everything until ... ". By not listing a single other family like the Morgans, which leads me to believe that they absolutely are still involved. 




 Elizabeth Warren is forever upvote worthy to me.  




 Chronic. 




 POWERFUL PARANORMAL TV SHOW !!! I hope it doesn't interfere with the podcast at all though.  




 Anyone who still questions if the CIA implemented an unsuccessful coup d'etat on Hugo Chavez in 2002 is either like actually retarded, or works for the U.S government. 




 Try going on Huffingtonpost and posting a comment that states the fact that the Federal Reserve is a private bank operated for profit to a small, undisclosed group of private shareholders. You'll get a cascade of comments from faceless shill accounts using ad-hominem attacks to discredit your character. It's some serious Orwell shit.  




 No mention of either Rothschild or Rockefeller money there though, besides even if they did find any you certainly wouldn't be able to read about it in the New York Times. 




 As I begin typing this I am ready to be downvoted and called an antisemite, but this website Reddit is owned by CondeNast which is owned by the billionaire Newhouse family from the aforementioned article. They are 1 of the 6 families that dictate the narrative for the rest of the 96%	of the media they control to spin. The fact no 1 is allowed to say it out loud is ridiculous, there's a reason CurrenTV and Al-Jazeera are minisculed and demonized by Western media entities, its because they represent 2%	of the 4%	of the media they don't control.  




 Joe, what is the best fight you've ever seen UFC or otherwise?  




 Few men have been as prolific or as prophetic as this kind sage.  




 "America is a nation with 1 political party that has 2 wings and represents 3% of the citizenry."
-	Gore Vidal 




 What a perfectly crafted piece of disinformation, by the way Woodrow Wilson would go on to say this of the Federal Reserve Act of 1913:
"I am a most unhappy man. I have unwittingly ruined my country. A great industrial nation is controlled by its system of credit. Our system of credit is concentrated. The growth of the nation, therefore, and all our activities are in the hands of a few men. We have come to be one of the worst ruled, one of the most completely controlled and dominated Governments in the civilized world no longer a Government by free opinion, no longer a Government by conviction and the vote of the majority, but a Government by the opinion and duress of a small group of dominant men." -Woodrow Wilson, after signing the Federal Reserve into existence 




 Men of Reddit and Harry Potter fans, are we thinking the same thing, "Petrificus Totalus" with that facial expression.  




 Reddit is owned by CondeNast, which is owned by Newhouse Publications which is owned by the Newhouse family. The Newhouse family are PROMINENT Zionists, and their family has owned newspaper and magazine publications since the 1880's. You know how people say Jews control the media well the Newhouse family is 1 of about 6 Jewish families that dictate  the mainstream media narrative. 
 




 Joe Rogan's podcast dabbles with all of the conspiracy theories, but it only does so in a comedic narrative so know that going in. 




 I don't know who won but Halliburton sure can't be upset with the outcome, billions in no bid government contracts to rebuild Iraq. Personally signed off on by their former CEO Dick Cheney/Vice President/Heartless Devil-Goat human hybrid creature.  




 War will exist until that distant day when the conscientious objector enjoys the same reputation and prestige that the warrior does today.  ~John F. Kennedy 




 The release of atom power has changed everything except our way of thinking... the solution to this problem lies in the heart of mankind.  If only I had known, I should have become a watchmaker.  ~Albert Einstein 




 The pioneers of a warless world are the [youth] who refuse military service.  ~Albert Einstein
 




 You cannot prevent and prepare for war at the same time.  ~Albert Einstein
 




 Well its a good thing we are wiping out bees then, since 2002 bee populations have seen a stunning case of colony collapse disorder. Most scientists agree it has to do with a pesticide made by Bayer called Poncho that the FDA approved in 2001.  




 Yea that's who we should feel bad for, the drone pilots. 
"Oh woe is me I'm a drone pilot and I spend my nights tossing and turning in bed because of the atrocities I voluntarily signed up to commit." 




 Well it may seem crude but I'd still use it before I resorted to using Apple Maps for navigation.  




 TAKE IT! JUST TAKE THE LEG! 




 The fact that Argo won best picture over Django is a crime, anyone with eyes could tell u which movie was better. Where was the drama in Argo, OH NO WHITE PEOPLE BEING RACIALLY PROFILED BY AIRPORT SECURITY BY IRANIANS THE HORROR!!! 




 Yea ancient people also didn't have to worry about their government unnecessarily fluoridating their drinking water to keep them sedated, docile, and compliant with the corporate agenda.  




 "Priests...dread the advance of science as witches do the approach of daylight and scowl on the fatal harbinger announcing the subversions of the duperies on which they live."
- Thomas Jefferson, Letter to Correa de Serra, April 11, 1820
 




 Powerful.  




 Why they gotta give me my man Benedict such a hard time, all he's trying to do is discourage people from using contraception thereby exponentially increasing their likelihood of getting sexually transmitted diseases like HIV/AIDS.  




 Classy yet understated, well played peacock.  




 The last time a white tiger was seen in the wild was in 1959, they don't exist naturally anymore, tiger populations in general are plummeting around the world and have been since the 1850's with the arrival of the British in India. Today the biggest market for the remaining 3200 wild tigers left on Earth is China, which voraciously sponsors poaching in India, which is home to half of all remaining wild tigers.  




 I'd make shady Wall Street banking illegal, like all of the shenanigans that caused the foreclosure crisis.  




 That giraffe looks like it just had a stroke.  




 I'm very surprised Reddit allowed this to b posted or just downvote it into oblivion. 




 Well this definitely should b in r/politics, also this is the 1st time I can appreciate something these Republican Senators from Kentucky have voted in favor of. So many confused feelings welling up in my bleeding liberal heart.  




 The problem with saying anything about this issue is that the moment you do you are labeled an anti-Semite. Look at how the anti-Defamation League came after Saturday Night Live for their sketch last week on the Chuck Hagel confirmation and Israel. 




 Bill Maher is good people, this is a fact. He's superior to Jon Stewart because Stewart acts as if both parties are equally insane and corrupt and that simply isn't true.  




 Everyone involved in this obvious attempt to dupe the viewers should be fired, propaganda foisted upon the viewer plain and simple. 




 She has more balls than the rest of Congress combined, hopefully she can jail some of these greedy, scumbag, bankers. 




 They have actually figured out how to manufacture diamonds in Russia, that doesn't change the fact that Di Biers has a monopoly on the diamond market. 




 Road Trippin' - the Red Hot Chili Peppers 




 Just goes to show you how much bullshit the myth of the "liberal media" really is, here you have the New York Times, a publication that touts itself as the epitome of liberalism, shilling for traditional petroleum powered vehicles. The media is as liberal as their wealthy, conservative agenda oriented executives allow them to be; the New York Times is 88% owned by the billionaire Ochs-Schulzberger family, and another 8% is owned by Carlos Slim the worlds richest man. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_New_York_Times#Ownership 




 Marco Rubio was given his job by wealthy, white billionaires like the Koch brothers to try to convince the Hispanic community to vote AGAINST their own economic and immigration interests. Those dry mouth noises are the sound of what little integrity Rubio has getting stuck in his throat as he realizes that he is truly an Uncle Tom to the Hispanic community.  




 What I would tell this amateur philosopher is that gravity which was first theorized by Newton in 1676 didn't become completely accepted and lose the "theory stigma" until 1915 with Einstein's theory of Relativity. Would you really want to align yourself with the mouth-breathers and cousin fornicators that considered gravity a "theory" in 1914.  




 Amazing, 8"11 and he still couldn't grab a rebound.  




 I hate all superheroes who happen to have billions of dollars of inherited wealth laying around and what you to think it has nothing to do it, You know what I would do if I had billions of dollars in old money laying around my whole life? I'D BE A FUCKING SUPERHERO!!! Not because I'm a remarkable person, it's because I'm 23 and have a regular job that I hate.  




 Or he could be saying : "One day I'll be a big snitch, making sure people get arrested for possessing small amounts of marijuana!" 
 




 Stewie Griffin: But where do we find uranium in WWII Europe? 
Brian Griffin: There's only one place, at the top secret atomic research facility... in Berlin. 
Stewie Griffin: Wait a minute, Germany's building Weapons of Mass Destruction? Well, why doesn't America go in there and kick their asses? 
Brian Griffin: I don't know 
[slowly turns toward the camera] 
Brian Griffin: maybe because they don't have any oil? 
Stewie Griffin: Oooooohhhh... 
[he applauds] 
Stewie Griffin: oh clap clap clap clap clap!  




 Atheism is a non-prophet organization. 
- George Carlin 
 




 The majority of jails   prisons in Louisiana are privately owned and are considered for profit businesses. It's no coincidence that Louisiana also happens to have some of the most Draconian drug laws with long sentences for drug offenders. The company that runs a large share of those prisons the Corrections Corporation of America or CCA as its known on Wall Street lobbies Louisiana lawmakers for the toughest drug laws and of course they do the same with Congress.  




 "I used to work at fire hydrant manufacturing plant, it was horrible couldn't park anywhere near the place."
- Steven Wright 




 Typical BBC news fluff piece, no mention of the Pope's role in the systematic protection of pedophiles within the church's ranks. This man should be brought up an array of obstruction of justice charges in pedophilia cases crossing borders and continents. Instead the world celebrates his achievements in dividing the masses and stifling civil rights and scientific innovation.  




 I would love to see Quentin Tarantino's take on the Native American genocide, there's so many revenge angles that could be worked there.  




 The Singularity is near. 




 Christoph, its Christoph Waltz.  




 I don't know about you guys but I for one can't wait until they have to use that water for fracking so we can get some OIL!, That's what we need in America natural gas at any cost, even drinking water, I mean we like water but we NEED OIL!  




 SCIENCE!  




 In other news the sun rose today.  




 Iceland better be careful or the U.S will end up invading them because "they hate us for our freedom" or "they have nuclear weapons" or because "they want to get nuclear weapons" or whatever other bullshit Rupert Murdoch needs to make up to sell a senseless war to an ignorant public.  




 So I get caught with marijuana and a bowl and get a $500 fine and 6 months of probation in the great state of Pennsylvania, but in New York bankers can burn down the economy, stand next to it   use $100 bills to light their cigars,   nothing. Hmph, justice in America.  




 POWERFUL TURNING SIDE KICK !!! 




 DAMN NATURE, YOU SCARY!!! 




 Here in America we are descended in blood and in spirit from revolutionists and rebels - men and women who dare to dissent from accepted doctrine. As their heirs, may we never confuse honest dissent with disloyal subversion. 
~ Dwight D. Eisenhower 
 




 Capitalism is the legitimate racket of the ruling class
 Al Capone quotes (Famous American gangster in the 1920s and 1930s. 1899-1947) 




 Every 30 minutes a farmer in India commits suicide due to Monsanto, with approximately 250,000 suicides in the last 16 years, 16 years ago Monsanto was given carte blanche in India as well. 
http://naturalsociety.com/monsantos-gmo-seeds-farmer-suicides-every-30-minutes/ 




 The Church is not taxed in the United States and according to a study from the University of Tampa this exemption costs the U.S $71,000,000,000.00 a year, but hey who cares about the federal deficit its not as important as a healthy legal defense fund for pedophiles. 
http://www.patheos.com/blogs/friendlyatheist/2012/06/16/the-yearly-cost-of-religious-tax-exemptions-71000000000/ 




 Of course Batman beat Superman, Batman is a heroic, billionaire capitalist, whereas Superman works for the press, trying to enlighten the masses and expose the seedy nature of reality. Superman came here from another planet to fight crime, making him the ultimate immigrant, whereas Batman, we know he comes from good Wayne family stock, old money. Only in America would the industrialist with no superpowers with to much time on his hands defeat an alien with super powers. Meanwhile Monday morning Bruce Wayne is going to hire lobbyists to pressure Congress to pass legislation that would break up the unions at Wayne Industries which would benefit him in a bevy of ways.  




 Wait, wait, so you're telling me that Mississippi, by far the poorest state in the country also happens be the most religious state in America, gee I wonder why. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_U.S._states_by_income
http://www.pewforum.org/how-religious-is-your-state-.aspx 




 Q: What is the definition of safe sex down in Mississippi? 
A: Placing signs on the animals that kick.  




 That's because in 2 more presidential cycles the average ago of registered Republicans will be warm corpse.  
























 R/news banned me for what was supposed to be a 1 month suspension but has since become a perpetual suspension,  without any notification or reason,  other than only the mod that banned you can unban you. This ban came suddenly after I complained about Bipolarbear0's censorship directly to the mods of r/news.  I complained about Bipolarbear0 to the mods of r/news and the next time I posted an article about Israel/Palestine I was banned for posting opinion/analysis pieces. Pretty fucked up, you can't complain about the mods without being banned. 




 This post is complete bullshit.  How the fuck is this at the top of the page ? I see a lot of people complaining about the decline of this sub over the last few months but this post really underlines it. How the fuck can this guy liken a Jewish banking conspiracy to aliens or reptilians ? Its as if the Rothschild dynasty never occurred,  look at the Board of Governors for the Federal Reserve for Christ's sake. This has to be the shittiest meme I've ever seen on here, and it's completely antithetical to what this sub stands for,  it completely disparages us Free Thinkers,  and yet there it is at the top of the page, mocking us. This post is above the 1 about Michael Hastings,  a real life conspiracy involving government assassination programs. I think this sub has been too badly compromised, its a shell of what it once was. Aliens, what nonsense.  I like my conspiracy theories how I like my data storage,  terrestrial,  fuck the cloud and fuck this meme.  




 Thank you, and yes I do feel like an idiot right now.  




 The whole time Rick was tussling with that guy in the bathroom I couldn't help but think think:

'How do the other guys not here them up there breaking things and what not ? '  




 So you just directly contradicted yourself, 1st you said:

"They would have to already be monopolies in their current areas for your claim to be true."

Then you said:

"So then my point stands, they are already currently in a monopoly in your area."

WTF ? 
Cognitive dissonance much ?  




 See, if you look at the drug war from a purely economic point of view, the role of the government is to protect the drug cartel. That's literally true.


 Milton Friedman 




 I believe it, it's obscene how much clout Comcast has, I'm typing this from Center City Philadelphia, so I'm literally in the shadow of the Comcast Building/Comcast HQ. No one knows better than Philadelphians how badly Comcast fucks you every month, leaving you butthurt well into the next billing cycle. 

I pay $170/month for Internet, Cable and phone, and in return get the worst customer service ever and zero choice in subscribers. I've been talking about getting all of my entertainment from the internet for a long time but I haven't been able to effectively cut the cord. This merger has provided me the impetus to strike a symbolic blow against Comcast and sever the cord that has bound me to this monopolistic industry for far to long. 

What is so wrong about choice in a supposed free market ? What Comcast is doing is comparable to a corporation like Google, stopping Yahoo from allowing their service to be provided to entire regions, imagine that for a moment. Imagine if you lived in California you could choose between a Google or Yahoo search, but your friend in Seattle having to use Bing, because Bill Gates has got it like that in Washington state. 

TL?DR?
Fuck Comcast. They are the Rockefeller, Standard Oil of the 21st century.  




 He came it out of fucking nowhere and said that I, and Salon should be banned from r/conspiracy, with his fucking 2 day old, shill account. He just hijacked/derailed a thread of mine on r/politics, like literally within minutes of having commented on this article. I normally don't feed the trolls like that, but when a 2 day old account is calling for bans and censorship on r/conspiracy, who among us as an un-indoctrinated, free thinker can resist exposing them ?   




 Do what you want, take it up with the mods, IDK, more importantly you're a terrible Reddit commentator, please stop commenting on my submissions, you've totally hijacked/derailed this thread. Congratufuckinglations.  




 The mods. 

They will ban you if you flood new posts queue.  




 I'm allowed to post twice an hour, what the fuck is YOUR problem. This is the second time you've commented on 1 of my posts in 5 minutes and the 1st one was about how I, and Salon should both be banned from r/conspiracy. Looking for it now to copy   paste ... and you've deleted that comment because I exposed you as only having an account for 2 days. Thanks for your contribution to Reddit, u/-moose, "redditor for 2 days" /s.  




 "redditor for 2 days"

Really ? Thanks for the censorship suggestion Newbie. This is an important issue. Also I've posted more prescient content on r/conspiracy than your average free thinker, and anyone who's been on r/conspiracy longer than 2 days can confirm this.  




 NOOICE!  




 Alright, I'll just delete it then. 
 




 Gee, I don't know ?

Maybe because Obama didn't condone or endorse slavery, the article isn't about slavery and it has nothing to do with the subject. 




 So the fact that they are both Presidents isn't a factor at all ? Because it seems like most people would see the correlation immediately, but it appears to be lost on you. 

Yes, he owned slaves, is that the first thing you go to whenever someone brings up any of the Founders ? 

Seems like a pretty lazy observation to me, and one that completely misses the point of the comment. 

Why don't you go point out the fact that George Washington owned slaves to more people on Reddit, I'm sure no one knows about it, /s.
I'm through feeding the trolls for one evening.  




 How is that relevant ?  




 Ok, apparently he didn't say that. George Washington did say this though:

Make the most of the Indian hemp seed, and sow it everywhere!

 George Washington

Both of them did grow hemp as well. It's disappointing that Jefferson didn't say that though, I've cited that quite a lot over the years. 

http://blog.constitutioncenter.org/2012/11/busting-some-myths-about-the-founding-fathers-and-marijuana/ 




 Some of my finest hours have been spent on my back veranda, smoking hemp and observing as far as my eye can see. 

 Thomas Jefferson 




 One of the saddest lessons of history is this: If weve been bamboozled long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of the bamboozle. Were no longer interested in finding out the truth. The bamboozle has captured us. Its simply too painful to acknowledge, even to ourselves, that weve been taken. Once you give a charlatan power over you, you almost never get it back. 

 Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark 




 Herb is the healing of a nation, alcohol is the destruction. 

 Bob Marley 




 Okay, I deleted my post   used the link you provided. Thank you for linking to it.  




 Its called intelligence. 

Dolphins have a huge cerebral cortex and a complex language. 

I also don't eat pork,not for any sort of weird religious reason, but because pigs are much more intelligent than other livestock.  




 Any one of the Too Big To Fail Banks. JpMorganChase, Goldman Sachs, Bank of America, Wells Fargo etc., pick your poison America, and drink deeply. Taste that ? Its called capitalism.  




 James Corbett, of the Corbett Report and CorbettReport.com 

I consider James Corbett to be the antidote to Alex Jones. 

In these crazy times, it would appear that the only person we can trust as a news source is a Canadian, English professor,  living in the sunny climbs of Western Japan, who distributes his alternative news for very little,  if any profit.  




 You hear that ? 

That was the sound of you nailing it. 

When I sold weed in high school it was exactly for this reason. I would spend approximately $60 a week on bud on average and by selling weed I simply opted to smoke my profit. I would literally burn the potential 3 or 4 grams of profitable of buds. I basically looked at it like a slice saved is a slice earned, and then immediately thereafter burned.  




 So it's all out in the open now ...  




 I can't believe there isn't more of an effort in Japan to stop these atrocities. There's no doubt that watching the documentary film, The Cove, will make you form some opinions about the Japanese. I can't imagine why the Japanese government wouldn't want to improve Japan's image with respect to whaling and dolphin hunting. The way I see it, the Japanese and Chinese are driving all of Earth's most stunning and intelligent creatures to extinction; purely to satiate their own savage barbarism. There isn't anything racist about it, it's a fact. It used to be the Europeans, then it was briefly America and for the last 30 or 40 years China and Japan are providing the largest markets for endangered species. Prove me wrong Japanese and Chinese users of Reddit.  




 Indian here, can confirm blatant racism from US military and the families of US military. It's not appreciated. Those idiots in the comedy club only condone that meat-head vet's behavior. Yes, I understand that the comedian and the vet made up afterwards and I'm sure they had a touching, interracial interaction that warms the heart. However, it does nothing for people that have had to deal with institutionalized racism coming from the US military and it being widely condoned throughout American culture. 

You could take the most liberal, white guy from California and if a US soldier was being racist to an Indian guy at a gas station calling him Osama or some of the other favorites, sandnigger or camel-jockey and the liberal white guy would go:

"HA HA HA ! FUCK THAT GUY ! RIGHT ? YEA ! 'MERICA !"

Just to appease some sort of societal expectation of patriotism. My generation is so brainwashed in this pro-war mindset, it's really sad. I was thinking about it this past weekend watching the pre-game military ritual's before kickoff in the NFL. The overt militarism, the blind loyalty. Also, not for nothing there are more than 1.3 billion Indian people on Earth, we literally comprise 1/6 of humans. So you come as pretty fucking ignorant when you just come out and accuse all brown people of  being terrorists. Again, yes I'm aware that the vet was joking, but just imagine if someone in the audience who was white made a similar joke about a black comedian with respect to lynching ? 

BTW, I welcome the downvotes, butthurt military members and family of military members. Don't take your overt hypocrisy in condoning racism against Indian people and blasting racism in any other situation, out on me.  




 This is a very interesting story. The FBI certainly appears to be keen to tie up what could be perceived as any loose ends in relation to the Tsarnaev brothers. I wonder what it is this man knew that made the FBI torture him like that. Also how fucked is it for the parents to have to make the world view these painful, private photos; just to find out the truth. 




 "redditor for 16 minutes"

JIDF,  please go away. Has posted two comments,  both perpetuating pro-Israel propaganda and Hasbara talking points.  




 Rubber Bullet fired from gun  Rock thrown by hand 

Just for the record. 

Unless this is now up for debate as well. 
 




 He said without a hint of irony.  




 "redditor for 3 days"

JIDF, please go away.  




 Headline: 
Israeli students to get $2,000 to spread state propaganda on Facebook

http://electronicintifada.net/blogs/ali-abunimah/israeli-students-get-2000-spread-state-propaganda-facebook

That was easy. 




 http://www.thejidf.org/2010/06/volunteer-get-involved-help-support.html

http://www.hasbarafellowships.org/about-us/employment-opportunities

Try Google searching JIDF or Hasbara, but in your defense it did take me almost 30 seconds to find those sign-up/recruitment pages.  




 The US exposes AMERICANS to AMERICAN propaganda, the ISRAELI'S expose AMERICANS to ISRAELI PROPAGANDA, see the difference ? Or are you being paid to see the difference, and simply ignore it ?  




 Because the US exposes its own American citizens to American propaganda, Israel exposes American citizens to propaganda to get Americans to dislike countries in the Middle East; with the end result being the US sending Americans into the Middle East to fight and die in wars for Israel's interests. Israel is manipulating America into fighting its wars, and now they want to America to go into Syria and Iran for them. If Israel is so hellbent on restoring Greater Israel, then they should do their own dirty work. It's as simple as that, there's no Palestinian or Iranian equivalent of JIDF or Hasbara.  




 Maybe it's because there's no Arab equivalent of JIDF, there's just human beings out there that are sympathetic to the plight of the Palestinian people. The Palestinians are poor and impoverished, they are more focused on getting fuel,food and medical supplies past the Israeli blockade; they don't have the luxury of a paid Internet army of shills to astroturf, lie, shill and inundate the Internet with their propaganda. No country exposes another nations citizenry to such subversive propaganda.  




 So do you have to use a time-card to punch in for your JIDF job, or are you salary ? Does Israel give you health benefits to shill for them too ? Or are you just getting college credit to post your pro-Israel propaganda here ? People peruse the pages of Reddit as a recreational activity, not to be indoctrinated with pro-Israel propaganda. How many of these JIDF shills are there on this sub ? Keep on using your pro-Israel propaganda to justify your land grab. I try not to get in the habit of feeding the JIDF trolls, so I'm going to stop engaging with you seeing as how you're probably benefiting from the replies in some sort of bizarre JIDF, propaganda troll quota system. Here's some more links on Israel's Hasbara/JIDF propaganda program, and how it's used to manipulate American users of websites like Reddit: 

http://www.dailykos.com/story/2007/01/23/293836/-Israeli-Hasbara-Information-or-Propaganda-w-poll

http://972mag.com/israeli-universities-becoming-hasbara-mills/38929/

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jewish_Internet_Defense_Force

Wake up from your slumber Reddit, you are being barraged with propaganda courtesy of the Israeli Hasbara/JIDF program. 




 So far this thread is entirely comprised of JIDF trolls engaging in a pro-Israel circlejerk. I think Hasbara might be laying it on a little to heavy-handed, the propaganda is palpable to even the most casual of observers.  




 JIDF, please go away, get a real job. Do an honest day's work instead of subverting online political discourse with your shilling and lies. A quick scroll through your post history shows all you do is post pro-Israel propaganda on behalf of the Israeli government. This blatant propaganda being plastered all over Reddit is sickening. Here are some links proving how Israel is using JIDF trolls like /u/GeneralMunro to manipulate Americans into thinking other Americans have strong pro-Israel views:

http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2013/08/14/israel-students-social-media/2651715/

http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2013/08/14/israel-pay-students-propaganda_n_3755782.html

http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/students-offered-grants-if-they-tweet-proisraeli-propaganda-8760142.html

Don't fall for these JIDF shills. /u/generalmunro is at work right now for the Israeli government or some Israeli special interest group, and if you fall for his propaganda you are being worked. I'm sure /u/rosinthebow will be along shortly to defend his JIDF brethren, him and a bunch of other JIDF, pro-Israel propaganda agents. They could all be the same person for all we know, logging in and out of different accounts, it's pretty messed up. No other country subjects another country's citizens to internet propaganda via shills and astroturfing the way that Israel manipulates Americans.  




 I'm in, please mods, ban these trolls, a lot of these accounts strike me as JIDF at a casual glance. Anyone who unduly accuses someone of antisemitism to stifle conversation, critical of Israel should be banned. It's such an obvious subversion of the 1st rule of /r/conspiracy. All of a sudden you go from discussing the plight of the Palestinian people, to defending your credibility as an objective interpreter of events is Israel.  




 Why did we wait this long to make /u/axolotl_peyotl a moderator ? This should be at the top of the page of this sub and /r/politics, assuming counterpunch.com is even a domain that is allowed to be posted there.  




 Meanwhile, I was found ineligible for the ARD program which means that my 2012 misdemeanor marijuana possession conviction can never be expunged, and will remain on record in perpetuity.  




 Human error,  my bad.   




 Yea they do it to their own countries population,  they don't get on popular US forums for political discourse online to manipulate US foreign policy. China and America use propaganda to pacify their own citizenry,  Israel uses propaganda on Americans to sway public opinion on nations in the Middle East unfriendly to Israel.  AIPAC for instance lobbied Congress to go to war in Iraq, because it fits into a larger Israeli plan to destabilize the region. There's a big difference,  Israel is and has been attempting to control US foreign policy in the Middle East since its creation. If Israel has such a problem with Iran then they should handle that situation themselves,  instead they want Americans to go to Iran to die,  and murder innocent Iranian people. Israel should fight their own wars, or simply STFU.  




 You should change the part about the Federal Reserve to being aware that it is a privately owned banking cartel, operating for a profit for the same 7 families that have owned a stake in it these last 100 years.   




 Anything and everything Israel related gets met with an organized group of JIDF agents, acting in concert across /r/news, /r/politics, /r/worldnews, /r/conspiracy and of course the infamous /r/conspiratard trolls.  I started my Reddit career on /r/conspiracy this past February and have since moved on to posting in the larger subs, only to be met with an incredibly organized downvote brigade immediately after each Israel/zionism related post goes up. I'll literally have my lone upvote and 2 or 3 downvotes In a matter of seconds, its very frustrating. I can't get anywhere on those subs and am thinking about giving this sub the majority of my attention again. Also there's the fact that /r/news and /r/politics moderators hassle me daily, I've been banned and unbanned from /r/politics twice in the last month and am getting pretty tired of explaining to them how the AMERICAN Studies Association academic boycott of Israel is in fact US politics my eyes are going to pop out of my head,  the willing cognitive dissonance on behalf of those moderators is really unbelievable.  




 The JIDF is strong in this one.   




 JIDF ACTIVATE : FORM OF: AN ICE MENORAH !  




 It is well enough that people of the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system, for if they did, I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning.

 - Henry Ford 




 ok, I'll change it.
 




 Palestine belongs to the Arabs in the same sense that England belongs to the English or France to the French. It is wrong and inhuman to impose the Jews on the Arabs... Surely it would be a crime against humanity to reduce the proud Arabs so that Palestine can be restored to the Jews partly or wholly as their national home 

 Mahatma Gandhi 




 Ah yes the familiar ad hominem attack,  so we've reached this point in the dance.  




 Its referred to as a labor of love here in America,  keep your unnecessary u's in Israel you JIDF shill.   




 /m/todayIlearned83 told me that more than half of the article is pulled from other articles so despite being from a reputable website like BusinessInsider and being atop the page and having over 150 comment my post has been deemed Rehosted Content and will remain removed from /r/politics,  oh well back to the anarchy board.   




 What the fuck. 

This article makes my brown skin hurt.  




 UPDATE: /m/ todayIlearned83 told me that he made an error amd actually he meant to remove my post because it was Rehosted Content.  Apparently it pulled quotes from to many sources for 1 article.  WUT ? I also smell bullshit,  it was on the top of the fucking page,  let it stay up there, it was killing,  I appealed and I'll keep you guys posted,  I'm waiting on a response I was pretty diplomatic so IDK we'll see ?  




 This is the problem with Reddit, this is not a conspiracy,  this is a well known tragedy,  not a conspiracy.  Yes Jewish people turned the Palestinians into refugees and 2nd class citizens on their own land. If Jewish people have a problem with this they should stop being the most racist group of people on Earth and learn to live amongst the Palestinians peacefully. What kills me is that in America,  England and Canada Jewish people aren't even openly acknowledged as some of the most racist people, and somehow if you bring up their racism and how systemic apartheid is in Israel you are accused of being an antisemitic, racist, without a hint of irony.  




 I feel bad for you.   




 Yea, or at the top at the page. Can we have MORE picture plus 1 sentence political or social statement circle-jerks on this sub ? /s   




 I wasn't warned,  you're supposed to be given a warning,  I was just banned,  WTF ?!  




 Well Canada isn't doing it's best to send Canadian dual citizens to England to influence British foreign policy, there is no "Canadian lobby" in England; there to vote for increased Western intervention in the Middle East. America happens to have a great deal of politicians that are Jewish and therefore sympathetic to Israeli interests, coincidentally those same Jewish politicians always tend to vote in favor of bombing the hell out of other countries in the Middle East that doesn't approve of Israel. There is no Canadian equivalent of AIPAC, which tries to do its best to send young Americans off to the Middle East to fight for Israel's interests,  and at every opportunity they used their influence to put the United States on an inexorable path towards war with Iran. AIPAC, just recently put pressure on Congress and Obama to invade Syria of all places, Israel and these Israel 1st politicians just want America to do their dirty work. So now we want to put a self-admitted Zionist, Israeli dual-citizen in the 2nd most important position in terms of US finance ? That is absolutely ridiculous, it's to much of a conflict of interests. Moreover, this appointment would mean that they could not find an able economist throughout the United States to fill this position, which is something that is also ludicrous, and we need this financial wizard from Israel to come here and fix all of our monetary issues is preposterous. Also, how can you possibly compare a Canadian dual citizen, coming from Canada, a nation that isn't known for its controversial foreign policy, and also hasn't been overseeing an ongoing humanitarian disaster for the last 60+ years the way Israel has. I can't think of anytime Canada lobbied America and England to begin bombing a country in the Middle East because they didn't want to do their own dirty work. Israel is infiltrating US foreign policy at every level to ensure their own dominance in the Middle East. A quick look at the Bush Administration cabinet reveals how many of them were Israeli dual citizens, Paul Wolfowitz, Richard Pearl etc., and sure enough they had a hostile foreign policy towards nations in the Middle East. In addition really, how the fuck can anyone compare Canada and Israel, Canadians are peaceful, and Israelis, are well, from what I can tell for the most part some of the most racist people on Earth. In Israel, racism is institutional, its taught to  Israeli children in their apartheid education system, children are taught from a young age that Palestinians are subhuman. Canadians hate American warmongering in the Middle East, Israeli's encourage it at every opportunity, and Zionist American politicians quite literally bankroll politicians that they know will vote in favor of US military intervention in the Middle East to strengthen Israel's interests in the region, which consist mostly of destabilizing the region. Also not for nothing, Jewish people make up just 2% of the United States population and 10% of the US Senate, an over representation in the Senate compared to their percentage of US population, a ratio that hasn't been replicated by any other minority in America. 

http://www.politico.com/politico44/2013/11/aipac-urges-new-iran-sanctions-178352.html

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/09/14/aipac-syria_n_3923483.html

http://972mag.com/blame-israel-and-aipac-for-a-u-s-war-in-iran/48652/

http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/1.546315

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jews_and_politics_in_the_United_States

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Jewish_American_politicians

http://www.ronpaulforums.com/showthread.php?377478-List-of-Politicians-with-Israeli-Dual-Citizenship 




 /u/nesckthe44 and /u/rosinthebow are paid JIDF shills by the Israeli government, a quick glance at their post history proves as such. Palestine has no such organization as they absolutely do not have the resources and are more worried trying to get building supplies, food, water, and vital medicine into Gaza through the Israeli blockade. 

http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2013/08/14/israel-students-social-media/2651715/

http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2013/08/14/israel-pay-students-propaganda_n_3755782.html

http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/students-offered-grants-if-they-tweet-proisraeli-propaganda-8760142.html 




 Palestine belongs to the Arabs in the same sense that England belongs to the English or France to the French. It is wrong and inhuman to impose the Jews on the Arabs... Surely it would be a crime against humanity to reduce the proud Arabs so that Palestine can be restored to the Jews partly or wholly as their national home


 Mahatma Gandhi 




 Ad hominem attack much ?  




 Why don't you go have a circlejerk about my account in /r/conspiratard then, you do regularly comment there after all. /r/conspiratard is infested with JIDF scum, which I suppose is the reason you're so at home there. 

Say what you want to about my account, but at least I am not being given college credit or paid by some shady Pro-Israel PR firm to espouse my beliefs on the occupation of East Jerusalem, the West Bank and Gaza. I am doing this 100% free, someone has to give the impoverished Palestinians some Internet representation. Besides I don't like to make it to easy for you JIDF shills to collect your collegiate credit or shekels or whatever the hell they pay you guys with. 

As always, Free Palestine. That is all.  




 You jest, but those types of comments are exactly what cause posts like mine to be removed. If you were being sarcastic then you should have marked /s after your comment. How is anyone supposed to know you're joking, but then the entire post gets removed because of your complacency. The majority of the time that Jewish people make racist jokes on Reddit about themselves they don't identify themselves as being part of the tribe, and the entire post subsequently is removed. In addition, judging by the content that I post about Israel, one could easily understand how a sympathizer of Israel is pleased with the end result my post critical of Israel being removed. Every time you make a racist joke about Jewish without self identifying as a Jewish person I will report your comment, because by not commenting sarcastically you're painting all critics of Israel and the people that have upvoted my post as racist, anti-semites. Please try to pay attention or I will report your post for racism, indicate your sarcasm with an /s or identify as Jewish person, if you don't you make us look bad, which I imagine would align with your interests quite nicely.  




 I did not post this article to promote anti-semitic tropes sir. I'd encourage you not to engage in any racism on this thread as I do not condone racism in any way shape or form and shame on you for so blatantly lowering the level of discourse on this thread. I don't comment often, I'm more of a poster but I will not tolerate my posts becoming a forum for minority bashing. I am Indian, and there are as many Indian people in New York City and comparable numbers of Indian people in New York state as there are Jewish people, are you going to make some sort of taxi driver/curry joke about New York now ? What nonsense. I am reporting your comment, and will continue to do so in the future where I see fit. Take your hatred to a more close-minded sub. 

No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin, or his background, or his religion. People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love, for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite. 
 Nelson Mandela, Long Walk to Freedom 




 He said without a hint or irony.  




 James Corbett is an incomparable source of information, he is truly the antidote for Alex Jones. 

If Corbett had as many listeners as Jones and effectively became the representative for all things conspiracy, a position currently held by controlled opposition Jones, we would actually be taken seriously by people. Alex Jones has done an immeasurable amount of damage to conspiracy theorists with his ranting and raving. The mainstream media is comfortable with this paradigm, because juxtaposed to Jones they look like sane arbiters of information. What they don't want is Corbett sitting there with Anderson Cooper, professionally citing his claims in calm reasonable fashion, because that might lend us some credence. 

TL;DR ? 

If everyone who listened to Alex Jones apocalyptic sermons of gloom and doom stopped listening to Alex "never mention Zionism" Jones would subscribe to the Corbett Report, the world would be a better place.  




 Geez this guy sounds like he's the red cloak wearing ritual master in the party scene from Eyes Wide Shut too. 




 A history of false flag attacks used to manipulate the minds of the people! In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations, and epochs it is the rule.


 Friedrich Nietzsche 




 Unfuckingquestionably. 

What the fuck has anyone on this sub done to actually take a stand against their government ? None of us can even imagine being tried and found guilty of High Treason and swiftly handed a life sentence fighting simply for some semblance of an egalitarian society. I bet the majority of the people on this sub have never even attended a protest before and probably couldn't wait to shit on the Occupy protesters on websites like Reddit during those protests cause I mean fuck them right for actually doing something. 

Honestly this a serious question, how white is OP ? 

I've heard people accuse this sub of White Pride b4, but this is a seriously fucking piece of shit post. At least let the man's corpse get cold before u begin inevitably tearing him down.  

He spent 27 years in prison for the possibility that what he was doing would end the apartheid and oppression he watched his parents endure,  sorry if that doesn't impress the keyboard warriors of /r/conspiracy.  Clearly we are the real heroes /s. 

Something about the struggle of breaking free from apartheid and oppression stemming from colonial occupation must not resonate with OP. Probably difficult for most /r/conspiracy subscribers to empathize with an African, former political prisoner turned politician.

I'm not someone who comes here to accuse this sub of racism or anti semitism,  those are usually all bullshit cheap shots taken by shills and trolls.  This post however wreaks of racial undertones,  I'm neither white, black, nor African, I'm Indian living in America so Inc completely neutral here and this post does not sit right with me it just doesn't.  

TL;DR ? 

Yes Mandela is a hero, deal with it. He was no saint, his 2nd wife was a corrupt,  violent woman that would have ultimately tarnished his legacy had he not controversially divorced her and remarried a 3rd time. He kept close ties with controversial African dictators,  and I'm sure he had some skeletons in his closet as well, but a hero he remains none the less.  




 Just when you think Cheney couldn't find a way to be more of a dick.  




 Overcoming poverty is not a task of charity, it is an act of justice. Like Slavery and Apartheid, poverty is not natural. It is man-made and it can be overcome and eradicated by the actions of human beings. Sometimes it falls on a generation to be great. YOU can be that great generation. Let your greatness blossom. 

 Nelson Mandela 




 It is well enough that people of the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system, for if they did, I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning. 

 Henry Ford 




 Who made this meme ? Jesse Pinkman ?  




 Meet Noam Chomsky:Academic Gatekeeper.  

Noam Chomsky is on the forefront of an establishment co-opted academia. Chomsky for all his seemingly benevolent bespectacled insights about the state of politics in America propagates the 9/11 official story word for word when asked, and is also a proponent of the Federal Reserve System. Websites like Resdit and Democraticunderground prop him up as some sort of Dumbledore of the Internet, but don't be fooled by his faux establishment outrage. Chomsky is an academic gatekeeper and is a powerful form of controlled opposition for the elite.  James Corbett did a podcast about Mr. Chomsky exposing him as the mouthpiece for the elite that he truly is which I have linked to at the end of this comment. 

http://www.corbettreport.com/meet-noam-chomsky-academic-gatekeeper-video/ 




 James Corbett just did an amazing podcast of the Corbett Report about this very man called, Meet Noam Chomsky: Academic Gatekeeper. In the podcast Corbett asserts that Chomsky is on the forefront of an establishment co-opted academia that increasingly espouses the beliefs and talking points of a government moving in greater lock step with the military industrial, big oil, central banker operated oligopoly. The podcast analyzes how academia has gradually shifted to become more conservative in the wake of the Vietnam war, and the public relations disaster that ensued on college campuses across the United States in protest of US intervention, which was partially organized by academics that had moral codes. If you don't have time to listen to the podcast which I am linking to at the bottom  this comment, it goes into several other establishment-friendly opinions that Chomsky has supported in the past. Spoiler alert, it turns out that Mr. Chomsky has previously stated that he has no opinion about the Federal Reserve either, he also manages to do some good shill work for fiat currency, he's a real piece of work. I wish so many otherwise rational people wouldn't be so easily hooked in by has anti-Bush rhetoric and soft-spoken, bespectacled persona he has carved out for himself on websites like Reddit or Democraticunderground. At the end of the day Chomsky has nothing truly controversial or groundbreaking to offer the world political discourse, he is a co-opted academic gatekeeper, who does his best to reinforce the false right-left paradigm that plagues this nation so. In addition, I can't recommend the Corbett Report podcast enough to the subscribers of /r/conspiracy. 

http://www.corbettreport.com/episode-285-meet-noam-chomsky-academic-gatekeeper/
 




 The JIDF is strong in /r/bestof.  




 What a piece of shit comment, go fuck yourself you Zionist troll.   




 It's never quite enough for the Chosen People, is it ? 




 Please take your phony right-left paradigm to /r/politics. Who's upvoting this shit ? Honestly it makes me feel bad about the state of this subreddit.  




 The moderators of this subreddit are reprehensible,  by limiting the variety of political analysis they, in 1 fell swoop increased the echo chamber effect in /r/politics exponentially and in effect irreparably damaged this subreddit.  




 
All censorships exist to prevent anyone from challenging current conceptions and existing institutions. All progress is initiated by challenging current conceptions, and executed by supplanting existing institutions. Consequently, the first condition of progress is the removal of censorship.


 George Bernard Shaw, Mrs. Warren's Profession 




 "All censorships exist to prevent anyone from challenging current conceptions and existing institutions. All progress is initiated by challenging current conceptions, and executed by supplanting existing institutions. Consequently, the first condition of progress is the removal of censorship."

George Bernard Shaw  




 Thanks for chiming in Alex Jones.  




 Except

" The hawkish legislation, which essentially hands the president the full-force of the U.S. military if negotiations fail, comes just one week before Tehran sits down with six major powers in Geneva to discuss its nuclear program. For some foreign policy observers on the Hill, it threatens to spoil the already-delicate negotiations."  




 Thanks OP, no doubt this will be a TL;DR for many people thereby making your title that much more poignant. This post and like minded ones should be plastered across the top of /r/conspiracy in perpetuity.  




 Quite possibly the most powerful tweet ever.  




 Hello Mr. Greenwald, I wanted to know your opinion on the Guardian newspapers recent interview with legendary, muckraking journalist Seymour Hersh, and Mr. Hersh's offhandedly mentioning that in his opinion the Osama Bin Laden raid was, in his words "one big lie". What are your thoughts on the Osama Bin Laden raid, do you agree with Mr. Hersh ?  




 Hello Mr. Greenwald, first and foremost thank you for all of the incredible journalism over the last few months and over the course of your career. My question is in reference to the MARINA revelations, do you believe that the US government is actively using data gathered via the MARINA program to create a list of Americans considered, for lack of a better term as "undesirables", and based on that classification thereby likely to be targeted by the US government's various agencies for a higher level of scrutiny, such as the  IRS or the Department of Homeland Security ? I know it's quite a leap, and a journalist such as yourself doesn't make claims he isn't prepared to immediately back up with evidence, but I'm asking for purely your opinion and I would like to make that clear, any answer I receive from you will be regarded purely as speculation, unless you say otherwise at the beginning of your response.   




 The JIDF is strong in this one.  




 Keanu Reeves will forever be the One, Neo.  




 Just keep shoveling that shit shill.  




 u/BlackSwanX and this post serve as a testament to what is wrong with this subreddit.  




 October 1st is the end of the Fiscal Year, by the way, so the military rushes to expend whatever it has left on its budget before October 1st 2014 or the remaining balance may be deducted from next year's military budget, which is something that the Pentagon and the military industrial complex can not allow to happen. This is the reason that you see a lot of military drills and military activity in September, and the reason that you keep seeing the date October 1st over and over again is because it is the end of the Fiscal year, god this is such a stupid post, I honestly can't recall the last time I saw such transparent bullshit atop /r/conspiracy. This post is so stupid it makes my head hurt.  




 This was either posted by an idiot or a shill to discredit this sub, either way this is a terrible post and as someone who is India I wish we didn't gravitate towards the whole ancient alien/vimanas shit. The entire ancient alien theory is reprehensible for so many reasons, and it really drags down this subreddit. I mean, in this day and age with quantitative easing from the Federal Reserve, billion dollar bailouts for broke banks that are "Too big to fail", and an American war machine on overdrive looking for any possible reason to bomb a country with brown people and their own ideas on the banking system and this is what is getting to the top of the page, a bullshit post about ancient aliens with ZERO evidence. Why don't you try something more tangible, more realistic, MORE TERRESTRIAL. Seriously go fuck yourself if you upvoted this, because you sully the term "conspiracy theorist".  




 Freedom of the Press,
if it means anything at all,
means the freedom
to criticize and oppose 

 George Orwell 




 A history of false flag attacks used to manipulate the minds of the people! In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations, and epochs it is the rule.

 Friedrich Nietzsche 




 There will come a time when it isn't 'They're spying on me through my phone' anymore. Eventually, it will be 'My phone is spying on me'. 

 Philip K. Dick 




 For the powerful, crimes are those that others commit. 

 Noam Chomsky, Imperial Ambitions: Conversations on the Post-9/11 World 




 For the powerful, crimes are those that others commit. 

 Noam Chomsky, Imperial Ambitions: Conversations on the Post-9/11 World 




 I want to learn how to play the theme song from Breaking Bad on an acoustic guitar so bad. 

How is it that you hear a theme song for a television show, think nothing of it and 5 years later it's used in such an amazing fashion that you really can't get it out of your head at all ? 

I'm gonna have that twang stuck in my head all week and think of Walt's empty chair and what's to come next week.  




 "redditor for 9 days"

Well there is that, and the fact that Israel pays college students to tweet pro Israel propaganda   wage online comment thread battles for Israel.

http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/students-offered-grants-if-they-tweet-proisraeli-propaganda-8760142.html

http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/blogs-news-from-elsewhere-23695896

Based on that, my JIDF detector is going through the roof, so I suppose the answer to your question is Yes, I think it's possible that you could work for the JIDF.  




 Listen 869689698 as an /r/Judaism subscriber, Jewish person and ardent supporter of Israel I think any comments submitted on this topic on your behalf should be taken with a gigantic chunk of rock salt. You'll excuse me for not suspecting you of being JIDF, y'know based on your comment history, less than 2% of the US is Jewish, and yet all of you seem to be on Reddit, and very opinionated on Reddit at that.  




 "redditor for 4 days"

Substantial amount of overall comments are on articles about Israel and posting comments favorable for Zionism, must be JIDF then  




 "redditor for 4 days"

The JIDF is strong in this one.  




 Yea but they are in the minority and even then they do nothing to illuminate other Jewish people as to the problems caused by Zionism, passive or aggressive. It's just to much of an inconvenience for them because they become Black sheep in the Jewish community, personally I can't recall an instance of a Jewish person in the public arena calling Israel out on their apartheid and ethnic cleansing. With all of the famous liberal Jewish actors, comedians and television personalities you'd think at least 1 would come out against Israel. 




 Thanks for the insight JIDF shill, every other comment in your comment history is about how Zionists are amazing, and should just take over the entire Middle East, so you'll  excuse me for not readily believing the propaganda you're being paid to disseminate.

I do have a couple of questions for you, how much are they paying you ? 

What's the average worthless shill of a human being whoring themselves out for these days ? 

Do you get paid by AIPAC directly ? 
 




 "His car was found the next day at an antiques mall next to the Susquehanna River, and his county-issued laptop and hard drive were found months later in the river." 




 Reasonably prepared, I always have at least 7 days worth of chronic on me to ride out the initial storm.  




 It's never enough for Israel, is it ? Defend your own fucking military occupation ! I don't want the apartheid and ethnic cleansing in Palestine to be an Uncle Sam joint. BTW you'd think 65 years of substantial foreign aid and military aid would be enough for the Chosen People, but NOOO !!!! It's never enough for Israel.  




 This is 1 of the most fucked up statistics in politics, 1.7% of the population and 13%	of the Senate, unbefuckinglievable. ZOG (Zionist Owned Government) is in full effect.  




 We had to struggle with the old enemies of peacebusiness and financial monopoly, speculation, reckless banking, class antagonism, sectionalism, war profiteering.

They had begun to consider the Government of the United States as a mere appendage to their own affairs. We know now that Government by organized money is just as dangerous as Government by organized mob.

Never before in all our history have these forces been so united against one candidate as they stand today. They are unanimous in their hate for meand I welcome their hatred. 

  Franklin D. Roosevelt

(Obama has yet to make a speech declaring the equivalent, I'm no fan of FDR but the man nudged us in the right direction, Banking Act of 1933, Glass-Steagall, where's the financial reform you promised Mr. President ? Dodd-Frank ? Gimme a fucking break.)  




 Fascism should more appropriately be called Corporatism because it is a merger of state and corporate power 
 
   Benito Mussolini 




 BTW I'm pretty sure that the real reason ole' Woodrow is on the $1,000 bill is because when the engineered collapse of the Petrodollar takes place we'll be using stacks of $1,000 bills to buy bread like post WW1 Germany and the Rothschilds want us to remember who fucked us over a century ago.  




 FUCK Woodrow Wilson, peace of shit  ruined the entire country, BTW everyone, he was talking about the handful of Jewish families that own the Federal Reserve, the Rothschilds, the Warburgs, the Lazards etc. when he was referring to the power you can't criticize, good luck trying to convince everyone a small group of Jewish people control the entire monetary system.  




 I'm just sorry it took this near miss with Syria for people on this sub to realize who the real enemy is.  




 I know, worst yet I posted this to /r/news and it was predictably buried and ignored amid other news articles that all appeared to beating the war drums, and loudly.  




 It would be my greatest sadness to see Zionists (Jews) do to Palestinian Arabs much of what Nazis did to Jews. 
 
 Albert Einstein 




 Palestine belongs to the Arabs in the same sense that England belongs to the English or France to the French. It is wrong and inhuman to impose the Jews on the Arabs... Surely it would be a crime against humanity to reduce the proud Arabs so that Palestine can be restored to the Jews partly or wholly as their national home 

 Mahatma Gandhi 




 Poverty is the worst form of violence. 
 
 Mahatma Gandhi 




 No matter how big the lie; repeat it often enough and the masses will regard it as the truth. 
 
 John F. Kennedy 




 Jeez, no wonder they won't just go back to Poland, Hungary, Russia and Germany, as Helen Thomas implied in her now controversial video, Hungary expelled them in 1349   then again in 1360 and 4 times in total. The other countries of Eastern Europe are all featured here as well, this is what I've always contended about the Jewish people, either entire regions of Earth are hateful bigots, or Jewish people have a problem taking advantage of society. How could this many people be bigots in this many instances over the course of nearly 1800 years ? It's a completely ridiculous notion. There's no way that many groups of people over the course of nearly 1800 years have come together as a society and decided that the best course of action for the future of that society would be to expel a segment of the population that tends to find employment in the finance sector, and soon without fail become the wealthiest members of that society and use their new found wealth to subvert that societies laws by making the ruling class, nobility or government indebted to them. It's called a cycle and cycles repeat themselves, in 1939 Hitler sent 937 Jewish refugees to America on the MS St. Louis and America did not except them so there's that as well. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MS_St._Louis#Voyage_of_the_Damned 




 The tragedy of the poor is that they can afford nothing but self denial. 

 Oscar Wilde 




 The term "Jewish Human Rights Group" is ironic if not an oxymoron entirely.  




 I know, it's tragic, especially when you consider what a model human being Roger Waters is in almost every aspect of life. If these Jewish people who are professional victims successfully change the public opinion, whatever the hell that is, of Roger Waters it'll prove that up is down, black is white, and that Jewish people are able to hijack the narrative of any discussion to reduce to its semantics, like calling Roger Waters a racist, anti-Semite for calling them out on their engineered humanitarian disaster in old Palestine.  




 It really doesn't take a genius to figure out why, just google The New York Times Company and you'll see it's owned by the Sulzbergers and its so no secret the Sulzbergers have donated more than a few shekels to AIPAC   Israel over the years. 




 It's called a link.  




 Not to mention Lloyd Blankfein at Goldman Sachs, I'm pretty much certain Goldman Sachs of all financial firms is only allowed to hire Jewish people to top positions, it's so explicit in the name that only Jewish people can make it there to positions of power.  




 All I'm going to say is that I've never even heard of a poor Jewish person, they are all rich, in the Philadelphia area where I reside, the most affluent townships and neighborhoods in Philadelphia are entirely Jewish. I really have never heard of a Jewish person being even lower middle-class, it just doesn't happen. There are to many other Jewish people in high places, especially Ashkenazi Jewish people to allow a fellow tribe member to struggle in any way. It's pretty much racism to the umpteenth degree, Jewish people only hire and promote other Jewish people. Perfect example David Stern is the NBA commissioner and his replacement, whom he handpicked is the Deputy NBA commissioner Adam Silver, Adam Silver will be the 5th NBA commissioner in the NBA's history and the 3rd Jewish person to hold the position. Mind you there have only ever been approximately 40 Jewish people to ever play in the NBA in it's history. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Jews_in_sports#Basketball

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adam_Silver 




 Who's upvoting this shit ?

It can't all be shills and trolls, how many idiots are on r/conspiracy ? 

Is the spike in subscribers manifesting itself in these nonsensical posts making it to the top of the page and then remaining there suspended in mediocrity ?  




 The conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element in democratic society. Those who manipulate this unseen mechanism of society constitute an invisible government which is the true ruling power of our country. ...We are governed, our minds are molded, our tastes formed, our ideas suggested, largely by men we have never heard of. This is a logical result of the way in which our democratic society is organized. Vast numbers of human beings must cooperate in this manner if they are to live together as a smoothly functioning society. ...In almost every act of our daily lives, whether in the sphere of politics or business, in our social conduct or our ethical thinking, we are dominated by the relatively small number of persons...who understand the mental processes and social patterns of the masses. It is they who pull the wires which control the public mind. 

  Edward L. Bernays, Propaganda 




 I will be satisfied if the federation of secret law, unequal pardon and irresistible executive powers that rule the world that I love are revealed even for an instant.

 - Edward Snowden, from the original interview he gave to Glenn Greenwald  




 Honest to god nothing makes me lose as much respect for this sub as anything alien/reptilian related, it humiliates to me see this nearly at the top of the page and know that I am so heavily entrenched in and associated with this subreddit. With so much shit happening TERRESTRIALLY that we are aware of such as false flags and privately owned banking cartels operating as central banks for nations, dubious r/conspiracy users try to derail that very real discussion by flooding this sub with the paranormal, why not post ghost videos while we're at it. Now I'm not saying that my theories are better than your theories, but my theories are better than your theories and the alien topic drags down the level of discourse on this sub to the level of a teenager with an active YouTube account and a subscription to the Coast to Coast channel.  




 The worlds largest gold mining company Barrick Gold is also owned by a Jewish person, Peter Munk, a Hungarian born billionaire so it's not just the mass media, banking and Hollywood.  




 Fine, Newhouse owns Advanced Publication which owns Reddit, there are you happy now anymore attacks you wanna throw at me ? 
 




 People shouldn't expect the mass media to do investigative stories. That job belongs to the 'fringe' media.

 - Ted Koppel 
 




 How funny would it be if it was just Bill Burr driving people back to the Boston area and swinging by and like seeing his family or something cause he was back in the area ?  




 Zionists own the biggest media corporations, Sumner Redstone   Les Moonves own CBS. The Roberts family owns Comcast which owns 51% of NBC and they are also Jewish. The Sulzbergers own The New York Times Company, Bob Iger owns the Walt Disney Corporation. Then you have the Newhouses who own Conde Nast which owns Reddit, The New Yorker and Vanity Fair just to name a few. Look I'm on my phone so I'm not digging up the links and those are just the Zionists who own media corporations that I can think of just off the top of my head, good luck getting any of them to report it. Alex Jones is even terrified to mention Israel, he blames all of the turmoil in the Syria squarely on powerful Shiite Muslims in Saudi Arabia, Quatar, and Turkey, it's pathetic. Oh yea and there's Sirius XM which is also an entirely Jewish operation founded by someone named Rothblatt and the current President   CCO is Scott Greenstein, it goes so deep its blatantly obvious that Americas mass media is owned by Zionist Jewish people, even Reddit.  




 Gonna get downvoted for saying this but here goes, the alien stuff is bullshit. The alien/reptilian stuff is a gigantic circle jerk and its a powerful tool to discredit more serious minded conspiracy theorists by proxy. The government, the banks, the mainstream media, the military industrial complex and academia love it that someone like Peter Joseph is on par with David Icke or other well known conspiracy theorists that are nothing more than well publicized crackpots. I'm not sure if David Icke is a complicit troll, engaging in the most elaborate PsyOp in recent memory or he's unwittingly done the most damage to the conspiracy theor movement. Either way David Icke or aliens in general shouldn't be the immediate response in peoples minds to conspiracy theories.  




 Israel is the only other foreign government they are sharing American citizens data with. While the NSA is sharing this information with other defense agencies most notably the DEA, Israel is the only foreign government with unfettered access to US citizens data.  




 I agree this is 1 of the best articles I've read analyzing the situation in the Middle East over the last dozen years from a semi well known media establishment. I don't even know how it was allowed to be published; it seems loaded with language rife for Larry Summers' attorneys to be able to lay waste to in court. I imagine there is no shortage of judges licking at the chops to rule in favor of Summers' in a libel case; it's a shame, he's a powerful man. However more power to Alternet for publishing this, this is a REAL analysis of the Middle East turmoil of the last dozen years. 

cui bono - 
Latin.
for whose benefit? 




 It is said that no one truly knows a nation until one has been inside its jails. A nation should not be judged by how it treats its highest citizens, but its lowest ones. 
 Nelson Mandela 




 Well I found it on goodreads.com, which is NOT a conspiracy website, it's a legit quote, so deal with it. 

http://www.goodreads.com/quotes/701079-a-history-of-false-flag-attacks-used-to-manipulate-the 




 A history of false flag attacks used to manipulate the minds of the people! In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations, and epochs it is the rule.


 Friedrich Nietzsche 




 Rogan was just talking about this on the podcast.  




 I bet Glenn Beck would agree with the average Israeli's aspirations on  intervention in Syria. Send in the US   Europe's military, send the bill to the already besieged US   EU taxpayer, while they sit back, counting their shekels and dreaming of pristine condominiums in present day western Syria.   




 "A history of false flag attacks used to manipulate the minds of the people! In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations, and epochs it is the rule.


 Friedrich Nietzsche 




 " A history of false flag attacks used to manipulate the minds of the people! In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations, and epochs it is the rule.


 Friedrich Nietzsche 




 India would not be on the side of the US Allies, it would either be on Russia's side or most likely neutral. Delhi is a long time ally of Moscow, and Russia has a history of selling India weapons. During the Sino-Indian war in 1962 between India and China, Russia supported India and America remained neutral just to give 1 example of many. Trust me, India would remain neutral until Russia and China had their backs against the wall and then when the time comes they would have to throw in with Russia and China. This map is incredibly lopsided towards favoring America, even Venezuela is listed as a US ally, I don't think OP has ever heard of Hugo Chavez. America already has a technological advantage, that we're sure of, so why skew the map unnecessarily in the US' favor ? 

Source : Indian person living in America 




 The use of depleted uranium by the United States, Israel and the UK is without a doubt a crime against humanity and it doesn't get nearly enough attention. No one else uses it, just those 3 countries. Say what you want to about Russia and Syria, they don't use depleted uranium rounds, which BTW were only ever justified by the US to the UN in the 1st place specifically to pierce Soviet tanks to spray Iraqi   Afghan civilians with 50 caliber rounds who BTW are not in Soviet tanks.  




 Why not just go ahead and rename the sub /r/ZionistOwnedNews ?  




 This guy is a Mod, THIS GUY ! 

For shame /r/conspiracy. For shame ! 

I don't comment often, but when I do its to point out the bullshit on /r/conspiracy.  




 He who joyfully marches to music rank and file has already earned my contempt. He has been given a large brain by mistake, since for him the spinal cord would surely suffice. 
 Albert Einstein 




 It has to be on /r/conspiracy because for some reason everything Israel-related ends up getting taken down by /r/news and /r/worldnews because the comment threads get overrun by JIDF shills commenting antisemitic rhetoric to paint all critics of Israel as ravenous antisemitic, racists and nothing else. Also /r/news mods have shown a pretty transparent pro Israel bias in the past, even though its a fact it has to be relegated to /r/conspiracy to make sure it will remain posted, it's sad that JIDF's disinfo is so well implemented on Reddit. By being on /r/conspiracy this issue will be disregarded by most as something to the effect of an old rock star off his rocker. Waters stance will be twisted, misrepresented and mislabeled until this whole brave boycott is rendered to a footnote on his otherwise decorated Wikipedia page, under the "Late Career Controversies" section.  




 " I spent 33 years and four months in active military service and during that period I spent most of my time as a high class muscle man for Big Business, for Wall Street and the bankers. In short, I was a racketeer, a gangster for capitalism. I helped make Mexico and especially Tampico safe for American oil interests in 1914. I helped make Haiti and Cuba a decent place for the National City Bank boys to collect revenues in. I helped in the raping of half a dozen Central American republics for the benefit of Wall Street. I helped purify Nicaragua for the International Banking House of Brown Brothers in 1902-1912. I brought light to the Dominican Republic for the American sugar interests in 1916. I helped make Honduras right for the American fruit companies in 1903. In China in 1927 I helped see to it that Standard Oil went on its way unmolested. Looking back on it, I might have given Al Capone a few hints. The best he could do was to operate his racket in three districts. I operated on three continents. 
 Smedley D. Butler, War is a Racket: The Antiwar Classic by America's Most Decorated Soldier 




 See this comment, that I am replying to r/conspiracy, hope it's not a shill account, but THAT is the problem.  

Explain to me again, what freedoms did I gain from the gigantic clusterfuck that is the War on Terror ? 

The freedom to pay $3.60 a gallon for regular and spend $55 filling my fucking golf cart. 




 One of the hardest parts of my job is to connect Iraq to the war on terror.  

 George W. Bush 




 "The only security of all is in a free press. 
 Thomas Jefferson 




 "The conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element in democratic society. Those who manipulate this unseen mechanism of society constitute an invisible government which is the true ruling power of our country. ...We are governed, our minds are molded, our tastes formed, our ideas suggested, largely by men we have never heard of. This is a logical result of the way in which our democratic society is organized. Vast numbers of human beings must cooperate in this manner if they are to live together as a smoothly functioning society. ...In almost every act of our daily lives, whether in the sphere of politics or business, in our social conduct or our ethical thinking, we are dominated by the relatively small number of persons...who understand the mental processes and social patterns of the masses. It is they who pull the wires which control the public mind. 
 Edward L. Bernays, Propaganda 




 Hmm, everytime I look up someone with Stein in their last name in Congress is attacking constitutional rights, Sunstein, Feinstein, etc.  




 Wag the Dog, considering the fact that it came out just a few years before 9/11.  




 Throw in a Star of David in light blue alongside the stars and stripes and then you'd have something there. 
 




 Click on the link and read it, dickhead. 
 




 I wouldn't be surprised by that. The same statistic is probably true for Egypt and Iraq and elsewhere we contribute massively to.  

Do me a favor. Find the statistics for Egypt and Iraq also. Or other high end donation locations. Let's compare. Because I am seriously doubting is the only place for such things. 

 Or maybe it would be better not to call people children for thinking differently. Yea, that seems like the more commendable thing to do.

1. Afghanistan
2. Israel
3. Iraq
4. Egypt

So there goes your "serious doubt". Israel received more aid than anyone from 1976-2002, and Afghanistan and Iraq only entered in 2002, when we began making in your words "massive contributions" to Iraq and Afghanistan in the form of aerial assaults and carpet bombing cities. The only countries that get more than Israel are ones with ongoing wars with the US, last year the average Afghan earned approximately $430 in US Foreign aid and the average Israeli earned $405 in US Foreign aid, so its still pretty close.  

Also bravo for taking such a courageous militant pro Israel stance I bet that must've been really hard for you to do being a white, Christian man in America. Tell me did you face any harassment or career issues being staunchly pro Israel. It must've been really controversial I mean. 

 Or maybe it would be better not to call people children for thinking differently.

Gimme a fucking break kid this is r/conspiracy if that's the brave insight you arrived at is that Israel is great and all Arabs are crazy then you just failed, unsubscribe and spend more time on r/Christianity, you'll find all the Palestine bashers there queued up for
 you.  

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_foreign_aid#Recipients

 




 Fuck that kid, if I didn't have work in 6 hours I'd really have debated him down to self admitted defeat. I kept checking on my post on my phone on the RedditisFun app. They should change the name of that app to RedditisAllConsuming.  




 Here child, cry about the following damning statistic from this article:

"US taxpayers contributed more to the Israeli Defense Forces last year than Israeli citizens have cumulatively in the last 3 year."

So as you can see it is no understatement to say that Israel's army is bought and paid for by the US taxpayer. This article is from Business Insider so I hope it passes your Zionist approved news establishment criteria.

http://www.businessinsider.com/heres-how-much-america-really-spends-on-israels-defense-2012-9 




 Are you stupid ?

Or are you honestly implying that the Israeli	 government spends 100% of its Gross Domestic Product on defense and nothing else They don't have roads or hospitals or schools there to manage ?  Or do you just not understand these acronyms, I knew I made the mistake of engaging a know-it-all, Jesus freak kid but had I known you were just an idiot this whole time I would've ignored you, oh well lesson learnes.

Largest recipient yes. What does that have to do with the fact that it's gdp far exceeds US aid.

Yes 1 number is larger than the other 1, good insight kid.  




 Illegal occupation? That's a made up term. 

Unlike you, I don't give a fuck. I don't have preferences. 

1. I'll admit that illegal occupation is a made up term when you admit "Jewish" is a made up ethnicity, they are rich white people with big noses, who exploit laws against discrimination and turned themselves into a new group of people post               Holocaust.  The Palestinians are a hell of a lot more Semitic than all of the Ashkenazi Jews running Israel, and an Israeli population geneticist from Johns Hopkins came to that conclusion. Jewish people are Khazars or	Asiatics, and the fact that they get treated like they are an oppressed minority in America is laughable. It's amazing before World War II it was considered racist to refer to Jewish as an ethnicity instead of a religion which had been it's designation for millennia. All of a sudden in the early 1950's America discovers a new ethnic group, the mysterious Jewish people, absolute bullshit, now it's considered racist to refer to Jewish people as Caucasian.

2. For someone who purportedly doesn't give a fuck you've been doing a lot of shilling and distribution of disinformation on this thread. So then why the angry fingers there keyboard warrior ? What is the JIDF giving the most annoying shill an Applebees giftcard as a bonus this month or something ?



 




 You're a religious person, so in the words of Voltaire if we believe in absurdities we will commit atrocities. You are the 1 who brought up the Torah's justification for the state of Israel and it's no secret that there are enough crazy, Bible thumping Christians in America who support Israel specifically because it is believed Jesus will be resurrected in Jerusalem. So you're allowing your own religious beliefs and you are an ardent Christian and subscriber to r/Christianity, to influence your opinion on the illegal occupation of Palestine, which is foolish to say the least or dare I say it even asshatish to use your term. So like just how crazy religious are you ? I mean you believe in a 2nd coming of Christ so you're definete at least a little impartial and thereby less credible, if everyone is aware that you are really only supporting Israel out of fear and self interest that you won't meet your Space Jesus than it sort of makes your support illegitimate or at least disingenuous. So are you going to deny your level of religiosity now too right here in front of r/conspiracy, and remember, GOD IS WATCHING !  




 Why don't you use more ancient scriptures that were written in a language you can't even speak yourself to decide more pressing geopolitical issues, tell me what does the Torah say about Rwanda, what does the Bible say we should to address rising sea levels ? You see how much of an idiot you sound like when you use the Torah, a book written thousands of years ago by desert dwelling nomads to justify a modern day apartheid and ethnic cleansing. Hey by the way while you are at it what does the Bible say we should do about nuclear Pakistan ? This is r/conspiracy leave your bullshit Christian ideology where it belongs, in r/Christianity.  




 How many more lies will you spout on this thread for Israel ?

" Israel is the largest cumulative recipient of military assistance from the United States since World War II, followed by Afghanistan, Iraq, Egypt, and Pakistan.[22]
Since 1987, the U.S. has provided an average of $1.8 billion annually in the form of Foreign Military Sales (FMS), Foreign Military Financing (FMF) and funds to support research and development.[2]A bilateral memorandum of understanding was signed in January 2001, at the end of the Clinton administration, under which defense aid was increased to $2.4 billion annually from $1.8 billion, while the $1.2 billion of economic aid would be eliminated. This was predicated on the basis of the defense aid being increased by $60 million per year until the full amount was reached in 2008, while the economic aid is decreased by $120 million per year until eliminated.[3][23] In 2007, the United States increased its military aid to Israel by over 25%, to an average of $3 billion per year for the following ten-year period (starting at $2.550 billion for 2008, growing by $150 million each year).[24] The package started in October 2008, when regular economic aid to Israel's economy ended.[25] Officials have insisted the aid is not tied, or meant to balance, simultaneous American plans to sell $20 billion worth of sophisticated arms to its Arab allies in the region, including Egypt and Saudi Arabia.[25] Former U.S. President George W. Bush assured Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert that the U.S. would help keep a "qualitative advantage" to Israel over other nations in the region.[24]
The United States is the largest single supplier of military equipment to Israel. According to the U.S. Congressional Research Service, between 1998-2005 the U.S. accounted for the vast majority of Israel's arms transfer agreements, accounting for $9.1 billion out of $9.5 billion worth of agreements.[26]Israel deals directly with U.S. companies for the vast majority of its military purchases from the United States, though it requires permission from the U.S. government for specific purchases. Permission is not always automatic; for instance, in March 2000 it became known that the Israeli government had been refused permission to purchase BGM-109 Tomahawk missiles.[3]
Israel has the world's largest F-16 fleet outside the United States Air Force. With the delivery of 102 F-16Is, scheduled through 2008, the Israeli Air Force will have a total F-16 inventory of 362, in addition to 106 F-15s.[27]

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israel%E2%80%93United_States_military_relations#Military_aid_and_procurement

240 billion is Israel's GDP, you knew I was talking about defense aid from the US specifically but you intentionally took me out of context, classic shill move.

I'm going to sleep now shill, I'm sure I'll return to an Inbox of lies and propaganda in the morning. 




 Why are you bringing in irrelevant points?

Easy there God boy.

 




 All of Israel's technology exists solely because of the American taxpayer, and all of it will be rendered useless in the event of a prolonged mass ground warfare, Israel simply doesn't have the bodies for a prolonged, bloody ground war with Iran and its 75 million united Shia Muslims who are salivating at the notion of war with Israel. Israel is so tiny and densely populated that their civilian casualties would skyrocket in no time, Iran still has enough large swaths of land and friendly neighbors to constantly be staging new strategies and moving large amounts of troops around comfortably and quickly, Israel on the other hand barely has enough space to engage in large military drills without entering Palestine. In a 1 on 1 prolonged war with Iran, Israel always loses. Israel really couldn't hang for a long ground war with many nations, they would end up dragging the United States in, which in turn would  bring in Russia on the other end, so basically we're risking nuclear war for greedy Israel, which you've made abundantly clear that you are all right with, anything for your Space Jesus.  




 YOU are the problem, it's called an ultimatum, 1 side is right and 1 side is wrong, get informed before spouting your nonsensical "We're all 1 species on 1 planet and we have to come together" shit, please spare me. Why don't you go to the Gaza strip and tell those refugees living in destitution and squalor because of Israel's blockades and security, that they all have to come together and to be nicer or something. Go to the Golan Heights where thousands of Bedouin people are living in tents and are about to be further displaced so Israel can build 1200 luxurious settlements and condominiums and tell them to try smiling. Maybe while you're there you can recommend The Secret, oh yeah and definitely be vague, positive, judgmental, ignorant, opinionated and ultimate unhelpful like you were in your last comment on this thread, that was perfect. 




 So what you're saying is that Israel is going to make the United States fight Iran for them, because everyone knows Israel doesn't have it in them to throw down with Iran alone, they lack the manpower, will and national identity and would crumble amidst the 1st real damage to their safe, walled, enclosure-nation, away from the world. AIPAC also lobbied aggressively for the US invasion of Iraq as well as a complicit Zionist owned media misleading  the sheep-like American public along the way. So if it wasn't for Israel getting America to do all of their dirty work for them, that delusional map you linked to really wouldn't be possible now would it ? BTW don't count on a war hungry American public to fight another 1 of Israel's wars for them. Also I take it from your username that you were born in 1991,   yet you speak so casually of mass casualties across the Middle East just so the Israelis can have their blood drenched, biblical land of Israel in all their greedy glory. I bet the toughest thing you've ever done is snipe some Middle Eastern characters on Call of Duty or some other video game, you know nothing of the world. Big talk you've got there, but what's the end game for Israel, what if somehow against all odds Israel managed to achieve the atrocity that is that map, then what, does your space Jesus come back in Jerusalem or something ? No he doesn't. He never does cause it's a fucking fairy tale, how come religious people are unable to comprehend the notion of ALLEGORIES. I'll tell you what will happen though, greedy Israel will continue to expand East into they run into either nuclear Pakistan or nuclear India, take your fucking pick because I bet you in your infinite wisdom which you've accumulated over the course of 22 years as a religious Christian, are also ready to nuke the world so Israel can have a little more land and you increase your likelihood of meeting space Jesus from your fairy tale a little bit more.  
























