 Isn't sapphire just about being scratch resistant? Isn't it just as likely to shatter as gorilla glass? 




 I just hope the NSAC lets roy take the time off 




 Typically like The Verge's innovative layout schemes, but does anyone else think that this one was a bit cumbersome ? 




 Good decision. He's been getting walloped lately. Was great to watch in his heyday, that's for sure.  And what a nickname too.. 




 I still can't beat it, but love trying.. nice to see what the final level or 2 actually look like :-p 




 Why hasn't he fought since July? 




  F this cowboy wannabe 




 apparently? For years they had some serious beef, but this ist he first ive heard/seen of Dana actually sitting down for an interview 




 Good interview.. Dana likes trotting out the economy line.. 




 Rage spiral? lol, these folks in hollywood are laughable 




 I hear you, but the "Who is xx?" line, i think, is more appropriate when xx has no accomplishments to speak of.

That said, I don't doubt that Ronda was answering that question honestly. MB isn't exactly widely known, despite his recent tear in the octagon 




 While that is normally a nice response to this type of thing, Brown has 7 wins in his last 8 UFC fights.  4 of his last fights were all KO or TKO, earning him 1 Fight of the Night and 1 Knockout of the Night.  That's who Matt Brown is.  




 lol i watched em all and it's hard not to feel sorry for these guys. horrible instruction all around, just all around bad 




 OH wow, I just watched this clip from Shamrock about a 1-2 punch combo to take down a potentially bigger attacker. it's atrocious.  http://vimeo.com/66950253  starts at 1:30 in.  Almost makes you feel bad for the guy 




 He missed weight 3 times. The UFC folk don't take that in stride.. 




 Reminds me when King Mo, when asked what weightclass he's in, boldly said "I'm a moneyweight, i fight wherever they wanna pay me" 




 James Harrison is one scary dude! thank god he liked it 




 Overeem looks tiny here. He must have hit the gym hard... and all that horse meat!  




 Aww hell naw! 




 Assuming he has to win 1 fight to get another title fight, imagine the unlucky dude who has to be Anderson's stepping stone 




 Anyone think that Silva will be motivated to come back since his pride can't stand the fact he lost to weidman twice in a row? Especially since in the last fight he didnt get to see it all the way through? 




 Michael Bisping.. florian actually got to have a title fight 




 I'm all about stacked lineups and watching rising stars. I just wish some of the superstars were scheduled to fight more frequently than once every 6-7 months. Also, consider that just 1 more championship fight per division a year is one more chance for an up and coming star to go after that belt. Benefits everyone all around as it gives challengers a chance and current champions an opportunity to further cement their legacy.

In a particularly brutal fight (i.e jon jones vs AG), sure, take a few months off. But with Weidman in tip top shape, why put him on the shelf for so long? 




 annoying thing is that Anderson Silva back in the day was pretty vocal about wanting to fight more.. and we still just saw him twice a year 




 Beagle puppy 




 I like how they sprinkled some fan reactions in there 




 Lorenzo look like the big boss man per usual. Saying little, yet oh so intimidating 




 lol, well done mysterious stranger
 




 Keep an eye out for GSP's Watson impression and which (shockingly) UFC fighter isn't a fan of Watson's antics 




 Elephants don't have keys 




 This has to be one of the WORST ufc promos. bang bang bang? jeebus 




 I believe I read somewhere that Tesla, for the model S, had to decide on maximizing 0-60 acceleration or top speed. Since 0-60 is an advertising point and most folks don't need to go faster than 130 mph, the decision was easy 




 "Now this is very interesting Mike, __________ and ________ actually used to train together back in their days at __________ "
 




 "____ is one scary looking dude!" 




 "Yup, yeah, you can see it right there in the replay. His eyes definitely rolled back. That was a good stoppage" 




 Wow, look at Anderson! 




 Mine seems to get faster as i use it. perhaps its a placebo effect 




 Rampage is lucky he's so damn funny, otherwise he'd be very hateable 




 Sort of a shitty way to go out, on a highly questionable win 




 lol it's the bizarreness of Reddit commenting.. no rhyme or reason! 




 So basically, Georges decided to "fight" instead of jab and go for takedowns.. Maybe, just maybe, he had to go toe to toe with JH because his usual tools were proving to be ineffective 




 Yeah, i did notice his shorts had been Nike-fied and weren't what he usually wears 




 ah, makes sense. I was wondering where "ain't no sunshine" went. Thanks! 




 Was this the first time Anderson came out to that lame song? 




 Ah yes, Stewart! not Howard :-p 




 get back to work howard! 




 The DON speaks!

He did a great job of spinning (or perhaps clarifying) Dana White's tirade re: GSP 




 Great sweep. Not sure why this isn't more common 




 When talking about Jens Pulver, "Little eagle flies again!"

His precision is so precise! 




 Story is from 2011, but sheds some light on the breakup. Short of it is: GSP fired her cuz he didn't need her and her 20% cut. 




 Shari Spencer also manage(d) Frankie Edgar 




 hendricks is a strong dude and looked about the same as always. Nothing to see here, folks. 




 photos? 




 now THAT'S funny 




 "What do you say to GSP now that he wants to step away?"

Dana: "I SAY NO YOU'RE NOT!" 




 ha yeah, what was that?

Perhaps a sign that Hendricks was too confident he had the decision wrapped up...  




 I'll second that! 




 This article should be a must-read for all MMA fans. Super informative. Insightful questions, superb answers. 




 I generally like Gruber, but his reviews are pretty uninformative and kinda boring compared to most others. 




 Anderson is about as big as ortiz and bader for example, two light heavyweights. If GSP was slated to fight them, then all of a sudden people would talk about size difference.  Anderson just cuts down a lot of weight to 185, prolly walks around at 215+ 




 GSP is 4 inches shorter than Anderson who is 6'2.  Anderson is just 2 inches shorter than Jones.

Plus, Anderson is known to cut a lot more weight than GSP, meaning that he's likely a lot closer in weight to Jones than GSP is to Anderson. 




 The GSP v A SIlva superfight was always a non starter when you looked at their respective sizes. Silva vs Jones, now that would have been great pre Silvas defeat to weidman 




 come on now, ya'll! Kos just basically described what GSP did to him. not really any biting analysis from Kos here. 




 Hendricks is thicker and has better wrestling credentials than all of the above listed GSP opponents. Again, hendricks is admittedly an underdog, but he has more tools than previous GSP opponents 




 Perhaps I mis-heard, but I believe hendricks said on UFC primetime that Dolce helps him cut 40.  I suppose, though, that he won't gain it all back on fight night, but still, he'll be a lot thicker than the condit/diaz body types GSP can take down with ease 




 GSP hasn't fought anyone with raw knock you on your ass power before. I'm sorry, but Kos doesn't count. 

Plus, Hendricks wrestling pedigree is better than any of GSPs previous opponents. Also,  Hendricks has a much more, how shall i say, rotund body type that GSP hasn't really faced before (or at least recently).

Hendricks will come in weighing about 210.. that's a whole lotta person for GSP to try and take down and keep down at will.

Not saying Hendricks takes this, but he's better positioned to beat GSP than any of his previous opponents 




 Hopefully other folks at Zuffa aren't as boneheaded as Dana 




 Either way, does add a little bit more excitement to an already exciting match. nice to see hendricks get pumped up  




 Chris Lytle deserved more than one entry also 




 No Dustin Hazellet?! 




 Hendricks (via wikipedia) had a more illustrious college wrestling career than Hughes. 

Also, Hughes never cold knocked anyone out while in the UFC. TKOs, sure, but not "put you on your ass" power despite the fact that he's as strong as an ox 




 Call me crazy, but Hendricks has a better shot than most.

1) He's a better wrestler than Kos and Fitch and anyone else GSP has fought. 

2) He actually has power in both hands, which is not something you can say about any of GSP's past opponents. Before his fight with Kos, Koscheck was being hyped as a knockout artist which was even laughable then

Not saying Hendricks wins this, but he has more tools than any of GSP's other opponents. 




 any love for frank Mir big nog season? 




 lol me either. the ref looked like he'd give anything to run away from the ring 




 "I'm not afraid of his wrestling and I'm not afraid of his jab" ha! 




 ""It seemed like Dana [White] loved it. He was just 'Diego, Diego, Diego.' I was waiting for my compliments and it was 'Diego."  ha yea, all the props seemed to be flowing towards Diego 




 Perhaps not answering the question, but I once had the unfortunate experience of coming into contact with some drunk Matt Hughes fans at a bar once. 




 makes sense 




 Good question. Wondered this when the UFC went to abu dhabi 




 looks like chuck is gainin a little bit of weight 




 I don't think there's any evidence to suggest Rory Mac would be the same draw as GSP. Perhaps I'm underestimating Canadian fans, but as far as I can tell, GSP is in rarefied air.. and his ability to command such huge PPV #s without any recent finishes to his name is impressive!

At the end of the day, there are few bankable PPV stars in the UFC. Wanting GSP to lose in the hopes that someone else takes his place is a risky endeavor. Having GSP lose in the hopes that he comes back triumphantly makes a whole lot more sense.

Don't you think the UFC would have liked Lidell to keep on winning indefinitely? Nothing compares to a PPV draw that backs up #s with wins
 




 "It seems that GSP has been more of an issue than an asset lately for the UFC" --  Stupid. GSP is a PPV money making machine

With GSP talking about retiring -- who knows if he's serious -- a Hendricks win would be great because it may stoke GSP's competitive juices, not to mention setting the stage for an incredible rematch.

As for excitement, sure, I don't find GSP exciting. But there are millions of folks out there getting PPVs that apparently disagree. UFC needs GSP in the mix. What other draws do they have as champions? Weidman? Cain?  Hopefully folks like Aldo and Showtime get some publicity going forward 




 But why not make longer promos for online circulation to really get the  masses pumped up? 




 Great question. I've wondered about that myself. This is especially true for pre-fight hype videos. UFC does a decent job, but some fan made videos really get you pumped up in a way that you have to wonder why they're not working for the UFC 




 How can he have an injury that puts him one punch away from paralysis to a full recovery in 6 weeks? Seems a bit suspect 




 Was aight. Would have been better if he made his showpony remarks there in the ring.  




 annoying as F! how often are you really looking forward to a UFC Debut? 




 "No baby, I like it with the shirt ON... I'm kinky like that" 




 I just wish there was some consistency. That fight gets to go go on but, for example, the Koschek/Thiago fight gets stopped way too soon.. 




 dayum, impressive. though why anyone would take the time escapes me :) 




 That's a big ole' fist 




 oh very cool, much thanks man :) 




 Youtube links to the walkout songs? 




 Diego will clearly always have a home in the UFC. An okami he is not! 




 Definitely the way to transform your average joe into a casual fight fan. THt fight was NUTS in every way 




 F'n awesome dude! 




 I remember before this fight they showed JDS warming up in the back hitting mitts. I remember thinking, "damn, no idea who this guy is, but he can punch hard AND fast 




 vertical increased from 37 to 42.. dayum 




 Dana just rides the wave of public opinion. Overboard indeed. 




 Love Fitch, but politically (and not just based on this interview), he's kind of a nut 




 ha yeah, Rashad is livin' good! Nice mansion, nice dinners... makes getting up early to grind it out much harder 




 Love Rashad, but dude can't even get into prime shape for his fights anymore 




 Old Navy?! 




 when they put drew sharpes body and bike into acid during a cold open 




 what an overreaction 




 This video with the timecode (which i found on this subreddit) is interesting http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyMB5DhJ7Fw 




 "Who cares what it is, the point is, these are some decent generous
people that I can take advantage of!" 




 won't! 




 I just watched Salud recently. All we know is this: Don Eladio told Gus (after shooting his partner) that the only reason he is alive is because he knows who Gus is and apparently about his past in Chile (as opposed to the gentlemanly fellow that Gus rescued from the slums).

I guess it comes down to the fact that Don Eladio could at least trust Gus somewhat 




 Agreed, Oldman by a mile 




 But a helluva way to go out! Two huge surprises. 1) Gus's face blown off after it appeared that he had survived and 2) Finding out that Walt had poisoned Brock in the last shot of the episode. AMAZING 




 The season 4 finale was created such that it could stand as a series finale. This was done because funding for season 5 was unsure at that point, so Face-Off had to stand on its own as a season AND series finale.

AMAZING ep, but would have been nice to see another season of Gus 




 I think "that" was rashad  getting in frront of rampage, and then having the nerve to ask him to move out of the way 




 Kasperky should make their counter arguments available to other victims of the lame ass troll that is Lodsys 




 You seriously didn't just do that..

"Yes i did" 




 Wow, check out the referee's mustache in the photo in the article 




 Sucks, was poised to be a solid matchup 




 The ending to "one minute" when hank takes on the twins is tv suspense at its finest 




 but the psychological aspect of knowing you're going to die and can't do anything about it would have been great to see her experience 




 you would think Apple at this point would be prepared for the traffic 




 deleted.. tried to cover it in green but couldn't figure out how! found out what asac was tho.  




 Why did hank refer to himself as Asac schraeder? 




 Thanks for the feedback! The lined rug is from Orian rugs. Available at Lowes.

Another one from Orian, and available via Home Depot, is this one http://www.homedepot.com/catalog/productImages/400/09/091b04db-8637-443f-9894-e053ddcf28a8_400.jpg


Good Q re: open area. Coffee table isn't that big so the rug should be displayed quite well.  




 This one

http://imgur.com/kUWKfN9 ? 




 was it just me, or did it seem like there has been some plastic surgery :-p 




 agreed. he's typically an insightful dude which made his comments all the more surprising.  




 Something tells me they'll both be fine. Also, it depends on how you define "success". Apple will keep on making more and more money than Steve Jobs could have ever dreamed of, but that doesn't necessarily mean that they'll be as innovative.  Guess we'll see what the iWatch has to offer 




 this looks like microsoft outlook 




 i believe that's part of the plan as well. the patent granting system has appeared to be messed up for some time now. There's even a patent on a golf swing, and of course, the myriad of patents covering unbelievably vague technologies that are nothing more than abstracts 




 yes i will 




 there's a lemon behind that rock! 




 Hellz to the yeah. 20 oz bottles are the worst. Cans and glass are the best.

oddly enough, coke from mcdonalds is the best you can find 




 Good ole' Phil Davis wants to help pick out the ring girls.. smart dude! 




 Nothing like first class on the spruce moose 




 Wow, .. Kurt Cobain 




 Sometimes a title is such that you simply decide not to click through :-p 




 Awesome verdict. lock these a-holes up! 




  I guess that's why they them rapids and not slow-pids.

YOU ARE NOT MY SON! 




 Interesting. Last I saw Alves he was on a milk carton. 




 Bruce Buffer loves talkin about.. well, Bruce Buffer. Likeable guy, though, and he certainly has a lot of tales to tell. 




 When you can talk like Chael, you're in. Plus, dude will fight at moments notice and can hype a fight like no other. Love him or hate him, he keeps fans engaged. UFC loves the 'personality' he brings to the table because, let's face it, some of the best fighters can be kind of blah. 




 Excited for this fight, if only to move the Jones/Silva superfight into high gear 




 James will have more MVPs than Larry Bird who already had more championships under his belt than Lebron did at the same age 




 I wonder if he's buying more interesting pants on amazon in this photo 




 The Yahoo Weather app is the bomb. The pictures are so nice I've added cities I've never been to and have no intention of visiting! 




 noice! 




 Colbert always knows whats up. 




 Perhaps this will only be released in China?? 




 These patent trollls have got to go 




 less than 4 weeks ya'll! 
























 good point 




 According to Tesla's Giga presentation, construction was originally planned to get started in 2014. Is that feasible now given that there's still no site chosen? 




 So far there's no word on where the other 3bn may come from. Panasonic remains non-committal, right? 




 Is the Gigafactory actually gonna happen? 




 Maybe he's just a germophobe 
























 Holy Crap.. something's afoot 














 More than performance, I'm curious what it's gonna look like! 




 Musk also mentioned that the Model E interior may not feature some of the same expensive high-end fit and trim as the Model S 




 Is the market the Model E is aimed at even concerned with 0-60 times? Sure it's a nice cherry on top, but given the price range for the Model E, the more important factors I think will be range/style.

Also, Musk has said the Model E will have a few less features than the Model S to keep it economical (i.e perhaps not as big a touchscreen display) 




 Thanks for the info! 









 Was that about the same margin level Tesla enjoyed on the Roadster? 




 Elon Musk has said a number of times that every single penny from Model S profits is being put back into the company to further develop the Model X and 3rd Gen car.  I was wondering, just how much money per car (base level car) is pure profit that Tesla can put back into the company? 














 Was he THE GUY in automobile design when Tesla snatched him up from Mazda? 












































 Ah thanks. I wasn't 100% sure the model x was being viewed in the same boat as the model S (second-gen).

You think there's a bigger market for the model x than the model s? 




 Then what about the third gen Tesla? 


































 lol, timeless 




 Roy walked away like he knew it was going down like that, like a bowler confidently strutting after a predictable strike 




 holy crap.. he was lining that up for seconds.. literally stalking

sad to see nog go down like that 



















 guida looks like a nut! 




 he's won 3 fon type bonuses over the last 4 fights. He shouldn't be hurting for money. he just wants more based on what Gill's getting.

I'm not saying he doesn't DESERVE more.. im just saying we shouldn't be acting like he's getting chump change cuz he's not 




 That's not the UFC's concern. What diaz does in his own time isn't a factor in what the UFC should pay him.

Diaz opened up a gym to make money, as a business. It's not a normal expense he had to take on. 









 The UFC shouldn't have to foot the bill for Diaz's side businesses 









 60 k to show is great. What are you people smoking?! if he goes 2-1 in a year that's 300 large right there. The whole argument about fighters going in, training, putting their health at risk -- all valid points, but they apply to ALL FIGHTERS.  Diaz in recent time has also won THREE BONUSES.

If Diaz should be mad at anyone it's his manager for not keeping him in the loop and keeping him abreast of all the ins and outs of his contract.

What is really going on here, I think, is that Diaz got a whiff of the $ Gill is getting now and is pissed.

I would hope/imagine that something we can all agree on is that Dana doesn't have to be a big dick about it everytime a fighter speaks up. That Dana should show fighters, on whose backs the UFC stands, more respect and reverence should be expected. Sadly, Dana views fighters as expendable and treats them as such 




 People say these rumors are getting ridiculous. I say they're not getting ridiculous enough! 




 yes. he's an industrial design guy, not a software user interface guru 




 That would be a huge mistake for Apple to let christie go 




 Was this UFC or WWE?  














 But who wears a watch like that most of the time? It's asking the user to change how one ordinarily uses an object 





























 And speaking of poor management, where's the branding? natediaz.com takes me to a bakery?!  All I can think of now is Nick Diaz getting the munchies 




 $300,000 in revenue from 3 fights should be enough for Diaz to live comfortably in any given year. If his contract dropped from 60/60 to 15/15 because of two losses, that's horrible contract negotiating from Diaz's manager. You have to negotiate the upside as well as the downside. 




 Professional athletes in the NBA, NHL, MLB etc perform much more than just 3 times a year. The economics are completely different, the money is completely different.

For how much money Diaz helps bring in, 60/60 a night seems fair, no? 




 300,000 a year pre-expenses puts him at the top 2-3$ of income in the entire world. I think he's doing okay. Seems like he's either a) not managing his money correctly or b) is super jealous of Gil's deal 









 The man sure knew how to make an entrance https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36OHZ51o2qo 









 Someone needs to get Nate a new manager capable of explaining where the hell his money is going. At 60/60, and assuming just 3 fights a year, that's 300 grand if he goes 2-1. After taxes let's say he nets 210k/yr.  subtract managers 10% that's about 190k before training expenses. As far as the economy goes, that's not shabby 




 lol well done homie 









 Voice over LTE is probably the most interesting new detail here. hopefully there will be a surprise or two as well 



















 700 pounder is http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emmanuel_Yarborough 




 i think matt hughes recently said on twitter he could bench 350 




 yet where's the outrage that accompanies UFC paydays?! 




 recently? 




 Everyone hates the big players in tech, especially ones that make $ off of user data 




 I didn't think Palhares held on too long this time 




 Weird right? Ur guess is as good as mine  




 Good ole Leon.. always so insightful! 




 I'm surprised he stopped vacationing 




 Mark Coleman losing to Fedor https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oCnqy8Klaw 




 what have i done to deserve this flat, flavorless manhattan 




 great points 




 Of course back in the pride days, there was barely any turn around time 




 Where's the financial incentive in this for apple? Why would Comcast be on board? 




 The Ben Stiller show once had a great parody of it starring andy dick 




 missed that, will delete. thanks for the heads up! 




 Is that Rousey walking to the cage in fashion boots?  




 Most intimidating guy/girl RW/RR cast members? 

Aside from Timmy, any cast members who can bring the funny as well as you do? 




 To emily? 




 Do you still keep up with any folks from your Road Rules cast? Any chance you'll be back on a challenge? 




 Chael seems a bit taken aback.. he likes talking crazy, but think he wasn't expecting Wanderlei to get kinda crazy up in his grill like that 




 interesting way to look at it 




 Will have to give them a second go-around 




 The first few episodes were atrocious. It really picked up steam mid-way through, with a few episodes really capturing the classic AD vibe. 




 How spot-on that he knew the show was doomed. A damn shame that such was/is the state of TV 




 Any juicy tidbits? Assholes? 




 Not that much more than Netflix/month, and when you add in the shipping, still a solid deal 




 lol no idea 




 meanwhile, chris weidman is watching and thinking "Yes, but red ball doesn't hit back" 




 Nothing like a good squint at a progress bar that is seemingly progressing.. oh wait.. maybe its not 




 Part 2 over here http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Jc9AaqGuwU 




 Some great old footage of Tito and Joe Silva 




 Kroll show.. wanted to like it.. but seems so amateur. Seems like a recycled version of the Ben Stiller show 




 Uh oh, that's the kiss of death for his next fight 




 It's a risky move. If only everything on Yahoo weren't so damn ugly. 




 Well done joe silva 




 Needs a bigger win on his Resume, especially with losses to condit and maia 




 Which one is the ex Appler? 




 ah, i didn't realize that there was a TRT limit fighters could be on. thanks 




 so assuming he had a failed test, was it for TRT or a banned substance?  




 lol what a great character Bas is. If only he was in his prime today 




 are you shittin me?! 




 Now this is a headline done right! 




 Wearing the dogtag for extra badassness 




 Kind of sad that he's selling it... and that he still wears a backwards baseball cap 




 And no recourse for victims, of course. Are we honestly supposed to believe that a digital currency like BitCoin is the wave of the future?  




 Agreed. And McMann isn't going to be intimidated, put off by the big lights like Tate said she was. 




 If meisha tate didn't keep trying to bull rush Rhonda, might have had a different ending. Rousey got clipped a few times in that fight. McMann won't be getting tossed around like a ragdoll with Rousey, thats for sure 




 he claims she brings in more money than brock.. wtf?! 




 For all the naysayers, if you follow any of the stories leading up to this, DC is absolutely pissed at Cummins and they've gotten into heated battles on TV. Cummins has called Cormier out for crying, breaking a code of silence from the wrestling room.. and twisting the story as such to make DC seem weak.  Day what you will about wolf tickets, but that term dosen't apply here. 




 That's a good point, and often not brought up in these discussions. All hard work does not create equal value. Sure GSP makes a hell of a ton more than someone like Matt Brown, but he generates so much money for the UFC its insane.
 




 Odenkirk was an SNL writer for a while as well 




 You are correct, that is bob odenkirk. Also interesting is that the dialogue here is almost verbatim what was used on SNL 




 damn, Nate Quarry is on point. Lots of interesting threads here. The UFC needs to realize its the fighters that make the brand. No one says "lets go watch an NBA game!" They say, "Lets check out the Heat game tonight, Lebron is facing Durant" 




 Cormier is fired up! 




 For a retired fella, nick is in better shape than everyone. #triathalon 




 Shits getting real. If Cesar's team went to bellator, who they all gonna fight, each other? Cesar shouldn't drag his other fighters into this situation 




 When's the last time you used an iPhone?
 




 I feel like I'm high looking at this and trying to make sense of it 




 You might say that this photo warrants the description of BADASS 




 Damn, Weidman is taller than you'd expect 




 I think it's from this band  https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/1-18/id496870364?i=496870699 




 Watch em' before every fight :) I'm not who the UFC needs to market to, though, to get to the next level. With fighters often fighting only 3 times a year, the promotional activities can't be limited to a lone Countdown special that airs just one week before a big fight.

The UFC needs to market stars like Aldo and Weidman to the folks who don't typically watch Countdown specials. They need to realize that for the UFC to grow, they need to help make some bankable stars. Look at how much the star power of GSP helped the UFC. And sure, like the article says, creating stars isn't a science, but the UFC, with all of their resources, could certainly doing more in this regard.  

Sadly, it seems like companies like Nike and BadBoy are more invested in creating marketable stars than the UFC is. 




 Best article on UFC marketing I've seen in a while.

"They need stars that audiences will back like their local team sports. They need to highlight talent, and competition, and stories."

This is dead on. The UFC could do so much more to humanize the fighters they want us to pay to watch. With Strikeforce now gone, the UFC doesn't really have any serious competition. Their brand is safe. They are the NBA of MMA and it's now time they step it up and start marketing their ATHLETES. 




 No mention of IO, where the dudes perform every week. WEAK! 




 Felony? Really? 




 He came back because his ratings were far better than Conan's 




 This is the most random and amazing example of worlds colliding I've ever seen.  




 Lol she really is. 




 Let's get HOD on the air! 




 Hasn't this been around for awhile? 




 Solid and informative work from Mr. Slack, per usual. 




 What about this? http://appleinsider.com/articles/13/05/22/corning-touts-gorilla-glass-3s-advantages-over-sapphire-in-side-by-side-tests

"In one of our commonly accepted strength tests, sapphire breaks more easily than Gorilla Glass after the same simulated use," senior vice president and general manager of Cornings Specialty Materials segment James R. Steiner said. ""

Is that corporate spin or legit? 
























