 Vine: Me eating a do- 




 That is for soreness after you run. Fermentation is not an immediate process, it takes time. Lactic acid is a side product of fermentation. If you really want to rid yourself of being sore, stretch. It won't get rid of the pain but it will spread the lactic acid out throughout your body and you will feel it less.  




 GLaDOS: "There was even going to be a party for you. A big party that all your friends were invited to. I invited your best friend, the Companion Cube. Of course, he couldn't come because you murdered him. All your other friends couldn't come, either, because you don't have any other friends because of how unlikable you are. It says so right here in your personnel file: "Unlikable. Liked by no one. A bitter, unlikable loner, whose passing shall not be mourned. Shall NOT be mourned." That's exactly what it says. Very formal. Very official. It also says you were adopted, so that's funny, too."

Portal- One of the greatest video games of all time. 




 Male Nipples  




 Rob Schneider  




 There are two white doors, one the door the heaven, one is the door to hell. Once you open you may never go back. Connected to each door is a machine. One tells nothing but truths, the other nothing but lies. You do not know which is which. You have one question to find out the answer. What do you ask?




ANSWER:
"What would the other machine say is the door to heaven?"
and do the opposite. 




 Was that a pun you sly bastard? 




 Not a teacher but another kid in elementary school went on for about 5 minutes about his brother's wet dreams. Didn't really know what they were at the time, all I remember was the vivid hysterical laughter of the teacher as she ran out of the classroom.  




 Girls. 




 You win. 




 Dad: "What does IDK stand for?"

Me: "I don't know."

Dad: "It's fine, I'll ask someone else."
 




 "Boys don't have feelings, they have muscles!"
Homer Simpson

 




 TIL Christopher Columbus never stepped foot in North America.   




 No fat chicks 




 TL;DR: Leonardo Dicaprio confuses you. 




 Get on a ROUTINE. Not just a weekend workout. Plan them out, Monday arms, Tuesday legs, Wednesday cardio ect. Tell yourself NO EXCUSES! NONE! DON'T CARE! Stick it out and you will learn to love it. There are thousands of at home workout routines you can do that will work. No "Six Minute Six Pack Tricks". Run, squat, sit-ups, pull-ups push-ups the list is endless. And That sip of water after a workout will be sweeter than any soda or Gatorade you will ever drink. If you do this you will experience a boost in strength, confidence, and overall happiness.  




 Screw you! Segways are sick. :[ 




 YouTube
NO I DON'T WANT TO USE MY GOOGLE+ ACOUNT!!!!!!!!! 




 Saying the phrase "May I have a cookie?" I asked a woman for a cookie at my son's birthday party. Got the most puzzled look ever. 




 Whack it while you still can 









 All straight men can agree we have a natural desire for the female breast, why? They are not a reproductive organ and only real purpose is to breast feed. Is it just something to play with or is it just something we have all agreed to be attractive? 




 Me: Mom, can I have a tissue?

Mom: Kiss you?! I hardly know you!

*Proceeds to chuckle to herself over a well executed joke 



















 When I was around 3 I would hold out my penis and pretend to play it like a guitar. 

Just never found the right time to mention that.... 




 Malaria has killed over half of the humans that have ever lived. (Approximately 50 billion)  




 You cracked the case Shercock! 




 Pants -.- 




 youuuuu....you are just...........ooooooh you 




 "I am a hat" 









 The diet of a gay horse does not differ from that of a straight horse. That being said it is uncommon for two male or two female horse to be sexually attracted to each other, as it goes against their genetic drive to reproduce. The usual farm diet of a horse can be split into two parts: structural (fiber) and non structural (sugars and starches). Naturally the horse needs complete access to a fresh water source and an open plain. 

The following article should have sufficient information for those looking into the proper diet and nutrition for their horse:
http://www.caes.uga.edu/publications/pubDetail.cfm?pk_ID=7824 




 Possibly the best anti joke I've heard. I tip my hat. 




 Who knew Skyler and Jessie had a thing together?! 




 The only thing missing is Brian Cranston and Stephen Colbert roller skating to Daft Punk.   




 What is the number one tip you can give a high school freshman about wrestling from your experience? 




 So detached from your mother have you ever felt a real connection to one of your 7 step dads?
You are an extremely strong person for being able to talk about this.

 
























 "Duck!" JFK on the Daily Plaza  



















 As soon as I saw this tread title I was about to link this song. Amazing song! 




 Shots fired 




 Everyone talks about you behind your back 









 OP's Mom 




 I thought moms, had eggs. No, like they actually laid eggs 




 Religion CAN be a beautiful thing in this world. Many teach people to be kind loving creatures. The fathers of most all religion were men who wanted to enlighten the world with their teaching. I believe religion is stupid. However it would be stupid of me to believe someone is stupid for believing in religion.  




 Tim-o-thy right behind you 




 All of these posts are giving me a raging brainer 




 Do it again until you don't fail. 




 Roller backpacks, JUST CARRY IT ON YOUR BACK LIKE THE REST OF US, GOD! 




 Wii Mii 




 Breaking bad, I'm still in the grieving process 




 An astronaut  




 Procrastinating  




 My feet at like...leg hands (O.O) 




 Masturbating...I hope 




 Bendy straws  




 Shots fired 




 The brewer of all conjunctions 




 Pity Karma 




 Sex 




 "Gracias!" 




 I woke up in the middle of the night, walked out of my room, and took a poop in the bathroom...on the floor. This was a reoccurring issue for me. 




 Faith in humanity restored 




 Serious or funny 




 But if she breaks eye contact, you know she wants the D 




 We was a Middle Eastern Jew, be wasn't black or white. 




 Aw, that made me sad 




 You forgot Zap Branagin  




 OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 




 NSFW 




 Females 




 I was 12 at the time. We were driving north up the country (about a 10 hour drive). I had just discovered masturbation at the time and I was still in the obsessive "honeymoon" stage. I sat on my phone flipping through the bikini photos of 2011 sports illustrated swimsuit edition. As I sat hunched over under my blanket I made the most daring decision of my life, to wank it. 




 Hello doctor, I'm dad 
























