 I'll never begin to understand the people in those comments. Even the direst homophobes shouldn't want a portion of the population not to get healthcare. It boggles the mind how people can hate so strongly. 














 We believe the HBP is not a well conceived or implemented project and that it is ill suited to be the centerpiece of European neuroscience.

Ouch. Wonder how that'll affect the US Brain Project...  









 ...in 2012. Love it. 




 Scumbag BICEP team. Getting us all excited over nothing. 




 It's amazing that these robots are realistic and detailed enough to "fool" real animals. In a way, this is also a victory for materials science...   









 TIL: Curiosity was in fact the first rover to ever die from cancer. 




 Wait, I thought all cosmic radiation was EM radiation. This is going to suck for Mars One.  




 Here's the original scientific paper: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24724938 



























































 ...but nobody lost quite as spectacularly as the sage grouse. 




 TBH, I haven't read all 178 pages yet... 




 A lot of those documents were actually declassified in 1977. Here you go: http://www.nytimes.com/packages/pdf/national/13inmate_ProjectMKULTRA.pdf 




 Hm. Decent point. Maybe we should. If the private sector would agree to fund the research, I can definitely see why we'd be better off without linking science to government money.    




 For more than two weeks many American scientists couldnt share their findings with the international scientific community or participate in joint research projects abroad. Government shutdown not only stifled U.S. researchit set back our foreign collaborators, too.

That's why. 




 Losing two weeks of data collection during a critical research period or two weeks of a key experiment that took months or years to set up will have repercussions for years

...And I thought shutting off the National Zoo's panda cam was bad.   




 It's crazy that a guy like Culberson can be so into NASA and yet so ignorant when it comes to environmental science.  









 I feel like a story about gecko-inspired gloves comes out every month. But apparently this one actually works (!). Crazy video. 




 I wonder how this impacts studies of video game violence. Does COD teach violence *faster* than, say a violent television show? Interesting.  



















 "We look at these old Archaean crusts, for instance, and we dont see the features that characterize subduction," Rey says.

It's a model that confirms physical evidence. Read the article (and the study, for that matter).  














 Yup. The NASA Centennial Challenge might help them fix that... 


































