 I just recently hit level 20, with around 14k ip saved up to buy tier 3 runes. Im planning to make two basic AD and AP rune pages, and then later specialize. ( I have 4 rune pages) My main problem is what quints should I get for the AD page? I hear things like 2 attack speed quints and 1 ad quint, all AD, all AS, 3 movement quints, lifesteal quints and many other things. What would be best?

My most played roles that use AD are in the order of Top, Jungle, then ADC.
 









 No matter how good you are, you can't win them all. Sometimes you have teammates that are so braindead that it is impossible to win. Just remember though that the only common denominator is you. There must be something you could be doing better to help you win. 




 Bad luck streaks happen. I just had a 10 game losing streak, and now ive won 5 straight. Dont worry, It all balances out eventually. 




 Sunfire cape is great on champions that deal in extended trades or have a dps ability (like Shyvana or Mundo). For example, sunfire cape is almost always my second item on shyvana (after I build cutlass, and not if I'm against someone like ryze) 




 As a newer player, I did the same thing when I first started. However i'd advise to go to PVP as immediately as you can. I actually found it easier, as you're facing other new players who make mistakes too, and you learn so much more so much faster. It's also much more fun. 




 Akali. You can easily snowball out of control off of one kill, and no one ever buys pink wards to counter her either. 




 Akali is actually a good and fun champion to play top. If you can capitalize on a mistake early on, or the jungler successfully ganks top, you can easily snowball out of control. Top is easily the most snowbally lane, and Akali is one of the most snowbally champions. Combine them and it can get insane. 




 As a fellow noob, I find that playing a couple bot games with a new champion helps a ton. Sure, you may my be getting much competition from them, but it lets you get the basics of a champion down pat before you play against the actual skilled opponents. 




 I've been trying Akali out this week, and i absolutely love her. I am probably going to buy her and start using her a lot. The one major downside to her that i have heard is that she has plenty of troubles once you reach a higher elo. I was just wondering, around what division does her effectiveness fall because of things such as people buying pink wards to counter her, etc.  




 Another one is Ryze, and that is because of him being able to gain insane damage from tank items, and that his passive basically let's him spam those spells non-stop. 




 My advice is just to slowly phase out using the space bar to center you. It's not a huge deal if you need to use it, but it's good not to have to rely on keeping a finger on the space bar. 









 I was really hoping for a free Zed or Akali week. As a new player I have been dying to try either of the two. 




 As a lower level player without runes, I reccomend using Warwick for now. You can learn the basics with him quite easily, he has plenty of room for error, and he has deadly ganks at level 6. 




 I'm a pretty new player to league, and i'm just trying to plan my rune pages for after I hit level 20. At the current moment im just trying to get some basic rune pages set up, and then in the future specialize. The one thing i've noticed in all of my research has been that you should use health seals  over armor seals now. The thing i've been wondering is how much better are they? Is the difference minor enough that i can save the extra 5000 ip for the time being and just use the armor seals, or is it a noticeable enough disadvantage that i should shell out the extra money right off the bat? 

I play top the most, followed by jungle and mid. 




 *groan* 




 The reason why you havent seen him in the show since season 1 is that his actor had scheduling problems. He has a much larger part in the books 




 There's no real reason at all. Besides the fact that he's secretly the prince that was promised, Azor Ahai reborn, and all that good stuff. 




 Thats what seemed so fucked up about it. I just can't imagine someone actually taking the time to record and play something like that. I had to actually keep telling myself that it was real, not just some sick fetishists story. Who the fuck could do this shit.  




 I appreciate knowing the punch line in the title. Thanks! 




 /u/preggit , how dare you mod this heretic?!? 




 People have the same reaction to my dick pics :'( 




 The old 'dick pic to the inbox' approach. Works every time. 




 What is your favorite movie and why is it finding nemo? 




 Good luck remembering the news stations number. 




 It won't be a problem. The amnesia will cause their body to forget about their diabetes and they'll be cured! 




 I've never heard of someone having bad enough amnesia to forget their own hand. 




 *You're goddamn right!* 




 *Like your tears*

Then BAM go for the nut shot! 




 He wrote that. It's in his song "Evil Twin" 




 Care to share any of the others? 




 All aboard the *Kane Train*! 




 It's actually weird, because both of those could work for GoT references, but I don't think they were intended to be. My brain hurts. 




 *cue shitty broken arms joke* 




 This story is so much better if you read 'penis' instead of 'pens' 




 Pay a large fine in only ass pennies. 




 "Stalin's gonna make fun of me for having a higher k/d ratio." :( 




 Hey man, when that extremely specific conversation comes up eventually, I'll know *exactly* what to say! 




 The times I have affected someone's life for the negative.  




 Amount of time spent on the computer 




 It might be easier to count the times that I'm not masturbating. 




 idk bro it would actually be like pretty cool. like OMG it would be alot. Like literally 5 trillion times.

^^^sorry 




 You can tell he's been waiting months for an opportunity to tell this joke. 




 http://imgur.com/a/pkgos#0 




 You've got some issues Stan, I think you need some counselling

To help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get down some. 




 Mine was basically "Wear a condom and don't stick your dick in crazy." 









 ^^Thatsthejoke 




 Or fuck my girlfriend 




 What's the point of working out if you can't post a heavily edited selfie on Instagram with the caption "Workout time! \#workout #beachbody #dedicated #jacked #jkimfat #likeforlike 




 Unidan? More like Umph-I-Can! (  #865; #3232;  #860; #662;  #865; #3232;)
 




 Unidan? More like Umph-I-Can! (  #865; #3232;  #860; #662;  #865; #3232;)
 




 \tfw Unidan won't demonstrate the mating ritual of the American Crow on you 




 Why did the chicken cross the road?

To get to the other side! 

^comedy ^gold 




 Maggie's sister. The blonde girl who was with Daryl. 




 I'll miss Beth. I'm really rooting for her to survive. I enjoy the optimism and 'innocence' she has.  









 You could say the same thing about your mothers 'big bang'. *Everywhere at once.* 




 Unless we go into some sort of Brave New World type society. 




 I made mostly everyone physical into a Hero, with a couple Paladins and a Swordmaster.  




 A big rule of smart gambling is that until you walk out the door with the money you gained/lost, you didn't "lose anything". Like lets say you won 10 grand, and then subsequently lost it on your next bet, you didn't lose 10 grand, you just didn't gain anything. Of course, its better to play smart and not lose that money in the first place, but if you do, don't worry about it. That's what will cause you to start losing your *actual* money trying to get it back. 




 You just gotta know where to buy them. You can't just go to 'Loincloths R Us', pick the first one you, see and expect a good deal. 




 As someone who is struggling through only a no-grind, no streetpass Lunatic run, that sounds like complete hell. I honestly don't know if doing a run like that would be possible. Without a defense boost from Frederick, a +def avatar wouldn't have enough def to reliably tank in the early levels, making you rely purely on Freddy, which would screw you for the later levels. 




 It's gotta be at least one. If you don't jerk off to yourself in the mirror, you got a problem. 




 I could imagine it being bad, and just going downhill from there.

"How many people masturbated to me?"

"3"

"Eh, that's pretty low. Were the girls hot at least?"

"They were guys."

"Were the *guys* decent looking then?"

"It was the old guy who lives next door, your gym teacher, and your creepy uncle." 

"..fuck" 




 Oh I know this one! It's from ["Whorrey Potter and the Sorcerors Balls"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Pq-4oAZbtI), right?

^^right?.....

[(this is an actual film)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whorrey_Potter_and_the_Sorcerer's_Balls) 




 I'm so sick of these motherfucking snakes on this motherfucking plane! 




 In my opinion, Lunatic Casual is probably easier than Hard Classic. It definitely would take away from the game. 




 They say music can alter moods and talk to you,

Well can it load a gun and cock it too?

If it can, the next time you assault a dude,

Tell the judge it was my fault, and I'll get sued.

Sing for the moment- Eminem 




 Its a popular show, so it has a large fanbase that would vote highly on it. What I'm surprised about is that season 2 and 3 are ranked higher then most of season 4 and 1, which have been the best seasons so far. 




 I honestly feel the opposite. The character development is a lot better this season, and unlike past seasons there isn't really anyone that you truly don't care about. The only member of the main group that I'm indifferent about is Sasha. 









 After you get past level 2, it actually isn't really that bad. Its challenging, but not masochistic. Lunatic+ is a whole different story. Its not even masochistic, its just pure insane. If I didn't see a video of someone beating it, I would think it was literally impossible. 




 Access to lunatic+ (AKA stupidly-hard mode) is the only thing you get from it. The satisfaction of beating Lunatic is good enough for me though 




 I have. I'm on level 6 right now, and my Avatar is insane. Level 17 with 16 defense, she's stronger then frederick in every single stat and could probably solo levels if I wanted her to. 




 For me it was around 24 hours on hard, not including my many resets when a character would die. 




 If you think that is difficult, try lunatic mode. It took me literally 2 weeks and easily over 10 hours of gameplay just to get past the second mission. 




 Its hard to explain without some spoilers, but it does all make sense in the game. 




 [Here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5P6ztpTMdc) is the full conversation if you're curious.

In short, Gregor (the old guy), has some drunk girl madly in love with him try to propose over and over again. He has Ricken (the little kid) dress up and pretend to be his girlfriend to get her off his back. 




 Gregor is my favorite. Whats better then the 40 year old, russian womanizer? 




 Its a war game, and a great one at that. However a big side portion of the game is building up character 'supports', which makes them help eachother in battle more. They can also have children, which are usually the best units in the game. This leads many people to focus purely on the relationship and eugenics side of the game, to try to get the most overpowered kids possible. 




 I actually will miss him. He had the art of getting downvotes but still being funny at the same time. He had  less than 5k karma left before he would have made it to a impressive -100k karma. 




 No offense is taken. I made these pairings purely on a fun first time playthrough, not caring about stats. I'd rather know if it would work before I started grinding then after I did. Thanks. 




 Hey guys, I am a pretty novice FE player (only played Shadow dragon and Awakening), and I have recently decided that I want to grind up my team and try to beat apotheosis. I was just wondering, how neccessary are optimal parent pairings in it? My only kids at the moment (im planning to get them all of course) are Sully!Lucina, Sully!Kjelle, Gregor!Severa, and Gaius!Yarne. Would those kids work well enough or be too subpar? 




 You could just always go on to /fit/ you know 




 Edit: I meant to put reproducing instead of producing in the title. 






























































































 http://na.op.gg/summoner/userName=crs%20piglet

(Yes, i know theyre all smurfs, just look at the cs levels) 




 Oh that's even stupider then! 




 So will the entire tournament or just the first rounds be on the S5 patch? Either sounds incredibly stupid. 




 Plz no 




 Poppy has a 100% win rate in competitive play.

Alistar, Zilean and Maokai were pick or ban at worlds. Renekton and Jax weren't picked once.

Kassadin is finally balanced for competitive play.  




 He's got a 50% win ratio, many pros have said he's still strong, even competitively viable as a niche pick. He's not as strong as he was before, but he's still in a good place, especially compared to some picks. 




 Yeah that's what I'll do. The good thing about bronze is that 90% of people have any idea of wave control, so I can just freeze by my turret and end up outcsing him by a large margin. Still annoying though as the only way to guarantee wins as top lane in bronze is by wrecking your lane opponent. Going even doesn't mean anything in an elo where there is often 50/60 kill games. 




 Irelia top, and I hate darius. Here in bronze, if I pick irelia, I'm guaranteed to have someone 'counterpick' a darius. Like i am not even kidding, the last 10
games I picked irelia, 8 times they picked a darius into me. While I don't feed him, it's still annoying to know you will have 0 impact on the game for a long time. Especially in bronze where teammates are at best unreliable. 




 Pingu 




 Jax's E, counterstrike. One of the strongest abilities in the game, but all levelling it up does is add 25 base damage and a slightly lower cooldown to it. 




 You can't jungle effectively without runes. They make a HUGE difference in the early clears. You will climb so much easier in every role if you get some. They basically give you a free 1000 gold in stats at the start of the game. 




 AP chogath. You have insane base damages AND ratios. Like your Q is something like 300+ 1AP, your W is 280+ .7AP and your ult is 720+ .7AP true damage! You can bully lane if you play him right, and if you get an early kill you will snowball out of control. Going ROA, Zhonyas, abyssal, etc. will make you fairly tanky, and still able to one shot their carry while chunking the rest of their team if you can land your Q consitently. 




 Jungle jax shouldn't,  you will already have an extra wars from your flare anyhow, and someone who is as gold dependant as him can't afford to waste that early 800 gold, especially on a junglers income. 




 It has an amazing splash art, and is IMO the best model of her skins too.  




 I would go ancient golem over flare on volibear however. The 25% bonus health is huge on him.  




 That just looks painful  




 He actually goes only 5% CDR blues, this lets him have 10% at lvl 1 with masteries, and 40% with a frozen heart and spirit visage. 




 Smokey the volibear 




 My favorite NA team and my favorite EU team are going. Today is a good day  




 Jungle jax is actually really good 




 Cho'gath is actually really good built as an AP bruiser. He has insane ratios (his full combo does more then most assassins) and really good natural tankyness. If you build items like a ROA, Abyssal sceptre, Zhonyas, you can delete squishy targets while still being a decent front line. 




 I skimmed through most of it, and it looks pretty damn good. The build is a textbook lux build, with plenty of good information too. If you're a new player trying to learn her it is perfect. Don't blindly follow the mobafire hate train, the highly rated guides on it are good nowadays, just be careful for any 'troll' ones. 




 How do I help carry low elo from top lane. Unless I get stupidly fed it feels like I have 0 impact on the game. There is no dragon fights or wards to tp to to gank, and roaming will just result in my jungler farming wraiths while we dance around mid turret and my laner splitpushing like crazy.  




 Try to salvage what lane is least behind. There are some games that are just unwinnable though. Even LCS players lose some games when climbing through the lower ranks. 




 I prefer it like this. It's history 




 The shiv proc will crit, giving him extra burst, plus it is cheaper, gives him more movement speed, and he can still get 100% crit chance with proper runes. 




 If you aren't auto attacking as ryze, you are playing him wrong. Especially early on in lane, you can weave several autos into your combo for extra harass. 




 With riven you should basically all-in him  every time he even looks at a minion. Try to stand in front of his minion wave so he has to walk through you to stack, and your AOE damage won't push the wave that way. Eventually it will reach his turret, but by then he should either be low enough to dive with a jungler, or he should have barely any stacks. Once he starts freezing in front of his turret, or he becomes too tanky to realistically kill, you are free to roam and start snowballing your team while he tries to farm his way out of being a witherbot. 




 It depends on the jungler, you should rush damage on someone like Kha'zix, but not somebody like Jarvan. (except for an early brut or hex) Vi is a bit strange, as she can be built for both damage and tankyness depending on the team comp and how you're doing.  




 They just played fusion again, and stomped them. Robert got a penta 




 Robert, bubba, and prolly were the were the reasons why I liked complexity so much this year. I sure hope they actually want to try to make the lcs with this team, because I will be a fan 100% 




 Jax. A full build jax can 1v1 99% of the champs in the game, arguably the best splitpusher in the game, and can blow up any squishes in teamfights. 




 A game I played yesterday, we were down 5 kills to 12 early on. I was 5/0 at the time. It was something like a 0/5/1 orianna, 0/3/2 teemo, 0/3/0 Morgana, 0/2/0 ezreal.  




 Lux. Lets hope we never watch any comedy movies, or crack any jokes, or anything that makes her laugh. 




 implying sneaky doesn't 420blaze with Meteos all day 




 I'm honestly starting to wonder if they are secretly sponsored by chipotle at all. As tasty as it is, no man can physically eat at much as Meteos reportedly does 




 Anyone have a link to the article? 




 A hypercarry is usually considered as a champion that during the late game can almost single handedly carry a game due having insane damage, with innate safetyness due to range/tankyness/invulnerability. 

Some examples are Jax, Tristana, Ryze, Kog'Maw, Poppy, Tryndamere Nasus. Some debated ones are are Master Yi, , Vayne, Karthus. 




 There is 0 reason to sell flare on warwick. It synergizes so well with his ult, and by the time it comes around to sell it, it should have enough stacks to make it worth keeping. 




 Just FYI on why nasus players rush armor, it is because of his passive lifesteal. Let's say he is gaining 50 health per Q, if he has 1000 health he would gain 5% of his life back, but if he has 1500 health, he would
gain 3% of his health back. It also makes potions and all of that more effective allowing him to sustain longer in lane. 




 Usually you want an assassin if there is one or more high priority targets on the other team, that you will reasonably be able to blow up.  You shouldn't pick them against a team with a way of stopping or mitigating your burst (kayle, zilean),  




 You desperately need to build some tank after your Triforce, or you'll
Just get blown up before you can do any damage. A Bork would work as like a last item, and if you ever get to be full build, you should 100% of the time build a Bork to replace your lizard. 




 And talon 




 Bronze 1 is actually the best division IMO. Everyone wants to get to silver so they try hard, and everyone knows they're subpar players so there is no flaming. 




 ADC item changes made hypercarries such as Tristana and Kog'maw very strong in the bottom lane.

There is more of a 'hypertank' meta in top now, notably with Maokai and Alistar. AD nidalee is currently pick or ban status.

Exhaust nerfs, plus a need to eliminate the hypercarries in bot lane have brought back assassins. Talon and Zed are notably strong.

Nerfs to Lee Sin, Evelynn, and Elise have made them less oppressing, but still strong. KhaZix with a W max has made a resurgence. 




 Just build full tank with a sunfire. When you're fed as Mundo you basically become unkillable, and the enemies have a choice of trying to kill your team and letting you slowly kill them or to focus you and let your damage dealers tear them apart. 




 Proc is basically a term for activating an effect. Like you proc your guardian angel when you die, or you proc Vaynes silver bolts on her third hit. 




 It's more of a trade-off. You are guaranteed a safer laning phase, and you can even bully some tanks (excluding Ali), but you also have little kill pressure and less roaming potential. Since Akali is all about roaming and snowballing off kills, I'm personally not a fan of Akali top unless you pick her into a strong matchup 




 Ask them if they secretly had "the fappening" opened back stage and that was what inspired them to win 




 I've actually found a ton of recent success with him in the jungle. He has a earlier powerspike then lane Jax with a feral flare+Triforce. He has fairly strong ganks and decent clears, and great sustain (counterstrike basically makes camps do 0 damage, just be careful about running OOM) You need to be careful about early invades (especially pre-3, where you won't be able to ward jump to safety) , but you aren't a sitting duck like Amumu either. 




 KogMaw OP please nerf rito 




 Unless you think that you could burst one of them down with a few autos and a E+R combo, just rocket jumping away is the safest choice. Just remember that your strongest points levelwise are 2, 6-8, and then 13+. Itemwise you are the weakest ADC in the game after the first item is completed. 




 Max your E first, or at minimum put a couple early points in it before you max your Q. This gives you much stronger trading in lane, as a AA-E-AA does pretty decent damage. You aren't going to be needing the extra attack speed much early on, as you shouldn't be doing more then a couple autos in a row in lane. 

Also, I find that building a Statiik shiv before an IE can make tough/behind lanes a lot easier. The shiv synergizes so well with your E passive, giving you great wave clear to let you farm easier. With Tristanas weak mid game you won't be duelling anyone anyways, but if you jump on to someone, E in mid air, auto(+shiv proc)  and then ult them away, you have quite high burst early on and can grab you some kills if the opponent is missing some health. 




 Heres a couple for top.

Poppy has a quite weak laning phase, but has one of the best team fights in the game. A full build poppy is the strongest champion in the game IMO (Excluding unreasonably farmed Nasuses/Sions/Veigars)

Malphite can't do much in lane, but has amazing initiations

Mundo has a weak early game, but becomes an unkillable monster who deals good damage in teamfights. 

Jax has trouble early on but then goes into Jax-mode later on.

Nasus is like a poodle at the start but is a Great Dane if he gets reasonable farm.
 




 Hey summonerschool. I play a ton of Evelynn, however recently I have been having some troubles. I usually come of to a great start with her, (my last three games ive been something crazy like 10/0/2, 6/0/4, and 5/1/6 at the end of laning phase) I still have found myself unable to carry. I understand the point of evelynn is to get your laners fed, and that is what i try to do. However, I often find myself just barely killing them as they go under turret, or getting a double kill in a countergank where my laner died, leaving the kills to me instead of my laners.

The problem with this is that if i ever find myself in a position of being the most fed member on my team, I feel useless. I do fine in laning phase and small skirmishes, but as soon as teamfights come im useless. Since I have to be in melee range to do any real damage, i just get CC'd, and bursted down. If I build tanky to counteract this, I wont be able to actually kill anyone. 

My usual build order if I'm ahead is Elder Lizard, Mobi boots, Triforce, Randuins, Maw, and a situational item. I'm thinking that building a Maw before a triforce might help, as that will make me less reliant on autos, and give me slightly more survivability during the first teamfights.

(I'm at Silver V, if that makes any difference for anything)

 




 Learning how to turn off your caps lock might help. 




 Alright, that actually helps a lot, thanks! 




 You can smite while stunned? TIL! Must just be the fact that they will suddenly panic and focus me, forgetting bout the drag long enough for me to steal. 




 I'm currently at something like an 80% win rate with jungle jax, (in low silver however). He just seems  so good. His clears are decent, he synergizes amazingly with feral flare, his ganks are pretty good, he scales like a god, and he is actually quite good at Dragon/baron steals (AOE stun). Too bad he's basically permabanned at my ELO. 




 Yeah, to teach them how to beat weak teams :\^) 




 Her core items are Hextech Gunblade and Zhonyas Hourglass. They both synergize so well for her that you can't pass them up. After that (+boots), she could build either a deathcap, Lich Bane, or void staff for her fourth and fifth items. Her sixth item is usually a guardian angel, but a banshees veil or another damage item also works well.

Playing her is basically playing extremely passive until level 6 (assuming your playing mid), then back with hopefully enough gold for a Hextech revolver. This lets uou get your ult charges at the same time. You then have a choice between trying to kill your laner, or roam. Akali is one of the hardest snowballing champions in the game, so it's worth taking a risk to
get a kill.

One of the main combos you can do on her is throw a Q, wait a few seconds, R to them, proc your Q with your auto, throw your Q that just came of cooldown, and proc with your E. This can take someone from 60-0 in the span of a second at level 6. 




 Don't listen to the other people saying you can't jungle without runes. As someone who recently levelled to 30, I started jungling around lvl 10. This is especially useful if you want to play draft pick mode, where you are expected to jungle. 

However, the only three junglers id recommend are Warwick, Xin Zhao and Fiddlesticks. They all have enough inherent sustain to let you jungle without worrying about dying to the camps early on. They are also all mechanically easy to play, so you can focus more on learning how to jungle instead of learning how to play the champion. 




 Hey if you want you can add me in game, I'm a new enough player that I still remember what it was like to learn the game, but I have enough experience to help teach you what you don't know, or answer any questions you might have. Just PM me if you want my in game name. 




 Lich Bane all the way. A Triforce only outdamages a Lich bane if you rush it, which is a terrible idea as gun blade and Zhonyas are so incredibly core. Assuming you build Lich/Tri third, a Triforce only barely outdamages a Lich Bane in spell blade procs, but Lich Bane also has 50 extra AP (which gives you much more burst), and is 700 gold cheaper. If you get it fourth, a Lich Bane massively outdamages Triforce in every way. 




 /r/leagueoflegends needs more shitposts. I present to you, this thread.  (   )
 




 The "meta" way to build her is like jax, Triforce and BOTRK into tank. This lets her be a strong dueller and splitpusher, as well as not letting her get exploded if she jumps on a carry in a teamfight. 




 I thought I was in /r/bestofbronze for a minute. Hell, I'm in bronze 2 (held back by feeding teammates otherwise id be in Challenger) and I have done outplays better then this. NAKorea confirmed. 




 Don't downvote me for this unpopular opinion.... but I believe that Faker is a good player. Might even be up to an LCS level. 




 Thresh has been nerfed, but not heavily enough to warrant not playing him. It's mostly just that the meta has shifted to supports that can counter him now, like Morgana. He's still a very strong pick though. 




 Roam like crazy. But when you roam, try to give what kills you can to the laner you are roaming to. Far too often you see akalis have basically all the kills on thier team and once they get focused down theyre useless. If you can feed your bot lane or your top lane on your roams (assuming you are snowballing already) you will do MUCH better. 




 The only problem I see with that kit is his W seems overpowered. It's like a nasus wither and nocturne ult combined on a 10 second cooldown. With 40% CDR you can basically permaslow someone and remove all of their allied vision at the same time.  




 Mobility boots are also super useful on evelynn. They synergize super well with her passive, and help scare the crap out of the laners as she can basically show up top, and then gank mid way before anyone would expect. 




 She doesn't have too high of a skill floor, but her skill cap is quite high. 




 From what I got of it, the changing just allows for people to switch spots. Like if Wildturtle is #1 in Master tier, that means he will be in challenger. The next day, he will still have the number one spot in Master, so he will remain in challenger. But if 'billy' was the 200th place in master, and thn goes on tilt and drops to 250th, he won't remain in challenger the next day. 




 There's a diamond 1 Malzahar jungle main, it takes a lot of skill to learn but it's actually quite effective. Can do 4 min dragons and that sort of thing. 




 Mostly just low bronze, Bronze 1/2 has some players that aren't considered good in any means, but it's not like they're brain dead 




 You ban lee sin so your teammates don't use him 




 She's squishy early on, and relies on diving in and out for her combo. She will also run OOM fast if she is forced to spam her heals. Because of this, playing someone who has the ability to do two of the following will work: out trade her, outpoke/outsustain her, or have the ability to jump on to her and stick. 

For example, Xin Zhao has the early damage, sustain, and sticking ability to give her trouble. Pantheon can stun her and then out trade her if she ever tries jumping on him, and he can block a bunch of her poke + poke back. Gragas could outsustain her, and do a hefty amount of damage if he gets jumped on.  




 They did for ahwile, but it's back now. I had the same problem for a bit. 




 It seems like the new ancient golem would be a good item on him, his E has a 6% max hp ratio. 




 I'm definitely gonna try a ancient golem jungle Gnar. It'll take time to learn, but his ganks should be deadly. 




 Damn, he sure could have some deadly all-ins. When you near max tantrum, try to get some Hyper proc's (14% max health each) (a ghostblade might be effective). Then jump in as beast form, and with your loads of CC you should easily be able to destroy them. 




 Immobile, squishy mid laners are common picks, and they are perfect targets for assassins such as akali and talon to just jump on and kill. They also are unable to prevent them roaming as if they follow they could just get jumped on from a bush and killed. They can also quickly assassinate the hyper carry adc that are so common in this meta. 




 Ryze is the definition of a "spammy ability champion" 




 Thanks for the tips! Not to be nitpicky, but isn't fizz an AOE assassin as well? 




 I keep getting convinced more and more to try Talon. I think he might be my next buy. Anyone have some tips for him? 




 She's strong against most matchups, especially melee champs that she can just poke down and then zone. The hardest matches she has are champs that can either out trade her, or have the ability to stick on to her. For example, Xin Zhao and Pantheon give her a lot of trouble. 




 As someone learning J4, how do
you get away with such a low death rate? I find that 90% of the time I'll catch a carry out with my ult, get them focused down, and then subsequently die. We'll usually win the teamfight but I'll almost always be a casualty. Like a game would be more like 5/8/20 or something around that. 




 Focus whoever you can attack that won't put you in a position of danger. The carries are the best choice, but if you get dived and killed just to try to attack then it's not worth 




 Yes, but you don't flame them. There's times when your teammate needs to be told to get his head out of his ass, but you need to do it in a way that motivates them, not discourages them. Same with league. 




 Please, whatever you do don't play the Donger support. It makes Csing absolutely hell for the ADC. 




 She was played twice today in the NALCS. She is quite viable. 




 The standard build is 2x dorans into Infinity Edge, Phantom Dancer, Berzerker Greaves, Last Whisper, BOTRK, and a situational defensive item.

You can replace the Phantom Dancer with Statikk Shiv and the BOTRK with a Bloodthirster if you want, just that the aforementioned one is the most efficient.
 




 Nerfing a champion is nothing near the lines of jagex removing what was arguably the hugest part of the game for many people. If riot pulled a jagex it would be them doing something like removing the jungle entirely. 




 I have a ~70% win rate with evelynn at a low level and the build I've had the most success with is Elder Lizard, Trinity Force, Maw of Malmortius, Randuins, situational defensive item, and your boots of choice. You deal enough damage to help carry your team but are defensive enough to not get blown up in teamfights. 




 Id suggest Shyvana for top. She doesn't have any real weak common matchups, she has a pretty simple kit, and you'll out scale almost all toplaners. 




 Maim being removed has nothing to do with machete giving feral flare stacks. I'm on mobile so I can't show any direct links, but if you reread the item you'll see. 




 Play draft pick as soon as your able. Only way to deal with instalockers pre 30. 




 Lucian. I feel helpless laning gainst him. 




 Besides the ones already mentioned, there is also Akali and Fizz for some mobile assassins. 




 As a level 21 noob, Why exactly is this? I find it so much faster to go bluewraithsredgank (if possible) . Wraiths are so much faster to kill and easier on health. Even with farming junglers I have seen a video that shows there is zero difference in time to go bluewraithsredwolves. 
























