 Haha yeah I know what you mean, thank you.  




 World peace, where everyone will just be fine.  




 From the language to the cinematography, Lord of the Rings.  




 Drop it low girl - ester dean 




 Dracula Untold (2014), they left it open with the possibility of another one.  




 Titanic. Why? Because it had such beautiful music during precise moments that just made me swoon over the scenes. It was just beautiful and I fell in love with it.  




 Lord of the Rings. Any of them.  




 I respect that. Non believing is on the rise, and who am I to say which is right, just an opinion.  




 Personal, small (or large) things that happen to you in your life. Someone you run into after not seeing them for years at the right time and right place. Finding the exact perfect dress out of a million others in the store. The music moving with the birds flying over your car at the exact perfect moment in the song. Idk things. Unexplainable things. But I have no clue why bad things happen to good people, gods obviously not taking care of that stuff.  




 Yes because some things are too powerful to be coincidences.  




 I bought one of those gold leaf crown things from Urban Outfitters for like 30$ and afterwards I was like when am I ever gonna wear this again? It was for a festival. It's still pretty cool tho.  




 If only I could have done it this other way.  




 Coffee..coffee coffee coffee!  




 Lana Del Rey 




 Turned in an old iPod to a pawn shop...I miss that fucking iPod every day.. 




 I think that persons me  




 Not recent, but Stephen Kings, Storm of the Century, is a movie I watch at least 3 times a year. It's very good.  




 Hypothetically speaking. 




 Where's Titanic?  




 They're action packed, full of good versus evil, and usually have romance, what's not to love?  




 Just curious what people think the disadvantages of transparency are.  




 Did I do good? 




 You were always going too fast. 




 When people are sad or having a bad day. Most people don't want anything to do with them because they're spreading "negative vibes."  




 Face to face so you can really open up about how you feel. In an email things can get misconstrued.  




 I don't know. Michael Bay films are usually totally entertaining and fun to watch just like the Fast movies. I think people just like to make fun of Michael Bay because he's made a trademark of blowing shit up and being huge.  




 The Shawshank Redemption  
























 Or in the future 2016, 2017, 2018.  




 Hobbies, Interests, ect.  




 Just curious.  




 Just wondering.  




 Little Talks, Mountain Sound, Your Bones by Of Monsters and Men  




 But it's beyond humiliating.  




 What emotion and which scene or scenes did this for you?  




 Greaaat 




 True thanks  




 "You're spreading negative vibes." 




 Movies by myself  




 Ashy space dust  




 I wrote a large scale film in the form of a treatment but other than that no shorts with friends.  




 To be a great filmmaker  




 An in depth plot summary of a film.  




 Random, but Terrance Howard, he just seems like a down to earth guy that you can trust. Since I know him personally and everything :p not really.  




 What Lies Beneath (2000) 




 A treatment I wrote for a huge blockbuster trilogy, wish I could get it seen or on the front page :/  




 Filming of The Lord of the Rings 




 Justin Bieber, he gets a lot of shit for just being him but what has he done to earn that? Making music some people don't like is the biggest reason people don't like him.  




 It's alright, nothing greaaat. The movie Signs is very alien if you haven't seen that. I consider that one great.  




 Extraterrestrial (2014) was an adventure movie with a shocking ending, and Dark Skies (2013) was suspenseful. Both about aliens.   




 I want to be a great filmmaker, so we'll see ~ 




 I love dogs and I hate having to have a job. Wish I was traveling.  




 Social skills. 




 What Happens in Vegas, for some reason that movie is just silly and gets me laughing.  




 When they're ordering something from a drive thru.  
























