









 Hey guys, I know there are the two movie theaters in Morrisville that do $5 movies (one on Tuesday and the other between 4-6 everyday.) Does anyone know of any other places around the triangle that has special discounts on certain days or shows cheap movies? 

EDIT: Awesome responses guys - thanks!  




 Since a lot of people are coming in with a couple of thousand words written, consider using this additional rule for the challenge: extra words written in a certain week don't carry over. So even if you have 1,000 words written and you are ahead for week 1 (100 words written), this count doesn't carry over and you STILL have to write 200 words for week 2. 

Just my two cents.   




 You'll have to make a copy of it for yourself, but here's the [link to the word count tracker.](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AsFevF2WQhWsdEN6VEVtWnJfQVpUanZGaHFGNE5sLUE usp=sharing) 




 For example, the default is "readers", but subs like /r/archerfx it says "Duchesses" instead.

And apologizes if this is in the wiki or faq and I missed it or is CSS related and I just didn't understand it. 




 Use this thread to update everyone on your weekly writing progress! Also, feel free to also post your writing or snippets of your writing here. Any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! Consider using the additional rule on the sidebar if you are far ahead but want to keep on pace with the rest of the community. 

You can refer to [this chart](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AsFevF2WQhWsdEN6VEVtWnJfQVpUanZGaHFGNE5sLUE usp=sharing) to keep track of your word count. The column on the furtherest right is the cumulative word count. 




 **TL;DR up top: I invite everyone to join me on my 52 Week Writing Challenge. Every week you will write 100 more words than the week before... so that at the end of 52 weeks of continuous writing, you will have produced 137,800 written words, equivalent to a 500+ novel.**

It's simple: start small, build a routine, form the habit, and WRITE.

We're all aspiring writers here. But it's not a secret that it's hard to find time to sit down and actually commit to writing after a long day at the office or a long night of homework and so you tell yourself "Oh, I'll do it tomorrow". Well, eventually tomorrow turns into next week and next week turns into next month, and sure enough - *another year has gone by*. 

But there's Nanowrimo you say. True, but for someone who writes a few thousand words every couple of months, the idea of finishing 50,000 words in one month is *absolutely daunting*. That's an average of 1,666 words everyday!

So how exactly do we become comfortable with doing this? Practice. Routine. You do it so many times that your brain just does it unconsciously and naturally. Think about it... from touch typing in the dark to playing the unmarked strings of a violin, these are not things that were picked up or developed in a day. It was drilled in through sheer repetition and routine. That's what I hope to accomplish this year with my writing challenge. 

Start small. No one started by playing Beethoven concertos... we all have to begin with Twinkle Twinkle Little Star or Mary Had a Little Lamb or something equally mundane. Start small and easy and repeat and gradually build on it.  

So I was inspired by the slew of new year's posts on reddit by proud people who had just completed the 52 Week Money Challenge (which was in turn originally inspired by the following [blog post](http://savingabuck.com/2013/01/try-the-52-week-money-challenge-for-2013/).) I decided to tweak this for my own purposes. 

**So it's simple.** Week 1, you will write 100 words. Easy-peasy, right? Awesome. Week 2, you will write 200 words. Psh, still easy. Week 3, write 300 words... you see where I'm going with this right? **Every week you will write 100 more words than the week before... so that at the end of 2014 and at the end of 52 weeks of continuous writing, you will have produced 137,800 written words, equivalent to a 500+ novel.**

**With that said, I would like to invite everyone here at /r/writing to join me in this challenge.**

So at the end of this year, **we** will all not only have written a complete novel but more importantly we will have developed a consistent weekly routine of writing so that the next 100,000 words will come so quickly and so simply we will look back and wonder what exactly was holding us back all those years ago. 

Personally, I'll be starting a [blog](http://52weekwritingchallenge.blogspot.com/) to chronicle this (mis)adventure though I will be posting to this subreddit regularly as well. I'm putting myself out there so that I might feel some sort of accountability on my part to actually stick this out throughout the rest of the year. 

For those who want to keep track of their writing and word counts throughout the year, here is a copy of a [simple template](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AsFevF2WQhWsdEN6VEVtWnJfQVpUanZGaHFGNE5sLUE usp=sharing) I created for myself. You can copy and paste it onto your own file if you want to use it.

(I know it's already 1/16 and we've already missed the first two weeks worth of writing! Well, I will be doing a little catch up this week to catch up to week 3, but feel free to start your challenge ANY TIME and go for 52 weeks!) 

EDIT: So some people have expressed interest in creating a separate group to track progress and/or engage with each other. Personally, I will only posting snippets but I think checking in with each other to make sure we're all on track is a good idea. If you are interested, **please join /r/52wkwritingchallenge**! Otherwise, feel free to use the google spreadsheet above to track your progress yourself!

EDIT 2: Since a lot of people are coming in with a couple of thousand words written, **consider using this additional rule for the challenge: extra words written in a certain week don't carry over.** So even if you have 1,000 words written and you are ahead for week 1 (100 words written), this count doesn't carry over and you STILL have to write 200 words for week 2. 









 Any help would be greatly appreciated. Any HA and IVs would be an awesome bonus! Females are preferred - thanks!!  




 Female preferred for Vulpix and Snivy. Male preferred for Sandshrew. Any HAs or IVs would be awesome but I'm totally cool with whatever. 

Thanks!!  









 Any recommendations on brands would be helpful. My current pair  was given to me by my mom but sadly it has no labels (and they are completely ruined). I also own 2 pairs of very opaque tights from Express, but I'm looking for something that's more semi opaque. 

An example of how sheer/opaque: http://imgur.com/IbYDBOB 




 Any recommendations on brands would be helpful. My current pair  was given to me by my mom but sadly it has no labels (and they are completely ruined). I also own 2 pairs of very opaque tights from Express, but I'm looking for something that's more semi opaque. 

An example of how sheer/opaque: http://imgur.com/IbYDBOB

Looking for something around $10. 

EDIT: Thanks for all the replies! That was really fast! :)  









 See title. Anyone else seeing down for maintenance?  




 Back at it's normal location at /u/Bio-ScienceGuy's apartment. PM him for his address. 

This week will be long game day and we will start at 2 PM instead of the normal 5 PM, but feel free to show up whenever. Just drop a line below if you are.  




 I'm already on asiatorrents, but content is pretty limited. I'm looking for several 80s-90s TV shows and a long time ago, there was a Chinese tracker that I used but that before the Chinese government cracked down on trackers and that site got shut down. I haven't really kept up with the different trackers since then - just looking for some pointers. Thanks!  




 See other thread for details. PM me for the address.  









 It's being aired as a global simulcast starting at 2:50 PM tomorrow on BBC America. 

I thought it might be fun if some people wanted to get together to watch. Let me know if there's any interest.   
























 Anyone interested in another Arkham Horror night? I'll have printed rule sheets for everyone to use as a reference. 

Can be at my place this time now that's not a complete mess of moving boxes.  



















 Hey guys, looking for some players to have fun and chill with while playing zombies. Looking for good team players who want to go far and who are 18+.  




 Amazingly a google search did not turn up anything. Here are some of the lyrics: "high and low i've traveled / far and wide i'd go / from the desert track to the mountain side". The chorus has a bit with "traveling alone". It sounds a bit Johnny Cash-esque.

Someone said it might be original content. Anyone have any ideas?

Link here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lncRSnc6AQ8 









 I couldn't really tell from the information provided on the website. Thanks!  




 Anyone know of any place showing this live on Sunday on a big screen? 




 Anyone know of any place showing this live on Sunday on a big screen? 









 Just watched that video of the guy waking up post-surgery - apparently this behavior is quite common. (Link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IqebEymqFS8) Reddit, what are your best/funniest post surgery stories of your friends, SOs, family members or yourself?  




 Long story short: I bought a short sale house that was empty for at least 8 months before I moved in. This is the sad state of my front yard (the back yard is actually fine which is weird). The front of the house faces southeast. Since it's mostly weed than grass, I guess torching it all and replanting would be my best bet. But I have zero experience and I'm also a small female person - what should my plan of action be?

Pics: http://imgur.com/a/OChgR#IjpfmHL

Thanks for any help! 









 As mentioned above, I pulled up the vinyl and the underlayment and almost none of the staples came up with the boards. Do I need to remove all of these staples or can I just pound them into the subfloor and go about putting my cement board on top? 

Thanks!! 

EDIT: The staples are super long and can't just be pried up with strength alone. They were stapled in 1-2 inch intervals. So far, I've been using the corner of the back end of a hammer to wiggle them up.  




 I'm thinking maybe Wed or Thurs night? But I'm open to suggestions. Looking for 2-4 more players. 

EDIT: Meet at 8 PM tomorrow at /u/Bio-ScienceGuy's place.  














 I love this seasoning, just wondering if anyone knew what's in it. I tried looking up the ingredients and I couldn't really find anything. 

This is what I'm referring to: http://www.amazon.com/Prudhommes-Magic-Seasoning-Blends-24-Ounce/dp/B0000CDBRN 




 Hey guys, I just bought a house with no appliances so I'm looking into buying a whole set (stove, fridge, washer, dryer, etc). I've applied for two credit cards with good sign up bonuses (Chase Sapphire Preferred/Citi AA) but I'm wondering if there's any other ways I can rack up some good points or rewards while I'm doing all that. I'm most likely going to be buying at Lowe's/Home Depot. Anyone know of any good coupons for these stores?  









 Hey all - I recently bought a short sale and it was sold as-is with some issues to the upstairs AC. It's not blowing cold air and I got a service guy to come out and he said there was a leak and I was low on roughly two pounds of refrigerant (it's a 2.5 ton split unit). He also said it was most likely the coil which would cost roughly $1500 to replace (and I did not have him perform the leak search.) The guy said I could try to fill it up with refrigerant but if the leak was bad, it would just quickly leak out again. 

My question is this - since the house was unoccupied (and power was shut off) for about 6-8 months before I moved in do you guys think that the leak is actually somewhat small and it was mostly due to the AC being off for a long period of time? (The guy told me that ACs with leaks will actually lose more refrigerant when off as opposed to on.) I was thinking of just adding some refrigerant for now to get it up and running. I have alot of other house related expenses and I'd rather not repair for $1500 or replace for $5000... 

Also, bonus question - I got quoted $5300 for a 13 SEER Carrier and $6900 for a 16 SEER Carrier (in Raleigh, NC). Are those prices somewhat in line with what's to be expected? Also, heard prices for replacement might be cheaper in the fall - should I hold off if I do elect to go the replacement route? How much cheaper would it be? 

Thanks for any help with this!  




 Pictures: http://imgur.com/a/bMm5B

First is the shower - it looks like someone used caulk maybe instead of grout here? What is the proper way to remove and re-do using proper materials? 

Second, the bathtub has a small missing ding in it. What's the best way to fill it and cover up? It's on the far side of the tub so water leakage isn't a major concern. 


 




 Resubmitting as text post: 

Deck pics: http://imgur.com/a/xJpMa

A little background: house was built in 1999, no structural issues. 

1. Would I be able to to just replace the warped boards by removing the individual boards and getting a new piece to replace at say Lowe's? Is this as simple as it getting them up and screwing in new boards?
2. What is the best way to seal the deck and prevent this from happening in the future?

EDIT: Bottom of the deck: http://imgur.com/a/xtzzj 









 Hi guys, 

I'm about to close on my first house and the first thing I want to do (before I put appliances in) is tile the kitchen. I'm a total DIY beginner but I have been reading up and watching videos on the tiling BUT I just want to run through my plan and ask questions beforehand to make sure nothing goes wrong. Just for reference, house is from 1999 so fairly new. 

Currently there is vinyl in the kitchen (which looks like is over plywood - http://imgur.com/AGbdy4t ):

1. Score vinyl with utility cutter. 
2. Peel up. 
3. Remove plywood (EDIT: someone said there's probably plywood there and needs to be removed) 

Now for actual flooring: 

1. Use modified thinset between subfloor and Ditra. Spread and stick it on. 
2. Use non-modified thinset above between Ditra and tile. (But must use latex additive for porcelain tile? Does it apply to ceramic as well?) 

Some general questions: 

1. How long does it take to dry between all the layers? I've heard it takes awhile - up to a week?
2. How do I tile around/cut the tile to work for this vent? (By the window - http://imgur.com/3o1Zk0W) I have read some stuff about using a wetsaw, but is there no other way to do it? I am planning on using a snapper.
3. I am planning on doing a diagonal pattern, are there any guidelines or suggestions where to start? (For example, for just straight squares it is recommended you start in the center and work outwards.) 
4. If I decide to go with Wonderboard instead, do I need pay attention to how I screw it down? Or just evenly spaced works? 

I would also like any recommendations on the following tools: 

-Tile snapper (or saw if that's better) 

-Modified Thinset (Someone recommended Versabond) 

-Unmodified Thinset (Someone recommended Laticrete ? on the actual one) 

-Places to buy cheap tile? (The best I've found is .86 ceramic tile that's on sale at HD) 

Is there anything else I've forgotten or failed to think of? 

Thanks for any and all help!! 




 I'm about to close on a house that doesn't have any appliances so I need to purchase a full set of everything. I've been checking out the Lowe's clearance section and general outlet/scratch   dent places. I stumbled on this rebate - wondering how good this deal is/how often Lowe's does stuff like this? Should I be jumping on this deal? 

Link here: http://img.rewardpromo.com/1/1638/3813.pdf  














 1. Do they attack all players once one player goes into the house? 
2. How often can you go back through the house and get the free perk? Someone said it's whenever the lights go back on? 
3. Is there a set number of times they come after you? 
4. Do they always come from the front until you leave the house? 

Thanks!   
























 Wondering if it would be feasible idea to offer up unwanted items on the subreddit before you guys trash or donate them. I'm sure there are people on here who would love your unwanted items and even pay you to ship it to them. What do you guys think?  














 This is working really well for The Last of Us Factions so I figured it would be great for zombies as well: 

**Link: http://us11.chatzy.com/86155072157619**
 
Please make your username the following format: 

*Username[System/Mic or No Mic/Time Zone/Age]

*Example: mrmariobro[PS3/Mic/EST/24] 
 




 Hey guys, I used to read a lot of manga when I was high school, but pretty much stopped once I got to college. I recently caught myself up with Billy Bat and it just reminded me of how awesome manga can be. So I'm looking for recommendations of newer series, specifically ones that started after 2009. I'm slightly flexible on this but try not to recommend things that started way before this date bc changes are I will have read it or heard of it already. 

I read pretty much any genre, though I like plot/character driven ones and dislike mangas that are super fanservice-y. 

To give you some idea of things I liked from before: FMA, Rurouni Kenshin, anything by Naoki Urasawa, One Piece, Death Note, Flame of Recca, Eden, Jiraishin, Goth, Black Lagoon, anything by Kaori Yuki, stuff by CLAMP, Bleach, Anatolia Story/Red River, Basara, 7 Seeds, Hikaru no Go, Prince of Tennis, random things by Mitsuru Adachi, Hana Yori Dango, Hanakimi, Ouran High School Host Club. This is just off the top of my head to give you a sampling of mangas that've enjoyed in the past. 

Appreciate any recs! Thanks!  




 My PSN is mrmariobro (but I'm female to avoid any confusion). I've got a mic and I'm a pretty good team player. Please add if you wanna play for a bit now or later tonight. I'm on EST.  
























 Hey guys, I'm not much of a makeup user, but I started wearing makeup regularly for work (9-5 everyday) after college and I've noticed that my skin has now has blemishes and bumps and just other general imperfections that definitely didn't exist before. I've never broken out and it doesn't turn red or irritated, but my skin was definitely much clearer and smoother before I started regularly using makeup. My mom's has commented on this several times whenever I visit so I don't think it's just me. 

Since I'm no make expert, do you guys think it's the quality of the makeup I'm using? Or maybe the brands I'm using is not good for my skin? My skin is not particularly oily or dry, though it does very occasionally get dry. 

My usual face make up is L'Oreal powder foundation and Milani blush. I almost always take it off immediately after work using baby wipes. (I didn't start using baby wipes until about a year ago, but do you guys think that might have also contributed a little? I used to use Target brand make up remover wipes.)  

I'll take any suggestions, comments or even recommendations for different brands. If it makes a difference, I'm Asian and have had fairly good skin in the past (never really any break outs, acne, etc).  




 Anywhere in Durham, Chapel Hill, Cary or Raleigh (west side) is fine. If you could include prices/schedules that would be great too.  




 http://www.ebay.com/itm/Womens-Girls-Double-Layer-Chiffon-Pleated-Retro-Vintage-Maxi-Long-Skirt-Dress-/380654568243?pt=US_CSA_WC_Skirts var= hash=item58a0c7c333 





























 I'm looking for a red maxi skirt, similar to this [one](http://imgur.com/l6t0HPd). I'd prefer that knit/jersey style, but I'd be okay with a chiffon like material as well. I'm looking for something under $50~ and I'd be okay with a fast fashion type quality. 

I've looked at online/in stores at Macy's, Gap, Old Navy, BR, Express, Loft, Limited, F21, and CR with no luck.   




 Hi guys, so I recently bought an olive dress at H M that is just a little bit too small. It was on sale and I loved it so I said why not. It zips up in the back, but my entire torso feels like it's in a corset - chest and stomach areas are being completely compressed and in a way thats not acceptable to wear out in public. 

I probably need half an inch around the waist and maybe a little more around the chest area (I can get these measured when I take it to tailor's). Since they'll probably need to add fabric to it and I feel like it's going to be pretty hard, if not impossible to find fabric that matches the dress, **where and what do you guys think is the best to add onto this dress to make it bigger?** I was thinking a stretchy black strip down the back where the zipper is or possibly along the sides under the arm. This only needs to be added to the torso part of the dress. 

Here are some pictures of me wearing it (a bit hard to see the bad fit due to the light): [Here](http://imgur.com/a/bdVQ7/)  

Here are some more pics of the dress I found online (clearer pictures): [Here](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-LLl5FSNPwiw/UVh3qXxPg4I/AAAAAAAAEcQ/vLi4X97Booo/s1600/h m+olive+sheath+dress+.jpg)

EDIT: Picture of the seams: [Here](http://imgur.com/a/ebtlZ) 

















































 I'd like book or film recs, but will also take TV recs that are not popular shows as I've seen most. Thanks!! 









 Hey guys, I'll probably be heading to Shanghai sometime this year or next year - wondering if anyone had any recommendations for a good (and relatively cheap) place to get glamor shots? Specifically I mean the places where they do all your makeup, have a wardrobe, do the touchup and usually give you a book and also a large print afterwards.

By cheap, I mean  cheap on American standards so I'm looking for maybe the $300-$500 range? Is that sound reasonable? But if you have good places that are more than that - please shoot those over too. 

Thanks!  









 Anyone have a recommendation for a good (and cheap) female hairdresser? I live in Cary, but it can be anywhere in the triangle. Preferably under $30, but I could go up to say $50.  




 Anyone want to play? I've got a knife, psn: mrmariobro - mention you're from reddit when you add.  




 The situation: I found a short sale that I really liked about 2-3 weeks ago and I put an offer in on it (full asking price with conventional loan 20% down). I found out yesterday that there is now an all cash offer that is "in line" with my offer (which I assume is a little lower but close to my offer). My realtor says that banks/sellers look very favorably on all cash offers just because there are no contingencies or risk involved. 

Is the bank really more likely to take a 250k cash offer over a 260k financed offer? Don't they get the money anyways in one go? Do I just need to prove I am no risk buyer? 

I really like this house and would like to get it. Can you guys give me some advice/help on a couple of things: 

* Does the bank consider my offer first since I submitted it 2-3 weeks ago or will they look at both with equal consideration? 
* If I increase my % down to 40-50% or get a 15 yr mortgage, will that help show that I am more than financially capable of buying and I am strong serious buyer? Will that hold up at all against the cash offer at all? 
* Will increasing my offer by 5k (it's a 260k house) be more of a draw than the above method? 
* Would it be completely not ok if I tracked down the seller himself and just flat out asked him what price the other cash offer was so I can compete directly with it? 

I appreciate any help guys.  




 I only need it for 1-2 months. I've found one called CubeSmart on Chatham that does the first month free but wondering if there are anyone other cheap ones closer to Morrisville? 

Also, do you guys think a 5x5 is big enough for a circular dining room table and 6 chairs? 

Thanks!  



















 Hi all! My boyfriend has recently started to get into drinking whiskey and I'd like to surprise him with a bottle of something nice. I'm fairly clueless when it comes to whiskey - the closest I ever get is a nice Old Fashioned or Washington Apple. I know he has a bottle of Auchentoshan right now that he's been drinking and he seems to like that. He's mentioned that he likes Jameson and that he dislikes Johnny Walker (because it had a weird taste to him?). 

I don't really understand the differences, can you guys give me some recs on what to buy him based on the above? And nothing that will break the bank please. If you could split your recs into whiskeys under $50 and those between $50-$100 that would be great. Thanks!! :) 



















 For example, usually when you bake lasagna, the ingredients are all cooked at that point. Except for melting the cheese in cases like this, is there a purpose of baking already cooked ingredients? Thanks!  









 Does anyone know where I can buy sushi grade fish in Cary or in Durham near the Southpoint area?  




 I'm thinking of buying a house to rent out - I've mostly been looking Cary and Raleigh (West of downtown). Does anyone have any areas they would recommend to rent out to professionals and college kids (Raleigh?) as opposed to families (Cary)? 

Any advice would be appreciated! Thanks!

EDIT: Including below comment for more info: 
I'm planning on living in this place for the first couple of years and then renting it out afterwards. My current thoughts are Cary because it will hold value (but houses are a little more pricey and it's suburbia) or downtown Raleigh (much older, small homes but rent to young professionals due to location). Plus, Raleigh is consistently ranked as highest growing/best for professionals/etc city in US so I wonder if buying there is better in the long term if I'm planning on holding onto this place for 10-20 years? Do you think Cary value will experience the same sort of bump because of Raleigh being up and coming?  
























 My grandfather passed away earlier today and my parents don't really know where to start. They wish to cremate my grandfather's remains but we also need a small service/showing (I'm not really sure how this works) beforehand (just for 6 of us, nothing fancy required). My parents need a place that's affordable. We live around Palmetto Bay/Pinecrest. Any advice or recommendations would be extremely helpful.  









 Hi guys, I'm really craving some authentic Chinese food, in particular Shanghainese cuisine - does anyone have any good recommendations for the Triangle area? (It seems most good places do Sichuan food.) I'll take general recommendations on Chinese food as well. Thanks!! 

Here's a list of places that I've been to already: 
Grand Asia Market, Li Ming's, Super Wok, Taipei 101, 35 Chinese, Shanghai, East Coast Chinese Express, China Buffet, Dim Sum House, Hong Kong Chinese Restaurant, C T Wok, Gourmet Kingdom, Able Bar and Grill 

  




 Hey guys, does anyone know of any open to the public Chinese New Year celebrations in the triangle area? Thanks! 














 Also, has anyone used FMRealty before and have any opinions?

EDIT: Thanks for all the input guys! I will definitely look into all your recommendations!  




 Hey guys - has it been confirmed if all 4 DLCs will have zombie maps? I'm debating whether or not to buy this if my sole reason for getting the DLCs is the zombie maps. (And I already have Nuketown.) I don't want to wind up paying more if one of these 4 doesn't have a zombie map. 

Thanks! 









 I've been running into this problem lately where half the time my highest rounds won't save on any random map (this has happened on Town and Nuketown so far). Other than the game/network being messed up, my theory is that if someone backs out halfway through, it won't save the highest round. FYI, I'm playing on PSN. 

Can someone confirm or deny this? 
 







































 Completely agree on the first point. In fact, the main motivating factor of my main character is simply the pursuit of knowledge and the general fascination/love of magic. 

And I think the idea of tying magic   history together is always fascinating (ie alternative histories), but in this particular story the knowledge that magic exists is not widely known.  




 It's not commonplace (since it's not common knowledge that there is magic). But essentially you can choose to learn fire magic if you want to, but may never really be good at it. Just like everyone can probably learn to play piano (to varying degrees, depending on the amount of time spent on learning and practicing) but not every person is going to be naturally gifted at it such as Mozart or Beethoven.  




 This is a very good point. Perhaps it would make sense for magically inclined people to be naturally targeted by a certain group of other magicians so that they would need to learn some magic to at least defend themselves.   




 Yeah I think that works in your case when the type of magic is something specific, but in my world - it's really up to the person. There are all sorts of magic, ranging from alchemy to pyromancy to evocation, etc etc. You may have more skill for particular type of magic than others, but you can theoretically try to do whatever you want. 

The issue then becomes, why would someone want to master fire magic for example? It has very few regular world uses and sure you can have one or two pyromancers who are firefighters or stage magicians but what about the general masses of pyromancers? Why would they even want to bother with something that really is just a cool trick (assuming they are the average Joe and NOT running around to defeat evil magicians or spirits).  




 Hey guys, 

Having a little trouble here and was hoping to brainstorm and bounce some ideas off of the community. 

So it's easy enough to create motivations for specific main or supporting characters (it can be something very specific, such as revenge for murdered friend or power through obtain some magical artifact or capturing a specific spirit/demon, etc) but what about the motivations or goals of the rest of the general magical community at large (in an urban fantasy setting)?  

Here are some examples of general motivations I've come up with:
 
* They want to keep the magical community a secret (or not). 
* They want to keep the bad guys/forces/spirits at bay. 
* They want to influence the human/magical government and policies. 
* They have family tradition/responsibilities to uphold. 
* They use it to make their regular lives/jobs easier. 
* They want to keep magic around (like a dying language or something). 

But even still, the problem is what does the average magician Joe want with his magic in life? He's not particularly powerful, he's not power hungry, he's not into politics, and he doesn't really have some sort of old family duty to keep some evil spirit in line. Why does he practice magic and what role does his magic play in his life? To take it even further, our average magician Joe has a rather impractical ability such as pyromancy - how the hell does he use this in his regular life and why would he even want/keep this ability? 

Any discussion or suggestions are greatly appreciated! 
 




 I love the album this song is on (The Classics). I wish more of their other stuff was jazzy like this. 




 I've found myself a little burned out from my novel writing lately so I've been switching it up with some flash fiction and short stories. It's been a great help for meeting the weekly word count. Give it a try if you're struggling.  




 As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 The word count's just going up and up - keep writing everyone! 

As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 EDIT: Will not be there this week.  




 I think it's a little bit of both. The first episode is more quiet and serious in tone as well and I think that it suits Capaldi's older and more reserved doctor.  




 Yup - these are the two I would pick. 

Teleportation - for instant travel to places on the other side of the world. 
Persuasion - works pretty much the same as mind control, but costs way less. 




 Sigh... I literally bought this game 2 weeks ago for $26.  




 Thanks - but it was so sad to see her go. I think she was best supporting member of the investigation squad.  




 This the snub I'm most pissed about. Brooklyn Nine-Nine was easily my favorite comedy this past season. Plus it won the GGs! It's almost like a slap to the face.  




 Exactly - I was fully expecting Cranston to win and would have accepted Hamm finally getting his recognition. Instead we get some left field Jeff Daniels win. A definite WTF moment.  




 I'm baffled that it was left off the nom list. It was easily my favorite comedy last year. It seems like a slap in the face to the show especially since it just won the Golden Globe for both best comedy and best comedy lead.  




 Basically because HBO wanted to win a Best Drama/Leads awards instead of Best Mini-Series awards. I don't think they should have allowed it as they replaced deserving candidates who are rightfully in the regular categories. True Detective is a Mini-Series.  




 Yeah... seeing her name next to the likes of Julianna Margulies is just so LOL-worthy.  




 Evidently... I'm still pissed that he won last year somehow. That slot could have gone to someone more deserving.  




 Newsroom was incredibly mediocre... I'm not even sure how he won last year to be honest. By giving Jeff Daniels a slot, they robbed more deserving candidates like Mads Mikkelsen for Hannibal, Matthew Rhys for The Americas or James Spader for The Blacklist. It's a complete shame. Also, True Detective submitting for Drama instead of Mini-series also crowds out the categories. (Which for the record, I really don't agree with... especially with Fargo submitting for Mini-Series).  




 Definitely agree... they should have kicked Downton Abbey off in favor of Hannibal, The Good Wife, or The Americans. The Best Drama category was so crowded already this year, especially with True Detective submitting for Best Drama as well. This slot totally should have gone to a more deserving show. :(  




 No Brooklyn Nine-Nine, no Hannibal, no The Good Wife, and no The Americans? BOOO :( 

 




 Just any other suggestions would help - I'm not sure either.  




 Foundation's a good spot though beware they only carry American whiskeys. There's also C Grace and Fox's in Raleigh. And in Chapel Hill, there's the Crunkleton.  




 Hey guys can you believe we're already half done with our writing challenge?! Feel free to give a status update below on your total running word count! Keep on writing everyone - only half a year more! 

 




 My friend lent me an older SanDisk memory to use for a bit when I initially bought a camera (and was still waiting on mine to come in the mail). After messing around for a couple of days, I go to remove the pics using my computer and got the "this memory card maybe damaged error". I noticed the gold metal part of the memory card has some marks on it (from wear, no dents or bends). 

Wondering if anyone has any ideas on how I could try recover the data. For the record, it doesn't work anymore in the camera either and I've tried using an usb to the computer as well instead of directly inserting it. I've also tried using a data recovery program (Disk Drill) with no luck either. I've pretty much given up the data as lost but there's a couple of pics on it that I'd like to save if possible - wondering if anyone else had any ideas. Thanks! 




 I'll be there this week.  




 Agree - the uppity attitude I got there was completely unnecessary and made me feel unwelcome.  




 I love that Kroger on the corner of Maynard and High House. Great prices, great selection, fresh produce and great manager's specials as well.  




 It's a long weekend for most in the US so it's a good time to be productive! 

As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Edit: I won't be making it this week.  




 I'm interested in the Petticoat Alley sundress, Pink chiffon sundress, and French connection dress. I actually love about 75% of what you have here but you're about 1 size bigger than me and some stuff I know won't fit. :( :( That being said, what is your waist measurement? (I'm a little worried that this won't fit properly - I know I would be swimming in an f21 or xhileration medium for example.) Also, what is shipping to 27560? Thanks!!   




 Just keep going! I've definitely had weeks of little progress myself.  




 We're creeping up on half a year of writing! Woo! 

As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Looks good - I'll go check it out!  




 Grand Asia's the one in Cary - I'll go take a look around. Thanks!  




 Any recommendations for local places to buy tea? Specifically I'm interested in black and green teas. 

Edit: Thanks for all the suggestions!  




 Ditto what /u/jmpaviec says.  




 Ditto on what /u/Chrischievous said below - it's a really nice facility and the mats really make a huge difference. It's got a decent crowd most of the time, but not busy enough to have a wait most of the time.  




 Cool, I'm pretty free this week. How's Tues or Wed or Thurs? I would prefer to do right after work - say like 5 PM. The drop in fee is $8 and the monthly pass is $49 (special pricing).  




 Are you affiliated with either of the Duke clubs or do you just show up and find people to play with? I'm actually a Duke alum. If you guys have some sort of set play schedule I'd be interested in meeting you guys at some point.  




 Hey guys, I've been trying to get back into playing badminton recently - wondering if there was anyone else interested in playing? There's a new badminton place that opened up near the airport (called Badminton NC) which has pretty nice courts I got a month pass to. I used to play a little back in the day and I would say I'm an advanced beginner or low intermediate skill level.  




 I tried the Black Knight today when I was at the place and seemed fine to me. I might go for the Nanoray 10 since it's very similar and it's only like $10 more. They were supposed to have one for demo but they were all sold out.  




 I've recently gotten back into playing badminton and I'm looking to buy a racket. I used to play on my high school team way back in the day, but I'm probably an advanced beginner or low intermediate skill level and an all round player. I'm not looking to play competitively and just want something that will be decent enough. I just looked for something that will suite my skill level and maybe allow a little room for improvement. 

Ideally would like to keep it within $70-80 tops, but I'm willing to look at anything in a $50-$100 range. I was looking at the Nanoray 10 and Arcsaber 002 online just because Yonex is what I'm most familiar with and I used to have a Carbonex (before it broke). When I went to the badminton place today, the guy there recommended the Black Knight Impluse 739 which he said was a great value for the price. What do you guys think? I'll also take other recommendations as well. 




 I'll be watching the US-Portugal match with friends so I'll see you guys next week.  




 Favorite Dramas:

1. Breaking Bad
2. The Wire
3. The Shield 
4. Hannibal 
5. True Detective 

Favorite Comedies:

1. Archer
2. Brooklyn Nine Nine
3. Modern Family 
4. Louie
5. Community 

Honorable Mention:

* Justified 
* House of Cards 
* Fargo
* 30 Rock 




 Hope everyone is still going strong! We are approaching half a year! If you find yourself having a little trouble meeting the words I would recommend setting a deadline, such as showing x number of pages of your writing to a close friend or relative. Give them a specific number so that you can force yourself to get to this number in the interim.  




 As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 The trailer makes it look super intense and action packed when the premise is totally wtf really?  




 Any chance you want to share your script? I'd be interested in reading it.  




 Yup exactly.  




 Probably not - though I would say you could always read up through book 3 though.  




 You put it perfectly. 

Some of it was impactful as it should have been. Some characters died who are not dead (which leads me to believe that since GRRM has told the producers major plot points that I need to stop watching GOT or I'll be reverse spoiling the books for myself). 

* Tyrion killing Shae   Tywin - not as impactful due to omission of his first wife backstory in the show 
* Tyrion and Jaime are still on good terms - what is this future impact? 
* Jojen dies - is this a reverse book spoiler? 
* Gregore Clegane - minor reverse book spoiler  




 Especially since it's exactly how book 3 is closed out and I remember almost shitting myself when I originally read it.  




 It's such a missed opportunity for a total WTF cliffhanger moment (just like it is in the books). :(  




 I was like maybe they'll have a post credits scene... too many Marvel movies for me apparently. :/ I really thought they missed a great opportunity there - unless they can somehow end the next season on that scene.  




 Agreed - that's all I could think about the entire time. 




 Awesome! Let the poopage commence!
 




 Awesome - FYI we've got 6 currently so bring some games that will play that many or 3/3.  




 That might a good solution. Unfortunately I don't have a dual band router but I'll definitely keep this in mind.  




 Yeah but I essentially can't use internet unless I reset the router and a lot of times when it happens it'll happen again after 15 mins or so. I can't continuously reset the router as a good solution.  




 I'm casting via videostream and technically it kills the wifi in the entire house as my phone didn't connect either the last time it did that.  




 Welp we definitely have enough now.  




 5 PM
 




 Good point - will add this to the topic.  




 I've noticed that sometimes while casting, the chromecast kills my laptop's wifi connection. My laptop will show that I'm connect to the internet with full bars of signal strength but websites won't load or anything. The only way to fix this is to manually reset my router. Does anyone know why this is happening or have a fix?  




 I'll be hosting this week as a bunch of people are out of town. As usual, discuss what games and food you are bringing. 

If you're new - PM me for the address. 

EDIT: It's on!  




 Getting harder to the goals during the busy summer months for work... but I'm still chugging along.  




 As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Awesome - will keep an eye out for that.  




 My CPU is definitely not maxed out, but I'll try to do a wifi frequency scan on my neighbors tonight. I don't think this is an issue because my router is located 10 feet directly below where my laptop usually sits.  




 I tested while computer was hardwired to internet - same issues. Any other ideas?  




 What kind of sander did you use?  




 Not defending the script or anything as it literally is a giant turd, BUT I read somewhere that in the original shooting script Anakin had a couple of reasons why he joined the dark side of the force and that one of the reasons was that he genuinely believe the Jedi were going to try and seize control. They did some reshoots after the movie was completed to change his reasoning to only wanting to save Padme and I assume that line is just left over from the original script and they just didn't really think much of it. 
 




 I'll be there too!  




 Love it! 




 I taught in a Chinese middle school for 3 months during a summer while I was in college for a volunteer program. This is completely accurate example of what a school lunch in China looks like (even down to the metal plates. I usually had white rice or stir fry noodles in that large section and then you had the choice of three sides (and there were usually about 6 or so to choose from - ranging from beef to pork to chicken to various veggie dishes). That smaller round hole in upper left corner is usually for a drink, which at my school was hot or cold soy milk.  




 My favorite to go Chinese dish. I still request my parents make it every time I visit them and they always make fun of me since it's such a simple dish.  




 Lol ops - fixed.  




 Sorry for the slight delay this week, but as usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays.

 




 Hey guys I bought a chromecast recently and have been using videostream to cast local files. When it works, it's awesome, but I've been having some issues I was hoping you could help me with. I'm on a mac also so a lot of what has been mentioned hasn't helped. 

- Never finds the chromecast when I initially launch. I must type chrome://restart to have videostream find my chromecast even though other tabs/youtube/etc all cast perfectly fine without having me to do this. 
- Stutters like crazy when I try to play large mkv format files (720-1080p). Playing standard quality mp4s have never been an issue, but anything HD seems to stop and go to the point where it's unwatchable. Videos are encoded x264 - is this the issue? H264 encoded vids do not seem to be better.

Also, I have a 2 year old macbook pro (intel core i7 processor) and my internet is 4MB down/.5MB up. My video stuttering is checked to "yes". 

Anyone have any ideas as to what can help?  




 Week 20! Hope everyone is still chugging onwards. 

Use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 









 Hi guys - I'm currently looking for a cool roomie to share my house. 

I have one room available for rent in a spacious 4 bedroom house (2500 sq ft).  You will be sharing the house with myself (female) as well as two males. We are all young professionals working in the RTP area (two at Cisco). Rent will be $550/month and we will split utilities and cable/internet, but if you would prefer a flat monthly rate we can work that out as well. The bathroom will be shared with two people but everyone is pretty clean and neat. There are a couple of large commons spaces and there is lots of extra room for storage in garage and there is a bonus room as well. 

About me:
 
* I'm a big foodie (eating, cooking, you name it)  
* I love books, tv shows   movies!
* I'm a gamer! 
* Going out and meeting new people (and having fruity girly drinks) 
* I love traveling!

A little more about the house: 

* The house is located right off of Davis Dr. and Morrisville Carpenter Rd
* Super convenient to I-40 (20 mins to downtown Durham or Raleigh!) 
* Bright and cheery inside the house (lots of natural light and space!) 
* Great oversized deck in the back that's perfect for grilling   entertaining! 
* Recently renovated kitchen!! Brand NEW stainless steel appliances and tile! 

If any of that sounded like your cup of tea - shoot me an PM! Pictures of the house and room can be provided on request. Also, feel free to PM me with any questions! :)  




 Use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 So I got a Chromecast way back when it first came out but wasn't too impressed with it's ability to play local HD video files (stutter, low quality stream, and lack of certain video/audio support) so I gave that one to my parents. 

A friend recently told me about the Chromecast + Plex solution that's available now for streaming local files so I'm thinking about buying another one (especially since they're on sale right now). 

My question for you guys is this: how is your experience with the HD playback with Chromecast + Plex? My up/down is 40Mpbs/5Mpbs and I would be running plex off of a 4 year old computer that is i5 dual processor and 4 GB of ram. The majority (~80%) of my files are 10-30GB mkvs, but I also have some smaller mp4s as well.  




 Use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Hey hope everyone is still writing!  

Use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Sorry for the slight delay this week. 

Use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 I love the style of this necklace: http://www.anntaylor.com/pearlized-crystal-statement-necklace/613041?colorExplode=false skuId=16188570 catid=cata000021 productPageType=fullPriceProducts defaultColor=3019 CID=aff_7078679 but I really don't like that price. Anyone seen anything similar for cheaper elsewhere? 

EDIT: It's currently 50% off!! 




 Hey everyone, use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Hey everyone, use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Hi guys - I'm currently looking for a cool and chill roomie to share my house. 

EDIT: Room is still available. I will delete this post once it's taken.

I have one room available for rent in a spacious 4 bedroom house (2500 sq ft).  You will be sharing the house with myself (female) as well as two males. We are all young professionals working in the RTP area (two at Cisco). Rent will be $550/month and we will split utilities and cable/internet, but if you would prefer a flat monthly rate we can work that out as well. The bathroom will be shared with two people but everyone is pretty clean and neat. There are a couple of large commons spaces and there is lots of extra room for storage in garage and there is a bonus room as well. 

About me:
 
* I'm a big foodie (eating, cooking, you name it) - down for cooking feasts or exploring new restaurants! 
* I love books, tv shows   movies! (I love tv marathons and movie nights) 
* I'm a gamer! (But it's OK if you don't!) 
* Going out and meeting new people (and having fruity girly drinks) 

A little more about the house: 

* The house is located right off of Davis Dr. and Morrisville Carpenter Rd
* Super convenient to I-40 (20 mins to downtown Durham or Raleigh!) 
* Bright and cheery inside the house (lots of natural light and space!) 
* Great oversized deck in the back that's perfect for grilling   entertaining! 
* Recently renovated kitchen!! Brand NEW stainless steel appliances and tile! 

If any of that sounded like your cup of tea - shoot me an PM! Pictures of the house and room can be provided on request. Also, feel free to PM me with any questions! :)  




 I'm finally back stateside so updates will be more on schedule now. (Also, I can resume writing normalcy.) 

As usual use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Sorry for the slight delay in putting this up - I've been out of the country for the last weeks and will be for another week. 

As usual use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are far ahead but want to keep on pace with the rest of the community, see the sidebar. The new week will start on Tuesdays.

 




 Please use this thread to update everyone on your weekly writing progress! Also, feel free to also post your writing or snippets of your writing here. Any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required!
Consider using the additional rule on the sidebar if you are far ahead but want to keep on pace with the rest of the community. The new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Hey guys, I'm going to be in Tokyo for one week starting next Monday - if I get the itching need to watch a college basketball game - is there a good place to go for that sort of thing? 

Thanks!  




 Hey guys, thought it would be good to have a thread this week for people to post snippets or excerpts from what they've been working on for the past 10 weeks. No pressure, but even a small snippet would be great! Everyone else, please critique and provide helpful comments! :)  




 Sorry for the slight delay - things have been pretty hectic for me. (I'm about to leave on a 3 week vacation.) 

But without ado, please use this thread to update everyone on your weekly writing progress! Also, feel free to also post your writing or snippets of your writing here. Any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required!

Consider using the additional rule on the sidebar if you are far ahead but want to keep on pace with the rest of the community. The new week will start on Tuesdays. 









 As always, use this thread to update everyone on your weekly writing progress! Also, feel free to also post your writing or snippets of your writing here. Any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required!

Consider using the additional rule on the sidebar if you are far ahead but want to keep on pace with the rest of the community. The new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Hey guys, this Sunday's board gaming will hosted at my place in Morrisville. PM me for the address if you need it. 

As usual, use this thread to discuss games for this Sunday and food/drinks you are bringing. 




 Woo! Two months down!! Keep writing everyone! 

As always, use this thread to update everyone on your weekly writing progress! Also, feel free to also post your writing or snippets of your writing here. Any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required!

Consider using the additional rule on the sidebar if you are far ahead but want to keep on pace with the rest of the community. The new week will start on Tuesdays. 














 In light of unfortunate recent events, I will be hosting this Sunday's board game at my place in Morrisville. Please PM me directly for my address if you don't have it and **please DO NOT give it out.** 

As usual, use this thread to discuss games for this Sunday and food/drinks you are bringing.

/u/Bio-ScienceGuy if you're coming, let me know what your fav food is and I'll make it.  









 As always, use this thread to update everyone on your weekly writing progress! Also, feel free to also post your writing or snippets of your writing here. Any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required!

Consider using the additional rule on the sidebar if you are far ahead but want to keep on pace with the rest of the community. The new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 As always, use this thread to update everyone on your weekly writing progress! Also, feel free to also post your writing or snippets of your writing here. Any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required!

Consider using the additional rule on the sidebar if you are far ahead but want to keep on pace with the rest of the community. The new week will start on Tuesdays. 



















 As always, use this thread to update everyone on your weekly writing progress! Also, feel free to also post your writing or snippets of your writing here. Any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required!

Consider using the additional rule on the sidebar if you are far ahead but want to keep on pace with the rest of the community. The new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Hey guys, what's the best place (preferably near Morrisville-Cary or Durham near Southpoint) that sells bulk spices (ie spices by the ounce) for cheap and has a good selection? 

Thanks! 

EDIT: Thanks for all the great suggestions!   














 As always, use this thread to update everyone on your weekly writing progress! Also, feel free to also post your writing or snippets of your writing here. Any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required!  

Consider using the additional rule on the sidebar if you are far ahead but want to keep on pace with the rest of the community. The new week will start on Tuesdays.

 




 I have a pretty old car so just the the most basic kind will work. 









 Can you believe it's week 3 already? 

As alway, use this thread to update everyone on your weekly writing progress! Also, feel free to also post your writing or snippets of your writing here. Any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required!

Consider using the additional rule on the sidebar if you are far ahead but want to keep on pace with the rest of the community. 














 Hey guys - ready for week 2? 

For future reference, each writing week will "end" on Monday night and start up Tuesday morning. This way you have the entire weekend to write accordingly, but you also have Monday as a catch up day if you were busy during the weekend. 

As alway, use this thread to update everyone on your weekly writing progress! Also, feel free to also post your writing or snippets of your writing here. Any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! 

Consider using the additional rule on the sidebar if you are far ahead but want to keep on pace with the rest of the community.  
























 I'm just going to go ahead and cancel this week - see you guys next week! 




 I'm just going to go ahead and cancel this week - see you guys next week! 









 Fyi might cancel today since there's only 2 rsvps so far.  




 Might cancel today since there's only 2 rsvps so far.  




 I will... eventually... 




 Yes! Doesn't have to be this week, but anyone else interested in a play?  




 Also, figured out what was wrong with your chair: http://imgur.com/994F87X

tl;dr: You're dumb.  




 Agree - I was shocked how similar it was tbh. I figured they were already bringing David Tennant back and they've said the killer is going to be another person so I figured it would be pretty different from the original...  




 Sigh... /u/spacenut37 we've got a troll. Please ban. 




 Anyone have a copy of Descent?  




 CANCELED - see you guys next week.  




 It's been awhile since I've seen Broadchurch but I swear huge chunks of the dialogue were verbatim from the original (not to mention the scenes themselves). I found it highly distracting even though I loved all the American counterparts on Gracepoint.  




 Yeah, otherwise Chinese spelling would be Mei. 




 Sorry for the sporadic updates - work's been crazy. 

As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Part of me wants Ward to feel bad at what he did to Fitz and part of me just wants him to continue down his path of evil and openly mock Fitz's current state. Long live evil!Ward.  




 I think Fitz knows deep down because he's still a very intelligent young man, but he hasn't come to terms with that reality because he's trying to lie to himself (think Shutter Island style). I think we'll get a really heartbreaking scene when he "lets go" of dream!Simmons.  




 They keep showing Skye's creepy (and possibly alien) dad with blood on his hands. I MUST KNOW MORE.  




 I really want to know more about Coulson's episodes. Does he blackout during these? Does he just feel an unnaturally compelled to draw these symbols and lines he sees in his head? Will it become a serious impairment as his new job as the director of SHIELD? 

And more importantly - how does this tie into the 084 and the overall season plot?  




 "And that's just tip of the iceberg!" 

"... now let's get out of here before the iceberg runs of out of fuel."  




 Great episode for developing Lance's character - I'm still not quite sure I believe Lucy Lawless's character is gone for good though. I feel like she might get resurrected somehow and crawl out of her grave they made a big point of showing this episode.   




 I still cannot get over Nathan Petrelli's molestache and European footballer hair. Dear make up department, there is a way to do too much. You have succeeded.  




 Fitz and Mack did have some great bonding moments this episode though. Though I'm afraid of liking this guy... we know what happens when the audience starts to like someone in Whedon land.  




 Though it would be an interesting twist if Simmons actually did leave Fitz because he's slightly brain damaged now and she just wants to work with the best and brightest to advance science. 

More likely, she's trying to use Hydra's better resources and equipment to help fix Fitz.  




 Who's in charge of Skye's wardrobe this season? They are clearly obsessed with black shirts with cutouts/random strappy lines. 




 Poor Fitz - you could literally feel his frustrations coming through in the is episode. Also, it's going to be a heartbreaking scene when he realizes/comes to terms with the fact that Simmons left him.  




 And the biggest OMG moment was the preview of the next episode. I really hope Simmons is just infiltrating Hydra because she needs the resources to fix Fitz. Though it would be a nice angle if she just gave up on Fitz because he's slow now and she just wants to work with the brightest and best in pursuit of science.  




 Miller's Crossing, The Godfather, and Hot Fuzz.  




 Aw you'll be missed Brad. And good luck again with all your future endeavors. 

I'll forever cherish your throne - so much squishier than my current computer chair. Now if only I could figure out how to make it tilt back like it's supposed to...  




 Hey, I'm interested in the black and white Anthro tunic. How long is it?  




 And humans won!  




 Great link - I wasn't in that uber cab so I can't comment. We took one 30 mins prior and it was $45. I'm just saying as a psa everyone should be warned. I had no idea they had policies like that. 




 My roommate just paid $190 for a ride from downtown Raleigh to Morrisville. A regular cab would have cost right around $40. Watch out - they didn't know the fare until they were getting off.  




 Aww... I'll totally play as Cally and use my move to shoot you in the face.  




 Read an article on how Ted Melfi got Bill Murray to star in his movie. Trailer looks good - would be interested if anyone has the script that interested Bill Murray enough to reach out to this first time writer/director (for a feature film).  




 Noo you said you were coming last week!  




 Would anyone be interested in playing Munchkin Quest this Sunday...? :D  




 Asara? Or something fantasy-ish.  




 The Awesome Covers collection.  




 Board gaming is moving to Morrisville starting this week. As usual, use this place to discuss what games and food you are bringing. 

Don't forget this week is long game day - so we'll be starting at 2 PM. 

If you're new - PM me for the address.
 




 And the best so far.  




 There are two scenarios I would accept: 1. Ward is a broken man all season, then gets broken out by Hydra, reasserts his evilness 2. Ward plays their sympathies, finally convinces them he's had a change of heart and then betrays them all mwhahaha 




 Milk that sympathy and then betray them all Ward!! Evil!Ward forever! 




 I know... it was so much worse than it was first presented. :'(  




 LOL - the joys of watching live.   




 Is she really dead though??  




 OMG and it got worse. SO MUCH WORSE.  




 Is she really dead though? She did just grab some weird alien tech thing right before she "died".  




 Jed proving himself to be a true Whedon :(  




 OMG IT WAS WORSE THAN I INITIALLY THOUGHT. NOOOOooooo 




 OH SHIT OH SHIT. THAT ENDING.  




 Coulson is too cute.  




 Aw Coulson trying to act tough. Too cute.  




 Milk that sympathy and then betray them all Ward!! Evil!Ward forever!  




 Poor Fitz :( This is probably the most real fallout/consequence of all of the events that happened at the end of last season.  




 Oh no Fitz!! 




 Robin Taylor is doing an awesome job. Penguin was the highlight of the pilot for me.  




 It seems like the kid who plays Bruce is not half bad though, judging from that last scene so I'll reserve judgement on the whether or not having Bruce in the main plotline will be good or bad.  




 I think cinematography really sells the grittiness of Gotham well.  




 Ditto. I was not expecting to see him in pilot so I definitely had a ! moment when he showed up. 

Really all the casting is spot on. Ben McKenzie is doing a great Gordon and Robin Taylor is a great Penguin. 
 




 Yup completely agree. I wish they had paced the show a little better (especially with the villains) but this is just a problem that network pilots run into. You basically have to use the first episode to hook your viewers so you need to throw every single crazy plot twist/characters into it. All the character introductions were solid though a little rushed. We should have had a couple of episodes to establish Mooney   Penguin's relationship and also a couple to establish Gordon and Harvey's relationship - that way the last scene would have been more powerful. Like Penguin realizing he's on the brink of loosing everything from his attempt at betraying Mooney and Gordon realizing the true extent of his partner's corruption would have made for a way more powerful scene. 

On a side note, everyone is wonderfully cast and I look forward to this season. This was a solid pilot and solid way of introducing all the characters very quickly.   




 Ooo... is this going to be a new service? I like. :)  




 I'm running a little late - will be there around 5:30.  




 Ops sorry for the confusion, I am bringing sour cream! 




 Won't be necessary. EDIT: I'm doing a mango salsa and a corn side and bring sour cream.  




 Remind me if I forget about those stools. 




 I'll be there with some spinach and artichoke dip as well as fish tacos!  




 Our last meeting at /u/Bio-ScienceGuy's place before he sails off to greener waters! ;__; 

Gaming will start at 5 PM. Please post your RSVPs and food details below. Bring something special - let's make this a send off party for our awesome (though sometimes snarky) host!  




 As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Brooklyn Nine Nine! 




 Got back from the beach early - heading over now. Be there around 5:30.  




 As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 I'll be there with a pie.  









 LOL - nice try.  




 /cryy 

Now who am I going to trade mean jabs with at board game nights?  




 Why would you pay $44M to stream one season of the Blacklist? Surely no show is worth that much... for $2M/episode you could easily produce 22 solid episodes of new content.  




 Companies NEED competition, otherwise they turn into monopolies. And we need constant the innovation and improvement, otherwise we pay up the ass for subpar service.  




 I have to say, it improved a lot towards the latter half of the season and I actually started to get invested. I do have to agree that the pilot was one of the worst I've seen in recent memory. SO many stereotypes.  




 Hey I'm interested in the BR red skirt and blue Gap shorts. Will you take $25 for the both of them including shipping (I live in NC)?   




 Back from my vacation and getting back on schedule! 

As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays.

 




 Oh boooo! Where are you heading off to?  




 The Godfather! I've been watching that movie at least once a year for the last 15 years.  




 I'm baaaaack! 




 No I did not but I had just applied to two different credit cards that were giving me 50,000 AA miles and 40,000 UA miles if I spent 5k in the first 3 months so worked out perfectly.  




 I used cardpool when I was buying a set of new appliances for my house (washer, dryer, fridge, stove, dishwasher) which winded up being around $5k worth of gift cards. No problems whatsoever. Make sure you stack with 20% off coupons and other promos.  




 Very eloquently put. My feelings exactly.  




 Thanks for the hat tip!  




 Or Pushing Daisies for something romantic, whimsical, and just plain unique.   




 As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 I'm taking a road trip with my SO and we're doing a bunch of (casual) hiking and will probably be walking around outdoors for most of the day. I know it's going to be insanely hot and I've never done much hiking before - what types of clothes should I be wearing? I've heard people say looser cotton/natural fabric items or even cotton sundresses. I was originally planning on just wearing tanks/tees with gym shorts (or something similar to that) - what do you guys think? Should I throw some loose cotton sundresses in there? (Or will I look like a fool traipsing around the parks in a dress?) 

Also, any recommendations on a reasonably fashionable hat to wear? 

Thanks in advance! 

EDIT: Thanks for all the great tips. And don't worry I will definitely plan on bringing enough water and sunscreen. 




 Going to be making dinner for my parents tonight so I'm out this week. And I will be in LA   Vegas the following two weekends so I'll see everyone in Sept most likely!  




 3000! 

As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Snap back to reality 




 It was almost like a "snap back to reality"  




 His facial expression in that picture is just perfect. Chris Pratt goofy white guy face juxtaposed with rappers trying to look their most gangster.  




 I love how Chris's rapping had to be slowed down to match the beat. The man absolutely owned this song.  

Also HUGE thanks OP for doing an amazing job... now if only we could all laughing from the radio hosts edited out haha 




 You might also want to check out Firefly (TV show) and it's sequels Serenity (movie) and the Serenity comics.  




 Holy crap Chris Pratt as a undercover agent posing as a hardcore biker? 10/10 would be SO awesome.  




 This one of those great song in movie scenes that will always be with me.  




 This must have been incredibly difficult to shoot for both the director/crew and the actors. Practically *everything* is green screen.  




 RIP the flip cam.  




 I'll be there. Bringing my friend Richard again.  




 You know you can turn that off under settings by setting notifications off.  




 Thanks for offering to do this! I sent over a very short story!  




 I think it's a good tool for for highlighting adverbs and passive voice. Thanks for sharing. 




 I'm now 100% on board for an Uncharted movie with Chris Pratt as Nathan Drake.  




 **"Unspoken"**

Two characters talk about an event without ever referring to the actual event itself, but the details and repercussions are made clear through their dialogue. 




 Just did the loudest snort-cough ever in the most quiet office from reading this comment. -_- 




 As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 This is beautiful - are you a native writer of either arabic or chinese scripts?  




 Yes! I am absolutely committing line to memory. My favorite super villain comparing his role to my favorite action movie villain. My day was made.  




 Came here to say this.  




 Availability heuristic in the US. I'd say Bebop probably deserves the spot for legacy, but personally I'd vote for Baccano.  




 You should really give it another shot. There's a reason why it's a plot point that both fans and writers pretend never happened. My personal recommendation is just to skip the entire second half of season 6 starting from when it happens.  




 I feel like this just gets more and more ridiculous every year.  




 This comment needs to be higher.  




 This is an absolutely beautiful album. Great images of daily life and fashion in Tehran and Iran in general. (Women really rock those scarves!) I had no idea the city was this modern and pretty! Thanks so much for sharing.  




 SO good. I've seen this movie like 3 more times this year.  




 I bet - usually happened right before all the pre-frosh and their parents start touring the campus.  




 LOL - this just makes me think of all the times they were returfing the grass near the West Campus bus stop and then you were forced to walk along those stupid diagonals to get to the bus stop instead of being able to cut across the grass.  




 There was a kid in my 7th grade class who was a little weird, but one day he showed up to class one morning and he had stitched thread into his cheek (at least 3 or 4 stitches). The needle was still hanging off the end of the thread and was just grinning like crazy when people saw it. 

The teacher called for security real quick.   




 I'll be there!  




 Check your spam folder. Mine was in there.  
























 I looked through the old request threads and all previous links are dead. 

Thanks in advance to anyone who can help!  




 Can we please get a PS4 bundle that doesn't just include last gen games? Argh.  




 Hey all, we've passed the midpoint of NaNoWriMo. Everyone should be tracking to 31K words to keep to the 1,667 words per day average count. If not, no worries, just keep writing!   




 But on Hannibal you expect that sort of violence due to the show's characters and stories and themes. Whereas here it's definitely unexpected.  




 I thought Grant was finally validated in his life long belief that his brother ruined his life by claiming that Grant did that to their other brother, which then led to a series of other misfortune events that landed him in juvie and eventually with Hydra in the first place. I think he genuinely still cares for his SHIELD mates, at least Skye for any matter, and secretly hates the Hydra part of himself. But it's so engrained into his identity and who he is, that he can't detach himself from it. So that was the ultimate moment for Ward - to finally get his brother to acknowledge that he was ultimately the "cause" for all of Ward's problems/current state in his life.  




 I really thought they were going to go for a Titanic-esque scene with the car window. Such a missed opportunity. 
 




 For real. 

Though, I think Marvel just needs to make their movies a little longer to accommodate for villain character development time.   




 I think the reveal of Whitehall and Skye's father's back story was the best. Definitely lends some sympathy to the character of Skye's father.  




 I like all the tie in's and references to the MCU. Fury, Tesseract, Red Skull, Agent Carter, Howling Commandos, etc.  




 Agreed, I can't believe they straight up showed Whitehall dissecting Skye's mom. :/  




 Wonder if they are already in cahoots.  




 She has such an awesome name. But I just refer to her as Sierra.  




 I really really thought Ward was going push his brother down that well when they were hugging it out.  




 Could be Bobbi or Simmons. Especially with that brainwashing comment from earlier in the ep. And then the trust comments at the end of the ep between Hunter and Bobbi.  




 Needs to be more integral to the plot. Like Fury will be like "yada yada, we'll need the Director of SHIELD for this." and everyone will be like "but isn't that you?" 

/cut to reveal of Coulson, "did you guys miss me?"  




 Wonder if it's possible Simmons or Bobbi did actually get brainwashed by Hydra and has been leaking intel to Hydra... Hydra did know they were coming after all. 

That brainwashing comment they made earlier in the ep makes me suspicious.  




 Dafaq... Grant and his brothers argument and then subsequent reconciliation just makes them both seem ridiculously pathological. 

Also, I cant tell if Ward actually killed his brother or not. Either way he's ridiculously good at this bad guy thing.  




 *Shes not here is she? Phew, thats a relief. You only get one chance to make a first impression.*

*The end justifies the means.* 

Yikes. Poor Skye - you really dont get choose your family. Though at least they've finally explained the back story here so he doesn't seem like a complete psychopath. 
 




 *"Am I good with this in my pocket?"*

*"That depends - do you ever want to have kids?"* 
 




 And I thought there was going to be some big reveal where Skyes father eventually finds out the gnarly stuff that Whitehall did to Skyes mother and then kill him off for us in a fit of rage. Guess he already knew. Oof... this is going to get bloody.  




 Awww Skyes real papa and adopted papa getting territorial. So cute. 
 




 *"He could always see five steps ahead, which was impressive for a one-eyed man."*

I love how Coulson inspires to be a better director by studying Fury. I really hope he reprises his role in one of the future MCU movies. I would love to see the look on all the Avengers faces. 
 




 *We get closer. You get scared.*

*Will you never trust me?"* 

*"No, but Ill never stop wanting to.*

/cue angry sex. Don't ever change Bobbi and Hunter. 
 




 Oh hello Sierra - I was wondering when some Whedon favorites would start showing up.  




 Happy cheerful cute whimsical games please... I just did a 60+ hour work week dealing with all sorts of stressful shit and difficult people... 

Also, a baked potato.  




 I'll be there. With some food.  




 I think Black Widow would kick his butt too. She's probably picked up a few things hanging out/fighting with the Avengers/superhero crowd too.  




 10/10 would watch  




 Maybe he was going for the so gaudy and flashy no way it's a secret agent in disguise  




 I think they can lay some groundwork there. 

Though what I'm really hoping for is: AoS - Inhumans - Kree - GoG - Starlord guest stars on an ep of AoS... lol.  




 If this is actually true, this sounds amazing.  




 That rolled right off her tongue.  




 I think it's great that they're integrating more with the overall MCU. Nothing wrong with fleshing out some back story.  




 I just want Skye to gain her Inhuman powers and be awesome.  




 Would love to see a showdown between the two on the big screen.  




 I think he'll go after his brother, but I don't think it'll lead to any redemption. His brother will probably just be revealed to be an even bigger cunt than Ward, just as he suggested to Coulson.  




 Please can this happen?  




 RIP Beardy McTraitoson 

...coming soon to a small screen near you: Fratricide McTraitorson. 
 




 *"Corpsey Diem. Seize the dead"*

So nice to see the Fitz we all know and love back for a moment. 




 Ughh... that one lady died from the shock from the carving. That's a terrible way to go. 
 




 Oh Mack way to be unintentionally racist against Skye. :/ Wonder if the team will eventually be driven apart after Skye's reveal or possibly events of Civil War down the road.   




 Man, Coulson going off the deep end is scary as SHIT (and bad ass). Too bad it only lasted about 5 minutes. 
 




 *Subtlety is the key* 

*You were wearing a cowboy hat!* 

Please keep this Bobbi and Hunter banter up. I need more.  




 Nooooooo RIP Beardy McTraitoson 




 Oh Mack way to be unintentionally racist against Skye.  




 Subtlety is the key... 

You were dressed liked a cowboy!!  




 Holy shit Coulson goes off the deep end. 




 Ughh... she died from shock from the carving. That's a terrible way to go.  




 I don't think the Straw Valley Cafe exists as the eclectic and awesome hang out it used to be anymore. They've overhauled it into an upscale-ish restaurant (with a "cafe and wine bar") from what I hear.  




 SUCH a good episode! Please have Gina and Boyle find out midseason about their parents (only after some more build up and sneaking around).  




 Hey! Thanks for doing this! I have a few very basic questions. I'm trying to learn how to use Unity and some general programming overall. I've taken a very basic Java   C++ class before and I used to do some stuff in Ruby for RPG maker, so I have some rudimentary programming skills, but have a lot to learn. 

I'm trying to make a simple text /interactive fiction game which ideally I would want to look something like Twine (http://twinery.org/), but wrapped in some sort of GUI with point/click ability and background graphics. 

Just want some pointers on where to start/begin researching with something like this? I'd like to start with creating something like this maybe (except without the need for the room based map): 
http://forum.unity3d.com/threads/tidy-text-adventures-editor-tool-for-creating-text-based-adventure-games.164625/ 

I've never done anything like this and would just like a few pointers on where to begin. I'm not asking for an in depth tutorial or anything like that, just something like "you should read about x   y (ie parsing, etc) and how it ties into z (creating GUI, etc)". 

Thanks!   




 Yup - glad to know my parents are the only ones who do this. 

When I was slightly overweight (on Asian standards mind you which meant I was like +5-10 lbs from my "ideal" weight = "holy shit you're so fat how are you ever going to get married" all the time. 

Then I went backpacking in Europe for a month and lost about 5-10 lbs = next time my parents saw me "holy shit we think you have a wasting disease you should go to the hospital to get that checked out". 

You literally cannot win. 
 




 I'm a little behind too... just shy of 6K right now. Boss is visiting from out of town so my evenings are being taken up with work related events. 

I'm writing a collection of short stories this year for NaNo though so I haven't stalled out due to anything plot related yet. Woot.  




 How's everyone's NaNo going? Remember to achieve the 50,000 words by the end of the month, you need to write an average of 1,667 words a day! 

If you're looking for extra motivation or a writing buddy, try hitting up one of your local NaNo events.  




 WTF is wrong with these companies? Who's actually going to go shopping on Thanksgiving Day?  




 Sigh... I have both GTA V and TLOU for PS3. Come on Black Friday ads, there must be a better deal.  




 Just realized I didn't actually RSVP. I'll be there.  




 Second this. I do 425 (convection - use 450 for normal bake) for 12-15 minutes. Comes out perfect every time.  




 Looks hilarious.  




 They act like it and also just referring to the one undercover episode. They made a hilarious married couple.  




 Nooo.... but Keanu! 




 He thinks he could somehow "win" his way back to the team. That or Skye's father is offering some serious rewards for getting Skye back to him.  




 It was so bittersweet when she walked in on him and Mac's bro moment too.  




 Or zip ties or duck tape even. Lot harder to get out of than loose handcuffs.  




 Dude he is such a deluded fuck. I loved how Coulson just handed his ass to him. 

You betrayed every single one of us. The only reason youre still alive is because you were of use.  




 I thought he was going to somehow play enough mind game on Skye and she was going to help him get out to find her father. This did seem like a cop out way for him to get out though.  




 Thor almost shat his pants.  




 Coulson does NOT approve of the Grumpy Cat mug. LOL.  




 Man, englishman can get away with such ridiculous dialogue: *That face is so dour.* 

No American could say that in RL.  




 Peter! Stop being such a dick to SHIELD/morally ambiguous character, you probably need to go chase after Neal Caffrey instead.  




 Ok that fight between May and that dude was pretty good. However silly that chain knife thing was, it made for a pretty cool fight scene.  




 *You betrayed every single one of us. The only reason youre still alive is because you were of use.*

So. Cold. But Ward is a deluded **fuck**. Im glad theyre committed to going down this evil!Ward path.  

Also, Coulson referred to Fitz and Simmons as FitzSimmons! 
 




 Were really digging into this weekly Married Misadventures of Agents of SHIELD. 

First May   Coulson now Lance   Bobbi. 

Love it. Keep the jabs coming.  




 *This poor sap is believing every word shes saying. She always makes them feel so special*

Aww Lance and you gave her your nanas pearl earrings. Then she broke your heart. Aww, poor baby.   




 *So youve been telling everyone Im a hell beast.*

*No no I dont believe I used those exact words.* 




 I officially love Lance and Bobbi: 

*This is you peacocking.* 

*Who uses the word peacocking?"*  

*You just love the sound of your own voice.*  




 It seems like there was a lot of groundwork laid in this episode for what Im presuming is going to be Superhuman Registration and Civil War.  




 Also it was hilarious when Tony and Rhodey were both trying to lift it.  




 That he did.  




 Beginning of that trailer SO hilarious.  




 Peter! Stop being a dick to SHIELD, you probably need to go chase after Neal Caffrey.  




 Wait ex-wife? I missed something!!  




 Will be there at 3. I'm about to leave the house now.  




 Update: might be running a wee bit late due to some work stuff. Shouldn't be more than 30-45 minutes at most. (fingers crossed)  




 In lieu of the normal 52 Week Writing Challenge, I will be taking this week to prep for NaNoWriMo which starts next week. For the month of November, we will take a short break from normal format and track 50K words for NaNoWriMo. Happy writings everyone!  




 Thanks. It will be eventually. :/  




 I'll be there. I'll bring **Mansions of Madness**. It's been languishing since I got it (almost) 4 years ago, hopefully you guys will want to give it a twirl. 
/u/r2d8 getinfo 




 I'll be there. I'll figure out some fall themed food to bring and will update this post then.  




 The rain and gloom here as really helped with the writing atmosphere. Nothing better to do at night than to buckle down and crank out the pages. 

As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Also how was she NOT completely suspicious when Coulson started "reminiscing" about the past just as they're about to walk into the hotel room?  




 Me too. Loved his reaction at the end too.

*"I did what now?"*

*"I mean a painting Coulson? And you weren't immediately suspicious it wasn't me?"* 




 It's those Asian genes I'm telling you: http://i.imgur.com/SeHM7.jpg 




 Me too. Loved his reaction at the end too. 

*"I did what now?"*

*"I mean a painting Coulson? And you weren't immediately suspicious it wasn't me?"* 




 Or rather, a molestache.  




 Also Hyrda needs to teach their agents how to properly restrain downed SHEILD agents. Especially the Cavalry.  




 *Inter-human relations are hard. I was a human and she was a demonic hell beast.*

Lance's ex is really intriguing me. All the delicious hints they keep dropping! 
 




 *I spent 5 months in an enemy camp, you people make me miss those times.*  

Talbots starting to grow on me.  




 Best description of Beardy McTraitorson yet: 

At least your ex isnt the psycho living in our basement.  
  




 I cant believe Im the only one seeing this right now.  




 I LOLed so hard at Coulsons wire evading pose. Its too bad May ruined it.  




 What is THAT? 

Thats May laughing I think the worst of it is almost over.  




 I would pay $500 for a pair of flats right now. 

My face hurts. 

Were modern. 

Plus all of her little digs at Coulson when they were undercover. 

Man, this episode was pure May gold.  




 Can we pleeease have a web series spin off called the Married Mis-adventures of May and Coulson detailing all of their undercover operations?  




 Ming-Na Wen is looking *damn* fine for a 50 year old lady.  




 Probably will be an hour late but might not make it either tbh. Sorry to be flaky... got some personal stuff going on right now.  




 I feel like they're setting up Brandon Routh's character as her new love interest... I just don't know how I feel about that. RIP Olicity :(  




 Fitz was kind of scary in that scene. I had almost wished they just showed Fitz passively watching Ward suffocate for a bit longer and then "allowing" him to live.  




 Only if Coulson yells "You're Fired!" to a Hydra agent hanging off a missile that he fires into an unfinished skyscraper.  




 Haha very plausible timeline. 

Also, sometime between the events of True Lies and Agents of Shield Harry Tasker trains a young Phil Coulson in the art of tango.  




 I've been in the van for 15 years, Harry.  




 I'm really excited to see Simmons infiltrating the inner sanctum of Hydra in the coming weeks. Looking forward to her possible interactions with Agent 33 as well. I'm sure she's going to work on a way to combat the brainwashing/compliance for both Agent 33 and herself. I'm sure her cover is going to get blown eventually and they're going to try and brainwash her except at that point she'll already have developed a way to fight it. 

That or we're going to get a couple of episodes of some really awesome EvilMadScientist!Simmons.  




 "Everything I did, I did of my own free will." Evil!Ward forever!  

Also yay we're advancing the Skye's father plot line! Too bad that's totally how Ward's gonna get free. Mark my words, Syke's gonna decide that breaking him out is a good idea.  




 Ha, after all the speculation last week, turns out Fitz knew he was hallucinating Simmons the entire time.  




 Psst Whedons... we like this burgeoning MacFitz bromance. Please don't kill or do something otherwise horrible to Mac.  




 That confrontation between Fitz and Ward was so powerful and absolutely heartbreaking. It's tragic to think of the consequences that Ward's betrayal has had on the team. Gone is the gentle and innocent boy scientist - replaced instead by this broken bitter man. Iain De Caestecker absolutely killed it in that scene - just the right amount of hyperventilation, fear, and barely restrained anger. 

Also, Ward is a manipulative shitbag. "It's good to see you Fitz?" Evil!Ward forever.  




 LOL May and Coulson going undercover next week looks absolutely hilarious. Like straight up True Lies style.
 




 Wow didn't realize Fitz knew Simmons wasn't really there the entire time. That was fast. Also, the confrontation between Ward and Fitz happened waaaay earlier than I thought it would.  




 Boooo Simmons is actually still working for Shield. I wanted a giant story twist!  




 I'm surprised Hydra lets Simmons live out in the real world. I feel like you should keep all of your top scientists on lock down... for their own safeties' sake you know.  




 Rate my thread a 1, rate James' a 10... how is that not rude?  




 As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 I'll be there. And if Gary does paninis again I can bring a side or soup or something.  




 You are the rudest. 




 Agreed. :/ 
























 I'm on mac but found the folder. Unfortunately, the adding them back and having to select the download destination for all of them was what I was hoping to avoid as I have 1000+ torrents across 4 different hard drives. Oh well, lesson learned.   




 Sorry should have specified. On mac, didn't have that option checked (which sucks), but I found the equivalent folder and at least all of the torrents files are there.  




 No, just the torrents, but now I have manually add back 1000 torrents across like 4 different hard drives... not a happy camper right now.  




 Sometimes I need to stop all my torrents so I will select all and hit the stop button up top... except this time, while sleep deprived at 4:30 AM in the morning, I accidentally hit the remove button besides it and thus removing ALL of my completed/seeding torrents. Is there an undo function or cache somewhere of these torrents? I literally had 1,000+ torrents and will not be feasible for me to go individually download all of the .torrent files over again. 

Thanks in advance for any advice!  




 I'm going to try my darnest to finish my stupid work Sunday morning so I can be there at 2. 




 Sorry it wasn't when I originally loaded the page. Will delete.  




 [Skyfall](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1074638/?ref_=nm_flmg_dr_4) (2012), Sam Mendes 




 [American Beauty](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0169547/?ref_=nm_knf_t1) (1999), Sam Mendes 




 [Road to Perdition](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0257044/) (2002), Sam Mendes 




 [The Inside Man](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0454848/) (2006), Spike Lee 




 [Aladdin](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0103639/) (1992), Ron Clements and John Musker 




 [Pi](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0138704/?ref_=nm_flmg_dr_6) (1998), Darren Aronofsky 




 [The Wrestler](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1125849/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1) (2009), Darren Aronofsky 




 [Incendies](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1255953/) (2010), Denis Villeneuve 




 [The Wind Rises](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2013293/?ref_=nm_flmg_dr_1) (2013), Hayao Miyazaki 




 [Kiki's Delivery Service](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0097814/?ref_=nm_flmg_dr_16) (1989), Hayao Miyazaki 




 [Burn After Reading](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0887883/?ref_=tt_rec_tt) (2008), Ethan   Joel Coen 




 [A Serious Man](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1019452/?ref_=tt_rec_tt) (2009), Ethan   Joel Coen 




 [Barton Fink](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0101410/) (1991), Ethan   Joel Coen 




 Completely agree. I'm so glad that she's finally get the recognition she deserves. I've been defending her for years by pointing out she's classically trained and showing people her NYU vid. But now with the Tony Bennett collaboration and this highly visible Oscar performance, I think more and more people will finally realize exactly how talented she is as a musician. 

 




 She recently released one with Tony Bennett: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cheek_to_Cheek_%28album%29 




 Completely agree with you. Jake's been on a roll lately: Prisoners, Enemies, and now Nightcrawler. I think we're going to see great things to come.  




 And for anyone else interested in some more of Lady Gaga's less mainstream material :) 

 * Bang Bang: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-huNrHAou-E
 * Anything Goes (w/ Tony Bennett): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fg1meK-IgOM
 * NYU Talent Competition: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NM51qOpwcIM

 




 For anyone else interested in some more of Lady Gaga's less mainstream material :) 

 * Bang Bang: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-huNrHAou-E
 * Anything Goes (w/ Tony Bennett): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fg1meK-IgOM
 * NYU Talent Competition: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NM51qOpwcIM

 




 Pawel Pawlikowski was a just a boss at denying that playoff music. I seriously laughed out loud as he kept going and going.  




 In case you want some more of Lady Gaga's less mainstream material :) 

 * Bang Bang: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-huNrHAou-E
 * Anything Goes (w/ Tony Bennett): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fg1meK-IgOM
 * NYU Talent Competition: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NM51qOpwcIM

 




 I would just like to say that Pawe Pawlikowski was a boss at just DENYING that playoff musical.  




 I was also really convinced this was going to be Wes Anderson's year finally.  




 In case you want some more of Lady Gaga's non pop-y material:

 * Bang Bang: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-huNrHAou-E
 * Anything Goes (w/ Tony Bennett): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fg1meK-IgOM
 * NYU Talent Competition: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NM51qOpwcIM

 




 And I loved how much they thanked and praised him. So sweet. Wes Anderson is definitely deserving of an Oscar though.  




 Grand Budapest not winning original screenplay (or directing). :( 

Wes Anderson really deserves an Oscar. His entire crew who won awards and thanking him all night was really sweet.  




 Neil Patrick Harris did an awesome job with the Oscar opening number, but I still think his best one was from the 2011 Tony's: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6S5caRGpK4 

As an added bonus, that was the same show he did this duet with Hugh Jackman: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LqJxyuTMMog 









 I'm so glad that she's finally get the recognition she deserves. I've been defending her for years by pointing out she's classically trained and showing people her NYU vid. But now with the Tony Bennett collaboration and now this performance, I think more and more people will finally realize exactly how talented she is as a musician.  




 Wow... I thought I hated gingham, but after going through your inspo album, I've just realized it can work in so many different ways. Thanks for the post!  




 Yes! This was the one I was looking for. I'm going to make sure to save it this time around so I can always remember the Raleigh Snowpocalypse of 2014 fondly.  




 Which comic is your description from?  




 Does anyone have the AT-AT shop of this pic?  




 The show might only last 3 more seasons, but it'll take George another decade to finish the book series no doubt.  




 This pretty much confirms I can't watch anymore of the TV show for the next decade or so and I have to unsub from /r/gameofthrones.   




 Sigh, if only.  




 Sorry don't have the day off either. :/  




 In no particular order: 

* C T Wok (Morrisville)
* Banana Leaf (Cary) 
* Super Wok (Cary) 
* Grand Asia (Hot Bar) (Cary) 
* Shanghai (Durham)  




 Those are two completely different places with the same name. The one in Cary is authenic Sichuan food and the one in CH is just a Chinese buffet (or at least was the one time I went there a few years ago).  




 Hey! 25/F here also. Love eating, drinking, movies/tv, shows (theater/musicals) and general adventures. Seems like there are quite of few of us in this thread - would you be interested in organizing something for all of us to meet up and grab food or drinks? I can't do this weekend, but will be available the following weekend. Otherwise, feel free to hit me up.  









 I'll be there in a few.  




 There was an eBay like this one on Black Friday. I saw it when I was buying my PS4.  




 I'll be there.  




 YISSSS. Now we just need a timeline and which areas are getting it first.  




 You could try setting something up for a different night too.  




 I totally misread this as "The Martian Chronicles" (by Ray Bradbury). Also amazing btw - you should check it out.  




 What a shame... I consider Mozart to be one of my composers of all time and his body of work, even in his short life, is amazing. I think it would have been fascinating to see how similar or different the works between the two siblings would have been.  




 Just came here to echo all the other comments - my absolute favorite book of all time. There's just nothing quite like an epic tale of revenge spanning decades in the making.  




 It's awesome that he's working out in his SHIELD swag. Guess he's really using that method acting.  




 Anyone know where to watch the French version of this show? I'm really interested in seeing the original after watching this. 

EDIT link here: http://full-stream.net/5920-19-2-saison-2.html 

FYI the French scene is literally 100% the same tracking shot wise (and even shot in the same school). There are some minor differences in terms of acting and timing. The French version seems to close the shot a little better (dialogue wise), again the shot is the same.  




 Also this picture here, confirmation with proof: pic.twitter.com/lUSHtpDfmc 




 My favorite numbers so far (titles are just made up by me): 

* Galavant Main Theme (Ep 1)  
* Hero's Journey (Ep 2) 
* Together (Ep 4) 
* Maybe You're Not the Worst Thing (Ep 4)   




 Stop with the pointless remakes of good British shows. (I'm looking at you Gracepoint.)  




 Holy shit this cast is amazing! 




 Grace's Cafe on Duke campus also has a pretty good bubble tea, but I don't believe there are any stand alone bubble tea places in this area.  




 I made sure I didn't have any other plans or commitments tonight for this.  




 Great article - well written and well researched.  




 Sounds good. Probably won't be there at 2, but expect me sometime around 2:30.  




 Yes! That would be awesome. :)  




 Way too much was cut and the movie looses so much in terms of tone and theme of the original musical. The worse offense being both the act 1 ending number "Ever After" and the act 2 opening number "Once Upon a Time...Later" which is the entire premise of the story as being what happens after the typical "fairy tale" ending. Also, unnecessary change on the death of the Baker's Wife. 

I would really recommend people see another version of this, whether it be live on stage or the recorded version of the original stage production. This is one of my favorite musicals, but so many of the best songs are cut in the movie and it looses so much of it's humor and story in the process. 

Such a shame. Rob Marshall did an excellent job with Chicago... what happened here? 




 That 2nd photo is 100% pure Dorian.  




 Ha, I did my romance research before I picked a gender. Dorian's the reason I went male. 




 Ah ok - awesome. I was starting to worry a little bit.  









 I'll be there - just let me know when you guys decide to start.  




 Can't really help with your question (other than maybe it's fabric) but I did want to give you kudos on your excellent paint drawings - they made me chuckle. 




 Ditto here. I used to live about a mile away from my elementary school and I walked home from school most days starting when I was in 3rd grade. This was only roughly 10 years ago. Cops really just have nothing better to do these days. 




 What do they plan to do with the entire space? I remember hearing something about a park, but 308 acres is a lot.  




 Completely agree. This is why I've given up on award shows a long time ago. I mean like Bradley Cooper and all, but he doesn't hold a candle to Jake Gyllenhaal in Nightcrawler. Or really Jake Gyllenhaal on any day.  




 Wow, is this for every performance? 

EDIT: it is!  




 For dancing, Architect (top 40s with some random older stuff thrown in) and Zinda's (EDM/house) are really your two best options in downtown Raleigh.  




 Still a good deal as long as you don't hate tofu.  




 How much did this all cost? 




 Yup, that was my point exactly. 

BUT The Interview wasn't planned as a VoD release either... so maybe studios would be willing to approve a smaller budget film with a targeted VoD release. In my opinion, not every film demands a moving theater going experience (especially with the prices of tickets these days), but for smaller films or dramas will little action that necessitates a big screen viewing, this could be a great way to capture revenue from people who might otherwise just pirate it or watch it TV or rent it later.  




 All the movies here are great recs - I just want to add two more: Incendies (by the same director as Prisoners and Enemy) and The Drop.  




 This is impressive considering how unplanned the VOD release was. However, you have to temper that with the fact that this movie had HUGE publicity proceeding it, beyond what they planned on marketing so at the end of the day, this will still be a bit of an anomaly. 

Still, it will be interesting to see if Hollywood decides to use this as a case study and attempt to do more VOD related releases (whether it be stand alone or simultaneous with a big screen release).  




 The /r/trianglegamers group meets in Morrisville if you want to give it a shot - we're actually looking for some new people as a few people moved away recently. We start Sundays around 5 - come check it out! I've been going for over a year now and it's a great group. 




 The group meets in Morrisville now if you want to give it a shot - we're actually looking for some new people as a few people moved away recently. We start Sundays around 5 - come check it out! I've been going for over a year now.  




 I've never been to one of these Raleigh meetups, but I think I might check this one out.  




 I won't be back from the winter break until next weekend so I'll see you guys next week.  




 Any experience or comments about this process? Do they always have tickets available for day of?  




 Hi guys, so I've heard a lot of things are closed during this period - just wondering how bad it is. I'm visiting with my family - do we need to make reservations or probably just be able to wander about and just find a place to eat whenever we feel like breaking? I'm asking in particular about the night of Dec 24th and Dec 25th. 

Also, are all places and shops closed on Dec 25th or are some things still open. Do you guys have any recommended areas for these days (aside from touristy sights like cathedrals or museums). 

Thanks!  




 Death of a fan favorite character?  




 Yes, please.  




 I didn't get the gift card that was supposed to come with the PS4 - I ordered online though.  




 Is it all night or just before a certain time?  














 Aannd still working... might be a no show this week.  




 I've got a lot of work to do today, but I'll try to make it. I probably won't be there until 7 or 8 at the earliest, but I'll update this post later today with my status.  




 Upload to imgur and link here.  




 Might be interested - can you post a pic?  




 It's ok, I bought here: http://www.ebay.com/itm/111546676176?_trksid=p2059210.m2749.l2649 ssPageName=STRK%3AMEBIDX%3AIT 

Only $20!  




 Ugh. Seller "relisted" at $10 more.  




 Can you imagine the shock if you just happened to drop in for a burger and turn around and see the entire cast of AoS sitting nonchalantly there? I'm pretty sure I would shit my pants, stare at them for a bit, squeal, and then run over to say hi.  




 Completely agree on It's Always Sunny - I just don't like humor/comedy that lies on stupidity. It's just sort of tragic and cringe inducing in my books. Same reason I couldn't get into Arrested Development.  




 Ditto - it took me 5 tries to get into Mad Men. It's still not my favorite, but once I got through the first season and a half or so, the show just really started to flow for me.  




 Judging from his expressions, Colbert's life is now complete.  




 cc me too! Thanks!  




 Now let's hope some of this recognition will translate to increased viewers and Bryan Fuller can complete his vision of the TV show.  









 I'm not quite as far as you, but I would say the first 25 hours of play was relatively fine for me as well (banter was a little lower than usual but not alarmingly so). But after I got to Skyhold, shit just started breaking. Hours 25-40 has been buggy as hell (and basically no banter now) and I've actually had to stop playing because it's so bad.  




 I really hope by fixing some of these audio issues, it improves the banter/bgm bugs by extension somehow.  




 Second this. The fifty shades of bald did not impress me.  




 Ditto happened to me. He confirms and nothing changes and the options reappear.  




 Joining the military? Psh please - I'm leading an inquisition here.  




 Won't make it this week. 

As much as I love all of you guys... I just got a PS4 and Dragon Age Inquisition this week... see you all in roughly 150 hours or so. 




 This guarantees that I will watch this.   




 This is motherfucking AWESOME.   




 Completely agree on this. That's what I plan to do for my future wedding. At least that way they can get a dress of a style they want.  




 Wtf - Target Australia has actually pulled this game off shelves due to this?  




 Bridesmaid dresses are different. For some weddings, the bride is very specific about the exact dress or exact color and style of dress that she wants her bridesmaids to wear. In this situation, you are forced to buy a dress that you never wear again because of how impractical it is or if it's ugly and not really your style. These are the sacrifices you make for friendship.  




 I'm super excited but I'll reserve judgement until I either see gameplay or play it myself. Plus it's a little weird to see Sledgehammer making COD zombies instead of Treyarch so let's see how they do.  









 I love it - this is amazing!  




 I'll be there around 530. With soup. 




 Thanks! You're awesome!  




 Thanks! You're awesome!  
























 I pretty much all leftovers up to a 1-1.5 weeks ago. Never had a problem with anything before. Just make sure they are getting properly refrigerated after cooking.  




 I still cry every time I read it.  




 I have a feeling this person is gonna get expelled and face criminal charges. Kind of curious what motivated them to do this - seems really dumb.  




 Sorry can't make it, will be working.  




 I love this! Do you have a romanization of the arabic saying?  




 Holy shit - this guy was one of my econ TAs back at Duke.  




 Edit: Duke game at 5 pm so sorry guys don't think I'll make it. :( 




 Someone please remind me about this... I will totally forget otherwise.  




 Ditto - that's what I thought OP meant in the title. That would be a hilarious compilation.  




 Yes! Actually while I was in college, Gmail filtered an interview email from Google itself into my spam folder which was complete fail. Unfortunately, I didn't see it until 3 weeks later so I completely missed out on that which really sucked.  




 Sorry - still out of town on business trip. Be back next week.  




 I thought it was Ward at first walking out of the ocean in that opening scene. Got really excited for a split second.  




 That sounds like Samuel L Jackson from Kingsmen trying to read their names normally.  




 Let's take a vote guys. Bobbi/Mack = SWORD: yay or nay?  




 I bet if it ever came down to it, Bobbi's totally going to place the blame all on Mack when he tries to go to her for help or to try and cover it up. That or they're gonna try and bring Hunter in on whatever they are.   




 I bet Bobbi's totally going to place the blame all on Mack when he tries to go to her for help.  




 I totally thought it was Ward when they showed that first shot of Lady Sif walking out of the ocean. I got really excited for a moment.  




 I did think he was going to reach down deep inside him and bring out those crazy strength powers and beat up the Kree.  




 Love Hunter just walking nonchalantly in like eh, just some inter team sexual tension, no biggie.  




 I'm starting to really dislike Mack, maybe because he's been so shady these past few eps. And I liked him so much when he and Fitz were the dream team. :(  




 That just sounds like pornographic skittles.  




 Simmons bailing on Fitz was kinda shitty too though (regardless of her reasons). :/  




 Especially when Whedons are involved. :(  




 Yeah I like how everyone's like we totally weren't going to do anything bad to our *friend* Skye. Lies. You were ready to lynch her last episode.  




 Too soon.  




 Those pesky Whedons better not do anything to my precious Hunter!  




 Well at least they didnt drag out the Skye pretending to hide her Inhuman powers. Though I did think the reveal was a little bit underwhelming.  




 NOO! Hunter!! Whedons you better not do anything to him!  




 Coulson: Who can explain the mysteries of the Asgardian brain?  
May, with extreme snark: I can  




 I felt like Lady Sif was underused in this episode. Also, felt a little too much like a filler ep overall. I thought it killed the momentum from last week a little bit.  




 Sorry will be out of town for the next 2 weeks.  




 The Three Musketeers (Disney version with Keifer Sutherland)  




 Sorry doesn't look likely that I'll be able to make it.  




 Will try to get my work done so I can make it. Keep you guys posted.  




 Dan Stevens is on the up and up. Can't wait to see all the amazing stuff he does in the future. 









 Second this. I'm a big fan of the Daughter of the Lioness books (there's only two sadly).  




 And then the camera pulling out to show the pic of the Howling Commandos on the wall. Three generations of family dedicated to fighting Hydra. :(  




 These two deserve their fates. And each other.  




 Yup, they're are just rocking it. :)  




 That scene where Coulson has to deliver the bad news to Tripp's mom is just heartbreaking. :( And then that camera pulls into the apartment to the picture of the Howling Commandos on the wall and it's even more gut wrenching. Three generations of the family dedicated to fighting Hydra.  




 That would be so awesome as next season with a tie with Captain America 3.  




 Agreed, she's just so kind and considerate normally that it seems like a total 180 in personality for her. :/  




 I hope so. While it would be interesting to see a Fitz vs Simmons square off, I really disliked Simmons' angry outbursts this episode. :( She's just so nice normally.  




 Promises were made! 

https://twitter.com/ChloeBennet4/status/572787751835213824 




 Cut off a limb, and two more shall take its place! 




 The premise of the show is ridiculous: *Dr. Henry Morgan (Ioan Gruffudd) is a New York City medical examiner who studies the dead for criminal cases, and to solve the mystery of his own immortality. Since his first death 200 years ago while working as a doctor in the African slave trade, Morgan disappears almost immediately each time he dies, and returns to life naked in a nearby body of water.* 

The pilot is also laughably bad.  




 Hm that would be interesting - I had not considered the possibility that Bobbi and Mack were working for Fury (or some other Shield faction).  




 Would love to see them tie Agents of Shield back into the MCU movies. Even as quick cameo appearances.  




 The things I'm so happy have to back: 

* May being awesome.
* May and Coulson carrying on like an old married couple.  
* Bobbi and Hunter giving each other shit  
* Cal and Raina's batshit craziness. 
* Puns.
* Coulson's red car. 
* Tripp :(   




 I was just thinking about how I don't think of them as FitzSimmons anymore but as Fitz and Jemma (I feel like they say her first name a lot more now.)  




 Or as Bobbi would put it, "you're a rock star Skye."   




 I think they tried a tiniest bit too hard to make Skyes new powers a horrible thing and turn the team/teams perception against her. I thought Jemmas outbursts were a little much. And Fitz freaking out and suddenly covering for Skye a little out of character as well. I understand the plot point, but I hope this doesnt turn into a whole season of Skye hiding her powers from everyone except Fitz. 

Also, did anyone else think that Fitz was suddenly very articulate after he came back in with Skyes fake results? 
 




 I thought for a moment there that Hunter was a Hydra spy in that post car crash/escape scene.  




 The married adventures of Coulson and May continues with some scriptwriting role playing. 

Theyll never take us alive? Really? A little over the top dont you think? 

We only had a day to come up with the whole thing, and if I had let you write the script, no one would say anything.   




 I think they tried a tiniest bit too hard to make Skyes new powers a horrible thing and turn the team/teams perception against her. I thought Jemmas outbursts were a little much. And Fitz freaking out and suddenly covering for Skye. I understand the plot point, but I hope this doesnt turn into a whole season of Skye hiding her powers from everyone except Fitz. 

Also, did anyone else think that Fitz was suddenly very articulate after he came back in with Skyes fake results?  




 Poor Coulson, having to deliver the bad news to Tripps mom. :( 
 




 *Shell never love you, you stupid man.* 

Cal is insane. Loved his pure glee at finding out Skye had transformed post metamorphosis.
 




 For the tiniest moment, I thought Hunter was a traitor. 
 




 Sierra returns!!  




 I think youre a rock star. Ha. I see what you did there Bobbi.  




 Coulson always telling it like it is. If Tripp were here, he wouldnt be arguing, he wouldnt be complaining, he wouldnt be bitching. ...Tripp :(  




 Of course Coulson would have a replica of his precious car in his office.  




 Are Bobbi and Mack traitors??? 




 That was a very Godfather-esque sequence where they killed the other members of the Hydra inner council. 
 




 God I have missed Bobbi and Hunter.

Drop the accent, it makes you sound like a douchebag.

Were in a support group. 

AHAHAHA. Thats the best thing you could have said. 

Youre a jackass.  

So do you guys pass around a talking stick or? 
/jab in side  




 Lol Coulson's replica car.  




 Are Bobbie and Mack traitors????  




 Um why did Fitz suddenly lie after freaking out?  




 THEY SAID IT INHUMAN.  




 For the *tiniest* moment, I thought Hunter was a traitor. 
 




 Coulson always telling it like it is. If Tripp were here, he wouldnt be arguing, he wouldnt be complaining, he wouldnt be bitching.  




 "I think you're rock star." Ha. Ha.  




 I see this as more of a popular/people's vote, just like IMDB is. Dark Knight is very highly ranked there as well.  




 TIL Reddit really likes The Social Network... #39??  




 More like 1/10 would not binge this season if not for s1 and s2 hype.  




 I'm going to be late because of work. I'll try to be there by 3.  




 Absolutely. She looks way better as a blonde and it gave her an air of fair beauty that contrasted amazingly with her icy personality. 

 




 It was like Frank Underwood was staring straight into your soul.  




 For some reason that scene between Claire and the writer made me think that the writer is gonna be interested in Claire and her story and wind up publishing an expose on Frank instead that winds up ruining him more and fueling Claire's rise to power. 
 




 I thought he was giving him a very valuable life lesson. Yes, everyone should strive to be the best that they can be, but admit the limitations they were born with as well - whether it be height or money or ethnicity. There's a difference between a dream and a fantasy indeed.  




 Which I thought was weird because she spent the entire season completely spurning him and getting happily married.  




 I highly doubt it.  




 I'm not sure if I buy into Frank caring about Doug just yet. Maybe I've just become cynical after everything I've seen of Frank or maybe I'm just getting horrible flashbacks of the Peter Russo incident. If he cares about Doug, why has he been sidelining and ignoring him this entire season so far? He must know how fiercely loyal Doug is and that all he wants is for Frank to succeed and that it will only drive Doug to the current state that he's in. 

I don't buy it, it has to be a play. 
 




 Let's hope he escapes the fall out from Frank like Jesse does in the end though.  




 Though she was all smiles when she stepped back into the other room. So scary as well.  




 But if he cares about Doug, why has he been sidelining and ignoring him this entire season so far? He must know how fiercely loyal Doug is and that all he wants is for Frank to succeed and that it will only drive Doug to the current state that he's in. 
I don't buy it, it has to be a play.  




 If they're going down that path, they need show more Meechum in these next few episodes.  




 Absolutely. She looks way better as a blonde and it gave her an air of fair beauty that contrasted amazingly with her icy personality.  




 Is anyone else just really over this Russia/Petrov storyline this season? As much as I like Lars Mikkelsen, I feel like Frank has just been getting dominated by this Petrov all season, but crawling back to try and make peace. And that storyline is honestly sort of yawn worthy overall.  




 For real. Though at least I buy into him (mostly because he's been sort of pathetic all season), but Frank crying earlier in the season was really jarring.  




 I didn't realize this was up for debate. Especially since Doug is alive.  




 I really wanted to see him butt heads again with Claire (and her take him down) or with Frank. Boo.  




 There is not enough of Meechum in this season so far. Highly disappointed.  




 I have to say even though I'm hanging in there, I'm definitely not enjoying this season nearly as much as the first two. :/  




 Freddy being the realist.  




 I also thought it was weird because when I'm crying or upset, the last thing I want to do is have sex. I feel like that's furthest away thing I want to do. So in that sense, I almost felt like Claire violated him. (Even though he appeared to be right as rain the next day.)  




 I also thought it was weird because when I'm crying or upset, the last thing I want to do is have sex. I feel like that's furthest away thing I want to do. So in that sense, I almost felt like Claire violated him. (Even though he appeared to be right as rain the next day.)  




 Wow I totally forgot about that until you just brought it up. Feel like anything weird sexually is eclipsed by the threechum.  




 I wasn't really sold on him in the beginning, but I have to say he's really grown on me. All of the supporting characters have been kind of weak this season so far (Remy, Meechum, Seth, etc), so I'm really glad his character is really getting fleshed out here.  




 Or some other conflict around scheduling, actor/director relationship or personal matter. 

It's too bad we didn't get to see Frank and him butt heads directly, especially after he was such a dick to Claire during the Senate hearing.  




 Cruel to some, but I thought he was giving him a very valuable life lesson. Yes, everyone should strive to be the best that they can be, but admit the limitations they were born with as well - whether it be height or money or ethnicity. There's a difference between a dream and a fantasy indeed.  




 Hm I'm not entirely convinced he's a double agent. I think he's doing this of his own accord because he sees this as the only possible for him to get back into Frank's inner circle and prove his worth.  




 The moment he admitted he didn't write the majority of Scorpio to Frank, I was like these guys are cut from the same cloth - they will get along just fine.  




 Stop teasing us with all these tiny glimpses of Meechum. We want moar.  




 I almost feel like the term flash forward is from Lost so yeah definitely gave off that vibe. 




 Agreed. They were completely nasty to each other. I want Team Underwood back though I'm starring to think that Claire is just setting herself up for when Frank inevitably falls from power. And this is all just sly political maneuvering.  




 Love the non linear open that turns out to be a flash forward and not a flash back.  




 Oh damn... did not see that one. I was too busy just hoping that Netflix has to do a fourth season based on the number of cards in a deck.  




 Lol at the monks and Meechum's deadpan delivery of "they'll be here for a month."  




 I still can't decide if it was a good move, a calculated move or Claire's political inexperience or morality coming into play here.  




 I'm still reeling... I think this is the first time we've seen the two of them just go at each other completely unfiltered like that.  




 Did I miss something or is there a reason Claire and Frank aren't sleeping in the same bed or room? 

Edit: Nm apparently I just needed to watch more of the ep.  




 Frank moving on from Call of Duty onto indie games? I approve.  




 Dat product placement.  




 I like how he's still holding onto a piece of it too. Just standing there like a little kid with cookie crumbs on his hands like noope wasn't me.  




 I really thought that's where the episode was going with that scene with Petrov saying he needed to think about what he wanted and Frank commenting he knew exactly. Especially after Frank told Claire to work her charm on him. I thought were literally about to see Frank pimp Claire out as Petrov pointed out.  




 Damn did not recognize him without that beard he was sporting in Sherlock last season. I thought he looked and sounded awfully familiar. 




 "To President Petrov... and his little pickle."  




 If only Frank had expressed his stairway thoughts outloud while the two of them were lighting up.  




 I wonder if Doug is making moves or just making moves to get back in Frank's good graces... hmm... though I'm not sure why Frank decided to completely sideline Doug to begin with. Seems like he could use all the allies he can get right now.  




 Just beautiful and elegant. I wish I had black tie events to go to so I would have a reason to dresses like that.  




 Might be higher cost of living in DC. I have a few friends who live there and their rent and such is pretty high. Also, you'd probably be working all the time in a job like that. (Just watch any of the West Wing staff - I felt like they never slept.)  




 A bit jarring as the end credits but it also sucked that Netflix's auto proceed to next episode timer kicked in so soon. They should have let the credits run here.  
























 I volunteer as tribute!  




 Not to mention how deliciously tantalizing the food looks all the time, regardless if it's human half the time.  




 That was so clever. I lol'd out loud.  




 Damn... thought the show was gonna have back to back seasons with kinky group sex scenes in it. 

TBH it's a shame that guy had to die so quickly... he seemed kind of interesting actually.  




 I can almost taste everything on the screen.  




 This season clearly needs more orgies, especially with Wendigos.  




 I like what you did there. 




 Until Abel Gideon turns it around and BURNS Hannibal hardcore with only one limb. 




 Though it's a little hard to feel too bad for her... her curiosity of what Hannibal would do while unbound by his person suit outweighed the obvious option of call the police and shoot Hannibal.  




 She was so elegant and apparently calm too.  




 OMG that trailer for next week's episode looks ridiculous!!  




 Damn son! Abel Gideon calling Hannibal out with ONLY ONE limb left! Doesn't poor lonely Hannibal wish he could be dining with Will Graham?  




 ...And curiosity killed the cat. Damnit Bedelia  




 Gillian Anderson is so beautiful and graceful. Please survive this season.  




 Is anyone else finding these flashback scenes with Abel Gideon absolutely morbid?  




 Damnit that TA dude seems pretty cool... I'm pretty sure he's gonna die though.  




 Or you might not emerge alive.  




 That moment when Bedelia realizes why Hannibal's feeding her what he's feeding her.  




 Is it that kind of party?

...Such a shame.  




 Anyone else tweeting for the first time in a long time?  




 Don't go to Hannibal's for dinner. Bad decision.  




 Cry... I want to be there.  




 I'm not sure about the legal technicalities, but I feel like another network or Netflix could possibly be interested in picking Hannibal up... a lot of critics consider it one of the best shows on TV right now. That's gotta count for something in this day and age. 




 Thanks for the rec!  




 Second this recommendation - the best I've had in the Triangle so far.  




 Oliver's inflections and way of speaking is much better than Fisk's. I can understand Oliver completely, whereas for Fisk, half the time I have no idea what he's saying because he's so terrible. 

And yes, there are regional accents for Mandarin, but she just sounds like someone who doesn't speak it trying speak it. A "southern" accent in Mandarin still wouldn't sound like that. Also, if she's from HK, the locals don't speak Mandarin there.  




 As a speaker of both Mandarin and Japanese, his Mandarin is pretty terrible (it's one of the worst ones I've heard in recent memory) and his Japanese accent is fairly average / decent enough. 

The actress for Madame Gao isn't a native speaker of Mandarin either. She has all the inflection and pauses, etc correct, but it's pretty accented (she sounds like she might be a native Cantonese speaker.)  




 Are there still items up for auction?  




 I've seen the movie so I guess not a terribly big spoiler. Didn't realize it was a series - I'll check it out. Thanks!  




 Examples: Hannibal Lector, Dexter Morgan, Jeremy in the Carson Ryder series,  

Specifically, I'm trying to find books or series where there's a recurring serial killer who's not the main antagonist, but some sort of chaotic neutral character who may even help the main character (such as in the example of Jeremy in the Carson Ryder series). 

But I'll take general recommendations that fit the title as well. Thanks! 




 Hey Triangle represent! I'll have to swing by sometime.  




 Holy crap - I have this white bear!! (And here I was scrolling through this thread thinking about how adorable this thread was with all the many lives of OP's bear). His nose is squished in just like your bears' too! I would send along a pic but he's at my parents house in storage somewhere.  









 Great example!  




 What? $12/year? That's really good for unlimited photo storage! I have like close to 1 TB of photos.  




 Yuup. I didn't watch it in theaters but this is exactly how me and my brother treated the movie and we had a blast. We laughed so much we almost cried, especially during that White House lawn chase scene.  




 Sorry out of town this weekend! 




 I don't we've seen the last of him, but yes agreed. I'm really excited to see more of Ward and of him fully stepping into his role as the villain. I felt like they kept teasing a possible redemption this season, but that would been so unrealistic.  




 White House Down. Minigun mounted SUV chases the Presidential Limo around... on the White House lawn... 'nuff said.  




 As a first gen immigrant to the US, this sounds like my childhood.  




 I think we'll see a return from him at some point next season. He's too good of a character.  




 Loved the semi-dark sounding music in the background when Snart and Flash teamed up.  




 Agree - thought he was going to get offed saving Skye these last few episodes, but I guess he was just so good they had to keep him on.  




 Oh no. Fitz is never going to forgive himself for it. :(  




 I demand Robo!Coulson. 




 Nah, they wouldn't do that, but I'm guessing some sort of mind control or temporary insanity for at least part of the next season.  




 I didn't realize he had been memory wiped - just thought he was calmed down and rehabilitated. :(  




 And then bam, date cancelled.  




 This is Captain America all over again. NOoooooo. Jemma better not go all Winter Solider on us next season.  




 And they tied up all the other story threads so well and then BAM CLIFFHANGER.  




 Join me, and together, we can rule the MCU as mother and daughter!! 




 Quickest aww to noo in 30 seconds flat.  




 Ditto this. But fish oil is good for you.  




 Coulson let Skye drive his baby??? 




 Oh shit. Didn't even think of that. But really looking forward to more powered people next season.  




 Mack's gonna feel extra shitty about himself when they figure it out.  




 Ward as new head of Hydra? CANT WAIT FOR NEXT SEASON.  




 I demand Robo!Couslon next season (or Darth!Coulson!) 
 




 I felt like most of my marriage to Bobbi was a trap. 

I love these two - they're so perfect for each other. Im actually really really glad they didnt move forward with the SHIELD spin off the show just wouldnt be the same without the two of them. Also, glad they made it through this episode because it looked a little questionable right around the one hour mark.  




 Kyle MacLachlan killed it in this episode. 

Not in the literal sense, but RIP Cal. :(  




 WHAT WAS THAT ENDING??? Full on AWW to NOO in 30 seconds flat! 




 She had a good heart. It was just torn out. :( 

As much as Jiaying went from manipulative to batshit insane in this episode, you couldnt help but to feel sorry for her and what she went through at Whitehalls hands. 

EDIT: ~~Worn~~ Torn 




 Join me, and together, we can rule the MCU as mother and daughter!! 




 Love the concept. Given Wachowski's have done the Matrix and Cloud Atlas and this gives me a Heroes vibe... I can see this being really awesome. Fingers crossed. Either way, I'm excited Netflix is jumping head first into original productions.  




 Ha, this would be the perfect nod.  




 One quick question: is this open to all types of fantasy (specifically urban fantasy) or would you be looking for something that's more in the vein of traditional/high fantasy?  




 This absolutely stunning. I know you have an entire thread full of people telling you already, but I really enjoy art of all mediums and this is incredibly beautiful and unique and I can only imagine the career you'll have ahead of you. I wish I were in a point in my career/life where I can afford to drop thousands on this and keep it for myself, but sadly I'm not. 

Also, as someone who works in business/finance, I agree with the other posters when I say you should absolutely take no less than $5K for this. You should probably ask for more and I wouldn't be surprised if you could sell this for upwards of $10K to the right buyer. Here's a helpful hint, in all negotiations, always let the other person give you a starting price. You may be surprised at what they start with. 

 




 Wow... this is a fantastic opportunity. I'm not sure if any of my short fiction will qualify (on the humor bit), but thank you so much for taking the time for doing this for the community. It's very generous and I respect that immensely.  




 You were so close! It was Miller's Crossing. :) 

My full list for reference: 
			
1. Miller's Crossing 
2. No Country for Old Men 	
3. Barton Fink 	
4. Fargo 	
5. A Serious Man 				
6. True Grit 	
7. Burn After Reading 	
8. The Big Lebowski									
9. O Brother, Where Art Thou?		

I'm clearly a bigger fan of their darker more dramatic works with the exception being Fargo. I love Miller's crossing not for what the Coen brothers are typically known for, but simply because I love Tom Reagan's character and I'm a sucker for mob movies. Objectively, I think that No Country is probably their best movie (followed closely by Fargo). I think a lot of people like the Big Lebowski or O Brother because they are the most accessible of their works (minimal amounts of death/murder and generally light hearted in tone). 

Agree with you that I definitely want to watch Blood Simple (and eventually Inside Llewlyn Davis) at some point as well, though right now I'm just waiting for their new movie, Hail Caesar to come out.   




 Nope. As much as I love No Country (coming in at #2)... you're looking for my personal favorite here, which incidentally is also the first Coen Brothers movie I watched.  




 Nope and nope. I haven't seen Raising Arizona (I've seen 9 Coen Brothers movies) and as much as I love True Grit as a movie overall, on my Coen list it comes in at #6.  




 Close, but no cigar. That's #2. 




 Still nope. Though I'd put Fargo at #4.  




 Still nope!  




 Nope!  




 Coen Brothers, 26.  




 They look way too young. 

Also, waaay too much photoshopping here.  




 I'm really looking forward to the rest of his career actually. Think he's gonna be one of next bigs of the next generation from Britain.   




 Or the scene where One Two basically tells him to shut his pie hole at the party about what happened the night before.  




 That song was just perfect for that trailer. I also liked the part where Tom Hardy says "Me and my brother" and the song goes "which one will you choose". Great throwback to an era from yesteryear.  




 I'm really looking forward to all the awesome stuff that Taron Egerton does in the future. He was ridiculously good in Kingsmen.  




 Sorry I really don't remember. I added the song only about a week before it got deleted. It want to say it featured a more mainstream DJ or mainstream artist in the song, but it didn't really sound like them. 

When the song opens there's about 45secs-1min of non-80s sounding edm music, then the beat kicks in around then. Think the singer's voice sounded a little like La Roux, but I don't think if that's just because her stuff also sounds similar.  




 Hm it's more upbeat and has a faster tempo than this song, but thanks for the guess!  




 Hi guys, I'm looking for a track I recently added to my spotify playlist but was removed. I don't remember much else of the song other than it had an 80s beat/vibe to it and there was a female singer (who also was singing in an 80s tone). Believe it from one of the more popular artists or featured one, but I can't remember anything else other than that for the life of me.

Any help would be appreciated - thanks!
 




 Thanks will try!  




 No it's completely gone. Completely deleted off playlist and does not show up in play history. It's really frustrating.  




 Hi guys, I'm looking for a track I recently added to my Spotify playlist but was removed. I don't remember much else of the song other than it had an 80s beat/vibe to it and there was a female singer (who also was singing in an 80s tone). Believe it from one of the more popular artists or featured one, but I can't remember anything else other than that for the life of me.

I'll also take any general recommendations too that fit that description. 

Any help would be appreciated - thanks!
 




 Hi guys, I'm looking for a track I recently added to my spotify playlist but was removed. I don't remember much else of the song other than it had an 80s beat/vibe to it and there was a female singer (who also was singing in an 80s tone). Believe it from one of the more popular artists or featured one, but I can't remember anything else other than that for the life of me. 

Any help would be appreciated - thanks!  




 Murder!Simmons 




 Ward: Awww guys family reunion!! Sorry about all that evil betrayal shit, but you guys tried to kill me too. So, even steven right?

Everyone: No.
 




 THAT'S what it was reminding me of. I was like wow this gun fu reminds me of some sequence from a movie.  




 Wonder if Raina actually got the Sonic joke. She doesn't seem like the type to play video games.  




 She was kicking so much ass... just wished she used her powers more.  




 All aboard!  




 Coulson was like yeah, you can take a look at the box. Oh btws, I'm the real Director of Shield. Oh look, Maria Hill is calling me.  




 :( I kept hoping it was a decoy or something.  




 Skye was kicking ridiculous amounts of ass in that scene. Though I was hoping for her to use her powers a little more.  




 Ward: Awww guys family reunion!! Sorry about all that evil betrayal shit, but you guys tried to kill me too. So, even Steven right? 

Everyone: No.  




 Did they just really blow up the Bus?? I kept hoping it was a decoy Bus they got from fake Shield.  




 Gemma not joking about killing Ward... :( 

Ward disappointed at her change... :(  




 I've really missed Ward... so nice to have the team all back together again.  




 Man... Ward's apology speech... really tugged at my heartstrings. Made me want to believe. :( But I just have to remember manipulative psychotic Ward from before.  




 Gemma really creeping me out with her sweet... "he didn't make it".  




 Welp we finally got the team back together!  




 Creepy Jenna smiling and being like "he didn't make it".  




 Ward redemption makes me hope.... 




 Finally got the team back together!  




 I usually only buy, but I think their prices are a little high. You can generally find the same or similar items through Vinted or Poshmark or eBay. Though obviously they won't have return policies.  




 Yeah I got one too, but it's weird because I don't really post to this sub so I'm not really sure how I got it?  




 Was it for just the day or over a weekend? I need some place to leave my car for 3-4 days.  




 Hey guys, I'm thinking of taking Megabus up to DC for a weekend and I'm trying to figure out the best place to park my car for the weekend near downtown Durham where the Amtrak station is. 

I know the Durham decks are free after 7PM and on weekends, but am I just allowed to leave my car parked there all weekend? I'ved parked at the deck on Magnum (across the street from Rue Cler) on weekends before and it seems like the gate is just up all the time. 

If not, is there a deck somewhere that does allow overnight/weekend parking? (I don't mind paying I'm just trying to figure out my options). 

Thanks!  




 No definitely a Captain Jack Sparrow reference.  




 I'm sorry Raylan, but it most definitely does NOT fit.  




 Huh, didn't even think of that. 

Tho I still didn't think I understand why that incident caused her relationship with her husband to implode.  




 Wow, that's surprisingly spot on. Except Vader was never as batshit insane as Cal.  




 So well cast and great acting all around as well.  




 I almost felt like he was in on it... it seemed like he was bringing the food. Wouldn't it be odd for the three of them to just have been there with the door wide open if everything was supposed to be hush hush?  




 He's dedicated the last 26 years of his life to finding his daughter... that's enough to drive anyone a little mad. 

I'm all onboard the Cal redemption train... though I feel like it might be setting him up for some horrible gut wrenching death.  




 To be fair, the fam dinner was super sweet... also a little sad... also a little weird and creepy... though definitely heartwarming. 

I'm onboard.  




 I'm so happy that Coulson, Hunter and Fitz are getting back together now.  




 It wasn't a dream!! Ohhh snap!  




 God that Skye and fam dinner was sooo sad and weird and cute and heartwarming at the same time.  




 Key is to wait for 30% off sales or BOGO50% then stack with the coupons. Also, sign up for the Express rewards program, stack those rewards on top. Most things I buy there wind up being so ridiculously cheap they're practically F21 prices.   




 Pretty much all stores unless it's high end name brand stuff that never goes on sale... but I'm not shopping at those places anyways. 

Express is probably one of the worst offenders on the list. I love that store, but if you buy anything there for less than 40% off you are seriously getting ripped off.  
























 Great recs - love the Nasher!  




 Thanks! I'll have to check out Cafe Driade!  




 That he had nothing to hide. The lady was asking him if there was anything shady in his past the investigators uncover in his attempt to get custody of his son. 




 Thanks!  




 Awesome recommendations! Love Cafe de los Muertos! 

Quick question - would it be weird to sitting outside with a laptop at Boylan Bridge since it's a bar? 




 Looking for any recommendations on good places or cool creative spaces where I can hunker down and do some writing. Anything from a coffee shop or a museum or a park or even a camping area. I'll take anything. Thanks!  









 Yes! This is what I needed!  




 If it takes roughly the same time as the Kansas City build out, it'll be a minimum of a year for the first homes to get service. And roughly another year or so for the first 30-X0% to get service.

All in all, I imagine it will take at least 3-4 years for everyone in the intended coverage triangle area to be able to actually get Google Fiber.  




 Ugh, please internet gods. #HannibalOnNetflix  




 Personally, I really liked the song until the chorus kicked in... then I liked it a lot less. 

It's a shame they didn't use the song they played at the bar scene with the lyrics "this is my least favorite life." That was soo haunting!  




 The entire main cast was really awesome and on point tonight. Vince and Collin have surprisingly good chemistry and Rachel and Taylor did a great job playing really intense and emotional this ep. 




 Internet points for anyone who can find the artist and title of the song played at the bar with the lyrics "this is my least favorite life". My google fu has failed me today. The song is so haunting!  




 His accent definitely slipped a little when he said "I welcome judgement." Miss Ray.  




 Definitely agree on being lost for the majority of the episode. Obviously I got the broad brushstrokes of each character and their thing, but it honestly felt like I had tuned into ep 2 of a show and I had missed some critical bits of set up. However, I do like that the three main cop leads have converged by the end of the ep. 
 




 Honestly, I thought that was a little extreme and over the top even for a crooked cop with anger and drinking issues. To a 12 year old. Plus there's no way that dad doesn't have him arrested for assault in real life.  




 I like the fact that the three main cop leads have converged by the end of the episode, but I do feel like the overall set up of the episode was a little too vague. I got general plot threads that they were trying to convey, but I almost felt like I had jumped in on ep 2 of a show and I'm missing some critical set up information.  




 *"If you ever bully again, I'll butt-fuck your dad with your mom's headless corpse."* 

I thought that was a little extreme even for a crooked cop with anger and drinking issues. To a 12 year old.  




 I'm sort of bummed they didn't use that song they played at the bar as the opening theme. The one with the lyrics "this is my least favorite life." Set such a good atmosphere for the scene.  




 Opening theme for any who are interested - Leonard Cohen's Nevermind: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3HbrfV0hJM 














 Welcome again to your weekly dose of Hannibal cinematography. This week's episode was one of my favorites. The Lecter Estate was eerie and ethereal in it's green hues and the many scene transitions this week were especially well done.  














 Dude looks like he knows what he's doing... I could go for a nice scalp massage any day. Just sayin'  




 I thought it was parallel to Hannibal's "mind palace" which he carries around with him.  




 Let's not forget stalking Chiyo in the shadows or creeping on her while she's cooking.  




 The pace is definitely way slower and the cinematography and slow introspective bits really highlight each character's thoughts. Though I think now it's a good thing that Bryan Fuller decided to collapse two seasons into one here. 




 Definitely agree on the memory place shots - the fragments and reflections were not only beautiful but incredible metaphors.  




 Ditto. Though personally I'm looking forward to Will channeling his best inner Hannibal these next few episodes in order to catch him.  




 Hannibal: 1
Bedelia: 1  




 Also later when Hannibal's like "I can only claim one of those" and gives Bedelia that "ho, ho, ho look what I did there" look.   




 *"I was rooting for Mephistopheles and contemptuous of Faust"*

LOL Hannibal. I have no words. 




 I think him posing that body at the end of the episode was his love message back to Hannibal in a way.  




 I know this is a constant topic of conversation, but I feel like the cinematography was really top notch this episode.  




 Can we pause a moment to discuss the fact that Will was responsible for the moth man body posing that we previously saw in the trailers? Holy crap. He's really letting loose. He really acted like Hannibal this episode... seeing if Chiyo would kill, posing the body, even speculating on how he would kill Chiyo earlier.  




 ...you could say I knew him... intimately... 

Tell me more about this heterosexual bromance, Bryan.  




 "Technically, you killed him." 

...very mature Hannibal...  




 Holy shit Will did that.  




 Intimately 




 I know right? I was shocked when FX announced it was renewed last year. Premise of the show sounds like it would be good but everything about it is terrible (thinking about about the pilot just makes me cringe... also everything about Jamal). My roommates and I hate watched this show last year and I suspect we will do the same this year.  




 Please let this actually happen this time... though I am concerned with the fact that it's on Starz. Just give Bryan and Neil full reign and don't meddle... guaranteed great results. 

Too bad HBO passed on this. I guess this just really isn't mainstream enough.   




 Thanks for your comment. Very useful tips!  




 Yup 




 Well I don't think he knew Italian per say but he had been in Italy for a while. They mentioned he had been going to that church for a while before the murder happened. 




 Yup... that was the really noticeable one from this week's ep. I'm surprised they didn't make him redo the scene.  









 YES! I loved it... it was a real shame it wasn't picked up!  




 Aw thanks for the kind words!  




 Let's not forget the scene where Hannibal guts Will in the finale. The caressing... the impaling... the embrace...  




 Hannibal constantly surprises and exceeds my very high level of expectation for the show. It is really defying all odds to be in it's third season on network television.  




 Back again with round two of these. 

Things that were especially outstanding in tonight's episode: 

* The lighting - everything from the soft light of the windows and candles to the contrast of light and shadow on people's faces to the low, dim lighting of the last scene was outstanding.  
* The use of symmetry - full throttle in this episode. 
* Framing Will in tight, confined shots, lines, and spaces to convey a sense that he is trapped by Hannibal's designs.   









 Agreed - so sad!  




 I absolutely loved Pushing Daisies. Actually, one of the reasons I wanted Hannibal initially.  




 Love your analysis! Also, to add the fact that Inspector Pazzi comments that Will was already dead.  




 For reference: http://imgur.com/8HfDiL4 




 The beautiful, beautiful symmetry.  









 Why did you lie to him?"

"The wrong thing being the right thing to do was too ugly a thought. 

:(  




 That surgery autopsy scene really bothered me for some reason. I got a little queasy even though I'm not bothered by any of the murder or gore of the show at all. 
 




 *"I splintered every bone. Fractured them, dynamically. Making it malleable. I skinned you, bent you, twisted you, and trimmed you, head, arms, and legs."* 

Man poor Anthony... RIP our lovely poet who only wanted to have a good time. :(  




 He may not believe himself to be God, but a god certainly. Hannibal definitely has a God complex.  




 Hugh Dancy is English - his accent slips a few times in this episode.  




 I'm so glad it didn't have a face.  




 Young "Il Mostro" be looking fly as hell.  




 "I'd say the homoeroticism is more me just cackling in the editing room, as opposed to something that the characters are genuinely feeling when they're in the room with one another," Fuller explains.

*"Valentine written on a broken man."*

*"I do feel closer to Hannibal here. God only knows where I would be without him. He left us his broken heart. He knew we could come."*

Ok yeah Bryan Fuller, heterosexual male friendship my ass.  




 That was Guillermo Del Toro level creature horror, especially when it was getting birthed.  




 I loved the last scene... Will instinctively knowing that Hannibal was still in the church. Seeking him out down below and ultimately forgiving him. 

Also, the way Will said buon notte (and then faded into the shadows) made a serious shiver go through my spine.  




 Inspector Pazzi, you should really listen to Will. He good at predicting these things. RIP.  




 *"This is the only place I could make for you."*

RIP, Abigail. Welcome, Head!Abigail. 




 Can we take a moment to discuss that Guillermo Del Toro level horror creature? Half Wendigo Half Man Half Demon.  




 Dear Bryan Fuller, thank you so very deeply for making us relive our past traumas and broken hearts. 

We're going to eat you... slowly.  

With love, 
Fannibals.  




 Did anyone else notice NBC blurring out the nether regions of a 500 year old painting tonight? But not the murdered, skinned, decapitated, twisted, and chopped up human remains.  




 The way Will said buon notte (and then faded into the shadows) made a serious shiver go through my spine.  




 This surgery autopsy scene is really disturbing.  




 *"This is the only place I could make for you."* 

Yup, she's dead. Head!Abigail.  




 Egad Hannibal was creeping!! 




 *"This is the only place I could make for you."* 

Yup, she's dead. Head!Abigail.  




 *"This is the only place I could make for you."* 

Yup, she's dead. Head!Abigail.  




 *"I do feel closer to Hannibal here. God only knows where I would be without him. He left us his broken heart. He knew we could come."* 

Ok yeah Bryan Fuller heterosexual male friendship my ass... this is def post breakup angst.  




 Ok this is thoroughly horrifying. WTF is this manwendigodemon creature? 




 *Valentine written on a broken man.* 




 Oh come on no pendulum??  




 Is it just me or is NBC blurring out the nether regions of a 500 year old painting?  




 My prediction: Will will "kill" her in his mind for the third, thus finally accepting that his and Hannibal's relationship is over and he will put Hannibal away.  




 *"We are not making television. We are making a pretentious art film from the 80s."* - Bryan Fuller  




 Young Hannibal be looking swank.  




 The dude did not greet or acknowledge Abigail at all. Definitely Head!Abigail.  




 I think we're seeing Head!Abigail right now :(  




 She still hasn't interacted with anyone who isn't Will. It's Head!Abigail.  




 I still think she's dead. 




 There's an interview where Bryan Fuller said the network basically had issue with a bare buttock being shown on screen (because omg nudity). But apparently they were ok with it as long as it was covered in blood and you couldn't actually tell it was a nude butt. O.o Welcome to Murica.  




 I was just getting coming to acceptance with that. :( Now we're reliving it.  




 GODDAMNIT. WHAT IS THIS COMMERCIAL BREAK? 




 My theory is that she invited Anthony (Tom Wisdom) to Florence just wanted to see how Hannibal would react/what would happen when he was uncovered as an imposter.  




 LOL love it.  




 This is adorable.  




 Is it bad that now I'm super stoked for a super risque and probably disturbing sex scene? 

Thanks for sharing that!  




 I think it was for that last line about Hannibal being lonely and wishing it was Will Graham dining with him. It further helps the viewer understand how much Hannibal wanted Will's friendship and how much it cut him when he was betrayed. It also leads up to the Hannibal broken heart scene at the very end of the episode.  




 Ugh that would be absolutely morbid. I suppose I would still eat it as long as he was going to let me go after dinner... and not slowly chop me up and eat me like Gideon.  




 Yeah he's so smug with Gideon all the time. Calling him an animal, eating him, feeding him to himself, and basically all around tormenting him with the fact that he's going to kill him slowly and horribly... and then Gideon turns it all around on Hannibal with one line. And Hannibal's just like goddamnit.  




 I mean - intellectually, it's just meat right?   




 The look she gives Hannibal and then the smug look Hannibal gives her back.  




 He thought the two of them could become friends or co-conspirators or something, but little did he know that Hannibal is still suffering from a broken heart from the last friendship he tried to create.  




 It's one of my favorite parts of the show. There's such a polished film quality to this show and especially this episode with parts shot in 2.35:1.  




 The opening scenes were insanely well shot, especially considering low light conditions and moving bike. I knew we were going to be for a good one from the beginning.  




 Agreed! 




 I hadn't planned on it, but if there's enough interest - definitely!  




 First off, happy cake day! 

And yes, completely agree on the food! The show always makes me so hungry, tonight's episode in particular.  




 I'm huge television junkie and I consider Hannibal to be the best show on air right now. 

I also basically just did a detailed rewatch of this episode while taking these screenshots. So many more beautiful scenes, but even after I trimmed it down I had so many images.  




 The art, direction and cinematography on this show is first class. The European setting really adds another layer to the atmosphere of the show - heavy, ornate, and so perfectly Hannibal.  




 I am here to deliver: http://www.reddit.com/r/HannibalTV/comments/38mn24/hannibal_s03e01_art_direction_cinematography_in/ 









 In no particular order: 

* Fantastic acting   casting, particularly for Mads Mikkelsen as Hannibal and Hugh Dancy as Will 
* Beautiful cinematography
* Amazing art direction (and creativity around the murder tableaus)
* Best sound and music I've heard on a TV show ever - eerie and atmospheric
* Dark, gothic sets and costumes (especially the color palettes) 
* Bryan Fuller
* Well written and well paced

Also because: 

* The exploration of the friendship between Hannibal and Will 
* The exploration of the pathological psyche of Will Graham and the killers he pursues 
* It's not afraid to push the boundaries of art, graphic violence, and dark stories on network television  




 *"Oysters, acorns, and masala... It's what ancient Romans would feed their livestock to improve their flavor."* 

That moment when Bedelia realizes why Hannibal's feeding her what he's feeding her.  









 Wow...  




 Especially the part when he burns Hannibal with one limb left. 

*"If only that company could be Will Graham."* 




 All I have to say is... such a shame it wasn't that kind of party.  




 Did anyone find the flashback scenes with Abel Gideon really really morbid? An awful cannibal, limb hacking countdown to death.  




 Put something on that wicked BURN. Abel Gideon calling Hannibal out with only one limb left. 

Doesn't poor lonely Hannibal wish he could be dining with Will Graham?  




 I think it's great that the two of them are on shows back to back with each other right now. Plus they're returning for X-files soon.  
























 His character/writing has definitely gotten more humorous this season. After all, he has gotten some of the best one liners on the show. 

"Spitters are quitters, and you don't look like a quitter to me." 
"...waving your vagina around like a loaded gun." 




 I think Will officially has a more violent relationship with Chiyo than Hannibal. She pushed him off a train and then shot him. And all Hannibal did was a little stabbing...  




 "And what do we say to the God of death?" 

"Not today." 

Bedelia channeling her best Arya Stark.  




 I think there's something wrong with all of us who are enjoying the hell out of this show. Welcome to the club :)  




 He has been fantastic, especially in tonight's episode. Love his deliveries of his lines (which he has so many great ones.) I was sold on Joe Anderson 1 or 2 episodes ago on the line "good as new" after his surgery. Such snark.  




 It was so well acted too. There was so much joy in Hannibal at seeing Will again, in the flesh, but they were so restrained with each other. They seemed almost like friends again... 

They were so civil with each other that it almost blindsided me when Will pulled that knife out to stab Hannibal later. Though I guess it makes sense,  




 Every week the level of film making on this show astounds me. Loved the scene where Chiyo and Jack just silently seize each other up. So subtle. But spoke volumes.  




 It was almost a mirror of the scene when he stabbed Will at the end of season 2 as well.  




 Mason and Margot raising a child could be a hilarious sitcom titled Two and A Half Vergers. 

Spin off anyone?  




 Best kaleidoscope sex scene I've ever seen.   




 Welp, at least they didn't noticeably blur out Botticelli's painting this time.  




 More sassy Bedelia tonight on Hannibal. 

*"I have not marinated long enough for your tastes."* 

I really expected her to get offed by Hannibal, but it looks like she's gonna pull through alright. I guess she's survived this long because she can go toe to toe with Hannibal any day. Remember that quip about his sister? 

  




 So everyone has basically been too busy tripping over themselves to try and kill Hannibal alone that they are all basically thwarting each other. Great teamwork guys.  




 Damn Alana gets all the best sex scenes. 

NBC giving HBO and USA a run for their money.  




 Noooo.... must savor the remaining episodes.  




 Seriously right?  




 This is a good theory except if you go watch or read any of the interviews Bryan has given about his 6-7 season vision of Hannibal.  




 This trailer music. 




 Bryan Fuller stop fucking with us.  




 AGH he just sliced Jack's Achilles's tendon.  




 FUCK!  




 Yeah, Hannibal's totally marinating Will right now.  




 Alanna gets all the great sex scenes.  




 Or a hilarious sitcom... it could be called Two and A Half Vergers.  




 10/10 great with rice  




 Holy shit Will was about to stab Hannibal.  




 Will is not buying this shit for a minute.  




 I know right? Giving HBO a run for their money.  




 I really hope he doesn't find out about Elliot's shady activities. I really like Gideon and I don't want Elliot to have to ruin his life or otherwise set him up for something.  




 Uh, not to mention the bdsm with a pregnant lady. Or beating up homeless people for money.  




 I know right? Beating up homeless people for money, gay sex, and bdsm with a pregnant lady. DAMN USA. Giving HBO a run for their money.  




 Wow this was a crazy episode - beating up homeless people for money, gay sex, and bdsm with a pregnant lady. DAMN USA. Giving HBO a run for their money.  




 Mullholland Drive is pretty famous street in LA. It's been featured in a bunch of movies, etc.  




 LOL... I had the exact thought this week. They were being rather subtle about it in the previous weeks and then we just get bludgeoned over the head with it this week. 

Also, that just made me remember that creepy photographer guy following Paul who was up to no good.  




 Haha, at least Sorkin's stuff flows well as spoken dialogue. Some of this dialogue was just painful and awkward to listen to.  




 Yeah those were definitely the lines where I was like just a tad too much Nic, just a tad too much.  




 I sort of missed Lera Lynn being in the background of the bar scenes with Ray and Frank this week.  




 *"It's medicine... for my eyes."* 

Lol. Also HBO filling their nudity quota.  




 TIL that holy crap Vince Vaughn is HUGE. He towered over Taylor Kitsch in that club scene.  




 *"You can keep your rings on. It won't matter to me."*

That escalated quickly...

Hey, put some feelers out on this guy... I'm gonna rip out your fucking grill.  




 Did anyone feel like the writing was getting a little too verbose for actual spoken dialogue in this episode? I thought it was especially noticeable and jarring in this week's episode - for example, the scene where Vince Vaughn's wife is trying suck him off or a few of the lines that he says to Ray at the bar. 
 




 Loved the opening of tonight's episode, especially with the lights gradually turning bluer and bluer. 

I could definitely dig more David Lynch type scenes... would add to the magic realism/trippy mysticism element of this season. 
 




 Holy crap - Vince Vaughn is HUGE. He towered over Taylor Kitsch in that club scene.  




 That escalated quickly. 

Hey, put some feelers out on this guy... I'm gonna rip out your fucking grill.  




 
Loved that opening, especially with the lights gradually turning bluer and bluer. 

I could definitely dig more David Lynch type scenes... would add to the magic realism/trippy mysticism element of this season. 




 Did anyone feel like the writing was getting a little too verbose for actual spoken dialogue in this episode? I thought it was especially noticeable and jarring in this week's episode - for example, the scene where Vince Vaughn's wife is trying suck him off or a few of the lines that he says to Ray at the bar. 
 




 Agreed. I think Ani is one of the best female characters on TV right now. We just don't get very many strong, damaged, imperfect female characters. And especially not ones where their sex appeal was not one of their main characteristics.  




 More freeway shots!  




 Ah... riot buck shot. That explains the no blood and aliveness.  




 Did he get shot with like a pellet gun or something? I feel like he should have died.  




 Yup it is.  




 Thank you - you're awesome!  




 Anyone have a youtube link for this promo? Or another link that I can save?  




 Confirming that the entire novel was covered by the show.  




 Mozart's Requiem.  




 They don't. This was Bryan Fuller's original plan but then he realized they would have to do a few filler episodes to stretch Europe out over an entire season so he opted to do condense two seasons into one. (This was prior to the scripts for this season getting written.)  




 Hannibal probably catches him and drugs him to keep him there.  




 Agreed. Pazzi's shortened development was probably a victim of the fact that Fuller folded two seasons into what we are currently watching. Hannibal was originally supposed to spend an entire season on the run in Europe. I'm sure there just wasn't enough time for everything.  




 Probably the result of a shortened season. They were originally supposed to spend an entire season in Europe with Hannibal on the loose, but Fuller folded the Europe season and Red Dragon into one.  




 That fruit knife also made the scene SO uncomfortable. It was constantly just in frame, like a warning.  




 I was a little miffed that Pazzi got offed so soon (since they have 2 more Europe episodes). I mean if the man has really been chasing and obsessing over Hannibal since he was a young man, and was warned by Will, and then caught up on all the gory details (between the news and Jack), and somehow thought meeting Hannibal alone on his turf was a good idea then... I just don't know man. :/  




 I appreciated the nod/homage to the original but I did think it was just a bit heavy handed in that scene. I remember the bowels in or bowels out line vividly from the Hannibal movie so that's where my mind instantly jumped to. Though I didn't dislike it.  




 The only thing that jumped out for me was when he was about to kill Pazzi... "Bowels in bowels out" was definitely in the movie/book. Though the set up of that entire scene was very similar how the 2001 Hannibal movie did it - the cart he was strapped to, the crank arm thing, etc 




 Also nice nod to Hannibal there when Jack removes his shoes and sneaks up behind Hannibal.  




 The man is a god - James Hawkinson http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0370258/ 




 He was probably still riding a bit of the adrenaline high he got from killing Pazzi too. 

I mean... *"Bowels in or bowels out?"* 




 Ok not going to lie - I usually love the musical choices on the show... but that song in the fight was just a little too humorous/upbeat for me. Anyone else feel the same way?  




 Also loved the look he gave Hannibal when he sees Pazzi hanging out of the window. Just a "so tired of this shit" look.  




 There are means of influence other than violence *winkwink* 

Oh ~~Chiyo~~ Bryan Fuller...  




 Mason taking sass to a whole another level this ep. 

*"Spitters are quitters, and you don't strike me as a quitter."* 

*"Toodle loo!"*

And Alanna is not mincing any words. 

*"...selling him into torture and death."*

*"Hannibal's going to kill him you know."* 




 That was some straight up Game of Thrones shit with Chiyo and Will tonight.  




 *"Ciao, Bella."*

The image of Bella's ashes spreading like gold dust was so beautiful. 

Also Jack's ring as it breaks the waters surface - shattering the smooth tension of the water with great cacophony.  









 There are means of influence other than violence *winkwink*  




 Ok not going to lie, I usually love the musical choices on the show... but that song in the fight was just a little too humorous/upbeat for me. 




 WTF?? 




 Favorite place I've ever been to. Was already planning my return trip the first time I went there.  




  Bryan Fuller and DeLaurentiis Co. have been very candid that it's amazon's to lose.

This. Please Amazon.  




 That was a fantastic promo - the song in the background is so haunting.  




 This needs to be upvoted higher. 




 Felt like that second one was really to kill hope in the viewer. :/  




 Felt like that second one was really to kill hope in the viewer. :/  




 They were very pretty shots though.  




 Guest star?  




 The scene/dialogue between Ray and Ani in car was great overall.  




 I'd be ok with this. I'm really digging her character.  




 Well the guy in next week's promo did sound vague... maybe there's a chance he didn't die... or HBO just being bastards.  




 Bulletproof vest... maybe? 1% chance?  




 I thought he was too far gone to gain redemption, but was looking forward to watch him at least try. 

EDIT: Apparently according to a screen cap from one of the season trailers, he's still alive. Also, in the next episode promo, the detective only refers to Ray as "one of his detective getting shot"... so I'm guessing he's still alive. Way too much unresolved story arc and wasted character development there otherwise. 




 Nic Pizzolatto really likes Lera Lynn huh... wonder if she'll be making an appearance every episode. Not that I'm complaining. 
 




 There seems like there's some weird sexual dysfunctions with both Rachel McAdams and Taylor Kitsch's characters. Definitely interested in Antigone's past. 
 




 Can we take a moment to discuss how good Vince Vaughn was in this episode? Really hope he starts doing more dramatic or villianous roles in the future.  
 




 Holy crap, did they really just off Colin Farrell like that? Guess no emmy there :( Also that crow bird man was creepy as fuck.  




 HOLY SHIT? 




 The dialogue in this episode was pretty fantastic as well.

*Friendship with Hannibal is blackmail elevated to love.*

*Mutually unspoken pact to ignore the worst in one another to enjoy the best.*

 









 One's Abigail.  




 I really loved the scene in tonight's episode when Will tells Alana he just wants to be alone and the camera pans over to Abigail and they share a moment together. 

Too many onions. :(  




 I love it, but I fear it does not bode well for her long term health.  




 Loved his delivery of the line "good as new!"  




 Loved his delivery of the line "good as new!"  




 Let's not forget Alana's snark either. 

*"I've always enjoyed the word defenestration... now I get to use it in casual conversation."* 




 Guess who's back? Back again? Chilton's back. Tell a friend.

But seriously, Chilton was back with a vengeance. Faced off with a loony. Snarked about Hannigram. Assembled the team. Copyrighted Hannibal the Cannibal.  




 I absolutely loved the new confident and vengeful Alanna.  




 I couldn't help but think of the Lera Lynn song from True Detective - "This is My Least Favorite Life".

Or Community's darkest timeline.

This is the darkest outcomes for everyone. Crippled. Maimed. Seperated. Broken. Dead. :( 




 Agreed. TIL I would have never made it as a surgeon.  




 On tonight's episode of Hannibal... Welcome to the Hannibal Victim Support Group!
http://orig00.deviantart.net/2d23/f/2014/149/2/4/hannibal_victim_support_group_by_ekzotik-d7k6f40.png  




 Also TIL good thing I never studied medicine because that face grafting scene made me horribly queasy.  




 I think we've relived Mizumono like 2-3 times now? Urgh. 









 *Friendship with Hannibal is blackmail elevated to love.* 

*Mutually unspoken pact to ignore the worst in one another to enjoy the best.* 

Gah the dialogue of this episode!   




 
On tonight's episode of Hannibal... Welcome to the Hannibal Victim Support Group! 

http://orig00.deviantart.net/2d23/f/2014/149/2/4/hannibal_victim_support_group_by_ekzotik-d7k6f40.png   




 "Good as new!" -Mason Verger  




 
I couldn't help but think of the Lera Lynn song from True Detective - "This is My Least Favorite Life".

Or Community's darkest timeline. 

This is the darkest outcomes for everyone. Crippled. Maimed. Seperated. Broken. Dead. :(  




 I'm loving this new confident and vengeful Alanna. 




 Did Hannibal send flowers?  




 Damn... that's almost morbid then.  




 I like this.  




 Will wanted to run away with Hannibal.  




 DEJA VU 




 I'll show you mine if you'll show me yours.  









 And the best part is that the movie is literally called "Cat Samurai".  




 Looks really pretty! Can I get in without being a student? Or borrow from the library?  
























 Agreed! Ian McShane was so good in it! It was a shame it got cancelled so quickly - I think it would have fared a little better in this day and age. 




 No, but will have to check it out!  




 +1 for all of these movies  




 +1 Kiss Kiss Bang Bang - fantastic chemistry between the leads. Also RDJ being pretty awesome and hilarious.  




 +1 for Children of Men. Way grittier than I expected.  




 Agreed. Personally I put Prisoners above Inciendies in terms of Denis Villeneuve movies, but only by a slight bit.  




 District 9 really surprised me when I watched it. It was definitely not what I expected. I don't know if it was mismarketed or I just wasn't paying attention to the trailers when they came out, but it was great.  




 Absolutely! Martin Mcdonagh is an amazing writer. Still need to read Pillowman, but I'll get around to it one of these days.  




 Harry Brown is highly recommended if you like Michael Cain.  




 City of God is such a fantastic film, so different from what you'd see from American cinema.  




 I know it's said again and again, but I absolutely love In Bruges. The writing and acting is really top notch.  




 Going with a fantasy theme here: 

You've probably heard of American Gods

You might have heard of The Amulet of Samarkand

You probably haven't heard of Lies of Locke Lamora

You've never heard of Ruins of Ambrai 

 




 This reminds me that I really need to watch Orphan Black.  




 Love Fargo - have you seen the series (not a remake of the movie)?  




 Love Shaolin Soccer (and all kung fu movies). Have you seen Kung Fu Hustle (also by Stephen Chow)?  




 Love Gattaca. And Primer is so innovative and it's amazing how low budget the movie was. Makes me wish that extreme indie movies like that were more of a thing. I feel like there are alot of people out there who could be producing some amazing little gems like that.  




 Love Rock n Rolla. Such a shame all of the actors in it really blew up and Guy Ritchie wasn't able to get the gang back together for the sequel.  




 You've probably heard of The Shield

You might have heard of Carnivale

You probably haven't heard of Terriers

You've never heard of Kings 




 Agreed! And the cinematography! I also really enjoy the fact that characters speak in Cantonese, Shanghainese, (and French I think) - it really adds to the setting and realism of the movie.  




 Stolen shamelessly from /r/music and /r/manga. Those threads turned up some great gems, let's hear everyone's favorites. 




 You've probably heard of Prisoners 

You might have heard of Miller's Crossing

You probably haven't heard of In the Mood for Love

You've never heard of Le Samourai 




 Stolen shamelessly from /r/music and /r/manga. Those threads turned up some great gems, let's hear everyone's favorites. 




 Stolen shamelessly from /r/music and /r/manga. Those threads turned up some great gems, let's hear everyone's favorites.  




 It's a good gateway manga for guys who are otherwise wary of the typical shoujo fare (ie high school romance drama/comedy). I think it's almost a little unfair to label Basara as shoujo (just because of the label it's published under), it's really first and foremost a fantasy genre manga imo. 

Also, for those who read and like Basara, Anatolia Story (aka Red River) is similar though it has a tad bit more romance if memory serve (it's been at least 10 years since I read that haha). 

Ah the nostalgia...   




 Agreed - I think most people get turned off by the "shoujo" tag, but it's really a sweeping fantasy epic with tons of action, drama, and tragedy.  




 Cast of season 2 looks fucking fantastic. Main cast of Patrick Wilson, Kirsten Dunst, Jean Smart, Ted Danson, and Jesse Plemons (Meth Damon). And supporting includes Jeffrey Donovan   Bruce Campbell (Burn Notice), Nick Offerman, Brad Garrett... the list goes on. This is gonna be AMAZEBALLS.  




 Agreed - I loved S1 of Fargo and I thought the only misstep was the ending, which was way too cliche/neat. For how menacing and a force of nature that Marvo was the entire first season, he really should have just escaped into the open at the end of the season... not just get shot by Colin Hanks...  




 Completely agreed. Cast looks fucking fantastic. Main cast of Patrick Wilson, Kirsten Dunst, Jean Smart, Ted Danson, and Jesse Plemons (Meth Damon). And supporting includes Jeffrey Donovan   Bruce Campbell (Burn Notice), Nick Offerman, Brad Garrett... the list goes on. This is gonna be AMAZEBALLS.  




 Love the Wars of Light and Shadow. One of the first fantasy series I read when I was a kid. Agree with most of the points here about how it's epic and mostly serious. But it's an incredible read and you will really sympathize with the main character.  




 Love the Trickster series! Highly recommended.  




 You've probably heard of Rurouni Kenshin

You might have heard of Parasyte

You probably haven't heard of Basara

You've never heard of Billy Bat (same author as Monster and 20th Century Boys)  




 During the season 2 finale, when Alana first comes into the house and discovers Hannibal trying to break down the pantry door to get to Jack, he tells Alana that if she leaves now he won't make any plans to call on her.  




 And then after you see that, I recommend you watch the other Martin Mcdonough and Colin Farrell movie - Seven Psychopaths. Very different from In Bruges, but still very good.  




 This makes me think of when someone asked Hugh Dancy if he thought Will was a funny guy and he replied "Yes, I think Will is a funny guy, he's just going through a very unfunny period in his life."  




 Unfortunately for him it seems like Nic Pizzolato gives him the most verbose lines of dialogue in the show. I feel like Vince tries to make them work to the best of his abilities, but there's only so much you can do with lines like that.  




 I like how it ties into the episode title "Other Lives" as well.  




 That look that crosses his face as the knowledge that he killed some random guy for Frank dawns him was amazing.  




 Huge "Oh shit!" moment for me. Also, amazing acting from Colin Farrell. 

 




 Colin Farrell is amazing when he's given the right material. He absolutely blows it away in In Bruges if you haven't seen that.  




 I can't wait to see the confrontation between Ray and Frank next episode as well.  




 Completely agreed - best ep so far this season imo.  




 I'm hoping he'll be able to stick it to that actress chick who was accusing him of improper sexual misconduct. Though if that happens, it'll be revealed that he's gay and there will be fallout with his soon to be wife.  




 Yeah the dialogue was only over the top once or twice this episode. And not terribly noticiably so.  




 He also may or may not have beat that psychaitrist to death.  




 She's really gonna hate herself if something happens.  




 Ray really beat the shit out of that dude. I wonder if he's still alive.  




 I think this has been the best episode of season 2 so far.  




 I think this has been the best episode of season 2 so far.  




 Because it's so absurd and Will is like am I the only one here sane enough to realize this.  




 The little pigs hanging above the bed were also super creepy.  




 Loved Hannibal's epic faces of smug this episode. He was just so fucking pleased looking this entire episode. Everytime Cordell and Mason talked about chopping him up and cooking him, he was just so delighted with how much thought and creativity they had put into it. 

Also, his look of pride and amusement when Will bit off Cordell's face.  




 RIP Mason Verger. 

I'm going to miss Joe Anderson a lot (though I'm really looking forward to Richard Armitage as Francis Dolarhyde) - Mason was especially fun and smarmy this episode. Loved his exchanges with Will at the dining table. 

*"You could wreck some foster homes and torment some children."* 

*"And drink martinis made with tears."* 

*"No pajama party for you Mr. Graham."* 
 




 I loved the scene in this episode where Hannibal frees himself. That look on his face full of triumph and promised death... so perfect. It's a shame we didn't get to see him actually rescue Will and kill all the guards in the Mason household.  




 I love that even though Alana has been bent on revenge this season, so far as to throw her lot in with Mason Verger, she still risks her own life by freeing Hannibal in order to promise him to save Will. Unfortunately, I totally think Hannibal is going to keep his promise to her and kill her during the second half of the season.  




 *"You're going to eat him... with my face..."* 

I laughed SO hard at this line. Poor Will, he's really just had enough of it all. 
 




 Added!  









 Yes absolutely. The show is either original material, a "remix" or expansion of the source material. Though, we still don't know how closely Red Dragon will follow the book. That's the only thing  that may be a close adaptation.  




 Hannibal was just so fucking pleased and smug looking this entire episode. Everytime Cordell and Mason talked about chopping him up and cooking him, he was just so delighted with how much thought and creativity they had put into it. 









 Nope, it was up from the beginning. Also you can't edit post titles.  




 The Hunt is a great movie and Mads' is incredible in it. (In fact, he won Best Actor at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival for it.) 

It's also interesting to see him act in his native language.  




 Yup. And he's so over all the over the top shit he has been through because of Hannibal as well.  




 I think it would have been cool if it were actually Will who had manipulated Hannibal into turning himself in peacefully by rejecting him. But I think it was just Hannibal being a dick.  




 And Will looked like he was so tired of this shit all the time because of Hannibal.  




 I wanted to believe that Will manipulated Hannibal into turning himself in peacefully by rejecting him. But I think Hannibal just turned himself in to spite Will.  




 Made of me think of that expression that Jack had on him when he sees Pazzi hanging there with his guts hanging out. Will was sooo tired of this shit in this ep.  









 I'm a little bummed out that Hannibal just turned himself in... especially after he was so pissed that Will would deny him his freedom in last season's finale and went on a bender to essentially prevent himself from getting caught. 

I understand Hannibal is doing it to try and have the last laugh with Will, especially after Will "breaks up" with him. But it just seems so out of character for him. Unless... Will actually manipulated Hannibal into turning himself in by pretending to not care about him and using his need for Will's attention against him. THAT I could get behind 100%.  




 Completely agreed. While I'm happy with the decision because that means we'll get to see Red Dragon on screen (I was fairly sure that season 3 was going to be Hannibal's last even before it aired). But so many of these points are right on the money. The pacing of the first half of this season was definitely off and it could have been better allocated in the first 2-3 eps.  




 I also a little bummed out that Hannibal just turned himself in... especially after he was so pissed that Will would deny him his freedom in last season's finale. Plus, a huge part of his character is his hatred of being caged.  




 I'm going to miss Joe Anderson as Mason Verger - he was so fun and smarmy this episode. Especially loved his exchange with Will at the dining table. 

*"You could wreck some foster homes and torment some children."* 

*"And drink martinis made with tears."* 

*"No pajama party for you Mr. Graham."* 

 




 I love that even though Alana was bent on revenge, so far as to throw her lot in with Mason Verger, that she risks her own life by freeing Hannibal in order to promise him to save Will.  




 Aww Will... don't you know that spitters are quitters.  









 I thought he was going to find her at the end of the episode after he rescues Will and be all like "I always keep my promises" and kill her, but I guess he's going to do it somehow via the Tooth Fairy or after he escapes in the Silence of the Lambs story.  




 Hannibal was just so fucking pleased this entire episode. Everytime Cordell and Mason talked about chopping him up and cooking him, he was just so delighted with how much thought and creativity they had put into it.  




 *"You're going to eat him... with my face..."* 

I laughed SO hard at this line.   




 Oh I like this. 




 More like at 11:05 PM tonight.  




 Amazing. Thanks for sharing.  




 Thanks - I'm glad you're enjoying them! Unfortunately, that was the weekend of July 4th and I just super busy. If I have time I'll try to go back and do that episode, but real life just gets in the way sometimes. :) 




 God bless cable TV, where they don't give a flying fuck about "mature" content.

And god bless the golden age of television, may it never die.  




 I love them. So meta.  




 I was totally expecting them to kiss! Which is why I was really thrown off when they didn't and Angela and Shayla kissed in like literally the next scene.  




 Agreed. Great cinematography (and lighting too!) I especially like the way they frame people - which is purposely cut out the other person they're talking to and frame them tight in a corner with wide behind them or above them. It really adds to the feel of the show.  




 I love the title screen of this show. I always look forward to what they're going to do for the scene every week.  




 And helps your tightly wound friend let loose a little.  




 Agreed - amazing acting, interesting characters, great writing, novel concept, unreliable narrator, and great cinematography to boot.  




 I didn't think he was fake until the episode where he pushed Elliot off the railing and landed him in the hospital and there was literally no repercussions or confrontations and everyone thought Elliot had tried to kill himself or something. Which made me wonder with all of the unreliable narrator stuff if Mr. Robot was all in Elliot's head space. And then after the thought crossed into my mind, I literally could not unsee from the show.  




 Raspberry Pi 




 Also loved the commercial of Mr. Robot playing during Mr. Robot. Definitely made me do a double take.  




 I cannot believe there's a show on USA, or any network, where there is a 5 minute hallucinatory conversation featuring the main character and a beta fish that ended with that line. Just fantastic.  

Love this show.  




 Angela 2K15 does E and stays out all night and makes out with girls. Just releasing some of that pent up stress.  




 And it was an awesome, visceral trip. 




 Those were pretty much my thoughts when I was watching the scene. I was really excited because Mr. Robot finally interacted with someone else, but then it all turned out to be a hallucination. So we're back to square one.  




 Nope, turns out it was just a hallucination. I'm fairly convinced at this point that he's 100% Elliot's head space.  




 Wow... this was a bold episode. They pretty much spent the entire episode as one long drug withdrawal trip. I got vibes of Hannibal level  artsy-ness from this episode. Loved it.  




 Is City TV still showing it at the same time on Thursdays (10 EST)?  




 Also all area hospitals.  




 Quick someone call in Nicholas Angel. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5QIUYg5M6w 




 It's part of LA county.  




 This is a pretty good summary of what's not working well season. The dialogue is jarring to the point that it sticks out, the editing awkward as hell during some scenes (which makes me wonder if Nic is having too much say in the editing room), and a plot that's still making me scratch my head as to what the point of it all is. There's a lot of on screen talent, but they only have as much as they're given to work with. I think all of the leads have been fantastic.  




 I felt like a few of the early ones really broke the tension in the scene for me. Also, the three main characters had so much plot armor that I really didn't feel worry that they were going to get killed at all. And it didn't help that the other cops with them were just dropping like flies and I felt nothing but they were essentially cannon fodder.  




 I couldn't help but notice that as well. Wonder if this season will follow similar story beats from last season as well.  




 After last week's tongue twister dialogue, I really enjoyed this week's Frank   Ray bar session. Especially when Frank tells him to "put this cop shit to bed." Makes me wonder if Ray will toy with the idea. Also, the line "Sometimes your best self is your worst self" was pretty good and direct reference to that Lera Lynn song from ep 1.  




 Lera's back this week! Though sometimes it almost feels like it's product placement with how prominently she's featured.  




 WTF there was just a freaking massacre in the middle of LA?? That was minimum body count of 30, including like 5-6 cops.  




 During the entire shootout, I couldn't help but wonder how the scene would have turned out if Cary Fukunaga had been directing. 
 




 Agreed, I felt like there were a few too many cuts at the beginning of the scene and that kind of killed the tension a bit for me.  




 During the entire shootout, I couldn't help but wonder how the scene would have turned out if Cary Fukunaga had been directing.  




 Um WTF there was just a massacre in LA?? That was minimum body count of 30, including like 5-6 cops.  




 "Sometimes your best self is your worst self." 




 "Maybe it's time to put this cop shit to bed." Don't think I've ever heard that from a character before.  




 Yay Lera's back! 




 With his wife. I think it might have gotten censored in certain areas?  




 Something creative, where you actually produce something, such as film production, art, creative writing, etc. I was also BS in Economics in college and classes like that really make your brain work in different ways that the usual business or academic classes.  




 I really like this idea - thanks for putting this sub together. I'm in! Sent you a PM.  




 Nothing remotely close.  




 And the kaleidoscope scene (which is omitted) can be found here: https://www.reddit.com/r/HannibalTV/comments/3crg7y/the_kaleidoscope_lesbian_sex_scene/ 









 And this one too: http://i.imgur.com/QjZcgJX.png 









 Bedelia - I just wanna enjoy my high, fuck off everyone 

Jack - Fuck everyone 

Chiyo - Fuck you Will, what part of Hannibal's mine did you not understand 

Alana/Margo - ACID

Mason - Prepping his sitcom(s), Two and A Half Vergers and Dining with Mason Verger and the Yellow King 

Hannibal/Will - JUST KITH ALREADY  




 I loved that line. Also the rest of that scene. 

"You forgive how God forgives." 

"Would you have stopped to gloat?"

"Does God gloat?"

"Often." 




 Reminded me a little bit of the True Detective opening sequence. 









 More like jokes on everyone trying so damn hard to get a piece of Hannibal... Chilton's just gonna reap all the reward at the end. And he's not even in the chase!  
























