 Hi everyone!

I wanted to ask all of you about how many kits from this season of Build Fighters Try you think will be released. From the first season we got 17 HG kits plus the MG kits still being released/ to be released. How many do you think we'll get from the second season? Cheers! 
























 We're already 20 episodes in and we have yet to see Sei, Reiji, Aila, or Fellini. What do you guys think? Will we see our favorite characters before the season ends? Thanks! :) 
























 I get what you're saying, but if that was the case, why even bother bringing in Ral, Allan, Meijin, and Lucas (all characters from the first season) in the first place?   
























 With the announcement of the OVAs, do you guys think we'll get a season 3 at some point? Producer Masakazu Ogawa said they were taking a "rest" for the time being, but do you think we'll get a season 3? Excited for the OVAs nonetheless. RAGE ON GUNPLA!!! 
























 Where exactly does he say they've declined? He says they're taking a break, not that they're not going to make a season 3.  
























 Indeed, but in your honest opinion, do you think they'll make a season 3? Even if it is way down the road? 
























 Where was the shot with the Challenger taken?
 
























 2012 I believe.  
























 Hi everybody!
I downloaded the latest update last night and i was playing through the game when all of a sudden it just froze. My car froze and the road disappeared like in this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2eByv8odws. Also while i was driving through Castelleto the buildings and road starting disappearing and the game froze again. Is anybody else having this problem? Any tips to fix it? Thanks!  
























 I wanted to know if anybody else here looks up the ending to a book they're reading. I started reading paper towns and i got so anxious i looked up the ending and i instantly regretted it,  I just couldn't help myself. Does anyone else do this? Any tips on how to erase the ending from my mind? Thanks! 




 Thanks so much! we'll definitely check some of these places out. do you know of anything along the same lines to do in Boulder? Thanks for the help! :) 




 Lol. We're all able-bodied and we'd like to visit shops, parks, and other places like museums and other attractions in town. As far as outdoors goes, we're looking for some nice parks to visit so we can do some moderate hiking. Thanks for the help and sorry for the repeated vagueness.  




 Sorry for the vagueness, but we're looking for some cool local places to visit while we are in town (Denver, Boulder). We'd like to visit places that not every tourist knows about in town if that makes any sense.  




 Hi everybody, 

My family and I will be in Colorado the week of August 17. We'll be in Denver for a couple days then we'll be heading to Boulder and maybe head to Aspen. I'd really appreciate some fun places to visit in town, around, and along the way. I'd love to see some of the countryside(if anybody can recommend some places to check out) as its pretty brown in California right now. I can't wait to visit your state! Thanks again!!  




 It is kind of a bummer when all you want to do is see how fast your car can go on the freeway and you run into a npc. I get your point about horizon being a festival, but having the npc on the road does make it feel like you're actually on the road. But yes, it does get frustrating especially when all you're trying to do is drive, isn't that why we play these games? So we can drive a Ferrari without having to worry about other cars on the road?  
























