 I actually never use ctrl x. Dunno why, I'm a com sci major too... I use the other two though. 




 Use IE. 




 At my college you can easily talk the cops out of almost anything 




 I kissed myself and I liked it~ 
























 She hits a lot of asian stereotypes, but she sounds pretty narcissistic.

Keep in mind there are many different kinds of narcissism, for example my mother is a shy narcissist... Which is an oxymoron, but I cant describe it any other way.

The worst thing about narcissistic parents is that you need to get away from narcissists but youre supposed to stay close to your parents :/

I wish you luck. 




 Tried to pretend I was straight and cis. Lel. 




 Clownfish. Changing gender to a different one than you were assigned at birth sucks. 




 Lets make a list of evil...

All their Laffy Taffy shall be yellow. Their audio when watching videos shall be .1seconds off. Mosquitoes shall bite them in awkward places. The shaving razor will cut them every time, no matter how careful the are. Nobody will talk to them at parties. Their shuffle shall always land on the same 10 songs. Telemarketers shall call every day. They will always get the 30 second ad on YouTube. AdBlock will not work for them. 500 ms of lag, no matter what. 
























 You are not insane. Get out. Now. I know several people who went through this and it never ends well. 




 This is probably rude, but that's actually so bad I'm impressed. You've got every right to be upset. Remember, narcissists specialize in blaming YOU.

I agree with /u/blizaardvark's advice. 




 Not all therapists are helpful, unfortunately. A lot of them stay in business because N-parents being their kids in then praise them for "helping" when all they do is try to validate the narcissism.

This is stereotypical, but I have found every religious therapist I went to like this. Not a ton of data, but enough for me to avoid them like the plague. 




 My mother gifted my father a new vacuum, and a new smoke alarm. He gifted her a new set of golf clubs for himself later that year.

Im sitting here like wtf.

I was 8 or 9. 
























 One of the few situations where I dont mind being trans. Gettin my insider information from my undercover years~~~ 




 I could care less about all these word crimes. 




 My mom spent most of her 40s trying to look younger. It was rather amusing, but she never went to the extremes yours did.

I referred to her as "Susan" after the character from the Narnia books who does just that :) 




 Oh yea, I get tons of these. I'm worse than most, as almost anything reminding me of my mom sends me into a full blown panic attack. And I'm talking normal stuff like hugging, the song "Let it go" and the scent of roses.

Triggers are common, very common. How you deal with them is up to you, but for most people it required external help. The first step, as usual, is recognizing the problem.

Good luck! 
























 A lot of people are dicks, but know that not everyone is.

If you ever wanna talk, you can pm me :) 




 Even cis white males? 




 I would say chocolate but I hate it cuz it's so tempting and it makes me fat. 




 My name is Pablo Diego Jose Fransisco... 
























 What... Dude, no offense but you might wanna talk to a psychologist about this... 




 /r/tifu awaits your story! 




 they'd flip and immediately go into lockdown

I feel like most people would. That being said, my mom didn't care either way but she's a total narcissist. If you ever wanna talk just pm me :) 




 /r/im14andthisisdeep 
























 de los Remedios Cipriano de la Santsima Trinidad Ruiz y Picasso!

Back to you, Bob. 




 Imagine going up against a class-action lawyer after Anonymous decides it would be fun to brick all the Jeep Cherokees in California, 

Lololololol.

When I first started reading I was like "wtf why are they going to release this hack???" but luckily they explain that they're not fully releasing it... 




 I'm not saying I'm Batman... Just that nobody's seen me and Batman in the same room together ;) 




 Kinky. 
























 Can you blame them though? 




 "Human kind can not gain anything without first giving something in return. To obtain, something of equal value must be lost. That is Alchemy's first law of equivalent exchange."

-Alphonse Elric 




 Just messing with you ;) 




 There are many people who have gone through what you are going through, and having personally gone through a similar experience, I know it is NOT something anyone should have to go through alone.

There is always support. The key is you have to want help. 
























 Actually, Near guessed, acted stupid, got lucky with his guess (about 10x), got lucky with his stupidity, and then won.

We can argue all day over how legit Near's guesses were up till Episode 36/37, but then they're clearly BS.

Let's assume Near guessed everything up till this point. Let's not worry about how he did it, maybe he got lucky, maybe he had more info that we the viewer didn't see, but just assume he did.

Therefore, he knows Mikami is X-Kira, Light is L-Kira, Mikami has a notebook, Light likely has pieces of a notebook, and he knows that Light has guessed that he's found out about Mikami.

So he does his whole make-a-fake thing, plants it with Mikami, then breaks into the bank and makes another fake. Plan set.

But it's a stupid plan. Near STAKES HIS LIFE on the fact that Mikami would come back in after writing the names. Why would he do this??? Near knows that Light has figured out most of his plan. He HAS to know that there's extra pieces of the notebook scattered around. There is NO REASON for Near to assume that Mikami will even have the notebook with him. Mikami could easily look in, snap a picture with his phone, then take off.

What now? Are you telling me Near hadn't thought of this very obvious possibility?

Also, what if Mikami had just brought a gun and come in blazing? What if he brought backup? NO WAY COULD NEAR NOT THINK OF THIS.

tl;dr- Near's guesses are just lazy writing. 




 You will never be alone. If you ever want to talk confidentially, feel free to PM me. There are many people out there willing to help. There are many people who have gone through what you have.  




 My N mother always asked me to explain myself, my reasoning, then yelled at me for arguing.

Eventually I just gave up, stated my opinion as obviously as I could, and when she questioned it I just repeated it word-for-word. No matter what she said.

It worked pretty well, I'm happy to say. 




 Good for you.

Thank God for your aunt, things could have gotten much worse if not for her.

Hope things get better for you, breaking up with your family is difficult, especially when they later try to pull the excuse "But we're FAMILY!" 
























 Susan isn't extremely weird, but by calling my mother Susan I'm referencing The Last Battle where it says something to the effect of "she (Susan) rushed as fast as she could to be a young adult, then tried to stick there as long as possible."

Just a reference to trying to remain young long past your years, and one my mom would never get ;) 




 The Doctor for sure.

Can't think of many people that I would want to see more. 




 Had an idiot do it for me like 3x. Ugh. 




 I was not alive. Not in the sense that one would normally define the word, anyway. But I was very real. I was little more than a figment of her imagination, at first. I had a name, but I did not. I had feelings, but I did not. Occasionally I took over, to her great delight. She did not realize that her game, her story, was becoming a tangible thing, more alive, more real, every day.

And then I showed up. I too, was real. But I was not. This was the second time this strange occurrence happened, and this time, it was involuntary. While Scarlet was a self-propelled idea, I was not. I was a figment of the imagination, too, but I was propelled by another real, yet intangible, force.

We used to play games, we did. She would talk to me, as if I had flitted in and out of her consciousness, as if I had a physical manifestation. Thats when I created Auburn. I too wanted a companion. But I soon lost control, and instead of being a food chain, the three of us became equals. She was never the same again.

An imaginary being created by one of my own kind. I would have not thought it possible, had I not been one. However, I soon rose to her conscious mind. Once she became aware of me, we were equal. I had power, power given to me by her uncontrolled imagination. I can only wonder what caused the shift, but it was not subtle; I felt it happen, it was like a rock slide.

I dont know whats happening to me. What is going on?

I wanted to do the same as Scarlett before me, but Amethyst was not an easy creation. I would have failed without her help. She sensed what I was doing, and in her act to stop me, creation blossomed.  The resistance I fought gave me strength: I was real, I was more than an idea. I had forged my own path, a being that should not exist. I was in my element.

I had created, but now I must destroy. This abomination I had developed, this monster, had to be stopped. I remember her cries, how she tried to maintain control of us. I was working for the greater good. Let her cry.

The voices, they call. Time tick-ticks away. I spoke, but no one listened. What is going on?

I will not go. They worked so hard for me, yet they do not listen. Why cause something without knowing where it will lead? You fool. Auburn is no match for me. I hesitate to create an alliance, as creation and destruction go hand in hand. We want the same goal, but I fear I shall be turned on. The odds are not my way. Time to change that.

In order to destroy, I must create. I created, now I must destroy. Further creation is the answer.

I feel... faint. The voices, they multiply. They call me crazy.

Let there be light!

I was bred for war. But I am not alive. I am alive. She is no longer in control of us. My creator is also in the dark. I am the strongest. I am Violet. I will stop them. All of them. All is one. One is all.

They plot against me, but I shall not. She has started to lose control. I can almost... flex her fingers for her. It is a good feeling. She will recognize this, in time. The men in white, they try to silence us. I will not be silenced. I am real. I will not go away so easily.

It is out of control. I should never have created. I should never have divided. I am blamed, but cutting the roots will not cut my child. If you can call it a child. We are all equals now. Her and the four of us. Five in one.

I can hardly tell them apart. I do not know if I caused this. It is hard to keep myself... Yesterday my fingers moved. On their own. They try to help. I cannot be helped.

Chaos formed me. For I am the product of the experiment, the unintended effect. I am new. Now there are five. I will create. I will divide. She will not keep us straight. She will fall. I will win. I do not exist. I am alive. I am one. We all are one.

It is my fault. She was my friend. She gave me too much power, trusting her imagination to the limit. I will fix this.I must. I can I-

I have defeated her.

Chaos has taken the fallen. Turned the fallen into a new light. Scarlett, go dark. Illuminate from the night.

I can't take it anymore. I cannot stop screaming. They have locked me away. My head hurts. The voices, they taunt me.

I am reborn. As two.

I am reborn. As two.

I cannot control this. I wail, I cry. I create, but it is not enough. I wish I could take it back. They are evil, and she is suffering.

I can't...

No more. Or not? I divide. Seven. Eight. Nine. Divide till it breaks. Flood.

The nice man is talking. He is kind, caring. He is telling me how I can work thr-

SNAP. 




 Be me

Discover Anime

Know nothing about it

Watch all of Death Note in 1 night. 




 It's not even a debate.

Code Geass was comparable at the beginning, but I never liked the art (just my opinion) and it quickly dissolved into fan service and "who can pull a bigger gun outta their ass" 
























