









 Hey guys,

I know that heroic and normal raid instances now no longer have *instance lock* and instead have a *loot lock*. So that if you've cleared BRF, you can still do BRF on the same difficulty, you will just not get loot

Just looking for some clarification.

How does this work with extending previous weeks raid IDs? If I clear 9/10 on normal, then extend that raid ID the next week and form a raid. Would we still have all the bosses in that raid? Or would it be cleared up till the 10th boss?

Cheers in advance

edit: typos

 




 So while I didn't mind the last movie in the Hobbit triology, there was one portion of the final battle which really rustled my jimmies. **(Spoiler warning)**

It was after the face off between the 500 battle hardened dwarves and the thousands of elves. So they have a little tiff then the orc army arrives. The dwarves (hard arses as they're) form up a 3 stacked high phalanx in front of the army ("AWESOME" I thought..).

THEN, right as the orc army hit this phalanx then elves dive over the top of this wall and go into free form combat. WTF Jackson, thats just retarded. You're telling me that an army of thousands of elves can't see the tactical blunder of diving OVER a wall of phalanx'd dwarves, forcing them to break their formation? YOU DIDNT EVEN FIRE A SINGLE ARROW. Stupid. Also eagle ex machina can DIAF

Gah, pointless rant is over. 




 ...The Australia v New Zealand final will be epic? :D

Fuck me, yesterday was all over the place. After having such a good start we just feel appart. I was pretty much done when bmac started opening up. Then that final half! Oh god, my 'nus was tight. 

We've now seen how the aussies can handle a NZ pitch and crowd, lets see how NZ handles an aussie pitch and crowd! Excited as hell!!!! 




 Hey guys,

Growing up I used to get horrible nightmares. I think it was because I had an over active imagination combined with an older brother who would relentlessly try to scare the shit out of me by jumping at me from around corners at night.

Either way, I remember it actually being rather debilitating. What started happening was that I discovered a way to wake up from dreams. I would (in the dream) shut my eyes and *poof*, I was awoken. Still to this day I can still do it, normally when a dream is about to turn south.

It was not until recently that I actually started to realise what was going on, that I could become conscious to the fact that I was dreaming and thus control what was happening. Most of the time I never thought to try a control what was going on when I became aware but it meant that if shit was about to go down, I had an out.

Is this a standard thing, do most discover lucid dreaming by accident? 



















 Hey guys, 

I've been having an on going argument with someone about the main reason for why BCCI opposes using the UDRS.

The reason I keep seeing over and over again is because BCCI feel that the system is fundamentally flawed and that unless it can be 100% correct, its not worth implementing.

My friend has said that that's wrong and the REAL reason for why they oppose UDRS is because they feel its unfair to implement a system which maybe too expensive to setup in other countries.

Help us out with this disagreement, are we both right? Both wrong?

Some sources would help 



















 Did anyone else not want to have anything to do with this kid?

Everytime he appears I always choose the option to not talk to him or not reveal anything, even after everything that happened in the second episode I still am suspicious of Cerseis spies lol 



















 I've seen this quote from the 1993 outline being posted all over the place as **proof** that GRRM has lost interest and *that's* why his writing has slowed down.

I don't think this alarmist approach is correct. Read the whole paragraph in context.

**As you know, I don't outline my novels. I find that if I know exactly where a book is going, I lose all interest in writing it**. I do, however, have some strong notions as to the overall structure of the story I'm telling, and the eventual fate of many of the principle characters in the drama. Roughly speaking, there are three major conflicts set in motion in the chapters enclosed.

By omitting the first sentence of the quote you can't see that GRRMs quote is about providing detailed outlines of his story. Since we know from multiple interviews that GRRM knows the destination but not the route to get there so this is hardly him admitting defeat.

I honestly am excited by this leak, I feel... Sated. For the first time in a long time with this series. Its sadly the first piece of TWOW news (pseudo-news anyway) in a very long time. I very much doubt we'll get any more morsels till the book comes out.

 




 What the title says


That was so fucking hilarious lol 




 Hey guys,

There are a bunch of really exciting episodes coming up, but I'm still fairly new to Telltale. When they set a date for releasing an episode, what time do they normally release it? (please post replies with timezones)

I'm asking because as an aussie, this can be the difference between playing it on the day of release or days after :P 




 Hey guys,

I've been playing Pathfinder for around a month now and while I'm having a ball with my level 4 summoner I'm nearing the stage where I could use some input on building her further.

For a quick rundown (be aware, I'm going off memory - there may be some missed info), I have a level 4 half-elf natures call summoner with a bipedal rock golem eidolon. She has a master worked light xbow and a quarter staff. I've taken spell focus conjur and augment summoner as my feats. For spells I have:

*Level 1:* Grease, mage armor and lesser rejuv eidolon

*level 2:* Bull strength and haste

My eidolon is medium sized with the power attack feat and has the following evolutions:

- Imp natural def

- Imp attack (slam)

- Imp attack (claw)

- Pounce

- Reach

- Ability score increase


So with that being said, what are good choices for spells/feats/skills for future levels?

Also for eidolon evolutions, feats etc


 




 Hey guys,

A friend is about to DM a 5e campaign for us, I've been away from 5e for many months and I could use some inspiration!

Now I know its a very broad question, but I'd appreciate any cool character concepts you've worked with. Or any battle tested characters!
 




 Hey,

So I've finally gotten to The West Wing in my list of shows to watch and I've since been binge watching it. After the second episode I instantly got addicted to it, they did such a good job of establishing characters **quickly**, so I was already invested in them that early on.

Not many shows can do that. So anyway, I literally *just* finished season 4 and I'm itching for my work day to finish so I can rush home and find out what happens with Zoey. (please no spoilers)

Just thought I would muse out loud about how impressive the show is, The Wire has a challenger for best drama.

What are the remaining seasons like in comparison?

I've also developed a drinking game with 1 rule which will get you fucked up.

1) Any time someone knocks on a door interrupting a conversation and enters, take a drink.

Seriously, it happens a lot. 




 Hey guys, 

Our group finally had its first Pathfinder session yesterday and it was so much fun I figured I would regale you with the session! Holy shit, 2900 words. This is a big one.

Just as background, we were following a unnamed pre-made campaign so don't drop spoilers please :). We have a total of 6 PC's (due to working schedules, some cant always make it) and due to several of us never having played Pathfinder, we opt'd for something a little bit more fun when it came to character creation..... Completely random! 

Several of us randomed gender, class, race, archytype etc. Fuck it made some fun creations. Luckily for me, I rolled a half-elf summoner which just so happens to be rather ideal. Unfortunately one of our PC's rolled a female gnome samurai! Our GM was nice enough to allow some changes to make the fluff/stats work (removed the gnomes -2 str by adding some fun fluff about the character).

So after all that we ended up with the following team:

- Half-elf summoner with a bipedal rock golem named Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson
- Chilaxian magus
- Gnome samurai riding his wolf steed of doom
- Half orc druid with his pet gorilla called Mojo Jojo
- Gnome oracle
- Dwarf alchymist (away for the session)

Quite a team right? Our 7 hour first session started in the large city known as Korvosa, we all had to write our own personal reasons for being in the city and were also given a connection to an evil man named Gaedran. Varying from being responsible for selling our druid and his gorilla or from being connected to the murderer of the summoner's father, this was a bad dude.

The story begins with an explanation for each of us by the GM that we all have received a mysterious card in some fashion which explains very briefly that they know how Gaedran has wronged them and that we should meet at 6pm at this address.

Driven by revenge and hatred all of the party converged at this rather suave house by 6pm to be met by an open door and a note explaining that Zolara will be returning shortly and to make ourselves at home. What a strange room this was, regal and elaborate tapestries and expensive furniture was all over the house. The group of misfits all meet each other for the first time (minus the oracle and the samurai, the players had not arrived IRL yet).

Some shakey introductions were said, as it turns out a rock golem and a gorilla in a strangers living room make for a great social lubricant. The magus feels a strange magical presence with the room, specifically the walls. Hes not sure what to make of this strange magical feeling.

Zolara finally appears after we've all gotten to know each other, she explains how Gaedran has wronged her and taken all she holds dear, a family Tarot (cant remember the actualy name) deck of cards. She explains how we have all been wronged by the same man who appears to be above the law and has escaped justice for too long. She has charged us with a quest to seek out this horrible man and end his reign of terror, our party is supplied with the address of his known base of operations. "Whats in it for us" states the reward hungry magus. Zolara explains that she cannot pay us for our services but we're welcome to anything we loot from Gaedran's hideout and she is willing to tell our fortunes for us.

After we all have had our fortunes told, we agree to take out this evil bastard who has made our lives worse in some way. Gaedran's hideout is a merchants warehouse which hangs over the city's river. As the party reaches the outskirts of the hideout. We devised a plan. The magus will sneak to one side of the building to try to peak in through the borded up windows, the summoner would do the same on the other side and the druid will check the back of the house.

The druid discovered that the deck which hangs over the river has a door leading inside of the building, after telling the summoner he would climb up the hatch with his gorrilla and attack the house from within after we came in through the front. He was just awaiting our signal.

Neither the summoner or magus could seem to get a good look in the windows. After a failed attempt to climb to the roof, the magus asks Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson for a boost onto the room to peer in. While the rock golem rolled well for a strength test, the magus rolled poorly on an acrobatic test which caused him to almost fall off the roof. "Roll a perception test" the GM asks, both the summoner and magus are told "You hear a loud splash". We both are busy so we think nothing of it. What was that splash? It was the sound of a massive half orc druid being retarded and falling into the water after trying to climb under the deck.

"Roll a perception test" the GM tells the druid while smiling like an idiot. "There is a shark rushing towards you :)". Oh fuck, the druid frantically tries to get to the waters edge, after rolling poorly on swim tests, the druid is stuck mere feet from safety before the shark attacks him and takes a chunk of HP off him. He tries to attack the shark to little avail. His gorilla bravely jumps on the shark to try to save his master. After a battle where both druid and companion finally defeat the shark, the fatigue of battle took its toll on them and after several attempts to swim back to shore blood was in the water. The druid didn't know it, but another shark was hot on their trail. The druid finally reaches the shore just in time, 1 more turn and the shark would've reached him.

After finally reaching the shore, his critically injured gorilla is told to convalesce on the shore while he returns to help with the seige. During all of this, the magus gently pulls the roof shingles appart and gains a detailed view of the warehouse's layout. All of this commotion has spooked the inhabitants however. He witnesses several armed men rushing young people to arms for battle. They're heading towards the front double door.

After warning the summoner of this, they prepare for a fight. The magus casts enlarge on The Rock and the summoner casts mage armor. The Rock positions himself in front of the front door to block it. The defenders open the door to a 10 foot tall rock monsters! As a response, the summoner casts grease across the floor infront of the door, this causes several of the tightly packed warriors to fall over in front of this massive rock golem. First turn goes to The Rock, who after seeing a half orc warrior proned on the ground decides nows the time for **The People's Elbow** ;). After doing damage to the half orc and repelling damage from all sources inside the house (AC 18 FTW) and with help from crossbow fire from the summoner and from the flanking magus. We were able to finish off all but 1 of the attackers. Dwayne sees a caster hiding at the back of the room, he decides to barrel past the mob in front of him, through the grease with the intention of barreling into the caster like a bowling ball. Despite the promise of a hilarious maneuver,  a horrible acrobatics roll resulted in The Rock tripping over and squashing the last enemy in front of him. While this is happening the druid bashes through the side door intent on reaching the fight.

After a successful perception check, the summoner and magus see a gnome warrior trying to flank them, the magus makes quick work of him. Everyone enters the main room and corners the caster. The druid wants this guy dead in a thousand ways since he sees him as responsible for his gorilla getting hurt. He kills him, cuts his head off and is rather brutal about it.

After a quick search of the remaining rooms, we discover the room which the deck overhangs river. In this room are a dozen terrified captured children. The summoner rolls well with diplomacy and convinces the children that they're safe and can leave, they all get up and run out of the house.

[**Ran out of room,  continued in comments.**](http://www.reddit.com/r/Pathfinder_RPG/comments/2q1a5x/summary_of_our_first_pathfinder_session_warning/cn1wzub) 




 Post your favourite family connections between characters in the series :)

Ill start, Samwell Tarly is a first cousin once removed to Selyse Baratheon, which would make Stannis a first cousin once removed *in law*? 



















 So what struck me as odd is the seemingly missed time between Juice being handed over to the Sons and him being handed his cut back. At first it looks like Juice is being planted to try to assassinate Linn to *get good* with the club. What if thats a secondary purpose?

Heres what I think happend during the off screen conversation between Jax and Juice. Juice breaks down and admits he was present at Tara's crime scene, explains that Gemma was responsible. Jax decides to use Juice as a trojan horse to both kill Lin in prision and to feed the *killer* to Jarry.... Not Gemma. Marks. IIRC Juice still has the gun? If not, its obviously not impossible for Juice to have some sort of proof of his connection to the crime.

What if Juice is to frame Marks for the murder of Tara and the Sheriff and to assassinate Lin, that would be a two birds with 1 stone. This would then open up Jax's revenge to Gemma for Tara.

It very much as the feel for what SoA does towards the end of a series and fits the narative.

That being said, I'm probably wrong. Who knows. It probably is the case that Juice will just turn in Gemma, Jax wanting to kill Marks himself seems probable. 




 Hey guys,

I'm an Australian and have been raiding since vanilla. After raiding for almost 10 years on 200-400ms, I have no idea what to expect.

Can anyone shed light on what its going to be like raiding on double digit latency? How noticeable of a difference is it? I'm obviously asking those who have experienced both overseas latency and domestic latency.
 




 Hey guys,

Question is in the title, I'm going to be playing a pathfinder campaign in a few months and I was wondering if there are any major things I should know, I've primarily played 4e and 5e over the past year and a bit.

Thanks :) 




 Hey guys,

I thought some HYPE would help out with our TWOW woes. A comment from GRRM on his blog has made me realise how much fun this subreddit is going to be after AWOIAF is released. When asked about spoilers to the books, he stated:

**[Most of the material contained within is history, set centuries before the events depicted in the novels, so spoilage should be minimal... but there are very passages that will give things away, yes.](http://grrm.livejournal.com/384996.html?thread=19621860#t19621860)**

So despite a missing word in the last sentence (I think its **few**?), there is going to be some serious combing through the bookies for any tiny scrapes. I'm very much looking forward to new theories which will be contrived after October 28th! :D

  




 Hey guys,

I was as shocked and annoyed as all of you when S4 ended without an awesome scene where Merrit Frey gets killed and there is the big Lady Stoneheart reveal. But I'm not yet worried about her character being completely cut from the show, I think most of this talk about her perhaps not being introduced is bullshit and misdirection by D D and Co.

If you look at the books, apart from her reveal at the end of ASOS she doesn't appear until well into AFFC when Brienne encounters her. Since S5 looks to be putting the focus on Dorne rather than the Riverlands, it is perfectly reasonable to think that she may be introduced later on in the season. They can't just have the Brotherhood disappear without and further information. 

What do you think? Are you as optimistic as me?

**TL:DR - I'm not yet convinced that Lady Stoneheart has been cut completely yet (no pun intended). I think she will be revealed towards the back end of season 5.** 














 So the idea has been going around for quite some time that Gemma has to be killed by Jax.

She doesn't have to be murdered. Obviously Jax has to learn about Gemma being the culprit eventually and once he does, this is going to be a massive conflict for him (I'm really looking forward to that scene). But how about instead of Jax executing her, he imposes something more painful. Exile.

What if Jax turns her in to the police, what would cause the most amount of physical and emotional pain for Gemma? To lose her family and to lose her freedom. You heard it right here, Gemma heart will give out and she will die while she is locked away in prision. It may be more cathartic for Jax to know that the person who killed the one he loved is behind bars for the remained of their life.

What do you think? I guess Occam's razor points towards a gun shot to the back of the head. 




 .... Giving Gemma up to the club?
I mean, could it be a last ditch effort for him to reveal that Gemma was the killer? It would be his word against hers, but who knows? Juice is rather desperate.

I love it when you put typos in the title and can't edit it  -.- 




 Hey guys,

I was having a read through the PHB and thought up a new PC I could make.

The idea is a human beast master (doesn't have to be a beast master, just seems cool) ranger, equipped with two hand crossbows, with the crossbow mastery feat. From a flavour stand point, I love the idea of firing two hand cross bows in combat while stealthing around with a wolf.

What I was working out was around which fighting style to choose. I could go either the archer (+2 to hit with range) or two weapon fighting (+mod to offhand attacks). Its a toss up to me, bonus to hit or bonus damage to offhand, I'm leaning to bonus to hit.

I would have to carry around a lot of crossbow bolts though, shooting twice a turn is rather costly haha

What do you think about this PC? Stupid? Awesome? Stupidly awesome? Perhaps there is a rule I may have missed or something cooler i've missed? 




 Hey guys,

This may have been obvious to some, but I missed it. On my current re read I noticed a potential play on words that the kindly man used when Arya tried to ask about Jaqen Ha'gar.  In Arya II of AFFC after she mentions Jaqen's name, the kindly man responds by saying:

"I know **no one** by this name, child."

I guess its not technically a lie :P

 




 Hey guys,

*Obligatory 'sorry if this has been posted before' notation*

On my recent re-read, I picked up on a quote in Danny III (ADWD). When she was approached by Xaro on behalf of Qarth, he warned her that while her dragons (when small) were a marvel, her fully grown dragons are:

"....death and devastation, a **flaming sword** above the world."

An interesting choice of phrase since we're all trying to work out what/who Lightbringer will be. Now I'm of the opinion that Azor Ahai won't be Danny, she fits the prophecy too well, too early into the series. Perhaps thats just wishful thinking for Jon to be Azor Ahai :P

But the the concept that the dragons are Lightbringer seems entirely plausible :)
 




 Put yourself in Arya's shoes at Harrenhal. Jaqen has thanked you for saving him and asked for 3 names from you. Knowing what you know now, who would you name? 




 ...abandon his rendezvous with Dany? You would think that a joining of their forces would be advantageous to Tyrions want for revenge.

Perhaps he figured that Aegon and the Golden company is enough to assault Westeros?

Any theories?  









 Hey guys,

There is lots of talk about what will happen with Jon's assassination but little about the volatile political situation at the wall. With the three factions (wildlings, Stannis supporters and the NW) living in a strained relationship, how will this *murder of crows* (coining it) affect the alliance?

Do you think we'll see anarchy? Perhaps the annihilation of the NW? 




 Hey guys,

I've been looking into potentially playing a new PC, I initially wanted go a wood elf monk with a quarter staff. But upon thinking about it, thematically I love the idea of a druid/monk multiclass. 

So ill still go a hermit wood elf monk/druid, but when shit goes down I turn into a bear or a wolf. Is the idea of a bear doing a flurry of blows completely retarded?

What do you think? Has anyone done this before? 




 Hey guys,

I had a shower thought about a quote from season 4.

Dany is told that due to the size of the Meereenese navy, she has enough ships to bring her army to Westeros. IIRC, in the books she does not have this transport available. 

Could this be evidence that the show intends to either drastically shorten the Greyjoys involvement or completely cut them from Danys story? Of course in the books the Greyjoys have quite a few links to the main story, Euron and his dragon horn etc. And there are also several prophecies around Krakens. Could the show be setting up to remove the need for the Greyjoy fleet to simplify the Dany arc?

I would like to add that I hope I'm wrong, I love Euron and would love to see him come to life on screen. 




 I'm an idiot, its taken me this long to realise that Stannis's sword is not some form of ancient magic sword from a god. Its a glamor by Mel. The description of a normal sword with crazy awesome fire rippling through the blade yet it is cold to the touch and doesn't burn, is exactly how a glamour would work.

This as well as the show only scene in season 4 where Mel essentially tells Selyse that she has a potion for every kind of deception spell to convince people of her *truth*. 

In short, I'm a goose for not connecting those dots earlier. 




 Here is the 4th session of our LMoP campaign! Its been a real blast so far and this one was the conclusion of the Redbrand Ruffian hideout. To read the [3rd part click here](http://www.reddit.com/r/DnD/comments/2f505e/our_dd_5e_experience_with_lmop_so_far_session_3/). Links to the previous sessions are in each thread.

Here is our current roster for this session:

- Human bow fighter 

- Tiefling sorcerer

- Dragonborn barbarian

- Pirate themed tanky fighter

- Dwarf control wizard (Player away this week)

- Human GWF fighter

We pick up where we left off in session 3, we've just killed the giant penis monster (nothic) and we've discovered a magic invisible wall! We heal our wounded players and head out. The bow fighter asks that the fighter go first with him behind him, they pass through the invisible wall. and cautiously walk down the hallway, the fighter hears some movement in the room and decides to bust down the door. He sees a man in wizards robes writing away on some parchment with a glass staff next to him... Wait a minute, we're looking for a bad guy called *Glass Staff* **DUN DUN DUNNNNNNNNNN**. The shoe drops and the fighter points his sword at the wizard "stop what you're doing, you're under arrest" the wizard stands up, smiles and says a magical word. He casts charm on the fighter, the fighter fails his wis saving throw miserably. He is now convinced that this wizard is his best friend. The bow fighter fires an arrow at the wizard, he hits and does some damage. everyone else piles into the room. The fighter yells "Dont hit my friend" and charges at the bow fighter, grappling him successfully to the ground. The pirate charges at the wizard and does some damage and the other two do some damage to him as well. I should note that the DM upped the HP of the Glass Staff to around 80 HP because he had a feeling he would die too easily. 

After that first round of combat, it comes around to the bow fighters turn, he tries to break  the grapple and fails. In the fighters turn, he faces his attention to the pirate wailing on his new buddy wizard. He tries to crash tackle into him, rolls very poorly and ends up smacking his face into the side of the bed, hes knocked out for a turn. The wizard opens a door behind him and disengages through it past 3 of his friends in the next room. Everyone piles in and charges the ruffians. They're taken care off easily. The wizard backs into a corner and falls to his knees in submission "Ill tell you everything, please don't hurt me!". What a pussy. The wizard explains that he is just an agent of another called The Black Spider, a drow. He is at the echo wave cave, there are only two more rooms left in the hideout and there are several bugbears, one of them knows the location of the black spider. Jesus, we didn't even have to torture this guy. The fighter starts going through his quarters and finds some cool shit, brings it back to the group. He is kind of ashamed of his behavior and appologises to the group.

They tie up the wizard and gag him, you going to jail. They decide to have a short rest since that wizard did a number on everyone. around 40 minutes into their rest the door gets bashed down. Oh o. This is all very small quarters fighting, the ruffians come through the door one at a time, this is tricky shit. After the first one dies, it opens up a gap to get into the other room. The sorcerer tries to cast again, wild magic kicks in... He rolls confusion. What a cock head. All players within 10 feet need to roll d10 in their turn to see what they do. Everyone affected either does nothing or is unaffected. It comes to the fighters turn. He rolls a 1. That means that he runs full distance in a randomised direction. Roll a d8, 1 or 2 and he runs at the other room. Rolls another 1. He sprints full speed past 3 ruffians and a bugbeag, they all get opportunity attacks. The fighter gets reasonably lucky and only ends up being brought down to 0 HP. Fuck this sorcerer man. Hes knocked unconscious. Thats right, a few hours in and this fighter has done nothing helpful lol.

The rest of the team is able to kill the remaining Ruffians and are able to lap around the side of the bugbear. With advantage they're able to bring the fucker down without any further deaths. The experience is given. BOOM!. Level up. Everyone is back to full hit points. Lucky for that, the fighter is hurting like a bitch. They all prepare themselves, they know there is another 2 bugbears in the other room. FOR SPARTA. With some clever positioning the team is able to position it so the bug bears get disadvantage in their opening round, and combined with a decent surprise round, we're able to take down the last two bugbears without any deaths :D

The bigger bugbear appears to still be alive, the fighter and the bow fighter try to interogate him, they fail miserably. The Barb says "Dont do it like that" he approaches the bugbear and says "If you don't tell us what we want to know, ill start cutting body parts off, you're not dead yet" after rolling a natural 20 on his intimidation check, the bugbear tells us everything about the Black Spider including where he is and where Cragmaw castle is. 

That was it, we returned the wizard to the town leader for prison transfer. Overall we had a great time, I was playing the fighter and I was having fun even though I ended up doing fuck all due to some funny circumstances lol.

Sadly it was a shorter session, but what ever. Still awesome.

We're taking this next week off, but Ill try to post the 5th session when it occurs :)

Too be continued.... 









 These are time consuming but fun to write, we did our 4th session last night and it was rather hysterical, ill try to get to writing it asap. [Here is part 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/DnD/comments/2ew9qq/our_dd_5e_experience_with_lmop_so_far_session_2/) for those who want to go back and read. The first session can be found in the above link too.

Here is our current roster for this session:

- Human bow fighter (Player away for this week)

- Tiefling sorcerer

- Dragonborn barbarian

- Pirate themed tanky fighter

- Dwarf control wizard

- Human GWF fighter

From the second session, we left of at the entrance to the Redbrand Ruffian manor. We entered the first room, all is quiet on the western front. We all spread out and check the room out, check out all the barrels nothing too exciting to see. The GWF fighter wants to inspect the water. He approaches and rolls well for his investigation. You find a rope leading into the water, what does he do?.... Pull it out of course, lets hope for no nasty traps. Quite the contrary, CASH MONIES plus a potion of heath and invisibility. (The idea came up to force feed the potion of invisibility to the bow fighters pet hawk so he can't find him anymore haha). Roll a perception check again GWF, rolls well. You hear voices coming from behind the door next to the water feature, it sounds like people scuffling and donning armor. Fuck this shit, the fighter says. I ain't no bitch. He kicks the door down and charges in. 3 baddies half dressed barely with their weapons out. CHARRGEEEEEEEE! Yells the fighter, he goes all out and explodes the first dude with a massive strike, then with his bonus attack wounds the next one. His teammates charge in afterwards and kill the last dudes in there within the surprise round. What is this fighters problem? Apparently has something to prove.

After looting these bastards the pirate points out the other door in that first room, the fighter runs point, jesus this guy is keen. Sure hope nothing happens. "Place your miniatures where you want to be in this hallway" the DM asks, the fighter puts his front and center half way down the hall. Hes clearly not the smartest in the bunch. Oops. Triggers a fall away trap. A narrowly passed dex check allows him to luckily grab onto the ledge as the floor falls away. When will this fighter learn. (Btw, I'm playing the fighter haha. Hes an overzealous soldier easily lost in the moment, so much goddamn fun.). The barb jumps the gap with the tiefling and they proceed to throw a rope down to the dumb fighter and try to pull him up. Not to be outdone, the pirate throws the dwarf wizard over the gap (nobody tosses a dwarf) after a failed athletics check to get the heavy stupid fighter up the pirate assists and he gets up without further issue. The dwarf notices that there is a latch on the other side of the pit which activates the door. He tries to communicate with us this fact (if you've not read my other sessions, this dwarf cannot speak our tongue and can only understand us when he casts a communicate spell). We all fail our perception checks (to see if we see what hes pointing at) and we think hes dancing. We dance too.

After this, the fighter is funnily enough pretty reserved. All it took was a almost fall into a 30 ft pit, what do you know. The party enters the next room, 3 coffins. Coooooool. Everyone spreads out a bit, then we hear a noise. Oh god! The skeletons are alive! 3 skeletons engage the poor party. Some damage is taken, but overall they're easily beaten. That was spooky. The pirate opens 1 coffin, the dwarf another and the barb opens the last while the rest of the party investigate the doors in the room. The pirate notices a platnium ring on the corpse in the coffin, he passes a sleight of hand check and pockets it without saying a word. The Barb finds one and tells the group, the dwarf also finds one, he likes shiny things he starts dancing with it waving it at the group. "Oh cool, hey Mr Pirate did you happen to see a ring in your coffin? There was a platnum ring in the other two" "Nah man, no ring" says the pirate, deception check. Passes, only just though. Fighter rolls an insight check, fails miserably. "Oh well, guess we can't always be lucky can we!" exclaims the convinced fighter.

The dwarf performs an arcane check on the ring, he wants it to be magical! Rolls a natural 1, "Your PC is **convinced** that this ring is the most powerful magic item on the planet". In response to this revelation, the Dwarf puts the ring on his finger and holds it in the air like He-mans sword. The Fighter tries to open one of the doors, his hand is blocked by some warding spell. Damn. The tiefling does an arcana check and notices that it is protected by an Elvish warding spell and notices a word on the top of the door written in Elvish. No one know the language, damn. Oh well, lets check out the other room. This one is unlocked, the fighter puts his ear to the door. "You hear a woman whimpering". "Don't worry ma'am, Ill save you!" says the fighter as he opens the door. He hears a whoosh then a thud as a throwing axe hits the door frame next to him. Oh, shit. More bandits. The fighter yanks the axe out of the wall and throws it at the closest ruffian and charges in to take another swing (with negs because I tried to do something that was cool sounding) and missed.

The ruffians take swings at the fighter and do some damage as his party members come in and help out. They dispatch the remaining dudes. There is a woman huddled in a cage, the dragonborn barbarian is sick of her whimpering and yells at her to stop crying. What do you know, its made it worse lol. The fighter manages to calm her down, this dude is charismatic as fuck. She manages to stop sobbing to let them know that she was taken hostage after her family was killed by the ruffians. We ask about a key to open the door in the other room, she says that shes never seen anyone with a key, she does how ever keep hearing a funny word that they say in the other room. She tells them the funny sounding word. The tiefling puts it all together (apparently hes seen LOTR). He goes over to the door and says the word. Nothing. The fighter pipes up "You're not saying it right, let me try" the fighter says the word. "Does your fighter still have his redbrand cloak on?" the DM asks, yes he does. The door opens. "See, whose the sorcerer now.". After they release the woman and let her know that there is a ledge over the pit that she can move across, they all pack into the hallway and take a right. Its an armory. Nothing exciting in here. The pirate scores a crossbow, hes pretty happy about that.

Everyone is confused, they check the room. No exits or trap doors. Back into the hallway. Everyone checks the walls for any secret doors. The fighter falls through the invisible magic wall in the corner. When they enter the room. Everyone is cautious as they hear a noise, something inhuman. A quick history check reveals that it is the sound of a dreaded nothic (we call him the purple headed one eyed monster, seriously. Check the photo out in the starter set, hes a giant penis). So anyway, we slowly approach the crevasse. Someone accidentally kicks a rock down there, the nothic is spooked. Ooops. He charges up the incline and engages the pirate, he does some pretty nasty damage to our tank. Ouch. The sorcerer has the next turn, he casts a spell and rolls for wild magic. Rolls a 41, turns into a pot plant. Sweet jesus this guy is useless. At this stage we need a minute break to stop laughing IRL. The nothic doesn't like this magic attempt on his life, he attacks the pot plant which just so happens to have to take double damage because hes a pot plant. Luckily for the sorcerer he has a feat which allows half damage after a con save (or something like that, I was still laughing my arse off at the pot plant to listen). Either way he ends up on very little HP. Luckily the fighter is able to wrap around the side of the throbbing one eyed purple monster. The fighter has advantage, opting for his -5 to hit +10 damage, BOOM. Natural 20. Crit. Rolls like a beast, ends up doing a total of 46 damage. Apparently the DM increased his HP because he didn't want him dead just yet lol The penis monster is now on very low HP. The barbarian finishes the penis monster off with his own hands, I'm glad he came. Ejaculation.

Victory! While the pirate and the fighter rappel down the crevasse, the dwarf notices a glitch in the matrix, there is another false wall. He jumps up and down and gets the groups attention. The spelunkers find a chest with some cool shit in it, the barb gets the +1 sword and gets an erection both in game and IRL. Thats where we leave this session off.

It was a rather funny session, we all had a great time with the combat and I was rolling like an absolute beast this session. Stay tuned for the 4th session, ill try to get to writing it asap. I will note that my fighter has the worst week in session 4... You'll see :D


 









 Here is the long awaited second part of our D D groups LMoP experience, the first part is [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/DnD/comments/2ew6ur/our_dd_5e_experience_with_lmop_so_far_session_1/).

So after last week, we completed Cragmaw cave with humorous results. The PHB came out just before this session, so several of us rewrote our characters. FYI this is a summary of events, most of the session was narrative.

Our current list is:

- Human bow fighter

- Tiefling sorcerer (was the shooty rogue)

- Dragonborn barbarian (was the dwarf cleric)

- Pirate themed tanky fighter

- Dwarf control wizard

- Human GWF fighter (was the sneaky rogue)

Picking up where we left off, (with our old group) we have our cart with Sildar (still woozy from his dagger *err I mean* goblin arrow wound) and we continue on our way. Sildar suddenly has a flashback about how he got hit with the dagger of sneaky rogue and how sneaky tried to pull a fast one. He straight up executes sneaky, no one seems to mind (we only gave our DM small notice of our new chars so he didn't have time to work out how everyones new characters will be introduced haha).

With that, the new group is on their way to Phandalin. Oh noes, goblin ambush! Defensive positions! Goblins go shooty shoot! A few hits with small damage and one bad miss which causes the goblin to accidentally shoot a friend! He dead. Barbarian does some impressive javelin throwing, dead goblins everywhere. The fighter crits and cuts a goblin in half, great weapon mastery proc and kills another goblin, there is green stuff everywhere. Then 4 goblins appear next to the road, oh shi- Suddenly a small figure dives off the mountain and crashes in the middle of the 4 goblins with a huge magicaly explosion. Woah, that was awesome. The lumbering fighter walks over to the dwarf wizard, clearly impressed. He slaps the dwarf on the shoulder with a hearty laugh "Good show friend! That was incredible", the dwarf bites his hand. What a little fucker, the fighter is intrigued though. He tries to communicate with the dwarf, he points to himself and slowly says his name "Gregor", the dwarf shrugs in confusion and hands the fighter a chunk of goblin meat.

I should probably explain whats going on, this dwarf PC is a control wizard who has been living in the wild his entire life. He doesn't speak a word of the common language and can only understand us when he casts an hour long comprehend spell. This guy doesn't even have a name, the goblin meat is apparently an offering of friendship.

Dazed and confused, the fighter turns to the party, everyone is fucking confused. The fighter loudly laughs "Im going to call you shrug, little man", the dwarf smiles. I guess hes joining us then.

As we continue to town, the pirate strikes up a fascination with Shrug, this dwarf has coins woven into his beard, he doesn't need pockets. 

We arrive at town, Sildar says to meet him at the Inn in an hour. We split up, the fighter goes to the Inn with the Pirate and sorcerer. The barb, bow fighter and Shrug go to the trading post to return the cart. While they wait to hear back about the cart, the bow fighter heads to the armorer, he wants to get a goblin scimitar all spruced up to be a nice shiney weapon that he can use. The blacksmith strikes up a conversation and the bow fighter brags that he killed a bugbear in a few arrows. The blacksmith asks if its the bugbear who stole his shit that lives in Cragmaw cave. It is! He asks if the bow fighter happened to see a chest of his filled with coins and some belongings, he specifically mentions a frog statue which is of personal value. The bow fighter lies and says that he found no chest but will ask his group about the frog, probing for a reward in the process.

The bow fighter returns back to the cart, only to find that Shrug has leaped into the chest filled with coins. He goes all scrooge mcduck and plays in the coins and starts braiding the coins into his hair, hes having a great old time! The reaction of the Barb and bow fighter is that this short bastard is trying to rob them! They start grappling with the dwarf trying to get him out of the chest, no luck, this guy is a slippery sucker! Shrug, out of fear casts a magical fireworks wall to try to disengage.

It works, but it also causes the town guards to arrive weapons drawn. What is the meaning of this! The bow fighter tries to defuse the situation by explaining that its all a misunderstanding and we will deal with it. All this commotion has drawn a large crowd... Including the blacksmith. Whoops, he sees his chest and publically accuses the bow fighter of stealing from him. Shit just got real, they retrieve the frog medalion from Shrugs beard and give it back to the blacksmith. Hes not happy, he takes the frog, throws the gold on the ground and storms off, calling shenanigans apparently. The guards tell them to report to the town leader, this needs to be resolved.

The uninvolved party memebers return to see this turmoil, what the hell happend guys, we were gone 15 minutes! They decide to take their chest and march to the town hall to explain themselves. When they get there, the blacksmith storms out having told his side. He spits on the bow fighter on the way through, everyone in the group are laughing their arses off IRL (except for the bow fighter). The guards stop an escalation and they enter the town hall. The town leader (slash yummy mummy, DM describes her as *a decent 7/10*) explains that she wont let this tom foolery occur in her town, after hearing our side of the story she explains that she wont change the massive amount of coins in our chest unless we help her with the Redband Rebels (we call them *Ricos Roughnecks*, because funny). The fighter flirts with her and tells her that hes going to have sex with her when he gets back from killing Ricos Roughnecks, she wants the D. He flops it out and winks. Making friends quickly, this fighter is. They have their first lead, the tavern to the east of town.

They head off to go sleuthing, once they reach the tavern they're quickly accosted by 5 Roughnecks trying to steal their shit. These guys don't know who they're screwing with. The fighter being front and center draws his great sword, laughing like a manic. Combat is a joke, these guys are plebs. One of them breaks away and starts sprinting for a manor up the road. The bow fighter takes a shot at him, misses. The pirate throws and axe, misses. The fighter throws an axe, misses. This is pathetic. The Barb throws a javelin, fucking god shot he kills the last dude. Nice.

We take their cloaks, the fighter insists on 3 of the PCs wearing the cloak and the rest posing as prisioners. The party bickers about this idea "Fuck it. I'm not taking my cloak off" says the fighter. "I still think its a good idea". The group reaches the manor and enters it. Thats where we left it.

It was a rather amusing second session as most of it was narrative and most of it went off the damn rails! I had a ball. Ill post another thread shortly with the 3rd session, which was more action packed!

Too be continued...
 




 Hey guys,

We're currently in our 3rd week of D D for the LMoP starter set and since I'm on my lunch break, I figured I might let you know about our rather fun experience so far :D

So we're playing with 6 PCs and a first time GM.

Our warband is:

- Bow human fighter

- Dwarf cleric

- Dwarf control wizard (missed first session)

- tanky human pirate themed fighter

- Shooty halfling rogue

- Sneaky human rogue


First session brings us to the dead horses, oh noes. Pirate decides to stay guarding the cart while sneaky rogue, bow fighter and shooty rogue go investigate. Goblin surprise round! Sneaky rogue gets hit, takes 9 damage hes on 1 HP. Others miss. Bow fighter kills one with a shot  and sneaky rogue hits the deck. Shooty rogue kills another, rest get cleaned up. Sneaky gets healed. We find the tracks heading towards the hide out and decide its worth saving Sildar, hes a cool dude.

Heres where it gets silly, pirate decides his character has no want to go chasing after this dude, he has his cart full of shit he doesn't want to risk his life when he already has the booty (words to live by). DM warns that he will get no exp or loot if he does this, stubborness now kicks in and his char stays with the cart...

Right, so anyway. Shooty rogue and Bow fighter scout ahead following the tracks to Cragmaw cave. After investigating the entrance, sneaky rogue hears two goblins in the clearing near the entrance gambling and having a good old time, its go time fuckers. We make quick work of them in our surprise round. We sneakily enter the cave, weary of any potential traps and/or patrols. We take the stairs, oh god! Wolfies! They mad and they loud, bow fighter insta-reacts "THEY'RE BEING LOUD AS FUCK, KILL EM" so after he executes these helpless potential friends despite a few of us saying "Arn't you an animal handler? Why not make some wolf-like friends?" doesn't matter, doesn't care.

After scouting the room we decide to press on. Slowly up the tunnel until we see the patrol at the top, shooty rogue shoots, misses. Bow fighter shoots, misses. Sneaky rogue shoots, small damage. OH noes. Patrol flees, wtf is that sound? Mother fucking wall of water. Jesus titty fucking christ, the sneaky rogue moves to the crevasse to the left and the rest go back into the wolf room. We're safe.

Sneaky rogue climbs the two walls to get a view of whats going on, he hears commotion! The rest of his party cross the stream and climb up with sneaky rogue. We see the goblins, its time to die. We engage and kill all of them (sneaky rogue gets fucked up and goes unconscious, saving throws himself back up). A wounded Mr goblin boss dude picks up Sildar and puts a dagger to his neck. Recently awakened Sneaky rogue is convinced of his dexterous skills, he throws his dagger... and rolls a natural 1. Oops. A follow up roll was low enough for the DM to decide that this dagger hit Sildar in the shoulder. Awkward. Sildar passes out. Goblin drops Sildar and gets killed by the party.

Sneaky rogue panics, hes got priors. He grabs the closest goblin arrow, removes the dagger and places the arrow in the wound. Sildar will never suspect a thing. We start carrying Sildar until he wakes up, lucky for Sneaky rogue Sildar says nothing about his wound....Yet. They proceed slowly to the last room scouting ahead we see a bugbear and his mean entourage. Oh noes, this will hurt. Lets hope for a good surprise round. Bow fighter does massive damage and so does everyone else, bugbear dies before he reaches combat. DM exclaims how fucking lucky we are, 2D8 + 4 damage **are you serious**!??!? We only have an average of 9 hp. The party clears the rest of the room without issue.

Its loot time, yay. We carry that shit back to the cart. We laugh all the way back to the bank.

That was the end of the first session, lots of lulz were had and we really enjoyed ourselves. I know it sounded like only a few of us played much, but I left out much of the nitty gritty stuff that the others did. This is a summary after all. 

Ill post another thread shortly showing the other two sessions as I think I'm almost at my word limit.

**Too be continued..**

Edit: [Here is part 2!](http://www.reddit.com/r/DnD/comments/2ew9qq/our_dd_5e_experience_with_lmop_so_far_session_2/) 









 Hey guys,

We're currently in our 3rd week of D D for the LMoP starter set and since I'm on my lunch break, I figured I might let you know about our rather fun experience so far :D

So we're playing with 6 PCs and a first time GM.

Our warband is:

- Bow human fighter

- Dwarf cleric

- Dwarf control wizard (missed first session)

- tanky human pirate themed fighter

- Shooty halfling rogue

- Sneaky human rogue


First session brings us to the dead horses, oh noes. Pirate decides to stay guarding the cart while sneaky rogue, bow fighter and shooty rogue go investigate. Goblin surprise round! Sneaky rogue gets hit, takes 9 damage hes on 1 HP. Others miss. Bow fighter kills one with a shot  and sneaky rogue hits the deck. Shooty rogue kills another, rest get cleaned up. Sneaky gets healed. We find the tracks heading towards the hide out and decide its worth saving Sildar, hes a cool dude.

Heres where it gets silly, pirate decides his character has no want to go chasing after this dude, he has his cart full of shit he doesn't want to risk his life when he already has the booty (words to live by). DM warns that he will get no exp or loot if he does this, stubborness now kicks in and his char stays with the cart...

Right, so anyway. Shooty rogue and Bow fighter scout ahead following the tracks to Cragmaw cave. After investigating the entrance, sneaky rogue hears two goblins in the clearing near the entrance gambling and having a good old time, its go time fuckers. We make quick work of them in our surprise round. We sneakily enter the cave, weary of any potential traps and/or patrols. We take the stairs, oh god! Wolfies! They mad and they loud, bow fighter insta-reacts "THEY'RE BEING LOUD AS FUCK, KILL EM" so after he executes these helpless potential friends despite a few of us saying "Arn't you an animal handler? Why not make some wolf-like friends?" doesn't matter, doesn't care.

After scouting the room we decide to press on. Slowly up the tunnel until we see the patrol at the top, shooty rogue shoots, misses. Bow fighter shoots, misses. Sneaky rogue shoots, small damage. OH noes. Patrol flees, wtf is that sound? Mother fucking wall of water. Jesus titty fucking christ, the sneaky rogue moves to the crevasse to the left and the rest go back into the wolf room. We're safe.

Sneaky rogue climbs the two walls to get a view of whats going on, he hears commotion! The rest of his party cross the stream and climb up with sneaky rogue. We see the goblins, its time to die. We engage and kill all of them (sneaky rogue gets fucked up and goes unconscious, saving throws himself back up). A wounded Mr goblin boss dude picks up Sildar and puts a dagger to his neck. Recently awakened Sneaky rogue is convinced of his dexterous skills, he throws his dagger... and rolls a natural 1. Oops. A follow up roll was low enough for the DM to decide that this dagger hit Sildar in the shoulder. Awkward. Sildar passes out. Goblin drops Sildar and gets killed by the party.

Sneaky rogue panics, hes got priors. He grabs the closest goblin arrow, removes the dagger and places the arrow in the wound. Sildar will never suspect a thing. We start carrying Sildar until he wakes up, lucky for Sneaky rogue Sildar says nothing about his wound....Yet. They proceed slowly to the last room scouting ahead we see a bugbear and his mean entourage. Oh noes, this will hurt. Lets hope for a good surprise round. Bow fighter does massive damage and so does everyone else, bugbear dies before he reaches combat. DM exclaims how fucking lucky we are, 2D8 + 4 damage **are you serious**!??!? We only have an average of 9 hp. The party clears the rest of the room without issue.

Its loot time, yay. We carry that shit back to the cart. We laugh all the way back to the bank.

That was the end of the first session, lots of lulz were had and we really enjoyed ourselves. I know it sounded like only a few of us played much, but I left out much of the nitty gritty stuff that the others did. This is a summary after all. 

Ill post another thread shortly showing the other two sessions as I think I'm almost at my word limit.

**Too be continued..**

Edit: [Here is part 2!](http://www.reddit.com/r/dndnext/comments/2ew0sn/our_dd_experience_with_lmop_so_far_session_2/) 




 Hi guys,

Amusingly during our first 5e session with the starter campaign when we confronted the goblin who holds a dagger to Silvars neck I tried to be tricky and throw a dagger at the already wounded goblin. I kinda rolled a natural 1 and ended up hitting Silvar. Oops.

But it made me think, how would you all handle that situation? Assuming the person being held hostage is a valuable target, what would you do? Try to kill him? Try to trade his life for gold? Do you drop your weapons?

Just don't throw a dagger if the dice gods are not in your favour. 




 Hey everyone.

We all know *that guy*, *that guy* who suspiciously knows about the trap door on square 3 for your premade campaign. *That guy* who min maxes the fuck out of his hybrid character and takes 20 minutes to work out which of his 50 spells to use. *That guy* who meta games every turn.

Vent your stories :) 




 Hey everyone,

So I've been enjoying the debates so far, minus the Mountain that Roleplays (jk :P)

It is entirely possible that Barristan the Bold and Arthur Dayne will meet in the grand final of this debate tournament. I just remembered a SSM where GRRM was actually asked about a duel of this calibre!

[*Who would win in a fight, Barristan Selmy or Arthur Dayne (in their best days)?*
**Dayne... if he was armed with Dawn. If both men had equivalent weaponry, it might be a toss-up.**](http://www.westeros.org/Citadel/SSM/Entry/The_Sword_of_the_Morning_vs._Barristan_the_Bold)

Now of course, the moderators can just stop this input from the author from being used but I still found it amusing :P
 




 Hey guys,

As an Aussie, I'm really perplexed by [this link](http://www.boxofficemojo.com/alltime/weekends/month/?mo=0 p=.htm). Can someone explain why the amount that a movie earns domestically is so **massively** affected by the month in which its released?

In Australia, we watch what ever comes out when ever we can get it (since we can get delays upwards of 6 months from the rest of the world).

I'm sure there is a simple explaination, I'm just missing it :)

Cheers. 




 Hey guys,

Just thought I would share my experiences with my great weapon fighting fighter. I started our D D basic campaign as a rogue but after my fellow party members decided to be mostly ranged players, my character was very annoying to use. Lucky for me, the PHB got released and boy oh boy did I have some fun with the new feats and rules for fighters. 

I ended up creating a new character who starts at level 2,  human fighter with chainmail, throwing axes and a great sword. Decent-ish rolling still ended me up with 18 str which is something at least. Being able to reroll 1s and 2s for a great sword ended up with my doing some seriously awesome damage and made for some colourful death descriptions!

The feats were the interesting additions, ~~the two feats (humans ftw :D)~~ I decided on going for Great Weapon Mastery ~~and Heavy Armor Mastery~~. The option for bonus 10 dmg to a swing in conjunction with a -5 to hit was very helpful for the bigger targets (I would wait till I had advantage before opting to use this skill) and the bonus attack if I bring a target below 0 HP (or if I crit) was especially awesome as there were several occasions where I was able to cleave down 2-3 adds in a single turn with good rolling :D (Just letting you know that we know the rule about 1 bonus action per turn, but my DM has allowed me to continue the ability with negs to hit, he likes the idea of cleaving lol)

~~Since I appeared to be the only *tank* my decision to go heavy armor mastery was a good one, that flat -3 physical damage really pays for itself and allows for more risky positioning (engaging 2 targets at once so I can cleave) not to mention the bonus str stat.~~

Overall I'm having a ball with the character and I've made a cool little backstory to him which I've asked to be fed into the story for a future plot point :D

Whats your experience with the fighters in D DNext? I don't need to hear about how OP the bow fighters are, I know they're. My brother uses one and its silly lol

**Edit: There you go, thanks for the correction. I should only have 1 feat, not 2. Anyway, on with the discussion.** 




 Hi guys,

I'm sure this has been said before, it still made me smile. When Arya is first with the Brotherhood is Arya III, she notes that the BWB has access to vicious attack dogs. She muses to herself that "She wishes she had a dog of her own"

Edit: Thanks /u/Xiefyn

"For every man we lost, two showed up to take his place. A few were knights or squires, of gentle birth, but most were common men  fieldhands and fiddlers and innkeeps, servants and shoemakers, even two septons. Men of all sorts, and women too, children, dogs"
"Dogs?" said Arya.
"Aye." Harwin grinned. "One of our lads keeps the meanest dogs you'd ever want to see."
"I wish I had a good mean dog," said Arya wistfully. "A lion-killing dog." 









 Hey guys,

With all these debates going around, I thought it could be a good idea to have different topic of debate. Are the show changes better than the books. 

Now a general topic like that could be fun, but I think something more specific would garner a more even discussion.

A few ideas come to mind.

- Which is better, Talisa or Jeyne Westerling
- Is book Shae better for the story than show Shae?

Please post if you think this could be fun, also any other debate topics you can think of in this fashion :D 




 Lets face it, all of these changes, amalgamations and deviations are snowballing in a big way. I'm less worried about the story that the show will end with ruining the books. Ammarite? 




 Hey guys,

I'm doing another re-read of the series and I just got up to the UnKiss moment in ACOK. Now I'm fully aware that GRRM has stated a few times that the UnKiss is an intentional moment added by him to signify something bigger than a girl misremembering the name of a sword (for instance).

Anyway, that scene with the Hound and her after the Blackwater battle is *very* traumatic. More so than I had remembered. She is deathly afraid of Sandor and she legitimately thinks he will murder her. He arrives drunk and covered in blood and hounds (heh) her about singing for him. When she refuses he throws her onto the bed and puts a dagger to her throat. She shuts her eyes and sings about ~~Florian (symbolism eh)~~ The Mother. Then shit obviously gets weird, she reaches out and feels his cheek to find that he is crying. Now its a great scene for us readers to get a feel about both Sansa and Sandor.

When you take a step back and think about why in 2 books time she remembers him kissing her and little else of that night, not the threatening, not the fear of death, not the dagger to her throat. "He left a bloody cloak and a kiss". This barrier she has put up is clearly to protect herself from the trauma of what she has encountered.

What does this mean for her? Is she past it? Will she have intimacy issues? PTSD?

Edit: The Hound asks her to sing about Florian, she ends up singing about the mother. 




 Hey guys,

The relationship between Shae and Tyrion is a rather complex one and the context of the relationship (for us) is always from Tyrions own biased PoV chapters. He appears to show some self consciousness about her truly loving him or just playing the game for reward. This is further exemplified by her betraying him on the stand after the promise of a marriage and a castle is promised to her. (I want to rant further about how the show gutted this complex relationship, but I digress)

So my question is, is there any evidence that Tyrion paid her/continued to do so? I know that his first proposition to her states that she will have gold for her services and that she referenced wanting to wear expensive gowns/jewerly that he buys for her. But if I were in Tyrions position, I might doubt my relationship more with a whore if I were consciously paying her. 




 There was some worry a while ago that Victarion and Euron will be amalgamated for season 5, during a rewatch I found a piece of evidence that both of them are in the current tv canon. 

Rewatch S01E04 at 5 mins 40 seconds, in a conversation between Tyrion and Theon (show only I believe) Tyrion exclaims that he was a child when he remembered seeing Lannisport being burned by Theons **Uncles**. This doesn't completely prove anything, but the pluralisation would've had to have been added to the script since its a new scene outside of the book.

Either way, I was worried we would see the two characters combined too :)

Edit: I completely forgot about Aeron, eep 




 Hi guys,

Has there been any word if we can use our beta clients for the production version of Wildstar? My house mate has the fully downloaded latest beta version, it would save a shit load of internet usage to reuse the beta client. 




 Hey guys.

There has been a divide in this subreddit about Kit Harington's portrayal of Jon Snow in the tv show. Can we all agree that Kit has done a great job of displaying an accurate Jon Snow as per where he is up to in ASOS? 

I think hes done a great job in displaying the dead pan confidence that Jon displayed after his return from the wildlings. I'm really enjoying Kit's work with my favourite asoiaf character and I **cannot** wait until ed fetches him a block. 




 Hi everyone.

There were a couple of show only moments in the latest episode which I wanted to discuss. Firstly, Sandor straight out robbing that helpful farmer~~, I don't recall that scene in the books but it does seem rather out of character (he appeared to be becoming less harsh in the show)~~. Do you guys think this occurred just to remind the viewer of Sandors unapologetic moral ambiguity? Perhaps actions like this will rekindle Aryas disdain for him that she shows more in the books than the show.

Secondly, he explicitly mentions a desire to go to Braavos as a sellsword after he barters Arya to the Vale. Now we know that Arya will end up in Braavos, but there were hints that the Hound will end up escaping his fate in the books and end up going with Arya to Braavos. Could we be seeing this happening? I personally liked the ambiguous fate that the Hound had in the books and I would much prefer the canonical ending to his sad arc.

Edit: Thanks for clearing up my first point, what about the second point? I'm more interested in the implications of that.

 




 As I said in the title, this sept scene has been discussed ad nausem (after a single day? Impressive). Can we talk about what I think was one of the best scenes from the episode. The conversation between Tywin and Oberyn in that brothel. I really got confirmation that Pedro is an excellent choice for the Red Viper and that Charles Dance is the perfect Tywin. 

When he offered Tywin a drink I thought that this was going to be a moment with perhaps a slight nod to the 'Tywin Poisioning Theory', I didn't catch him doing anything (but its still early days :D). It was interesting to hear Tywin explicitly exclaim that Oberyn studied poison, now the audience knows :P

It was a great scene with lots of angst and tension, I wonder if Oberyn will get his out of book one on one conversation with the Mountain. I kinda hope not, I liked the confrontation at the trial. But HBO has shown that when it comes to changes they *can* do it rather well when it comes to extra scenes.

What do you guys think? 









 Hi guys,

My friends and I have switched our focus from DnD to Only War. So far it has been quite a bit of fun (About a decade ago, most of us were playing Warhammer Roleplay, so this system was easy to pick up :D)

Have you played Only War? What are your thoughts on it? Any tips? 




 - Come on everyone
- Write a Game of Thrones haiku
- Show me what you got. 









 Hi guys,

I wanted to get some clarification. We get the reveal that Gendry gets dropped off as a ~~baby~~ teenager to Tobho Mott for protection by a 'large hooded man' who he does not recognise. Who is this and why was Gendry being protected if all he is is a bastard of the king, we don't see this other treatment for his many other bastards.

Edit: Stupidity
 









 Most other Aussies will know how irritating it is to be in such a timezone, but this is one of the rare instances where I think we have it better than even the Americans. Since the east coast of Australia is only 4 hours ahead of Thailand, it would probally be a safe bet that the grand final will take place in the afternoon in Thailand. Meaning we can actually see the games live and not have to stay up past 5am on a work night! 




 Hey guys,

Obviously in the books Littlefingers involvement in Sansa's escape from KL isn't revealed till after the purple wedding and the entire great escape is done through the catspaw, Dontos. The show has instead decided to bench all that book ground work with Dontos and just make LF explicitly tell Sansa that he will smuggle her out of KL. 

What do you think about this change? Better or worse?

P.S. The actor who played Dontos in season 2 has been recasted for the role in season 4, so chances are that we will see some of his involvement be introduced this season.

P.S.S Little tidbit on Dontos Hollard. He is the last of his great house, which was wiped out during the Defiance of Duskendale by the Mad King. He (as an infant) was to be executed but Barristan stepped in and stopped it from happening. Very cool.

Edit: The actor's only other appearance is during the battle of the blackwater, doing some [juggling](http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m92ebpbEFY1re0u5vo1_500.png) 




 Hey guys,

Rockstar is obviously annoying the shit out of PC/next gen gamers with their hush hush attitude about upcoming GTA 5 ports, I mean seirously? You won't even say that you're developing them? You want hype? Announce that you're working on it, staying silent is just making people like me lose interest in the fucking game. I'm pretty close to the stage of not caring anymore.

But for the time being while I do care, I know that GTA ports have been released up to 8 months after the initial console release but does anyone know how long after that initial release, the actual *announcement* for the port was put forward? If a game is to be ported, I would imagine months of advertising and marketing would be used to maximize consumer interest.  




 Hi guys,

I signed up for beta this weekend and I go an invite. I created my account and redeemed my code. I appear to get this error when ever I try to log in when the game boots up. I know my information is correct as I have logged into the game's website easily with it. Ihave also tried changing my password, no luck.

The only thing is that I didn't want to download the game from scratch so my roommate (who played last beta weekend) put his game up on the network and I just updated that client with the latest.

Anyone else got this anoying error?

Edit: I wanted to post this on the ESO forums or via their support page. GUESS WHAT? Can't access either of them.
Edit: I was finally able to get onto the ESO beta forums, there is a thread where updates on this known issue are posted. I hope they can fix it soon, here's the [link](http://forums.elderscrollsonline.com/discussion/55059/login-information-incorrect) 




 Hi everyone,

I'm sure I'm not the only one who googles for information on TWOW frequently. Something which has been irritating me of late is that almost every article has the same thing. They keep asking "When is the book coming out?" and the answer is always "When its done". But isnt that the wrong question to ask? George doesn't answer it because he has been bitten in the arse for giving predictions and he just doesn't know. Why not ask him a question he actually does know?

So I'm requesting to you all, if you do happen to get a chance to ask him a question, could you ask how far along he is? I'm not sure why progress updates are difficult for him. Its been almost a whole fucking year since we have heard ANYTHING about the damn book.

 




 Hi guys,

Who would be interested in the idea of a subreddit census being done? I personally, would be interested to see the spread of demographics that this wonderful subreddit has :)

If so, what questions do you guys think should be asked?

**Edit:** If you're a mod and you're reading this, if someone runs with this idea could we get it stickied to the asoiaf front page? I would love to see a large set of data :)

**Edit 2:** Polls around theory opinions have been done before [as you can see](http://www.reddit.com/r/asoiaf/comments/1lubp7/spoilers_all_major_theories_opinion_poll_12/). I really would prefer to do one about the people! 




 Hi guys,

I stumbled across this SSM from 2001 in which GRRM confirmed that Howland Reed will be introduced at some stage. What is the best theory for his introduction into the series?

Source: 
[**Question 3:** It had been stated that Howland Reed would come out in The Winds of Winter, which is the 5th book. Will he still come in the 5th book (A Dance with Dragon)?
**Answer**: He will appear eventually.](http://www.westeros.org/Citadel/SSM/Entry/1270/) 




 Hi guys,

Something which has annoyed me from the get go about the TV series, is the lacking of definition between Others and wights. Instead, there is just a lazy singular reference of 'White Walkers'. By the stage we're during ASOS we know the difference between Others and wights and we even have an idea about their weaknesses and strengths. Are the show watchers informed enough going into future seasons about these undead fuckers, who are supposedly going to be important to the story.   




 Hi guys,

I'm about a third of the way through AFFC on my second reread and I'm starting to remember why I was irritated by AFFC on my first read. I don't like the idea of the quest that Brienne goes on for most of AFFC. Its essentially 8 chapters of a wild goose chase. I know that her arc seems important as it ends with the confrontation between her, LS and Jaime. But its frustrating to read about her constantly looking for a person that she will never find. What do you guys think about her story during AFFC? 




 Hey guys,

What changes (big or small) from the books to the TV show do you think were for the better? Perhaps a character omission which made the story more fluid? Perhaps the shortening of a scene which adds more drama etc.

For me, I feel that the way they introduced Tyrion for the first time in the show was *far* better than the way they did in the books. Tyrion tumbling off a bench was one of the silliest things I could think of, first seeing Tyrion drinking wine and whoring? That's a far better introduction.

Also the removal of patchface, fuck that guy. 




 Hey guys,

I'm rather new to this subreddit and I have not seen a thread on this in a little bit. Whats your favourite story around meta gaming? I do find stories around *that guy* rather amusing. 




 Hi guys,

I have been playing DnD for the past 6 months and I have been having a ball. One of our players wants to bring his GF in to play with us, she has never played DnD or any other roleplaying before. While I don't have an issue with this girl, I'm worried that we will see issues with them meta gaming due to their relationship.

Do you guys have any tips to avoid this? Have you had a good experience before with people who date playing DnD? Any bad experiences? 




 Simple enough.

Hypothetically if you could ask GRRM one question which he has to give a yes or no answer to, what would it be?

As much as I would like to confirm R+L=J, I feel that it is all but confirmed. I would probally ask something like, will Jon be a leader in some form (King, warden, etc) outside of the Nights Watch?

Edit: Alternatively, I would ask *Will Dany turn crazy?* 




 Hey guys,

I would like to expand on [this other thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/asoiaf/comments/1wkicm/spoiler_all_hbo_should_film_roberts_rebellion/) about HBO hopefully doing a show about Roberts Rebellion. Lets say hypothetically, that the rights to Roberts Rebellion are recieved and the wheels are in motion. Who would you cast and for what role?

I would be keen to get some nominations for the title roles and then do a poll to see who the community would love to see :)

Major characters (let me know if I forgot anyone imparticular:

- Eddard Stark
- Rickard Stark
- Brandon Stark
- Benjen Stark
- Lyanna Stark
- Howland Reed
- Hoster Tully
- Catelyn Tully
- Jon Arryn
- Tywin Lannister
- Jaime Lannister
- Cersei Lannister
- Robert Baratheon
- Stannis Baratheon
- Rhaegar Targaryen
- Aerys Targaryen
- Rhaella Targaryen
- Viserys Targaryen
- Willem Darry
- Elia Martell
- Jon Connington
- Barristan Selmy
- Jonothor Darry
- Lewyn Martell
- Arthur Dayne
- Gerold Hightower
- Mace Tyrell
- Randyll Tarly
- Varys
- Pycelle
- Gregor Clegane
- Armory Lorch
- Davos Seaworth 




 Hi guys,

I'm going through my second reread of ASOS and Sansa has already arrived at the Vale and I'm up to the stage past Petyr's wedding.

Something is kind of irritating. Why is Sansa not more ecstatic about her situation? Now I know that her life has been turned upside down with so much death in her family, but she is now as safe as she can be. If my family had all died and I was imprisoned, then I was to be released and be kept safe I would at least be a little happy about that. All of the post KL Sansa arc is from her POV and you hardly hear a peep from her about how much better off she is in the Vale over where she was doomed to stay (KL). Not only that, she does not even seem slightly thankful for the effort and risk that Petyr put into bringing her to the Vale. Whether she thinks that she is being played as a pawn to Petyr, she would always be better in the situation she is in now, over being a perpetual prisoner in KL.

Since courtesy is a woman armor, has her armor weakened? 


**Edit:** Please consider that I said "(Spoilers All) Why is Sansa not **more** happy or thankful?", not why **isnt she happy**. I would ask for people to consider the two situations she had. Being held hostage at KL or being held hostage at the Vale and explain to me how she is better off at KL? **Also please realise that the timeline which I have referenced** is at the time before most of the creepy shit from Petyr has occured, as far as she is aware she is to be wed to Robin and have house Stark restored to the north, she has not been kissed by Petyr yet nor has she witnessed her Aunt being killed by him. Lots of down votes today, sheesh.
 




 Hi everyone,

Does anyone have a source on the latest update for the playable classes? I have seen a few different places say a few different things. I was after something more official than I have seen so far. 




 Hello everyone.

There has been some discussion around my friends half-orc fighter. He purposefully set his character up to have an INT of 7 and a WIS of 10, but stacked his STR and DEX. Which is good for role playing, because it means that he can be a brute who smashes things and he has had lots of fun with it.

But where he hits walls (literally sometimes lol) on occasion, is when it comes to how to interpret an INT of 7 and a WIS of 10. Does low INT indicate a lack of common knowledge? Does an average WIS mean he has some common sense?

We were having situations where we were sneaking down a hall way and someone would whisper "Bu-Shek, I need you to be quiet because we don't want to be discovered" his character would then say **very** loudly "What? Why would I be quiet". Now this was rather hilarious to say the least, but it did put the question forward of "Should low INT mean he does dumb shit, or does it just mean he has a lack of knowlege?". Since he has a WIS of 10, would his character know that staying quiet while sneaking around is important and does a INT of 7 mean that he cannot read or write? 

How would you interpret it? 




 Hi guys,

A few years ago, I used to use an addon called 'Snowfall Keypress'. I primarily used it because it would disable the button press **animation** so no matter how much I was spamming a button, the UI would show it as if I pressed it once.

This addon has become obsolete and has been abandoned, does anyone know of an addon which does the same thing?

*Edit: I'm not talking about the addon functionality of casting a spell immediatly instead of after the button is released. I'm talking about the button press **animation** being removed, so that the animation only occurs when the spell is cast. 









 Hey guys,

Lets do it, find a quote and take it out of context. I found quite a few moments where I giggled due to poor choices of words.

Post your verbatim quote out of context for the lulz.

ASOS, Catelyn V *"...take the Iron men in the rear, while they beat off..."* 




 Hey guys,

It has been quite a long time since I have read AFFC (up to half way through ASOS on my second reread) but has Euron given any actual reason for sending Victarion to court Dany on his regard? He is obviously cunning so he would know that his brother despises him and would probably betray him to marry Dany for himself but he does it anyway. Do we have any hints on what he plans to do with the Victarion envoy situation?

I have a feeling that Victarion would be better suited to do the whole raping and pillaging thing that Euron is doing at the moment. 




 Hi guys,

I rather new to DnD, I may have only been playing 4e for the past 4 months but I'm having so much fun. We are playing with a DM who has never played before either but he is doing a great job. One thing that he has 'expanded' is the critical success and critical failure rules. At first, rolling natural 1s or natural 20s just meant you either did max damage or something comical happen and you're disadvantaged.

But he has added another level to this since he was having so much fun coming up with cool shit to coincide with bad/good rolling.

His house rules are:

- If you roll a 1, he will quickly outline a few possible scenarios and get you to roll a d6. (roll of a 1-2, you lose grip of your weapon and throw it at the ally next to you, 3-5 you drop your weapon, 6 you correct yourself and land the blow successfully but with slightly less damage as you are off balance.)
- If you roll a natural 20, roll the D20 again and if you roll another 20 something amazing will occur. That's all hes told us, we're waiting for someone to roll a second 20 :D (I rolled a 19 after a 20 on the weekend against a 'boss').

Now these rules may seem pointless and would add lots of time to the fights but our DM has this weird ability to come up with new shit to screw us up within seconds and it has made for far better combat :). What other fun changes have you guys employed for your own campaigns? 









 Hi everyone,

We all know (and surely love) how Tywin/Shae met their ends and the implications which followed such a powerful scene.

I heard a while ago a theory that because of the effort D D has put into making Shae a genuine love interest for Tyrion, the show will not have her betray Tyrion on the stand and will have her die by the hands of Tywin which will be the tipping point for Tyrion to kill his father. While most theories about show differences are taken with a grain of salt, this theory seems rather possible.

Am I getting worried over nothing or do you guys think this could happen too? 




 Hey guys,

Its been 2 days since I had posted the thread with the poll attached which asked Which book have you read up to in the series? in /r/asoiaf and /r/gameofthrones. Now I know that there are a lot of factors into this poll (e.g people who have not read any books are less likely to even open the thread, let alone vote in it) but we did get some interesting results nontheless.

[Enjoy :)] (http://i.imgur.com/6KkkOjs.png)

Discuss :3
 




 Hey guys,

Its been 2 days since I had posted the thread with the poll attached which asked *Which book have you read up to in the series?* in /r/asoiaf and /r/gameofthrones. Now I know that there are a lot of factors into this poll (e.g people who have not read any books are less likely to even open the thread, let alone vote in it) but we did get some interesting results nontheless.

[Enjoy :)](http://i.imgur.com/6KkkOjs.png)

Discuss :3

**Edit for clarification - Both polls were conducted separately from each other in the different subreddits** 




 Hi everyone :)

I would love to find out how far everyone in this subreddit is into the A Song of Ice and Fire book series.

*Edit* **Poll closed, results can be found [here] (http://www.reddit.com/r/gameofthrones/comments/1t4edd/no_spoilers_poll_results_for_what_book_are_you_up/)**
 




 Hey everyone,

I'm rather curious what sort of numbers were looking at for our subreddit in regards to book progression. Please vote in the poll, I would love to see how many are up to date and being driven crazy by the wait for TWOW.

*Edit* **Poll closed, please head to [here] (http://www.reddit.com/r/asoiaf/comments/1t4dgy/no_spoilers_poll_results_for_what_book_are_you_up/) for the results.** 









 Having witnessed how D D deal with hidden characters which can only stay hidden in the books because the audience cant see the actors face (Barristan - Artsan, Illyrio and Varys in the dungeon, etc). Do you think that they will reveal immediately that it LS is actually a resurrected Catelyn? 

I think that they have an opportunity (thanks to the drastic change to voice and appearance) to keep LS hooded and do the big reveal at the end of the season. 

P.S On a side note, I'm looking forward to the reveal of LS because over the past 6 months I have been planting *fake* spoilers in my friends head about the series (he only watches the TV show). So he thinks I'm joking when I say "Are you looking forward to next season? Watch out for when Ned is revealed to be an alien, Joffrey is actually a robot and Catelyn is now a zombie." 




 Hi there,

I will admit, I'm rather new to the scene. I only started reading the books once the TV show aired, and I have only been hanging around this subreddit for the past 3 months or so. While here I have noticed for every *suspicion* there are normally several tin-foil theories trying to explain them.

My question is, can you recall any theories which were posted over the years for the most recent books which were dismissed as silly and tin-foily but were later confirmed to be completely true?

 




 Title says it all.

I'm having a hard time sourcing an audio book version of Dangerous Women. Almost all sources do not have the licensing for the Australian audience.

Does anyone have any ideas how to get this new audio book?  




 Hi guys,

What are you worried will occur in the last two novels?

For me, I have the worry that we will witness some deus ex machina to resolve some of the already complex plot points. While I know that GRRM is not a fan of deus ex machina, I still have the fear that we might get some 'cop out' resolutions to some of the more intricate story lines. 

I'm also worried that we might witness some ambiguous endings, I would hate after all this time with a certain characters fate to be *left up to the imagination of the reader*. Fuck that, I hated it in at the end of American Psycho.

Lets just hope that GRRM is as thorough with his ending of story lines as he is as creating and expanding them :) 




 Hi everyone,

Nice and simple question, there are a few changes that were put in place around the torture, imprisonment and change of Theon into Reek in the TV series. 

**Do you think that the changes were better or worse than what happened in the books?** 

Since they are strapped for time for the portrayal, I think they did a good job overall capturing the *fucked up-ness* of Ramsay and they have shown why in season 4 we are going to see a completely new 'Reek'.

But if I remember correctly, Reek's castration is only implied in the books where as it's explicit in the show. Which could affect the idea of Theon possible ascending as king of the iron islands, which has been theorised. 




 Hi guys,

This isn't laziness, I have looked up and down and I cannot seem to get a solid lead on the actual current progress on TWOW from a decent source. Whats the latest you have heard on the progress of TWOW?

 




 Hi guys,

Bear with me on this one, I think you would agree that while its just silly to say "THIS IS THE ONE AND ONLY CATALYST TO THE WAR OF THE 5 KINGS" or "IF ONLY SHE/HE DID THIS INSTEAD, THE WAR COULD OF BEEN AVERTED". I think a reasonable statement is that if it were not for Jamie and Cersei's incest a lot of the war would not of occurred. 

So lets say that Jamie and Cersei either didn't fall in love or they did fall in love but didn't consummate it and kept it to their selves. Cersei would then have black haired Baratheons, Jon Arryn would have no suspicions thus would not be killed which stops the majority of the events of the books moving forward. Westeros would remain as undivided as it was before the books and any Essos invasion could be met with more ease.

If I were in the shoes of Jamie or Cersei I would feel an overwhelming amount of guilt for the thousands who have died because I fucked my sibling. Do you guys think this just could be because of the characters of Jamie and Cersei? Both of them have had major redeeming moments in the books but there is never much mention of regret for being at the center of the war. I'm also surprised that this responsibility is not brought up to Cersei/Jamie by a smart cookie like Tyrion for instance. 

I know that I have simplified the issue a bit here, but I do think that there is a choke point of blame with Jamie and Cersei.

TL;DR - The incestuous relationship between Jamie and Cersei has caused much and more of the war then is brought up.

*Editing the edit for another edit, bare with my spelling* 




 Hi guys,

What significant plot points (which have been left out of the TV series) do you think disadvantage the watchers the most?

For me, the lack of mention to the discussion that Robb has in regards to naming his heir in the event of his death. I found this to be a very important moment to the reader as it starts placing some of the events in perspective leading up to a potential future Stark come back.

Also, is there a character or plot point that you're glad they left out of the TV series?

I personally hated Patchface in the books, he was so annoying. 




 Hi guys,

A plot line which to me feels like it was dropped, Tyrion finds out that littlefinger was the one who told Catelyn about 'his' dagger. When he arrives to KL he even states that "he needs to have a conversation to Petyr about that"... 

Am I forgetting an encounter or is this left unanswered? 




 Hi guys,

The other discussion (http://www.reddit.com/r/asoiaf/comments/1pcz53/spoilers_all_grrms_characters_asoiaf_vs_show/) I think needs a poll to get a real show of opinion. Please vote below and feel free to add a description of why :)

http://strawpoll.me/619919

*Edit: Sorry guys, I cant believe I forgot Liam Cunningham :( 




 Hi guys, I want to talk about the prophetic messages which Arya got from the ghost of high heart. Specifically this sentence:

"I dreamt of a maid at a feast with purple serpents in her hair, venom dripping from their fangs. And later I dreamt that maid again, slaying a savage giant in a castle built of snow."

Now while the first portion is obviously about Sansa and her indirect affect on the purple wedding, the last part of the sentence is something which I have not seen anyone talk about. Who could Sansa be slaying? Could Petyr be the savage giant? Perhaps the hound? The reference to the castle built of snow could seems likely to be in reference to the Eyrie but lets not forget Jon's last name ;)

Sorry if this has been discussed before, but I couldnt find anything on it :) 




 Hi guys,

I just had a thought about a pretty cool way for a reveal about Jon's fate and Azor Ahai. While there are a lot of theories about how Jon isnt dead at the end of ADWD, I think he will die. I think that his characters body will be collected by the NW and burned (as standard practice) and he will be reanimated as Azor Ahai, fullfilling the smoke portion of the prophecy. This should mean that there will have to be a confirmation of R+L=J soon after.

What do you guys think? 




 I am still rather undecided which army I shall give my allegiance to. I am leaning towards Eldar. I love the idea of being a howling banshee, leaping around the place hacking orks to pieces. Or decimating a wave of chaos berserkers as a reaper :)

Vote your choice, give a reason below too :)

http://strawpoll.me/417280 




 Hi everyone, I would like to preface this by explaining that this post is only directed to those who perpituated the bullshit drama over the past few days.

I am sick and tired of this crap over the past few days. Why are you all still harping on about this. There is so much heresay, unfounded rumors and flat out lies being told by the public that I am starting to really feel sorry for everyone involved. This whole thing started with a few isolated incidents with sG and has now evolved into a retarded episode of Jerry Springer.

Whether you dislike swindle, khezu, tralf, PPD or ANYONE involved in this matter is irrelevant. Do you know what is relevant?

ITS NONE OF YOUR DAMN BUSINESS, if this was never aired publicly it would of been sorted out quickly and without all of this high school gossip rubbish. To those involved who intentionally spread bullshit to incite drama, you are not better than TMZ. You should all be ashamed of yourselves.  
























 Hey guys,

My room mate is about to try a Soylent diet to lose some weight. He's not a goose, he knows about caloric requirements and nutritional requirements, that's not a problem.

I was wondering if any of you have tried it before? 




 Haha, you're right, I don't do it in that order, it just rolls off the tongue better saying it that way. 




 There has been instances where Buzzfeed has stolen content from reddit. The joke is more specifically targeted at threads in AskReddit where the answers could be made into one of Buzzfeeds stupid articles. So a thread like "What cute thing does your SO do?" could be stolen to make a "25 things that your SO could do to be cute" clickbait monstrosity. 




 I'm still weird like that though. I still love the smell of second hand smoke, but I hate the smell of smokers. There are two completely different aromas there. That being said, I won't let anyone smoke in my car, so there are some hard limits. 




 As an ex smoker, I feel the exact same way. Knowing how repulsive being a smoker is definitely helps me from relapsing. It's totally the same with over eating. If being fat were considered sexy, it would be so much more difficult to lose weight. 




 Not just the habits that are instilled, but also the information provided in general. Do you know anyone who refuses to try to lose weight because 'exercise is hard', they don't even know how that is a non sequitur. I was in that camp too not that long ago, I'd always just assumed that weight loss cant be achieved without exercise.. 




 I personally don't mind them, I think stigmatising overeating worked for me. But I can totally see why others wouldn't want those places to exist.

That being said, here is a thought exercise. Let's say there was a subreddit created called /r/smokerhate. All they did there was shame smokers and post stupid smoker logic. Would you have the same opinion of it as you do about /r/fatpeoplehate? 




 Same goes to you, I liked it the way it was. I remember back in high school psychology reading about a bodily function clock, which dictates when your body has the highest/lowest blood pressure, etc. That body clock also regulates when your body ceases bowel movements. That's why its not typical to wake up needing to go number 2

Edit: I fucking [found it](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Circadian_rhythm) 




 Having read the book, YES! The book is so much more interesting than the movie. The POV stories from all around the world would make for an amazing episodic story. 




 Haha, I checked none of the boxes for Tyrion. 




 Are you nuts? That mother fucker is super effective against the first two gym trainers. That shit is a solid choice. 




 But a day before 9/11 is still 2 months after the twin tower attacks in NYC, how could I stop it?

A little Australian date formatting joke for you all, enjoy. 




 That was a tongue in cheek comment :P

I'm not worried, I'm just curious if anyone else has experienced it 




 I drink shit loads of water, it's pretty much all I drink. In fact the amount I drink hasn't changed since I started 




 Hello internet friends,

Yeah... So. I'm a man of routine. Alarm goes off at 6:15 am then I'm off to do the 3 S's (Shower, Shit and Shave **not in that order _**). Every Monday morning I would weigh myself right after the second S, so I can get the most accurate reading. About a month or so into my new diet I noticed that I couldn't do the morning movement right after I woke up, now it occurs 2 hours later, like clock work.

Has this happened to anyone else? I'm obviously not ready to call a doctor or anything, but it's frustrating because now my weigh in readings are not going to be as accurate as I'd like. I'm wondering if it has anything to do with the fact that I'm getting better sleep now than I was before. Same number of hours, but definitely more uninterrupted sleep (weightloss = better sleep, yay)

Edit: Clarification on the SSS rule 




 Dinner which wasn't prepared by myself or a chef. 




 I honestly don't know, I feel like I need to buy new clothes but the way I'm losing weight, I'll need to do it again in a few months. Luckily being a guy means I can get away with more baggy clothes. That being said, it's still a bad look lol 




 This reminds me of my first week. I did some snap calculations as to how little i'll need to eat for me to lose weight. So I did some guess-timation on my lunch and dinners for the week. 5 days in I was *convinced* that I was eating too much. So I subscribed to Lite N Easy (weight watchers), which was due to arrive in the next week. I was certain that I couldn't set a 2000 calorie limit correctly.

I guess I was wrong, because on the 7th day I recorded a 3.3 lbs loss! I was never more happy to cancel that Lite N Easy order :D 




  It was the same when you gained the weight in the first place - it crept up on you. 

Oh god, this is so true. I wish it wasn't though .

It has reminded me that I'll probably never stop doing weekly weigh ins.
 




 sandwich. 




  "women only want to date rich men" and "women don't want to **hate** men who are broke or balls deep in **depth**"

I know these are obviously typos, but I still had a giggle.

I totally agree with you, the distinction is important. I certainly don't want to date someone who isn't responsible with their finances or job situation. If you're studying, thats different but if you are just lazy, then no fucking thank you.

 




 Yeah the majority of my mates are men, I had a really close female friend but we had a falling out over something really stupid and she hasn't talked to me since. I made fun of her favourite football team not making it into the finals. Not even kidding, 10 years of friendship down the toilet over that. 




 I started taking the train to work. 

Not even joking, going from a 35-70 minute drive to and from work in heavy traffic to a 45 minute train ride to and from work has done **wonders** to my anger.

Fuck traffic, other than that I don't really have anger issues. 




 I make enough money that I could buy everything every time, but I wont. I think you're better off working off a 'shouting' system. Meet up for coffee? Ill get this one, you can get the next :)

Alternatively, at dinner just pay your own way. Fuck these gender roles, you're an adult right? Buy your own damn stuff. It's fine to spend money on your SO every now and again, but I don't understand the guy paying for everything, thats just silly. 




 I appreciate a movie more if it makes sense scientifically. If it's overt in its ignorance, I take issue with it.

The^neutrinos^are^mutating... 




 Ok, cynicism aside - my question is about what he *would* play if he *were* tapped for a Marvel movie. 




  You sound worse

That's not very nice /u/citizensssnips.

 




 Why? 




 Question in the title.

I saw some brief rumors about him potentially playing the heir apparent to Tony Stark as Iron Man. The kid is currently 13 years old, so if he were to take over from RDJ after Avengers pt 4, he would be 18~ years old.

What do you think he could play in future movies? 




 I saw the movie, loved it. I then read the comics, loved it. I then rewatched the movie and loved it even more.

Those criticisms are not fair, the reception of an adaptation shouldn't be measured on its accuracy to the source material, it should be on it's own unbiased merit. I really liked the changed ending in the movie, it felt natural and it made sense.

Stellar movie, 10/10 would watch again. Especially the extended addition. It is easily Snyders best film, sorry 300 : 




 Yes! The dude who does the voice over does an amazing job 




 Thanks for linking this sub. I've been following the Martian progress (loved the books) for ages. I'm glad we're finally getting snippets of information! SO EXCITED! 




 That's the catch 22 of this subreddit. It's an amazing support network with shit loads of awesome information... But daily usage can make your progress seem slower since you're constantly thinking about your loss.

 




 I still **love** it, over the past 11 weeks I've only had drinks twice. Once for a bucks and once for a 30th birthday party. Otherwise I've been sober. I miss having a beer with dinner, but the way I rationalise it is "I've drank enough beer in my life, I need a hiatus".

I won't be a teetotaler for the rest of my life, just until I get my weight back in check. 




 It does make sense, I thought it was weird that the camera stayed so long on this unknown extra. That's the exact thing D D would do for a cameo. 




 Nice one man! I **guarantee** that in a few weeks time, you'll think "Damn, why didn't I start this earlier". The old proverb holds true.

**"The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago, the second best time is right now."** 




 It's only slow because you're focusing on it too much, let your changes become part of a daily routine and time will go super fast. 




 Yep, I'm going to be visiting another friend interstate at the end of June who I've not seen in months too. By then I should be down to 40 lbs :D 




 I take pictures at every month interval. The 2 month photos show some change, but not much. Not enough (in my mind) to warrant asking "did you lose weight". Obviously I'm wrong, my friend had no idea that I'd been losing weight :) 




 Thanks! It's been surprisingly easy. Turns out that eating like this is how normal people eat and they do it every day without thinking. 




 What I eat for lunch pretty much hasn't changed, my biggest problem was dinner and how much beer I drank.

Looking back on it now, it was an insane amount. So much so that I would bet the large part of my weight loss is from cutting out beer and drinking water/coffee. 




 Hey guys,

I'm currently in my 11th week of my weight loss journey and my change of diet no longer feels foreign, it's now *just how I eat*.

I'm 31 lbs down from my starting weight of 285. I've struggled to notice the difference in the mirror, despite my belt going down some notches and my shirts feeling looser than normal.

Tonight was a good night, I bumped into a friend that I've not seen in months. "Holy shit train_subject5967, have you lost weight?", "Yeah, I've lost a few Kilos ;)", "I almost didn't recognise you!".

A simple exchange like that, I'm still buzzing. That was an objective and unsolicited view of my progress, really made my night.

Do not fret my friends, if you're just starting out and are frustrated at the speed of your progress. Trust me when I say this - it goes **insanely** quickly. These 11 weeks have been a blur. Just keep at it and everything gets easier with every passing second :D

 




 Any secret to it? Or did it just kinda happen the way it happened?

You carry it really well! 




 See the problem is that for the past 10 years I've been playing competitive 8 ball, I'm quite good.

I don't bring my A game with anyone I play unless they also play competitively. It's not a 'letting them win' thing, its a 'I love playing pool, so I want my friends to want to play with me' thing.

So I'm not letting people win, but I'm turning down my game to like a 5/10 




 My friends? No, as long as they're happy I couldn't care less how they go about their week days. I have friends who are in retail and some who are doctors and lawyers. I never feel better than anyone.  




 I'm 27 years old and the last time I cried was almost 10 years ago. I had a physical altercation with my father and broke down at a mates house. I felt so embarrassed since he had mates around. But he was a really good friend, who sat me down away from them and supported me. 

Once I calmed down, i went back and joined his mates and had a laugh. No one mentioned it again. It was good because he saw me at my worst and so did his mates and no one judged me.  




 It depends on the relationship and who breaks up with who. When I was younger, i dated this amazing girl who after almost 2 years, broke it off with me. I was inconsolable. It has been around 8 years since then and I still think about her. Hurt like hell.

Other times, I've not felt as much. The most recent was a 10 month relationship with a nice enough girl, who had a whole host of anxiety problems. I enjoyed her company, she got along with my friends and was a very bright individual. But those anxiety problems were just too much to deal with in the end and I came to realise that I couldn't keep dating her (there is a lot more to the break up, I can elaborate if you want). So I ended it. Instead of feeling upset about it, I felt relieved. It was strange actually. 




 It was a sad day where my stuffed jaguar named Jag was put into storage. 




 Why the hell not? It's lovely and warm and there's plenty of room :) 




 Glad I could help. If you can't tell, my favourite character is Carl Drogo. 




 Kissing. I mean seriously. You don't just passionately press your faces together. There is more to it. 




 I'm so sick of this shit, I hate it when people call her 'Dany'. Do they not realised that Dany is a title given to Khaleesi by the Dothraki? It means princess.

Some people are so fucking ignorant. 




 And last but not least, Jons "death" could be used as a plot device which relieves him of his Nightwatch duties and frees him up for other storylines without making him a deserter.

This is one of the biggest pieces of evidence for his resurrection. I remember when Mel had that show only conversation with Thoros about how he ressed Beric, I was thinking "Oh, I see. Now that Mel knows about resurrection, it wont be a shock when she does it to Jon", clever. 




 It wasn't just that, there was all of this circle jerk by the writers and director about how the episode was "The best they've ever done" and it ended up being rather subpar in the context of the show.

Happy cake day btw :P 




 Nice job man, hows the loose skin situation? 




 Same with quitting drinking. I was buying 1-2 slabs of beer per week (not including drinks when I went out on the weekends) which could be upwards of $150 per week on booze. That's insane.  




 Its been almost 3 months for me and I couldn't agree more! I've cooked every since dinner since that 3 month start and I can't even stand the sight of fast food. Give me a fresh and juice steak over mcdonalds any day of the week.

I work in the city and there are so many places to get a awesome lunch. The cafe in my work lobby makes a awesome minestrone soup in house..... Fuck it, I'm getting that today for lunch :D 




 I'm kicking myself that I didn't start sooner. I really am. It's really not that hard to start, I'm a stubborn mother fucker so I just focus my stubbornness into my change of life style. 




 I don't weigh daily but I do experience what you're showing here. For example, I record my weigh ins every Monday morning right before I get ready for work. Yesterday (Sunday) I weighed myself and saw I had lose 1.2kgs from the previous monday (yay). Knowing that, I did my official weigh in the following morning and I had apparently gained 2 kilograms from the previous week. WTF body, your mass retention is just plain silly.

I obviously didn't gain 2kgs of fat overnight, so fuck you body, I'm recording yesterdays loss. 




 I love making my friends and family laugh. So in that regard, I care about social media.

If I tell a joke which gives someone a laugh and brightens their morning, then I consider the effort worth while. 




 Excellent action movie, really surprised me since it had been in development hell for so many years. 10/10, best movie of 2015.

That aside, I don't get all of the feminism/anti-feminism shit which has sprouted up from the ethos. Why can't people just enjoy something for what it is instead of finding meaning which serves their personal agenda?  

I feel like I'm on the wrong website to ask such a question lol 




 I have a 5 inch wide burn scar on my left calf muscle which was caused by a hysterical woman and a motorcycle. Interested?

I grew up on a fairly large property and had been motorbike riding since I was a youngster. One day when I was 17, I had a few mates around and they begged me to give them a dink (aussie slang for riding a bike tandem). I said yes and explained to them a simple rule for riding tandem. **Lean the way I lean**. Balance is everything when riding a motorbike.

So anyway for the next 45 minutes or so I was giving my mates the time of their lives, everyone was really excited. There was one girl left who hadn't had a ride and was rather shy about it. She eventually got the courage to get on the back and go for a ride. I'm not a dick, I went extra slow for her, I know she was nervous. As we go along she starts to get more confident asking me to go faster. So I oblige her. 

This is where everything goes pear shaped. We get to the final bend of my circuit which is a fairly tight turn on wet grass. I take the corner at a liberal speed and lean into the turn, she *forgets* the golden rule about leaning and leans the opposite direction which causes massive under steer and we end up crashing into the ground. It was a relatively slow impact so no broken bones. 

Let me explain what's wrong about this picture. There I am, 17 years old with a girl latched onto my back with a 120kg motorbike pinning me down, which has its *red hot* exhaust pipe pinned against my left calf muscle. I'm screaming bloody murder for this girl to let go of me so I can get out from under the bike and her screaming even louder, seemingly unable to let go of me out of sheer terror.

It took her around 30 agonising seconds to finally let go of me so I could get out from underneath the bike. I have had a few bits of pain in my day but that one was the worst of them. Not only that, but the pain of recovery over the next few months was horrible too. I don't really dink my mates around anymore, that was a shit time. Not as much a *stupid* story, I'm told it was hilarious though. 




 It is, it doesn't look like much when written down. But when it's pronounced, the letters all flow well.

It's like *sequestered*, Q is a really awesome letter. 




 I love that word, I think the noun sounds better than the verb though. **Defenestration**, I recall learning that word while wikipedia hopping. How the fuck is there a word for such a specific act? lol 




 This one comes up often and unexpectedly. 




 Good one, I use this one often for work. Feels classy as fuck. 




 Dude, that word is a god damn nightmare. It's like *comparable*, there are so many moving parts that trying to spell or pronounce it can make you look stupid. 




 *shudder* 




 Mine is **frivolity**. 

It rolls off the tongue so well, using it in a sentence instantly classes the place up. Of course I see the irony of being the OP in a seemingly frivolous askreddit thread. 




 If you're weird like me, you'll hear/see a word and suddenly think "that is such a cool word". That word then becomes your favourite word for the day. This word could be considered 'cool' because of its meaning, the way its pronounced or even because of the definition. 

That being said, what is your favourite word for the day?

**Edit: Let's get meta, does anyone know if there's a word for 'finding words pleasing'? I'm sure it's some sort of sexual kink.** 




 I'm putting my money on the fact that this comment is complete and utter hyperbole.

I hate to play the pessimist, but experience tells me that every time you hear a comment from an actor for an upcoming episode, it has been crafted in such a way as to build hype, rather than prepare the audience for an event.

Remember the hype around last seasons final episode? It was being built up as a ground breaking piece of television. Remember how anticlimactic it was for us?

Scary^Spooky^Skeletons 




 As long as you factor it into your budget, then it's perfectly fine. 




 (Posted on 5-20-15, weight: 230.6) (shamelessly using this post as a "before" shot)

That's not shameless at all, that's actually quite clever. I text my weigh in results to myself every week so I have them stored and readily accessible.

GJ on the self control 




 In my head a;ldkfjaf! I have fought for every single pound I have lost, thank you very much. You dont know me, or my body. My PCOS has made it damn-near impossible to lose weight; but Ive powered through. Ive given up all of those cookies and donuts I see you grab in the breakroom. This 23 lbs was NOT EASY!!!

Does this person know all this background information? I mean, I know he/she has made a snap judgement about how difficult your weight loss was, but what does your success look like to them? They probably see a happy person who is proud of their weight loss and assume that you're able to lose the weight easily.

I'm not saying that they're assumption was correct, but I wouldn't get too frustrated with someone for not knowing the whole story about you. Some people have an easy time losing weight.

Congratulations on 23lbs lost though :) 




 Pure curiosity here. Does anyone like the sand snakes and the Dorne plot as a whole? I can see reddit has made up its hive mind in some threads but are there any positives anyone has taken away from these new characters?

Edit: Do not down vote someone just because you disagree, that's not how reddit works. 




 Hey guys,

I know this might sound like a silly question, but is an elevated heart rate from non physical exercise still burning calories like exercising would do?

I ask because I play competition 8 ball and at times, it can get the heart rate up. I put myself in late so I end up playing the clutch games for the night. A combination of nerves and excitement can actually lead to a sustained heart rate of 168~. My question is, does that elevated heart rate equate to calories burned in the same way exercise would even though what I'm doing isn't physically exhausting?

Edit for clarification: I'm quite sure that the two are not comparable, I'm just after the specifics if any 









 Hey guys,

I've since changed my exercise regime. I was previously trying to walk every day but I was finding this wholly unsustainable. I've since decided to do 45-60 minutes of fast walking (with jogging intervals of 5 minutes) every Saturday and Sunday. Already I can see how this is far better in the long run, I feel much better. It was at the stage where some week days I'd get home from work, I would have to get changed, do my workout, cook dinner, eat it and then I only had like 5 minutes before I had to be somewhere. It was getting a bit hectic.


**How often do you exercise every week? What exercise do you do? How do you rationlise what you do and how often you do it?** 




 I was wondering why the hoodie I wear every day in the colder months feels weird. I kept trying to roll the sleeves up and they just wouldn't stay up. The sleeves are also longer for some reason. Also, the bottom of the zipper seems further away than normal.

Some seriously strange witchcraft is going on here guys. I think I'll need to buy a new hoodie, this one is suddenly defective. 




 This may help others get jump started and may re-spark your own efforts!

**What event(s), feeling, realisation, etc started your efforts?**

I've been procrastinating losing this weight for years. My maternal grandfather died of a heart attack at 38 and his son (my maternal uncle) survived a heart attack at 38. Turns out I have some form of congenital heart condition on my mothers side.

That itself didn't stop me from digging this hole I'm in, but the cognitive dissonance is strong with me. "I'll lose my weight soon.", "I won't have to get healthy for another 10+ years".

As you can see that is a horrible loop to be stuck in. Something else happened. A few months ago I was reading a 50 year study done on the mortality rate of smoking cessation. I had myself quit smoking back in mid 2013 and was curious as to my chances of dodging a proverbial bullet.

Statistically speak, it turns out I had.

The study showed that the subjects who were heavy smokers in their teens and 20s (I'm 27 and I've been mostly smoking since 16), who quit by 30 lived (on average)  as long as those who never smoked.

What a relief to hear, I kinda knew instinctively that was the case but it was a good little pick me up. But then the realisation came crashing down.

"Awesome! I'm likely to reach 80 due to quitting. **Wait, no I'm fucking not. I'm not going to reach 50 the way I'm living**"

I put the booze down, cut down what I ate, became more active and I've been losing weight ever since. Fuck you complacency, I'm in charge now. I'm using my ingrained stubbornness against my own vices. I don't know why this time is different than every other time, but it fucking is.

 




 Hey guys,

I know for a lot of newer people (and some veterans) getting motivated is such a hard thing to do. Most of the time the motivation comes far too late in a persons life. To those who are struggling, I would highly recommend watching [Fed Up](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fed_Up_(film)), it is a documentary which came out last year about the effects of the sugar industry in the world and the impact of obesity in any society.

It goes into great detail about daily diet and processed food, it also covers the history behind the way lots of laws are currently set up. This documentary is currently available on Netflix, I hope it gives you all a push to realise what the right thing to do is.

The truth of the matter is frightening, it's important that we all know it.
 




 While it's obvious which will be ranked the worst (god damn it, Jai Courtney. You were so good in Spartacus -.-), I'm genuinly curious as to how others view the other movies by comparison. 

I would rank them (using shorthand for the movie titles):

**1) Die Hard 1**

**2) Die Hard 3**

**3) Die Hard 4**

**4) Die Hard 2**

**5) Die Hard 5**

I honestly don't get a lot of the hate I see for Die Hard 4, it was a clear winner over the second one and in my opinion it's close behind Die Hard 3. I liked the fish out of water situation of McLane being thrown into a plot concerning cyber terrorism and I think Justin Long was a good foil for Willis. 

What is your order? Please, **PLEASE** don't just downvote people you disagree with, it runs rampant in this subreddit. Downvoting should **only** be done when someone adds nothing to the discussion. 




 Hey guys, 

I had the chance to rewatch Mel Gibson's film Apocalypto recently and it reminded me of how good of a film maker Gibson can be. What a movie. The characters, the setting, the intrigue and the action were all amazing. I was then shocked to see how it was critically received, 65% on RT is a great injustice to the quality of the film. It's a curious reaction from critics since 2006 was the year of the majority of the controversy which Mel Gibson was involved with.

To add to this, the movie garnered big support from the film industry.  

[Actor Robert Duvall called it "maybe the best movie I've seen in 25 years". Director Quentin Tarantino said, "I think it's a masterpiece. It was perhaps the best film of that year. I think it was the best artistic film of that year." Actor Edward James Olmos said, "I was totally caught off guard. It's arguably the best movie I've seen in years. I was blown away." In 2013, director Spike Lee put the film on his list of all-time essential films.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apocalypto#Critical_response)

So what did you think of the movie? Did you feel it was overrated or underrated? Were Mel Gibson's personal troubles part of the reason for such a luke warm reception? 




 Hey guys,

So last month I had a bucks and I'd been off booze and had been eating healthy for the past 6 weeks. But, come on, its my best mates bucks party. I'm going to celebrate the shit outta that and I most certainly did.

I had some guilt the following day until I actually read the report of my daily activity from my fitbit. [Holy shit did it tell a story](http://i.imgur.com/0JPbTxT.png). I had not realised how active we were. The fact that we were up at 9am till 3am with all sorts of activities during the day countered quite a bit of the unhealthy consumption that accompanied it.


Either way, have a cheat once and a while people! It helps maintain your sanity!
 




 I've read a few studies about the effects of sleep on weight loss and a common finding was that those who had solid sleep were capable of losing more than those who didn't sleep well.

How much sleep do you guys get and how do you think it's affected your weight loss?

Edit: I currently get between 6-7 hours sleep per night, but I'm starting to think that isn't enough lol. I'm not overly tired and I know that the 6-7 hours I get are solid 









 Story time!

I've been struggling with my weight most of my adult life, it became worst during my early 20s. I loved beer, loved food, loved smoking and hated exercise. A recipe for disaster indeed. 2 months ago I had enough. It wasn't a depression thing, I had become *comfortable* with my weight and I had been overall happy irrespective of it. That comfort with being a fat person lead me to just not care anymore about my weight. 

This led to a sort of apathy towards my romantic life and my weight. I didn't care how much I drank or how much I ate. That all changed 2 months ago. Several small events lead me to start. I stopped drinking, cut my portions dramatically and started exercising. I did plenty of research. /r/loseit, /r/progresspics and /r/fitness really helped. **Shoutout to you sexy mother fuckers**. I'm on an 1800-2000 cal budget and I walk 3-4 times a week 30-45 mins. I'm really looking forward to losing more weight, I can't wait to start jogging.

So here we are. 2 months in and 24 pounds down. This isn't a diet. This is a permanent fix to my broken world. I would like to thank everyone for posting as you have been, it really helps.

It may not show, but there is some serious progress in these pictures. I'll post again in a little bit. Enjoy

[**27m 5"10 SW: 285, CW: 261 GW: 220, 24lbs lost**](http://i.imgur.com/SsNNEjr.jpg)


 









 Hey guys,

I'm at week 7 (yay!) since I started my journey and it seems that my weekly weigh ins vary all over the place. I weigh myself every Monday morning at 6:15am naked, after I go to the bathroom. SW: 284.9 5"10 27 y/o male. I'm on a 1800-2000 diet, for the first 5 weeks I was walking 30-40 mins each day (less now because autumn is cold as shit). My diet has not changed.

Here are the results:

- Week 0: 284.9 lbs (first weigh in)

- Week 1: 281.6 lbs **3.3 lbs loss**

- Week 2: 277.2 lbs **4.4 lbs loss**

- Week 3: 274.1 lbs **3.1 lbs loss**

- Week 4: 267.7 lbs **6.4 lbs loss**

- Week 5: 267.7 lbs **0 lbs loss**

- Week 6: 265.3 lbs **2.4 lbs loss**

- Week 7: 264.4 lbs **0.9 lbs loss**

So as you can see there is quite a variation between each week. Obviously, early on I was shedding lots of water weight. Has anyone else experienced losses like this?

I'm going to start going walking again tonight, hopefully it isn't as cold as it has been .



 














 Hey guys,

I know that its not possible to burn fat from specific areas, but is it known the order of which the body burns from? 




 Hey guys,

There were many reasons for my decision to get my arse into gear and lose this weight. One of the more tangible ones occurred a week or so before I started. I went to kmart to get some miscellaneous items and thought to myself "Oh, I need a new belt too, my old one broke.". So being in a hurry, I quickly grabbed the largest sized belt I could and bought everything.

When I got home I tried to wear it, but I was shocked to see that I couldn't even get the ends of the belt to reach around me. What a fucking downer, especially since in my haste I didn't keep the receipt. Its been almost 6 weeks since that day and I've been working my arse off to undo all of the years since.

Today I found that belt (which I thought I threw out) and decided to try to put it on.

I'm on the **Second. Fucking. Notch.** Fuck yeah, what an excellent piece of validation. It's go time bitches. 

Also, as of this morning I hit my 20 lbs mark. Flair-eon I choose you. 




 Hey guys,

Last week I bought a Fitbit Charger HR, I've been happy with the helpful statistics and the rather robust app. It even has a good calorie counting portion of the app :)

For example, yesterday (a normal 'sedentary' work day) with a 30 minute walk stacked up 7800~ steps and I burned 3762 total calories. So with my standard 1800 calorie died, thats one mother fucker of a deficit. And that wasn't even a standard work out. I burned 2 times as many calroies during Sundays workout (which was more typical), which would've pushed me well over 4000 calories burned for the day.

Has anyone else had some interested results from their Fitbit? 









 Hey guys,

This morning was the week 5 weigh in and I was surprised to see that today my weight had not changed. Literally zero gain or loss. Since I'm a heavy lurker around here, I'm very much aware of how plateaus can occur and not to freak out and revert to my old habits. All I can do is keep to my new habits by eating correct and exercising and wait for the plateau to break.

How quickly did you hit a stall in your loss? How did you overcome it? How long did it take?

**Edit: Ok, so maybe its too soon for me to call my week without gain a 'plateau'. Lets discuss my questions then :)**

 




 Hey guys,

For years I've been doing this, I'll have a big dinner(5-6pm) then not eat again till lunch the next day with nearly zero snacking, this being the 18-20 hour fasting strategy. This was for no reason other than laziness and not normally feeling hungry in the mornings. Then after some googling, I discovered that this 'intermittent fasting' is a legitimate technique for weight loss and appetite management.

Since I've started my weight loss journey I've been following this self taught system and it seems to be working wonders. I do get hungry at around 10-11pm but I'm a stubborn bastard and I won't let it get the better of me. 

What are you experiences/opinions of intermittent fasting? 









 What a last week it has been! I started with my first weigh in on Monday 9th March at **284.9**. I cut out beer, halved my portions and started walking everyday. In the first week I was not sure if my diet was working at all. I (stupidly) was weighing myself every day and with no change at the 5th day I was convinced that I'd not calculated my caloric deficit correctly, then...

**WHOOSH**

- *Monday 16th March* came, the weigh in, **281.6**. I lost a little bit under 3 pounds in the first week. Which gave me more motivation than anything. What a damn feeling. I kept going on with this diet and exercise plan, everyday feeling better than the last. Here are the weigh ins.

- *Monday 23rd March*, **277.2**. I lost even more this week (4.4 pounds), mostly water weight I'm sure.

- *Monday 30th March*, **274.1**. Lost 3.1 pounds, slowing down a little bit. I thought *ok, water weight gone. It's been 3 weeks, time to slow down surely.*

**FUCKING WHOOSH**

- *Monday 6th April*, **267.7**.  Lost **6.4** pounds, thats 17.2 pounds in a month! I had to weigh myself 5-6 times I couldn't believe it. I'll be putting up progress pics in a month or so once it starts to show better :)

Thank you all at /r/loseit and /r/progresspics, helped me get motivated so well. You guys rock. 









 Post away guys, I want to hear all of your favourite NSVs, I know everyone has several that shocked them.

I know I'm only just starting my journey, but I've noticed several things. I'm not sweating as bad during the day during normal activities, I have energy I've not had in years and I've not slept this fully in the longest of times (may have had sleep apnea) 




 As of this morning I weighed in at 274.3, thats 10 pounds in 3 weeks. Almost 5kgs, after never having really tried to lose weight in the past I had no idea how quickly it could be done.

I walk everyday but I know confidently that the main source of this has been my control of my portions and cutting beer out of the equation. Thanks to this subreddit as well as /r/fitness and /r/progresspics. Motivation was very easy to gain from these subreddits.

Don't think I wont keep you guys updated. As an additional NSV, I'm now able to pinch the top layer of skin off my gut, I can actually feel my body breaking down the fat and my skin loosening. Good times ensue. 



















 I don't actually have a team I want to win! I know that sounds weird but since both will be awesome competition in the finals, I have no horse in this race.

This means that I can just sit back and enjoy the game! What a corker its going to be :) 




 ...Makes me nauseous. I know I've only just started my journey but with the boys bringing lots of fast food over to my place on the weekend, the smell and look of it made me feel sick. Its a good thing, I have zero cravings for it. A nice juicy steak with fresh salad and some mustard... Oh sweet jesus, now thats a fucking meal. 




 Its so hard to imagine that I could burn away something as tangible as a whole brick worth of weight in 2 weeks.

Yikes this is going to be a fun bunch of months.

Edit: For the sake of context. SW:285 GW: 220, 27 y/o 5"11 male

There is no secret to my regime. I quit drinking (I used to drink **a lot** of beer), halved my portions, drink only water (save for a coffee here and there), stopped eating take out and aside from a cheat day my diet has not really changed (meaning same similar foods, just less). I also walk 4kms per day. I use RuntasticPro to keep track of my exercise. [Here are the basic stats from the last 15 days](http://i.imgur.com/CeRa1FR.png) 









 Australia vs Pakistan at Adelaide oval! What a quarterfinal this will be!

Are we going to see some Starc magic? A massive Warner/Finch opening? Perhaps a historic batting appearance for Smith (praise be to him)?

Whose going to be man of the match? Bat or field first?

TAKING A HALF DAY OFF WORK TO WATCH THE GAME AT HOME WITH THE BOYS, WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! 














 Hey so ive just started my weight loss effort, im a 27 yo male, sw 285 gw 220, 5"11. Weeks ago I initially started by cutting back on beer, then cut my portions down. Then i started walking 4kms a day, stopped drinking beer, started drinking lots of water and added more fruits and vegis. Its been a week since my first weigh in and.. ive lost 3.3 pounds. Way more than i expected since my diet has been kind off the cuff guessing as far as calories goes. im certainly not under eating, though i do get some hunger, nothing which isnt manageable.

I was just wondering if this ammount of loss is typical for someone my size whose just started? Should i tweek my diet to have more calories? My intention was to avoid the loose skin problem by loosing weigh in a more paitent manner.

That being said, i feel great! 




 Hey guys,

Its a concern for all of us who are hoping to lose that weight, I've read up and down about how you pretty much can't do anything about the majority of the loose skin. You can stay well hydrated and exfoliate. But aside from age, gender or genetic factors, you're going to experience loose skin.

I've just started my journey and I was after some clarification as to what is a good rate of loss to best counter loose skin.

I'm a 27 y/o male, 5"11 285lbs. Target weight of 210 lbs.

Bonus points if anyone similar size to me has an experience to share on the subject :)

Edit: I should add that this issue isn't going to stop me from losing my weight, no way. 



















 Hello friends,

I've been doing some research into my own diet and exercise regime. One of things I've calculated is my BMR (base metabolic rate), its around 2300 kcal. Further investigation showed that since thats the BASE rate, I needed to factor in activity levels. So with the daily exercise I've been doing (45 minutes of 6 kmph walking), that metabolic rate jumps up to around 3900 kcal. Does that mean that on a 2500 kcal diet I'd be burning around 1400 kcal per day just from my diet plus what ever I burn from the actual exercise?

This is all very new to me, be gentle.

Edit: Those numbers were estimates off memory. But for contexts sake ill give you some info (im a metric system person so these should be right :P). I'm 27, male, 5"11, 285lb and I'm not sure on body fat %, havn't measured it. 




 Question in the title, what show baffles you as to why its so popular.

 




 What a game. Seriously what a fucking game. I knew going into Sunday that Sri Lanka would put up a fight, but this was an amazing one.

After a very strong batting performance by us, I was convinced it would be a strong win. 376 is a safe score? Right?

Almost wrong, you guys really showed heart out there. I have to agree with Pup there, I wasn't convinced in our win until the last wicket went down. The highs and lows of that game was doing some serious work on my blood pressure, at least until Englands game yesterday #lolengland

This is truly an amazing time for cricket and I look forward to our probable face off again in the qualifiers :D 
























  this is so valuable

Really? I think it's good enough. 




 If she really wants your help, I would sit down with her, hat in hand. Help her calculate her base numbers and work out an appropriate diet. Once you have that daily caloric number, get her to write down everything that she eats in that day. 

Then with her over your shoulder, count the calories with her. She needs to see the misconceptions that she has about calories first hand. It may be enough of a shock to the system to help her make the right choice.

I've learned to not be surprised by the levels cognitive dissonance that people will have when it comes to their weight. Hell, I was one of those people not that long ago.

Point is, it sounds like she really wants to lose the weight, but honestly doesn't know how. You do though, so send her on the right path :)  




  a Leo

This is worse than the Oscar snub.


Jokes aside, really good post :) 




 I feel like both of those rules could be collapsed into one rule. 




 Cheers, it's starting to get quite a few responses :) 




 "Your safe what?" 




 Telecommunication.

YOU CAN INSTANTLY TRANSMIT A SENTENCE TO ANYONE ALMOST ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD (AND OFF THE WORLD).

Imagine telling someone from the 1800s that this would be the future. 




 Speak a different language. 




 A semi funny joke about the Australian drinking culture after the cricket world cup lol 




 It actually wasn't cheaper for me. I previously worked somewhere which was a 35 minute drive or a 35 minute train ride. In the end I was driving because of the difference in price.

When driving everyday for work I was going through a tank of fuel every 2 weeks ($90~), this includes personal driving exterior to work driving.

When catching the train everyday, I would spend $55 per week. Thats $110 against the $90 for fuel. So even with maintenance costs of my car, I'm still ahead per week to drive.

That being said, I'm now at a job where I have to catch the train everyday and it's much better for my sanity.

Also, car or train - it doesn't matter, I'm listening to audiobooks. 




 Fucking booze. Holy shit, that is a lot of money wasted. I've been off the booze for the past 3 months and my savings are incredible. Believe it or not, I'm more fun at parties now because I don't blow out before 11pm and I'm down to help people with a ride home. 




 The over saturation of anything on the internet and popular culture. This isn't about a hipster view of "X is awesome because it's unknown", its about over exposure.

A joke is funny the first time, the 100th time it loses its flavour. Game of Thrones is fun to talk about, when every show on the planet makes a reference to it, it starts to lose its flavour. 




 That I'll be remembered fondly by my friends and family 




 Literally a conversation that 12 year old me and 14 year old brother had about a photoshopped Britney Spears photo.

"It can't be her, she's a virgin and that dude is going to town on her"

"Nah man, look closer. It's in the pooper, so shes still technically a virgin"

"Solid point bro"

Edit: My top comment is now about how my brother and I lied to ourselves as teenagers about anal sex. I hope you're happy Reddit. 




 I hope they keep him vegetarian haha

I want to see him munch on lettuce heads like they're grapes. 




 I was totally thinking this! I don't think I've heard him swear in the show before. 




 And the Lord Commander of the Nights Watch always gets the best wine and food. Jon Snow, you 1% bastard.

 #occupywall 




 And because you start to morph into Rob Schneider. 




 Oh right. Well I mean you could just not sing the anthem I guess? I don't recall anyone getting detention or anything for not doing it.

We were not told that 'opting out' was an option
 




 I wish those shows would put more emphasis on the most important part - diet.

But the show would be boring if you showed each person quietly eating a well portioned meal.

Showing the brutal exertions of exercise isn't going to help anyone. 




 Ahhh the ol' Taylor Swift conundrum. 




 Im getting confused are you talking about scouts? If so, I dont think so? It is a private club so they can make what ever rules they want.

You don't really get that many atheistic conscientious objecting 12 year olds, we'll just say the pledge so we can play with our friends. 




 Not saying 'scouts honour', I mean the mandate we recite. It's similar to the pledge of allegiance actually.

More specifically, the mandate ends with the generic "under god" thing too. As an atheistic teen, I didn't care enough about the words to bother omitted the god line lol 




 I literally did it when reading the title of this thread. I read it and thought "Do I do this?"

Without realising it, I'd just raised both of my eyebrows quizzically. 




 I'm wondering if the legends of Ice Dragons were exaggerated stories of reanimated dragons though. It's an interesting idea I think and fits how GRRM goes about writing 'when myth meets reality'.

Of course, the concept of 'ice dragon' could just be an allegory of Jon Snow (half Stark half Targ = Ice Dragon) 




 I've seen girls do the same thing though, I can't tell you what the intent is from everyone who calls you cute, but I wouldn't shrug it off instantly. 




 I mean, I get patriotism. For a public primary school in Australia, we had a weekly school assembly where we finished it by singing the national anthem, but that's hardly as intense as what the U.S does.

I was in the scouts for most of my childhood and none of us really cares what the scouts honour meant, we just recited it because we were told to. 




 Does anyone know if we're aware of any dragons dying north of the wall?

I know the concept of an ice dragon will probably show up in the series and I'm wondering if that means a specific species of dragon which thrives in the north or an undead dragon which is reanimated.

After this weeks episode, I'm starting to think that if the Others reanimated the old corpse of a dragon, it would be kind of awesome.

 




 My clothes are really starting to look ridiculous on me. I still don't want to buy new ones just yet, I know that in a months time ill be down a size. 




 I get it, we do have to draw a line in the sand however and while that study I mentioned asked an interesting question about the ethics, the current setup is probably what's best.

I think making abortion illegal just ends up hurting society, just like all prohibition does. 




 Now that I'm in the latter half of my 20s, I'm start to appreciate the earlier start times for weekends. I used to sleep in past noon every saturday/sunday. But now sleeping in till 9-10am is plenty.

I've actually started adding a rule where I wont sleep past 10am on Sundays because otherwise I can't get to sleep before midnight Sunday night which fucks my sleep before work on Monday.
 




 Hey guys,

As I said in the title [there is a thread on /r/AskMen about weight loss](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskMen/comments/383czs/gentlemen_of_reddit_who_used_to_be_overweight_and/) and I think it's a good idea for everyone to go post a personal story. We all know how hard it was logging that first calorie, so I hope we can inspire those who're stuck in a rut, health wise.

Thanks 




 Ok, so I'll preface this by saying - I'm by no means no longer overweight or no longer unfit. But for the first time in my life, I'm on my way there. Sorry for the wall of text.

So I've been a fatty fatty boombalatty for my entire adult life. Lots of cognitive dissonance and ignorance towards health caused my situation. At the start of this year, I was 285 lbs as a 5"10 27 yo male.

3 months ago I decided enough was enough. So I did something about it, I did my research and came to realise that **WEIGHT LOSS IS EASY**.

It's so simple, I was wondering why I ever convinced myself otherwise. **Calories in vs calories out**.

That's it. No fads, no pills and believe it or not; no exercise required. (definitely recommended though. Diet is for weight loss; exercise is for health).

I did my calculations, I saw what my daily calorie expenditure was and I started eating under that magic number every day. I quit drinking and started being a little bit more active. Wouldn't you know it, after 1 week of this I lose almost 4 pounds. Fucking magic right?

I think where most people fail is by seeing this as a *diet*. Diet implies a temporary change to allow you to go back to your original lifestyle - **this is why diets fail**. Your lifestyle needs to change **forever**. 

Another fairly common assumption is that you can no longer enjoy the foods you currently enjoy and you have to eat nothing but 'healthy foods'. **This is total and complete bullshit**. My diet has not change all that much, I just eat less. Now saying all of that, you do want to add more balance to your diet. So definitely eat more fruit and vegetables - but don't think you need to have a dinner which consists of a plate of lettuce. That's just silly. You know what my favourite dinner is?

A nice juicy porter house steak with a side of pasta salad and salad/veges. For me that's around a 800-1000 calorie meal and christ is it tasty.

Once you get your food intake undercontroll, you'd be surprised at how this affects your life. A better diet means better sleep which means better energy, which actually makes you **want** to exercise. Crazy right?

As I said, it's been 3 months and I've lost 33 pounds. If I can do it, you can do it. Don't be like me and make excuses. You know what you're doing is unhealthy and you're never going to change unless you do the work.

Please also check out /r/fitness, /r/progresspics and /r/loseit. These subreddits are **fucking incredible**, who says the internet has to be a support-less and judgmental hellhole.

Edit: it looks like someone is auto downvoting people who're saying diet is more important than exercise. Some people like being in their ignorance bubbles. 




 Pretty good, a few weeks ago I decided to fully shave my head. It looks good, but I ended up shaving the beard off too. Bad move, I look like I'm a teenager. I'm growing my beard back now :) 




 How to make people laugh, seriously - I use this more than anything. 




 You say the pledge of allegiance **every morning** at school?

Do 6 year olds even understand what they're reciting and it's  implications? 




 Truth 




 See this depends on context. I (a man) will refer to hot girls as *cute*. It's just my go to word to indicate beauty. 
 




 Ill never forget how that conversation happened, it was kinda hilarious.

I'd just started doing it with my GF at the time, but I'd obviously never told my parents (why would I? It's personal). So after we had broken up, she called me up and told me that she was pregnant (turned out to be BS, she was crazy - another story for another day).

I freaked the fuck out, I was panicking. I couldn't be a dad, she wanted to me drop out of school and be the father and support her, blah blah it was a pregnancy trap, 17 year old me didn't know that though.

So I did the walk of shame to talk to my parents, I sat down with them and through my shame explained the situation. Not shame of having sex, my parents allowed for a healthy attitude towards young relationships, shame towards getting her knocked up.

Anyway, the conversation went like this:

"She's pregnant"

"Oh? Didn't you use protection?"

"Yeah we always used condoms but a few times they've broken"

My dad's retort:

*"How do you break a condom? Doesn't the smell of burning rubber indicate you should slow down?"*

Fucking hell dad, you can't help yourself. That bad joke made us all laugh and I calmed down immediately. I was able to deal with the situation thanks to the coolness of my parents. It turned a stressful situation into a great memory of my upbringing.

Edit: words 




 I'm more worried about your feet than your shoes haha

What a *callous* suggestion  




 One could argue that flip flops are the corner stone of the simple life haha

Nothing says "simple life" quite like walking around with no socks. 




 Crappy beat up shoes for yard work.

I'm the same, I wrote 'work boots' when in reality they're just a old pair of steel toe boots which I couldn't care less about destroying in the yard. 




 You don't own flip flops? But how do you show off your rock'n toes to the ladies. 




  When we combine the two factors, we have a net reduction of violence by 40%.

Yeah, I see where you're going with that. It's about a contribution as opposed to a single reason.

I'm curious to further read studies into that, mainly because I play and watch lots of violent games/movies and so do all of my friends and we all have the same attitude towards actual violence.

I guess the main point is about ones upbringing at the end of the day. My parents taught me to treat everyone as you would want to be treated and no amount of fictitious violence will ever reverse that. 




 I'm more on the practical side, I only own 1 pair of 1 type of shoe:

- Flip flops
- Runners
- Dress shoes
- Casual attire shoes (skate shoes)
- Slippers
- Work boots 




 I'm wondering how many men actually buy shoes solely (pun intended) for practicality.

So how many pairs of shoes do you own? Do you have multiple of the same type? If so, why?

Edit: added clarification 




 I'm not going to try to sway you one way or the other, but a study was put together which caused some stir in the scientific community (can't find the source, sorry)

The experiment was to determine the moment of a newborn's life where they became self aware and conscious beings. Interestingly, they found that children up to 6 months after birth were found to be without self awareness and self consciousness. Here comes the controversial part:

They concluded that (ethically) aborting a 6 month old is no different than aborting 4 weeks into a pregnancy.

Kinda fucked up right?  




 PROHIBITION DOESN'T FUCKING WORK. 

How haven't any countries figured this out yet? 




 The problem is that the second you make the distinction of 'pedophilia is a disease', then you would have to also think 'homosexuality is a disease'. How well has conversion therapy worked for them? Fucking horribly.

Study it all you want, but I don't think it's helpful to stigmatise people on something they can't control or probably don't want. 

Also pedophilia =/= child molester. 




 It brings up the question - If you could get a test 4 weeks into a pregnancy which could determine if the child will be severely autistic, what would you do with that information if it returned positive?

It's a fucking hard question to answer, I couldn't even imagine what I would decide if it were non-hypothetical 




 If that were true, then wouldn't the rate of violent crimes be getting higher while the film/gaming industry is getting larger?

It's true that the rate of violent crimes in first world countries has been on the decline since the 80s 




 I do the same thing, but I **do** make sexual stories. It helps with immersion. Obviously this technique is about distracting your mind from thoughts of "GET TO SLEEP" and having sexy thoughts about who ever is a good way to do that. You would think this keeps you up at night, it surprisingly doesnt lol

Also, turn off all electrical devices in your room. Since I've started doing that, my fitbit tells me that I have nearly zero interruptions to my sleep. I feel so much better with 4 **solid and uninterrupted** hours of sleep over 10 hours of restless sleep. 




 Make a throw away called /u/START_ENJOYING_THINGS. 

You need to get out of your own head man. You can't think of why someone would want to talk to you? Clearly that's not correct, or the girl wouldn't have said yes :)

 




 [Sauce](http://np.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2cz2rx/do_you_prefer_sex_with_or_without_a_condor/) 




 They had no TV 




 I like that its a fresh snack which keeps for quite a long time and is very portable.  




 and .* 




 your* 




  roaring crowds

[Spoilers ADWD](/s "We all know what the noise of the roaring crowd is going to do in that episode :D")
 




 Poor OP, you're reminding us all about that time someone asked reddit "Do you prefer sex with or without a condor". 




 It's name is false advertisement. 




 I'm 33 lbs down myself and I can totally see where you're coming from. Although I didn't 'hope it would go away', I was fully aware that *some day* ill  have to do something about my healthy. 

But that *something* was always "next year" or "the year after". Excuses after excuses. It wasn't a good cycle to be stuck in.

Edit: Also, 1987 really was the best year to be born wasn't it ;P 




 Yesterday was 3 months since my first weigh in. I'm 33 lbs down and going strong.

All of my lifestyle changes are now in full affect and a part of my life. I had a house warming party on Saturday and I didn't even have the urge to drink. I was perfectly happy socialising with all of the drunk people and having a good time.

I also was far too excited for my liking about the apple I treated myself to last night lol 




  /thread 




 I'm sure you're a lovely person, who has a wealth of knowledge.

But I'm afraid you're wrong and you should be eliminated from the gene pool. Granny smith master race.

I just wish it had a more manly name, like Shotgun Ninja. 

Edit: Looks like I forgot to add the **/s**, I thought it was implied. 




 I have literally zero drive to do so. I have a normal career drive, social drive and I most certainly have the drive to find a girl and settle down with her.

But I have no want, whatsoever to raise children. Not even my 2 year old niece has changed my opinion. I'm not going to point out the problems with children, that's done alot in this thread. Suffice to say that I would rather spend my days and nights with my friends and loved ones than to raise children.

I'm 27, so there may be time for my mind to change - I can't say for sure. 




 Beer and tequila till the early hours of the morning.

I just so happened to do this the night before the hottest day of the summer. So there I am, 12pm, zero minutes sleep. Sprawled in my boxers in a hotbox of a house, unable to move or do anything but writhe in agony. While my girlfriend is in the bed with me, horny as hell trying to proposition me, but I can't do it.

Not only was this the worst hangover I've ever had to this day. I also had my first experience with saying no to sex. That was an unpleasant afternoon. 




 I (and most of reddit) are there with you, the thing is that we **all** should experience this sense of existentialism. We need the perspective of our own mortality to be able to live our lives well.

Knowing what we know, being dead won't be a problem. What was 1902 like for you?

It's the dying part which will be hard I think, perhaps this fear will change once we get older. But I can't even fathom what being on a death bed must be like.

My larger point is - don't fear death, celebrate life and enjoy your short stay here to the best of your ability! 




 Alot of it is about matching intensity. What the other poster said is right. Go for a closed lipped kiss and work your way to the deeper kiss, its not about shoving your tongue in, its about syncronising a massage between both persons tongues.

I was terrified during my teens of doing it, but it just kind of 'happened' and it felt natural. Been told im quite the kisser by many :) 




 We still don't know for sure how or why Rome fell.

I was shocked to find that out, this massive empire which existed only 1500 years ago - and we don't know what happened to it. There are some big theories. Which vary from rebellion to pestilence, but historians can't seem to agree.

I mean, I read this a few years ago and haven't checked since - perhaps there is new evidence? 




 I'm totally addicted to bass. 




 The answer is garlic. Come on, how good is taking a big wiff of a jar of minced garlic when you stop by the fridge :) 




 I hope you're talking about the books, because that's truly the best redemption arc I've ever seen. By the end of ADWD, you just want to snuggle up with Jaime and watch Netflix. For context, I'm a straight male. 




 So had you have asked me 4 months ago "train_subject5967, how often do you eat fruit  or vegetables?" I wouldn't be able to answer. I just didn't do it, in fact, I always felt kind of ill when I would try.

That seems to have changed. I currently eat twice a day for lunch and dinner and that's normally enough for me. But sometimes if I've had a good workout or if I'm feeling a bit more hungry I would just munch down on an apple or perhaps some carrots in hummus. At first, this didn't really help all that much. But nowadays, I **love** me some fresh granny smith apples (its the best type of apple, don't argue).

It's like my own little desert if I've been a good boy. You know that feeling that we all have had, the feeling of pure delight when you're chowing down on a piece of food which tastes so good that you wish it were never ending? That feeling (for me at least), used to just be reserved for a fatty piece of steak or an ice cold beer. 

Oh how the times have changed :) 




 I had that conversation recently actually, I mentioned that I was trying to lose weight and I got told "The only diet which works is a low carb one."

Tell that to the 34 pounds I've lost. I love my pasta salad and mash potatoes. 




 I cut out most of the beer.

It saddens me how much this makes a difference, I love my beer :(

Nice work though man, I bet you're going through belt buckles like it's going out of style :) 




 I have the same issues man, while the loose skin **will not** stop me from doing what I'm doing, I'm trying to actively prevent that situation from occuring.

There was an AMA last week done by an obesity doctor and I asked about loose skin. [This is what they](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/37l7tf/iama_board_certified_obesity_doctor_who_has/cro665m?context=3) had to say, there is apparently a procedure which can be done outside of surgery. 




 I hope you direct them towards this subreddit, could use some of that support to spill over :D 




 She just has to follow the 2 rules of dating for that to work:

1) Be attractive.

2) Don't be unattractive. 




 Legally required in Australia :) 




 Nice, that's amazing validation for your efforts. Ill just add - make sure you manage your expectations. You will lose weight most weeks, some weeks you'll lose nothing and other weeks it may **look** like you actually gained weight. You need to keep with it, you know it's working, keep at it! 




 From Australia - Animal Kingdom. Go fucking see it, it's one of the best gangster films. Plus, its based on a true story :) 




 My diet is currently 1800-2000 and I'm losing around 2lbs a week. 5'10 253lbs atm.

You'd be surprised how much someones BMR can be when they've let themselves go. 




 I like to ask people who say that why they think anyone would choose to be homosexual.

I would've thought the answer to that would be because "sin". It's fucked up 









 I think there are a couple of factors. Gilly has had a fucked up life and has dealt with rape that entire time, not saying it makes her immune to the threat, but there is probably some sort of conditioning. Also, she knows Sam. Knows him well. Tysha slept with Tyrion - a complete stranger. It's different.

I appreciate the parallel, but I don't think it's the same  




 A fucking frightening hitman 




 It sucks man, but you have to do it if you want to lose weight :(

I was in the same boat, I was drinking **so** much beer before I started losing. I've been sober for the past 3 months (minus 2 parties), the way I see it, I keep telling myself "You did this to yourself, you've had enough beer, it's time to let time catch up".

The reason why my friends can drink like they do is because they didn't have all those years of gluttony that I've had. I see it similar to spending years racking up massive credit card debts, it's time to start paying off that debt - sacrifices have to be made.  




 To give you context on how much I'm in the same boat as you, my stats are 27M/5'10/285220 haha

It's not a deal breaking for losing weight, but I'm curious as to if it's going to be a warzone when I take my shirt off at a normal weight.  




 Nice work man, I have nearly the same stats :)

Hows the loose skin situation? 




 I'm sorry, I know that was a joke, but I had to write that. 

It's ok, we all need to hyper-vent sometimes. 




 There is no shame in slowing down exercise and focusing on your diet, in fact if you're experincing discomfort, that's exactly what I would do. 

When I first started i was walking *everyday* and while it felt great, after a month I started to get pains in my shins because I was trying to ramp up my efforts. I dialed back the exercise to 3 days a week and I felt so much better. And guess what? My weight loss has stayed the same. 

If you do want to keep going, try some lower impact exercises until you lose more weight and gain more muscle. Swiming, boxing, cycling, eliptical, etc. These will all help with your pain issues :)

Also fucking stretch before AND after lol 




 I wish I had done this when I first started, tracking weight is all well and good but it can be deceptive! A pair of calipers won't lie :) 




 Thanks for your response! I've never heard of that procedure before, it sounds promising, especially since I'm not sure I'm vein enough to surgically remove any excess skin :) 




 Hi Doctor,

I'm 3 months into my weight loss regime. I started as a 27 yo male, 5'11 285 pounds. I'm currently 32 pounds down after 11 weeks and I feel great. I do however have some concerns about loose skin, I'm most likely going to have quite a bit of it.

Are there any legitimate methods to reduce loose skin while I'm working towards a normal weight?

Edit: phrasing 




 I'm kinda the same, I only told my close friends. But that's mainly because they already knew. It was such a drastic change in lifestyle that they noticed. 

"Its 1pm on a Saturday, why don't you have a beer in your hand train_subject5967? OMG, are you dying?" 




 #notallcunts 




 They've also never lost the Ashes! Good job Pakistan! 




 I have to say, Lena's *nailed* that smug half smile that Cersei would totally do in all her scenes last episode (Except for the last :D). When she was talking to the sparrow, that shit eating grin was so telling. 




 "We're all aware of the struggles with writing ADWD and the Meereenese Knot. Do you feel that TWOW has had a less obstructive progress by comparison?" 




 I'm so confused, what did you write? I must be an idiot, because I cant extrapolate context from those screenshots 




 But it does all the normal stuff, HR tracking, pedometer, etc 




 Hey guys,

I've had my FitBit Charge HR for 2 months now and it's great! My mum's birthday is coming up soon and she wants one just like it. The thing is that her main source of exercise is a swimming class she does several times a week, and the Charge HR is not water proof. Can you guys think of a good FitBit like device which is water proof?

Thanks. 




 I can juggle, I assume many don't know how to do that.

A few youtube videos and a boring afternoon and you can juggle just like me :) 









 I just don't want to share my "special" moment with another over-emotional infant.

I would recommend not serving alcohol then.

Source: I have loud drunk friends 




 That resolution... So hard to read the words :( 




 I bit my finger nailed my entire life until a few years ago, one day I had enough and just stopped. They look so much healthier now. Sadly due to the years of abuse, the nail is a little bit lower than it should be. Im actually kind of envious of guys with good hands now.

I also quit smoking almost 2 years ago, I'm one of those fuckers who can quit at the drop of a hate no problem though. This time its for good.

I also now brush twice a day and floss/rinse every day.

 




 You have very similar starting stats to me, but I'm 27. So what I'm going to say will be more impacting for you than me.

**Start right now, not tomorrow, not in 2 months. NOW**.

I'm so fucking frustrated with myself for not dealing with this shit years ago, I feel like I wasted my 20s. I posted a quote the other day which sums up this sense of urgency

*"The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago, the second best time is right now"* 




  You can burn 500 calories doing a lot of things

(   )
 




 I think you'll find hes not being sarcastic and he means that he has 'never thought about it that way before' instead of 'never thought of this before' 




 Nice job man, hows the loose skin situation? 




 SHITS WEAK! 




 It's currently my second favourite sitcom at the moment, it's only **just** behind Silicon Valley in quality. I love that show, I introduced it to several of my mates and they all fell in love with it 




 At first it's indescribable. That mix of butterflies in the stomach and yearning is hard to replicate.

The only other thing that has done anything close to this, is ecstasy. I have done it a few times in my younger days and the most prolific sensation of that drug is the surges of euphoria and happiness. That feeling is what I've felt for a girl I love. 

It's funny when you experience it, because I had fallen for a girl before my first experience with the drug and the second the drug kicked in, I was like "Oh god, I know this feeling... I had this on our 1 year anniversary night". Knowing that I get the same high from a girl that I get from a drug which is designed to release pleasurable hormones in your body is the ultimate  validation for your feelings. 




 Twerking is such a ridiculous fad, please stop.

Working out on the other hand... Yeah, do that ;) 




 ITT: Irony 




 The **correct** way to handle that situation was to suddenly stop making out, look down at your groin and in your best Peter Griffin voice yell ["Uh ohhhh!"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44dTHoZk-QQ) 




 I was actually suprised to hear how inexpensive it is. Apparently a 2000 calorie per day weekly pack is $90 AUD. That's actually cheaper than what I currently pay for my weekly food budget.  




 I totally agree, my diet isn't a diet, it's a change of life style. All my dinners are home cooked, I'm playing the long game.
 
























 My bros did this to me years ago (don't worry, its a fun story).

We finished playing a drinking game which I won (or lost, either way you're fucked up drunk). In my victory dance I ended up puking in the garden. I then got the sudden drunk munchies. I remembered that I had a half eaten Whopper in my car. Success! So I got my keys out of my pocket and started stumbling towards my car to get my tasty treat.

2 of my mates saw a drunken friend with his keys out walking towards his car. I don't blame them for thinking I was going to drive ahaha.

So they both kind of accosted me and wrestled the keys off me. Even in my drunkness I knew how it appeared so I tried to dissuade them.

Unfortunately "*Don't worry guys, I'm not going to drive - I'm just getting some food from my car!*"

Became

"*Guyss.. I'm just going to get a burger*"

Yeah I couldn't communicate my needs very well and I got yelled at hahaha.


I passed out soon after and the fuckers put deep heat in my underwear.

I love my friends.

**TL:DR got drunk, wanted food from my car, got called out for drink driving, deep heated genitals** 




 You can date a bros sister, but the bro has to be consulted with. Most of the time this rule will result in a 'go ahead'. It's less about asking permission (we're all fucking adults here) and more about letting your bro know first. 




 This really is the only answer. 




 That scene from Pulp Fiction confuses me. I'm in Australia and we use the metric system as much as France, but we call it a quarter pounder with cheese. The change seems stupid. 




 You had me at *meat tornado* 




 This is pretty much all you can do. It hurt for a long time, 2 years with someone means there are a lot of things which remind you of them. But time was the only thing which healed it. 




 I made a post a while ago [about how my favourite hoodie](http://www.reddit.com/r/loseit/comments/360x02/nsv_whelp_i_really_liked_that_hoodie_oh_well_i/) had suddenly become more loose fitting. Being the master of causality that I am, I determined that losing weight causes clothing to become defective.

So I decided to go hoodie shopping this weekend. I saw a nice zip up hoodie but the only size left was an XL. 

I couldn't buy an XL, I've been in the 3XL category for as long as I remember.

I guess I was wrong, the XL was a really good fit. A quick look around showed that clothes that are baggy are not clothes that actually fit. Good times.

 




 I hate this.

Both me and her are very stubborn people. But we were the best of friends for near on a decade. Until August 2013. In Australia, that is the time of year that our Aussie rules football season heads into the finals. She is a life long Collingwood fan, to the uninitiated this means that she has a over the top reaction to anything about this team.

So anyway, while I was out with several other friends we got the news that Collingwood had been eliminated from the finals. So as a joke, we all decided to coordinate a simultanious Facebook message to her

"Hey X, the power went out where we are, how did Collingwood go?"

That was it. It was a fucking joke. 

Anyway. We all immediately got removed from Facebook and she didn't return any of my calls or sms's. 

We've not meet up since. I'm not apologising. if she is willing to destroy a friendship because of a joke about a football team, then that speaks to her willingness to being my friend. 




 You're absolutely right. It's really easy to end up making a sub be upwards of 1000+ calories.

I have now adjusted what I get there down to around 800 calories. Mostly by removing the cheese and choosing better meat. 




 Most commercially sold Ice Tea. That shit is basically sugar water. 




 **REDDIT GOLD FOR EVERYONE!** 




 Procrastinating. You're about to start a new level of education and that nonsense won't hold up. 

As corny as it sounds, it's your future - don't fuck it up over laziness. 




 Me too, crossing guards are so touchy. 




 'Would' also adds a hypothetical nature to the question. 

*Would you please take out the trash?*

*Yes, I would* 

The trash is now hypothetically dealt with. 




 Ah good, it's nice to hear that the weight fluctuation can last only a few days. 




 I think that's the case now, that I've 'gained' weight. So the 1 pound loss I've registered is *actually* like a 3 pound weekly loss 




 I'm doing daily weigh ins, I wan't to see that *whoosh* happen!

So you've had a flux of weight every time you've been sore? 




 Hey guys

So I just finished a long weekend and I decided to challenge myself by going to the gym every day during it. I would normally workout twice a week on the weekends (45 minutes of cardio). This time around I did 4 straight days of cardio workouts with the Saturday session going for a full hour followed by my first bout with body resistance training.

Needless to say I'm still rather sore from the resistance training. After all of this, my weigh in yesterday showed that I'd only lost 1 pound for the week, which is smaller than usual.

So with all of that information, how likely is it that my weight has been fudge'd due to water retention? 




 I like the Stannis meltdown, it shows that the Mannis circle jerk can be broken.

To be honest, we all knew this was coming and while !book Stannis stated quite early on that there will be no burnings, that was said before he was desperate. 

The Bolton sabotage (while kinda of lazy writing wise) felt like an adaptation of some sort of set back that's coming up in the books, a set back which would make Stannis desperate. 




  **Killing Them Softly**, I made a thread about it yesterday. It looks like lots of people loved it too, but I got quite a few messages from people who have not seen it because of the reviews which is a crying shame. 

Do yourself a favour and check it out :) 




 IM SO FUCKING PSYCHED!! I had the biggest smile while watching this 




 It ended up with a 75% on RT, which isn't representative of the quality I think. I would've guessed 90%~ 




 Hey everyone,

While I'm an avid movie lover, there are still lots of films I've missed out on enjoying. Killing Them Softly is one of those movies. Thanks to Netflix I was able to watch it last night and it was incredible. 

I'm a fan of dialogue driven crime dramas and this is one of the best of them. The world, the characters and the tension are all excellent. I had no idea where this movie was going and I didn't care, I was loving the ride. 

Brad Pitt was the obvious standout, he controlled every single scene he was in. But also Scoot McNairy, he really sold the character of the junkie to me. I felt actual empathy for him, despite what he does in the film. The cinematography is also *absolutely* gorgeous. There is a rather amazing slow motion sequence involving a drive by which is amazing.

I had a blast with this movie and I feel if you're a fan of dialogue driven movies like Tarantino, then this will be a great movie for you.

What did you guys think?

**Edit: It looks like I'm not the only one who has loved this movie, do yourself a favour and check it out guys. Lots of people have seemingly made snap judgements about it because of some of the reviews.** 




 I've been consistent with my feelings towards him, irrespective of the internet. I laughed my arse off at his old shit (I still do), but he hasn't made a funny movie I like since Little Nicky. 




 I cannot fucking wait for this movie. BRING US A FULL TRAILER!!! 




 Lots happened, it was a 2 year relationship between us. So it's kinda hard to write everything out.  




 I updated my post with some further information on how we met, what else do you want to know? 




 Haha, mums is at end of may 




 Hes 2 years older than me 




 That works both ways, all my mates in the military **always** make my birthday parties, but those who go away for christmas are **never** at my parties :( 




 Sorry you asked now, aren't you :-)

OP has deliverance'd. 




 Great response! 

His responses usually are

He's definitely /u/funchords at parties. 




 Really solid post with amazing information, I do have a question though:

Do you want to *feed* on someone named Cletus, or are you asking someone named Cletus to *feed* you? 




  I personally don't use it , but now throughout the day I do tend to watch what I'm eating and count the calories for the day in my head just to give me a rough estimate.

I'm not trampling on what you're doing, since I'm doing the exact same thing. But something we both need to be constantly aware of is that when we get really close to our goal weight, we're probably going to have to use some form of proper calorie counting.

Guestimation isn't going to cut it when you need to accurately have a small daily calorie deficit.

However, that's future train_subject5967's problem :P

 




 They have so much love forearms. 




 That's the most common question I get when people find out my birthday is on Christmas eve "do you get two sets of presents?"

Of course I did! :D

The benefit of having a brother who I live with with a birthday 4 days from mine is awesome combined birthday parties that I only have to half organise :D 




 I totally get what you're say, but my biggest ambition is to find me a lady friend :)

I'm 100% sure of that. I broke up with my last girlfriend because I wanted to be single while I was working on my career. I've been working on my career and I've enjoyed being single. I'm ready and willing to settle down :)

I don't want to be romantically lonely for the rest of my life, just like I don't want to be unemployed for the rest of my life. So I guess in that way I'm 'filling a hole'. 




 When it's smoked tuna it removes much of the fishy-ness. Also when it's mixed with the tomatos and spices it accentuates really well. 




 I work as a software developer and I work with a lot of testers and business analysts. I've been working in this career for almost 4 years and the business analysts and testers are almost **always** female. 

So back to your question - I have no experiences what so ever with gender dynamics. Everyone is respectful and friendly. Gender is not something which has ever come up, everyone is there to work and work we do. If we socialise, we do so with great affection.

This is why I struggle so much with some of the SJWs out there, they scream bloody murder and tell these stories about gender injustice, but I just don't see it - ever.

The people I know all treat each other with respect, irrespective of gender, politics, religion or sexual orientation. 




 How's everyone in this thread doing today?

*uncomfortably averts gaze* 




 A girl I was pining over for months offered to pick me up and drive me to work. Along the way, she was acting weird. So we kept driving as we pulled up, she turned to me and said "I broke up with X", I had ran over this scenario in my head over and over and over and I still was not prepared for it.

She was staring at me and I froze up, I wanted to kiss her I wanted to hug her, but I didn't want to take advantage. So my brain shut down, after at least 10 seconds of staring at each other (it felt like hours). She scoffed and threw her face at me in a passionate kiss. 

Turns out she broke up with him because she wanted to be with me.

**Edit:** To add further context and embarrassment - we had met, hooked up (while she and her BF were on a temporary break) and parted ways, she then started dating her ex full time (who has the same first name as me, make of that as you will). We had such a strong connection that she contacted me out of the blue and we started hanging out, strictly platonic, I don't cheat. We talked almost everyday and became best friends very quickly. As the months drew on, her relationship started getting rocky. (No, it wasn't because of me. Their relationship was in trouble before she even met me, thus the temporary break). One night when we were out at a party, a friend (who didn't know about her BF) assumed by the way she was looking at me that she was interested in me, after asking her about her obvious feelings for me she bursted into tears and ran away from the party.

I ended up chasing her down to find out what was wrong, we had a weird little moment where she admitted she loved me and didn't know what to do. I told her I felt the same way, but it's not fair to string her SO along like this. She agreed the event as described above occurred the following week.

**So as you can see, when she said "I broke up with X", that was her basically yelling "I want to be with you". So I did get the hint but I was stuck like a deer in the headlights on how to react to it.**

**Edit 2:** As a follow up, [I wrote a post the other day about how we first met](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskMen/comments/38cv83/would_you_go_home_with_a_girl_you_met_in_a_bar_if/cruotla). We had a 2 year relationship after all of the events above. There is a lot that happened during that time so it would take too long to go over all of it.

**Edit 3:** I've been PM'd a few times to ask what happened after she broke up with her Ex. Ill give an outline. So finally, after months of knowing each other and having the most intimate relationship we've both ever had. We **finally** had sex and it was the most explosive and intense sex I've ever had. It was full of passion and affection. The best way I can describe it as is **pure unrelenting lust**. We both wanted each other in every way available and couldn't have enough. 

Our sex life was like that for much of the 2 years we dated after that. It never reduced in intensity, which was incredible. It wasn't just the sex life, it was the connection we shared. Those who've met someone they can just talk to about anything while never breaking eye contact and never being uncomfortable with silence, know exactly what I'm talking about. But I was an idiot 19 year old and I didn't stop the oncoming train which I created.

She broke it off with me because I was an idiot. I wasn't willing to make changes to my life (for the betterment of myself) that she wanted. I was gaining weight, smoking, drinking too much and I was spending more time fucking around with my mates or playing video games than finishing my studies. This immaturity ended up ruining the relationship with this girl. My first love, she was perfect guys. I'm serious. In 2 years of dating we almost never fought, and if we did then it was always resolved quickly.

It's been 8 years since that day and I still think about her. I still think about her smile, her smell and her voice. Everytime I see a redhead I think for a moment that it may be her and she wants to get back with me. I've not spoken about this for years to anyone, I strangely feel cathartic just spelling it out to you guys. Thanks for that.

 




 The real question is, what order? 

Also FYI, */r/thosearetheheartandsoulofreddit* doesn't exist :( 




 Having the far better situation during a pregnancy : / 




 tl;dr read this thread, that's some sad shit :( 









 Fucking Taken. 




 Yeah, it has better character development. 




 Forced two girls in our class who were wearing satin boxers longer than their school dresses to remove them in front over everyone in the middle of class. For clarification, it was an old lady teacher and it was kinda fucked up now that I think about it. 




 Oh you better believe I did/still do. 




 I know that feeling! I get it on the walk from my office to the train station on a Friday afternoon. Best feeling ever. 




 [Link for the lazy](http://www.reddit.com/r/LadyBoners/comments/17fl4o/one_of_my_friendshes_pretty_adorable/c8540j5?context=3) 




 Don't have kids or pets. 




 Haha, your title is still making me laugh. 

I misread it as:

What was your worst shit**?** that sounded much better in my head' 




 Phone call, or SMS if I'm in a movie. 




 Each sentence you wrote was its own rollercoaster. 




 How typical is this? A close female relative of mine is looking to have a divorce and they have a 2 year old involved. I would hate for her to shut off because of it :( 




 I just posted the recipe in my comment, it is like a casserole, yes. 




 Absolutely, the main culprits for calories are obviously the cheese and the pasta. There is no reason I couldn't also reduce the amount of pasta in the dish and perhaps add something else to it. Diced carrots could work quite well for a filler :) 




 I'm currently 27 and I'm looking to settle down. I'm ready to start a LTR. I have a stable career and nearly have enough to buy a house. I would love to find someone to move out with, I'm done being single.

That being said, I'm not ready to start a family. Not right now anyway. I'm still not sure if I'll ever be ready, it's kind of terrifying actually. What if I'll never want kids? What a the chances of relationships working out if that doesn't change.

I would be totally upfront about that. I could definitely handle some casual dating, but if I find someone worth settling down with, I'm happy to do that forever. 




 So there was a meal which I used to cook quite often before I started my journey. Tuna pasta bake. It was simple and oh my god was it delicious; carb and cheese loaded deliciousness.

I would make a big batch and get 4 meals out of it. After I started losing weight I decided to do some calorie counting for this meal. I was shocked, the entire meal was around 6000 calories, so by splitting it into 4 meals it was around 1500 calories each meal.

No fucking wonder I was going over my daily limit, that is 75% of my daily calorie needs.

I then got a little bit sad because, I realised that I can't eat like I used to. But after some further calculations, if I were to reduce the cheese I added to it and then broke it down into 6 servings instead of 4, then that would limit each serving to 800 calories. I now can budget it into my daily diet, so while it isn't something I will eat everyday - I can keep it frozen for meals down the line.

Just because you're cutting back portions, doesn't mean you cant enjoy the food you love :)

**Edit: I'm bored and hungry, so ill post the recipe ;)**

- Grated cheese, 500g

- Penne pasta, 500g

- Canned tuna in brine, 420g

- Canned diced tomatoes, 800g

- Garlic salt

- pepper

- Need 2 saucepans, one of pasta one for sauce, pasta strainer and baking dish.

*Instructions*

- Preheat oven to 200c and start boiling water for pasta. Heat a pan with oil, then add the canned tomatos and a cup of water.

- Stir for a bit, then add garlic salt and pepper, keep simmering till the mix is thick. Take off the heat after around 5-10 minutes.

- Drain the tuna and place into the sauce and mix well.

- Cook penne pasta in the water, once the pasta is cooked, strain the pasta and mix it in with the sauce.

- Add half of your cheese to the mixture and stir well. 

- Base the casserole dish and place the mixture into it, then cover it evenly with the remaining cheese.

- Place into the oven till the cheese on top fully melts.

**Bingo, you have lift off. A very inexpensive meal which is absolutely delicious**

 




 I miss cheese, but after seeing how calorically rich it is, it's been easy to avoid. 




 Right, here we go. 

So to set the scene, its a 16 year virgin old me. Never had a girlfriend before. I end up meeting this girl through work, we hit it off and end up dating. Over the course of the next 10 months more and more lies start to pile up. I would like to preface this by saying that I was a foolish youngster who had no reason to think someone could be a compulsive liar and I was finally getting laid - so I was able to be in denial about the problems with her. Here we go:

She tells me that she was not a virgin, but had been kidnapped and raped over the course of 2 weeks the previous year by a group of guys. She apparently broke free with the help of a innocent bystander and with help of the doctors afterwards, she was able to have surgery to restore her lady business to "exactly as it was before the ordeal", so she would conveniently appear to be a virgin.

She tells more progressive lies about medical conditions she has. She would have 'seizures', and I was told by her to attend to her when it happens, hold her, comfort her, etc. After this happened a few times, I was growing suspicious since she could apparently retain all of the memory during the seizures which I'm told isn't how they work. So one night, while I was trying to get to sleep she was apparently not getting enough attention, so after checking if I had fallen asleep yet, she started to seize in front of me. I pretended to be asleep while she writhed around on the bed. I could see out of my partially closed eyes as she noticed I was 'asleep', she immediately stopped seizing, looked at me and then shrugged and rolled over. After I brought up her condition to her mother (who said she had no idea about it), the seizures seemed to disappear. Funny that.

She would tell complicated lies about my best friend who was suspicious of her bullshit. One time almost convincing me that he had forcefully grabbed her and tried to force himself on her. This girl really liked to play the rape card. More on that soon. She also started spinning lies about how the attacker who had her kidnapped was back in her life and started threatening my life, she told me of an envelope she apparently received with a picture of me doing yard work. I was so scared.

After finally having enough with her, I broke it off. I had finally caught her in enough lies that I bit the bullet. Immediately after I did that I started getting crying phone calls and text messages. She wouldn't leave me alone. She then lied and told me that she was pregnant and that I needed to leave school, get back together with her and be a father. [I made a post here elaborating on this](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/385al8/how_did_you_tell_your_parents_you_were_sexually/crsfyy0) and with the help of my parents I was able to see through her bullshit and after confronting her by making her take a pregnancy test in front me, twice. It confirmed her bullshit once and for all

I started getting more phone calls from other people I've never met before. Turns out she was going around telling station rats that I had been a violent boyfriend who had raped her while my brother video taped the whole thing. After she got pregnant from this, I then pushed her down a flight of stairs because she wouldn't get an abortion. These violent phone calls I would get never amounted to anything luckily, but my brother was accosted by some station rats with baseball bats after work, they ended up smashing in a coworkers car thinking it was my brothers. Completely fucked up situation. After that, the direct attacks on me and my brother started to end. I was finally knowing peace.

Until a few months later when my sister started acting out in the family, she was distant, would sneak out and do all sorts of stuff which wasn't typical of her normal quiet nature. Turns out my cunt of an ex had started manipulating my sister to get back at me. I wont go into detail but my very impressionable sister was getting close with the wrong crowd and after some worrying behaviour I had a sit down with her, who had only ever heard my ex's side of the story. After a long and candid conversation explaining what had happened between us, my sister came to her senses and broke off their relationship.

All this happened almost a decade ago and I guess I've kind of suppressed it. It was a completely fucked situation and I had a **really** hard time trusting women after that. I think it also explains why now days I have a hard time dealing with sympathy diggers.

I've learned my lesson and I've not stuck my dick in crazy since.
 




 FYI, in Australia we stand to the left and walk to the right. This is also true for driving on the road and walking on the sidewalk. 




 There is a limit to this. I'm never going to fully understand physics, but I'm proud that I have learned some of it. 




 Just attach a padlock to it when they're not looking. 




 I appreciate your judgement, as a fatty who's 30 lbs down I wonder what people think when they see me smash out a good cardio session at the gym :) 




 The inability of some people to work in a customer facing job. 

I don't need you to go above and beyond your position, but I expect some damn customer assistance. I worked in retail for 7 years and every single time someone approached me with a query, I would (with a smile) be friendly, helpful and would address their query in a timely manner.

**I was being paid to be the front end of the store**, why the fuck is this lost on so many people?

I constantly will see obviously bored people, who roll their eyes and do the bare minimum to assist me while being mono tonal and somewhat rude. 

I get it, you don't enjoy your job. Go fucking work somewhere where you're not the face of the company then. 




 I am also lazy as duck

Paging /u/fuckswithducks 




 Really good post man, you know what we need?

A wave of scientific consensus towards the effects of actual medical conditions and obesity. I'm so sick (heh) and tired of hearing so many people blame a self diagnosed condition as an excuse for shitty living.

Much like the climate change denying movement, we need a large scale effort in debuking such misinformation. 




 It wasn't the present itself, its the context of the present.

My birthday is the 24th of December and my brothers is on the 28th, we're both very used to getting a combined birthday/christmas present, that's fine.

One particular year my sister bought me a DVD of Hot Fuzz for Christmas, fuck yeah - I love that movie. The conversation went something like this.

"Thanks sister, this is awesome"
"No worries train_subject5967, now that's a shared birthday and christmas present for you and your brother"

That's right, she spent $20~ on a 4 in 1 present for me and my brother. I didn't really care all that much, I'm sure money was tight, I just thought it was a funny piece of ingenuity. 




 What I loved about that was how fucking close it was to the books. There were some slight choreographical changes, but otherwise it stayed true to the book. 




 The Raid and The Raid 2.

Both of those movies had the most incredible and dynamic fight scenes I've ever seen. 




 You and me both. It seems most of the criticisms isn't due to the entertainment value of the movie, its around some ancillary thing . Over the top cameos for example. 




 Letting myself go at the age of 21. I had broken up with a wonderful woman and instead of working to make myself better, I kept letting laziness take over. I'm 27 now and I'm now working to undo all of those years of abuse towards my own body.

My regret is that I feel that I've wasted the majority of my 20s in a sorry state. 




 Ser Arthur Dayne. 




 I read somewhere that excessive body fat acts like estrogen, thus males getting more "femaley"

Hold on, I remember reading something about this. That's why obese men develop that gynomastia (or how ever you spell it). Now that makes more sense.

I'm in the same boat about the facial hair man, im 27 and I still cant grow it well for the upper cheeks and that area in the middle of your moustache (I call it the reverse Hitler.) 




 "meat **lover** pizza"

Yeah, without the pluralisation, it's still oddly sexual. 




 Everytime you post, your links stay blue for me. It's not that I'm disgusted, I'm actually rather impressed.

It's just that I'm worried something will get triggered. 




 Yeh, nah she'll be roight.

Don't mind me, just setting the scene. 




 "Your kid sure is cute"

Oh god what an ugly baby : / 




 Rather than posting everything, I'm just going to post what happened this time last year.

June 5th 2014 I got a job offer after 2 months of unemployment. I'm still at that job now :)

Yay

 




 "Hi, I'm train_subject5967, what's your name?"

Works a treat 




  Yeah, it was a strange couple of years.

:|

 




 It wouldn't make a difference and I would question the people who think otherwise. Of course this depends on the skill that you're talking about.

I couldn't care any less if a girl doesnt have my computer programming skills, but if she has no ability to handle her own finances that may be a problem, unless she is willing to learn. 




 /thread 




 It's going to be hard, but it needs to be said. Many years ago my first serious GF had to have that conversation with me. It sucked but knowing where you stand will help if he wants to make the change.

He may think that you're indifferent to his eating habits, thus why he does what he does. 




 My ex told me that mine tastes better when I transfer her a weekly shopping allowance. I'm starting to think this whole thing was a ruse. 




 Ask leading questions to find interests. Quick example - *What do you do for a living?* - if they're a student, you can go from there and ask them what they're studying, where they're studying, what is their plan after studying, etc. If you have personal anecdote about something they've said, share it! Keep the conversation going. Ask questions and be genuine.

They just mentioned that they're studying something you've never heard of? Ask them to give you a brief run down. If they're working full time instead of studying, then ask them about their job in a similar manner as above. You'd be surprised how many stories and questions you can come up with from just about any topic. 

 




 I'm figuring it's something like that, there are some seriously strange and unexpected side effects of weight loss out there. 




 Instructions completely clear - dick stuck in fan 




 Depends on the girl.

Let me explain.

While away on a holiday with my school friends, we were organising a party at our place that night. We bumped into a group of girls during the day. So being the super confident dudes that we were, several of us approached them and struck up a conversation. We ended up inviting them to the party that night (god I miss confident 18 year old train_subject5967). So anyway, they said yes.

In this group, there was a stand out girl. Smart, pretty and extremely funny. My friend and I on the drive back both called dibs on her. He ended up backing down as long as "I could close the deal in 20 minutes". Pretty tall order.

Anyway, the girls turned up and me and this girl hit it off. One thing led to another and we disappeared into a bedroom. There we were, both in a locked room. She told me straight away "Long story short, I'm not sleeping with you tonight. Nothing personal, it's just my rule". I decided to go with it instead of bailing.

It was one of the best decisions of my young adult life. We ended up spending most of the night lying in bed, making out, laughing and talking. It was like a fucking movie. We had the best time.

After spending the night in each others arms, I was totally smitten. Over the next week we spent nearly every night drinking, talking and hooking up. Still no nookie though. That was **totally** fine, those who have had a true connection with someone know what I'm talking about.

I'm happy to tell the whole story if you guys want, but suffice to say that if I had bailed on her the second she declined sex, I would've missed out on my very first love. 




 I almost thought about tagging this as a NSV, but I noticed in the shower today that my underarm hair has gotten thicker... I'm a fair haired guy and over the years of obesity I noticed my underarm hair was getting thinner. Now it seems to have started to grow back. 

Is this a normal part of weight loss? I'm happy I guess, it used to look like I shaved my armpits. 




 So 3 months ago, I'd had enough. So I decided to make a real effort to change. So far, so-fucking-good. 

- 27/M, 5'10'' SW: 285 CW: 252 GW: 190

I'm currently losing around 2 lbs a week consistently, so my main goal will to be keeping that weekly loss going for the next 12 weeks. Which means I'll be able to get past 50 lbs lost well before the 12 weeks are up.

In late August I have a planned camping trip (proper camping, none of this porcelain toilet nonsense) and I would love to be in crazy good shape for that trip. In previous years I've struggled with some of the physical needs of the trip. Not this time.

At the moment I'm doing 2-3 gym sessions per week. They consist of 45~ minutes on the tread mill:

- 5 minute warm up

- 10 minute fast walking

- 5 minute jog

- 10 minute fast walking

- 5 minute jog

- 5 minute fast walking

- 5 minute cool down

My end plan is to gradually reduce this watered down cardio session to a full jogging session. I'll be periodically increases those jogging intervals as time passes.
 




 Don't be such a negatron. 




 That's a perfectly fine thing to think about, but I think you're missing the big picture here...

You've already proven how strong willed you are! To lose 50 lbs is an insane achievement! If you stuck with the initial change of diet, you're totally ready to adjust it further to meet your goal. 

I'm currently eating a 2000 diet, but I know once I get to your level of loss, I'll need to readjust my diet just like you need to. I'm ready for it! Show that will power :) 




 I know the fear you're speaking of, I have around 100lbs to lose and I'm worried how my stomach will look. I've taken solace in the number of photos I've seen where people have had minimal loose skin with that kind of weight loss. It **does** happen.

I'm the same with you though, it's not going stop me from doing what I'm doing. 




 I've not seen it yet (doing so tomorrow), but this the the one thing I care about. It can suck, it can be boring, but it better not try to reinvent the wheel. The movie could be made with minimal reference to the show, but the main aspects of the show need to be in the movie. Brotherhood, growing up and defining yourself.

It's currently 32% on rotten tomatoes, but from what I read, those who're fans of the show enjoyed it. 




 That's not the realisation I meant, I mean show her *exactly* how much each piece of food is. She might think a salad is low cal, when it's not in her case. 




 "And then he gave a ton of money to /u/thehonestyfish, for ~~no reason~~ **snake oil to fix his curable cancer**."

FTFY
 




 Toyota. I've only ever owned Toyotas and while my friends all have persistent car troubles, mine have never needed more than the standard wear and tear services. Not only that, the parts and very cheap. 




 (Spoilers All) The white walkers can't swim


I'm not saying the white walkers can swim.

I get what you mean, but this is still funny as hell 




 Hello fellow Australian :)

Nice work, it's never easy to give up old habits. I've been off the beers for almost 3 months now and I can tell you... It's been kind of awesome. I'm saving a ton of money, I'm having better sleep and socialising at parties is actually easier.

While I do miss the shit out of a nice cold one with dinner, I have lots of metaphorical debt to pay off before I can do that again.

 




 The proverbial proof is in the proverbial pudding, isn't it?

Shit loads of people from this subreddit have lost tons of weight without any exercise. I had a 3 week break earlier last month from exercise and my rate of loss was pretty much the same.

Exercise is still extremely important, but I'd rather see a skinny out of shape person over an obese out of shape person. So if exercise is a deal breaker, telling someone to focus on their diet is perfectly fine. As long as you preface that advice with a mention of how important exercise is *as well*. 




 Next time get diet cocaine fries.

Nice one :D 




 I think the you underestimate the number of underrated under-appreciation threads. 




 Seriously? That's a rather stupid thing to let lose. If they do plan 'for the watch' to occur, why reveal something like this? 




 Wait a minute, this didnt happen in this weeks episode, why are we discussing this OP? /s 




 Wouldn't it be funny if they *did* include the rattleshirt/mance bait and switch from books and Tormund just beat Mance Rayder to death haha 




 You really dodged a bullet there 




 When ever she repackages askreddit threads with a slightly different question. 




 Paper? Like from the toilet? 




  misinformation (or lack of information)

While both of these are the problem, I'm sad to say that there is probably more *misinformation*. Which makes me fucking sad. 

Think about it, somewhere an overweight person is spending their small amount of spare money on a pill they saw which guaranteed them something for nothing. Or there is someone who has a disease which stops them from being overly active, but because they were always told "you need to exercise to lose weight", they've given up hope and eat their sorrows.

I'm in the same boat as you, I really enjoy the 2-3 gym sessions I do each week. It really is a mental and physical boost. It falls back on the common saying in /r/loseit.

**Weight loss = 80% diet + 20% exercise**
 




 June 3rd, 2015 - the day Reddit stood chill. 




 **Cunty McFucksticks**

Hey, that *is* fun :) 




 Whiskey in a Jar by Metallica, that shit is incredible. 




 PUT THE RABBIT DOWN, SIR 




 The problem is the misinformation out there. If society tells you that you can't lose weight without exercise (obviously nonsense) and you can't exercise, then you can't lose weight in your own eyes. The amount of people out there who're not willing to try because 'exercise is hard' is staggering.

Hell, I was one of those people not that long ago. We all hold onto our ignorance and don't really like to hear a contrary truth. Especially when we've been telling ourselves these 'truths' for many years.

So while you may feel it trivialises your efforts (and it does), you have to see it from the perspective of the uninformed. 




 In the vast majority of cases fat people are fat because they eat too much, not because of genetics. 




 Had to read your post a few times to get it haha

That's actually an awesome idea to help conceptualise your efforts! Now what weights 30 lbs that I can strap to my body... 




 I don't suppose you have it? For posterity? 
























 I'm sorry to see them swap out the main female lead

This might change your mind.

The plot is based around a incident in Sioux Falls in the 1970s. This incident involved Molly's father (Lou) and is canonical to the series, infact it was referenced in season 1 several times. So while it will have a new set of leads, there are plenty of references to keep the series whole :)

I'm really fucking excited for this one.



 




 Cum inside (   ) 




 I'm so glad that you used 'than' instead of 'then'. It would've been a hilarious title if you had though :) 




 Australian reporting in. People can live off being a server down here. Tipping seems entirely stupid as a concept. That being said, I do unload any unwanted shrapnel in the tip jar at coffee shops. 




 I think the problem is that wedding tackle in yoga pants will likely scare children. 




 My most prolific relationship started as a random hook up and ended up after a long battle becoming a fantastic LTR. I wrote  a [post](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskMen/comments/38fd7t/ok_askmen_now_that_weve_heard_your_stupid_stories/cruy75f?context=3) about it a while back.

Now that I think about it, nearly all of the girls I've dated have been from just random encounters. 




 This is the thing though, friend zone has become bastardised. I always thought it meant that extremely rare woman who knowingly strings a guy along to get free shit from him. Nowadays, anytime some dude gets rejected he gets 'friend zoned'. It is embarrassing. I hate the word entitlement, but it kinda applies there. 




 - Black science man. 




 Having hair. 

I see posts from women who talk about loving guys hair. I started going bald at 22 and at 27 I now fully shave my head. So while I'm ok with it, when you hear that having hair is a deal breaker, I do get some insecurity with it. 




 I find zero need to rely on it. My parents brought my siblings and I up with no mention of religion. I have a awesome family, good morals and a positive future. All without religion. 




 Its gotta be, right? 




 Yeah, rub that lamp (   ) 




 How has no one referenced the [Beck v Eiland-Hall case](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beck_v._Eiland-Hall) of 2009. This is honestly one of the funniest things you'll read.

A satirist used Glenn Becks obnoxious style of 'journalism' to insinuate that Glenn Beck raped and murdered a girl in 1990.

It's insanely funny and he ended up winning the suit. It also ended up becoming a rather amusing example of the Streisand Effect.

 




 knock on wood  (   )  




 It's true, I'm obviously not doing what I'm doing for the reaction of others. But that look is pretty damn awesome.

When my friend called me ravishing, it was rather funny. I was talking to her and I took off my hoodie. I then noticed her looking me up and down, it was like really obvious and she just kinda stopped me in the middle of my sentence "Holy shit, have you lost weight, like - a lot of weight?"

 




 Route and Router.

Australia is inconsistent at times. 

We pronounce 'Route' as 'Root' but we don't call a 'Router' a 'Rooter'.

Americans have us beat on that I guess.

For further hilarity, *root* is slang for sex in Australia.

So Route 69 is funnier than ever. 




 Can confirm.

**Wooster sheer sauce: am Australian.** 




 Thanks! You should've seen her face when I got off the scale. It was awesome. 




 She didn't know what a blowjob was.

So I first heard the word 'blowjob' in the school yard and in my innocence I asked my brother what it meant. He being the older sibling told me to ask our mum (prick was fucking with me). I asked mum, with literally no idea what it was and she said "Oh I have no idea". I went through life happy with the notion that my mum has never heard of oral sex before.

Years late this story took a more R rated revision, much laughter was had and all of it was at my expense.

**Edit: I want to follow that up with a nicer story**, growing up I had a very active imagination and I used to get really horrible and vivid nightmares. It was rather crippling. I had one reoccuring one where I would dream about a monster in my closet. I had this dream several times a week and my mother rushed into my room asking what was wrong, I tearfully told her about my dreams so she said she was going to get the *monster spray*. "What's *monster spray?*" I asked "You've never heard of this? It's a old family secret for getting rid of those nasty monsters". 

So she took this unlabeled water spray bottle and sprayed the closet. I had never slept better after that. I got placebo'd and I love her for it. 




 Unless you're like me and you just started doing strength training. My body hates me haha 




 I'm sorry to hear about that /u/Sarahthelizard.

Are you at least being accepted into the lizard community? 




 I was asked something last night which made me think. Someone asked "Woah, why are you in such a good mood?". It's a simple enough question, but upon thinking about it...


This has been a good fucking week.  


First, I finally had my **whoosh** and dropped a chunk of weight. This drop brought me down to a BMI of 35 (that's 6 bmi points since I started 3 months ago), that's 38 lbs dropped and 4 inches off my waist.

Also, a friend who noticed my weight loss referred to me as 'ravishing'. That one hit home :)

This surge of awesomeness gave me some serious motivation and I've been hitting the gym with more fervor then ever. I had initially been doing a 4 mph fast walk for 45~ minutes with small 5 mph jogging increments, this week I was able to have a total of 15 minutes of jogging into my 45~ minute work out. This is without any soreness or discomfort [(Here is the FitBit graph for that workout, I love me some data)](http://i.imgur.com/d4UGzZn.png). I can actually take on stairs without any shortness of breath. Adding to this, after Mondays workout while stretching my calves I noticed a dude staring at my calves. He then said "nice calves man", as a straight guy, I'm not used to getting random dude compliments - it was pretty awesome.


And finally, nearly 3 months ago I had a physical with my doctor, where I announced that I was going to lose weight. She was supportive and gave me lots of information to help me, but she had this weird tone in her voice, like she had heard this 1000 times before and she was almost reading off a script. She kept on mentioning for me to manage expectations and ensure discipline and all that stuff. I knew even then that this time was different than the other times. I knew I could do this. I still can't explain why.

So yesterday was our 3 month follow up to discuss my progression and do any further blood work (had worries about my iron levels, turns out I'm ok! :D). She was beyond excited to see my progress, she admitted that she constantly see people who can't follow through and it's rare to see such spontaneous progress without some sort of mortal danger precursor. According to her, she wants to *bottle me up for her other patients*.

One of the things she asked was where I get my motivation and accountability from. I told her that I'm accountable to myself but as far as support and motivation goes, I proudly nominated reddit. I explained to her /r/loseit, /r/progresspics and /r/fitness. She had never heard of them but upon hearing about it exclaimed that she will for sure pass on these links to her other patients.

Thank you guys for being awesome. 

Regards,

train_subject5967, that dude with the ravishing calves.


**Edit for context: 27/m/ 5'10 SW: 285 CW: 247 GW: NOTAFATSHIT** 




 Hey Channing,

You were honestly the **best** thing about Foxcatcher. I say that fully understanding and accepting Steve Carrel's amazing performance. I think you were robbed as far as awards are concerned. You've shown that you can really nail a dramatic performance.

Are we going to see more of Channing in these powerful dramatic roles in the future? 




 Really good article, as a lover of the book this has given me more confidence in the adaptation.

..I see him [Watney] as this very funny but very, very smart guy, which is something I talked to the writer about, Drew[Goddard]. **He described it as a love letter to science**..

This sentence made me happy. 




 Sucks to hear, because that dude can act. He was one of my favourite parts of Reservoir Dogs. 




 **Sugar-Free** Space Jam

FTFY 




 Jesus fucking christ, that was a rollercoaster to read.

I'm glad to see you're on the bandwagon, well done :)

read your labels

This I can totally agree with. It's so important to get a proper gauge for what you're eating.  




 For me it was a mix of ignorance and deception for sure. I was the same as you and equated weight loss with exercise. Sadly that general ignorance is still very much rampant in society.

With all the information all over reddit, I'm down 37 pounds in almost 4 months. I fucking hate how I could let ignorance fuel me so much. 




 This isn't about me, it's about my sister. She married a guy about 4 years ago and had a kid 2 years ago with him.

The thing about his side of the family, is that the mother is a controlling bitch and has my sisters husband under her thumb. Initially when they agreed to get married, they were both living with his mother (lets call her **Attila the Mum**). That was a little dysfunctional since he was well into his 20s. But what ever.

Since they've had the kid though, my sister has been trying to move out and start their own life away from his family. You know, like normal people. But Attila won't allow that.

She has him under her control so much, that he's actually convinced he's not capable of living away from home. This ended up causing a rift where my sister couldn't take it anymore so she gave him the reasonable ultimatum *"We're married, we either move out together or we break up."*

He chose his fucking mother. Unbelievable. Since this split, my sister has been living with my parents temporarily (my parents promoted a healthy attitude towards moving out asap). This whole thing has been beyond awful and now we're getting all of this bullshit where *doctors* that Attila knows have stated that my sister is an unfit mother and that she should be with Attila.

Now that really makes my fucking blood boil, my sister is the most kinda hearted mother I know, she has wanted to work in child care as far as I can remember. 

Long fucking story fucking short. I wish my sister had thought more about marrying and having a child with someone who is still by all accounts - a child. I honestly can't even fathom parents who actively keep their kids from moving out. It's your responsibility to prepare them for the real world you fucking narcissists.

**TL:DR my sister is regretting not giving further scrutiny to her new family before getting married.** 




 Really good points, thanks for that.

But lets say that TWOW comes out before season 6 (here's hoping :D), that means that we won't be spoiled for any TWOW content.

We're still going to have the show spoil the last part of the story as the show will be long finished before ADOS. So while it's good that in delaying TWOW info this season, we have been given a reprieve from spoilers for TWOW. It is just that, a reprieve. We're still going to see the show's adaptation of the series finale :( 




 Blizzard CS for my wow friends.

VicRoads for any of my Australian friends living in Victoria. All traffic accidents are reported near instantly :) 




 I don't necessarily do cheat **days** as much as I do cheat **meals**. This also varies in frequency, could be once a week, could be once a fortnight.

The main thing I reserve cheat days for, is alcohol.

I've been off the booze for almost 4 months and I've only had drinks twice since then. Once for a bucks and once for a friends 30th birthday. I'll only indulge for special occasions.

The next time I'll be drinking is the upcoming weekend. I'm traveling interstate to visit a friend who've I've not seen in months. This is going to be a cheat weekend it seems, at least as far as alcohol is concerned :) 




 Hey guys


So I've been more avid of late to hit the gym, this has consisted of 2-4x 45 minute long cardio sessions per week.

Initially it was just fast walking, but I started adding bouts of jogging here and there and before I knew it, I was doing 2x 5 minute jogs in my 45 minute session. 

The other week I started getting some pain in my ankles and foot arches. I realised the main culprit.

My running shoes.

They were old and most certainly not longer doing their job for me amping up my efforts. I went out and spent $200 on a new pair which were fitted for my and **holy shit** has that made a difference.

The first session back with my new shoes I ran 2x 10 minute jogging without any discomfort at all. I'm now far more comfortable increasing my efforts as time goes on. 

Do yourself a favour and invest the money, it will make a difference :) 




 Thanks for this, as a metric system dude this has always confused me. 




 I lost my virginity on Australia Day, thus I'm a true patriot. 




 Jurassic World premiered this weekend with no other movie doing the same, without that fresh competition it makes sense that it's breaking records. 




 because when The Winds of Winter comes out in 2017

:( 




 The fact that you don't want to be in a relationship right now is only going to be harder to deal with the longer you stay. 




 Nice work man, I was at 285 3 months ago - I'm at 248 now :D

I'm kicking myself I didn't start doing this earlier. 




 Please keep the subreddit simple and without over the top colour.  




 I'm so fucking pumped, the confidence in this film is excellent. 




 A 3rd of my pay check goes into savings every fortnightly pay. That is a sizeable amount plus it gives me (after paying for rent, bills etc) quite a bit of desposible income. What ever is left over the night before my next payday is transfered into savings. I've got quite a good nest egg 




 That's fucking disgusting. Who goes past the knuckle with someone platonic? 




 I don't see how it would be awkward at all, everyone at the gym already ignores each other and does their own thing. How would that be any different if things dont work out?

You would just go back to ignoring each other 




 Anything but satin boxers. Those sweaty fuckers were a representative of my teenage-hood. 




 Man, I hate non sequiturs almost as much as I hate tap dancing tea kettles. 




 The crime is the quality, not the targeted audience : / 




 I'm sad how few of my friends I can get to watch this series. I enjoy the fuck out of it.

That type of meta satire is just too funny. 

I've tried everything guys, I almost got a few mates to join the bandwagon when I showed them the "I fucked a deaf chick" scene with Matt LeBlanc youtube. 




 I literally did it last night. Oh Netflix, you make this so easy,

Regards,

Australia. 




 Me! I'm happy :)

Honestly, I am. I'm at such a stable part of my life. 27, almost saved enough for a house, my career is solid and I have a permanent job doing what I love. 

There were only two things which were actively bothering me. One was my weight and the other was finding myself a lady. These two issues tend to go hand in hand.

I've been working on my weight for the past 3 months, I'm down 16 kgs and I'm working on my fitness.

In a little bit, ill go back into the dating scene with some confidence and find me a lady :)

Please don't respond by saying "finding a girl won't make you happy, blah blah". I am happy, but I would be happier in a relationship. I left my last relationship a while ago because I wanted to be single to focus on my career. I'm done with that, I want to settle down.

 




 The important thing is that you do stuff that the groom would want. If he really doesn't want strippers, don't do it.

We had a bachelor party last month and it was awesome because we catered it around the groom.

We started the morning with drinking while playing a massive game of croquet. After that, we headed to the city for a meal then we pub crawled until dinner them. Then we went back home and ate dinner, then the topless girls turned up and we played old school video games and drank well into the night. 

Honestly, the best part of the day was in the middle where it was just all of us having a great time drinking in the pubs. We were all just celebrating our friend 




 Ok, this has been fucking annoying me for years. Peridically for the past *decade*, I've had the Winneh the Pooh bear theme song stuck in my head, but it only ever happens when I'm about to take a shower. I don't fucking get it, it happens once every month or so, I just open the shower door and suddenly..

**POOH BEAR, WINNEH THE POOH BEAR!!!**

I've not seen an episode since I was 8 years old.

Did I perhaps get molested by Winneh in the shower at 8?  




 whorecrux** 




 Huh? Why is it a waste? The money goes straight into supporting a website that you frequent, for free.

Your question is strange. 




 Lol, the funniest part of them is their customer support. "If you have any questions you can call us on XXX-XXX-XXX or contact us via live chat".

Of course I'm going to use live chat.  




 ayy 




 Its a motivator that the OP likely used often to deal with his weight loss. 

Hypothetical - Lets say the OP has a dog, and walking that dog every day is his personal way to deal with his weight loss. If one day dogs were outlawed and he made a post on /r/loseit talking about how he thinks that the dog removal will affect his loss, would you have a problem with that post?

/r/loseit is totally a place where people can air their grievances and who knows, perhaps someone can point the OP towards something which can work as an alternative to his **dog**.

If he had made a post saying "I'm sad /r/fatpeoplehate was banned because I liked making fun of fatties", then I would be right on board with you. He's just a guy/girl who wants any help he/she can get with their struggles. 




 Fishing out my discarded cigarette butts, carefully pulling the left over tabacco out and rolling a cigarette with it.

: / 




 He's a chemist

Edit: Everyone has dual speciality. Watney is a botanist/mechanical engineer.  




 The gym. I just go there to use the treadmill anyway, why not run outside? Fuck I'm stupid.

Also my brazzers accout, the internet is full of free porn. WTH is wrong with me. 




 Because many people on /r/loseit frequent that subreddit to deal with their weight loss.  




 Apparently the shitlords from FPH were spamming there so they set it to private for now. Which sucks, I like that subreddit. 




 The problem time of night is normally around 9om. So what I do is just brush/floss/mouth wash early so that I'm not as tempted to chow down lol 




 Why is everyone circle jerking this anticipation. 




 MYRCELLA NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!



Could Ellara take the role of Darkstar? Probably.
 




 Australian here, I'll go with *yes*. But I'll say it's no where near as much of a deal as it is in American culture. 

Perhaps I'm just in a different crowd, but I think we have more pressure for fitness over bulk 




 I used to be irregular, but after 3 months of healthy living I'm down to 1-2 times a day. Maybe more, if I've had lots of coffee. 




 I have a favourite crappy beer, but it was from my universary days. 

Back then I was living away from home i was only working a part time job. So I could only afford a slab of "Hammer and Tongs" beer. Its a shitty Australian beer which tastes like metal shards, but it's half the price of the standard local beer and just as potent.

Also no one would steal my beer at a party, like ever. 




 Lets start a business to get these men laid.

I guess you could say there is money inceling sex. 




 I'm not using it, but people at /r/loseit swear by it. I primarily use guestimation for my diet. I eat around 1800-2000 calories a day. My dinner is pretty much the same thing, with some variation on the side dishes and since I only eat twice a day - this makes having a consistent caloric input much easier.

My biggest piece of advice is to focus on what you eat, the second you realise that weight loss is 80% diet and 20% exercise, that's when you see how easy it actually is. Eat less to lose fat, exercise to get healthy.

It's also important that the word 'diet' is defined. 'Diet' shouldn't be a temporary thing. It's a change of lifestyle. What you're doing now, you need to do for the rest of your life. So when you make this 'diet' of yours, it's important to not exclude **anything**. Just have less of it.

You love the taste of french fries with your dinner? Then eat them with your dinner, just make sure you allow it into your daily caloric budget. What you'll realise after doing this is that the foods you love are likely caloric gold mines and you didn't even realise it. That has turned me off quite a few of the foods I used to love.

Also, avoid having cheat days. Instead have unplanned cheat *meals*. I do this often and it helps my sanity. Last night I caught up with some friends and had a meal at a resturant, today I'm back at eating normally and my efforts are hardly worsened.

The final thing I would add, is control what you drink. I've been pretty much booze free for the past 3 months and I think that's the biggest assistance I've had. I drink nothing but water (save for a coffee here and there) and that's made a huge difference.

Definitely hang around /r/loseit, /r/progresspics, /r/fitness or if you're like me /r/fatlogic may also help motivate you. Warning, /r/fatlogic isn't for everyone. If you get motivation to keep doing what you're doing then it's good, if you end up feeling like shit, it's probably not for you.

 




 I'm down 35 lbs as of this morning, I'm in the same boat - but I've only really had one person notice my efforts. 

The thing is that I had a huge amount of weight to lose (started at 285) so much of the weight I have lost is likely visceral fat which obviously doesn't show on the outside. I'm down 3 belt buckles and 2 shirt sizes though :)

 but I'm already starting to feel better

This is the main point, I feel amazing. I get solid sleep every night. I don't sweat as much anymore and aside from some hunger (extremely manageable) I have all the energy in the world. 




 Thanks friend, how much have you lost?

My pictures are hidden in my porn folder. 




  A black man cat**,** called me the other day. 

I totally read this sentence with a comma in a strange place.
 




 Australia, most of us live on the fucking coasts. Most of the deadly shit is no where near civilisation. Or if it is (spiders and snakes) they're so skittish that you're never really in danger. 




 I always go to the doctors office right after work and since I wear the same thing everyday, I just take my shoes off and remove my keys, wallet and phone. Ez. It's not the number which is important, it's the number between the two numbers which is important. 




 Cunts fucked 




 A good friend of mine fell asleep while we were watching Devils Advocate for the first time. During the fucked up part with the baby, he sat up, looked at me and said something in Croatian then went back to sleep. Trust me, Croatian sounds demonic.

Fucked me up. 




 Exactly. I do draw the line with drawing parallels when the person tries to predict what will happen based on these parallels. I don't think GRRM is the type of writer who would make a habit out of doing that. 




 As someone who grew up playing Fantasy and not really finding 40k any fun - I know what you mean. 




 I've been playing competitive 8-ball pool for the past 9 years. I love the shit out of it. 

I had always loved the game, my dad used to play snooker back in the 80s and he taught my brother and I the basics when we were in our early teens.

The second I hit 18, my brother and I joined a pool club and have been playing ever since. While my brother has fallen out of love with it, I'm still intensely passionate about it and could play for days.

If there is a pool table at a party or pub, i'll be there shootin. I don't hold back, no matter how good or shit you're :) 




 Washed my mouth out with soap when I said a curse word. Literally, I'm talking getting a flannel, rubbing soap on it and going to town on my teeth. I never learned my cunt fucking lesson.

More generally, I was grounded a lot in highschool. 




 "Oh man, this freshly cooked dinner is way too hot. I'll need to let it sit for 10 minutes..." 




 "Your wisdom tooth is now removed, here are your antibiotics." 




 [something](http://www.something.com/) 




 Does anyone remember Liero? 

God I loved that game. 




 As someone who has been losing weight for the past 3 months, I've not whispered a single syllable on Facebook about my efforts. Once I reach my goal weight, I'll post up a before and after picture but then I'll never mention it again on there. People don't want to be preached at constantly.

 




 It's kinda the same in Australia. When I had my first doctors visit when I started losing weight, she asked what my goal weight was and I asked her what her opinion was for it. She just kind of sighed and said that nowdays it's difficult to say what the correct weight should be for anyone since the average weight of someone average height is so large.

There is no real go-to figure for what the ideal weight is anymore. 




 Eat, sleep, fuck, shit, repeat. 




 Well done my Australian brethren, keep it up 




 Is this an American culture thing? I can't even fathom my family being anything but supportive. Mum and dad know that I need to get my weight under control and have been nothing but giddy with my achievements. Not only that, my mum has started to drop some weight herself :)

Damn crabs in that damn bucket.

Perhaps explain your goals to them? It may help if they know that you have a certain number you're working towards. I think they might be concerned about you having an ED 




 Thank you for your sacrifice. 




 Doesn't mean I don't like the view of the glorious upboats. 




 Thats almost one third of my total for today (1200) for the next 2 hours

See that's awesome that you get the context of the calories. I find it's so much easier to deny myself an ice cold beer because I know that 180 calories will need to be reduced from somewhere in my food budget to allow for it. 




 He's talking about the books. The show is a different beast. They can revive the Nights King if they want. GRRM probably just has a nameless and faceless group of others leading the attack in the books. 




 He's not half as awesome as his brother Garlan, let's face it. 




 Thanks for the internet points. 









 I'm sorry to the people who do this, because I know there is quite a bit of work that goes into it.

....But I don't really like it when people make large posts which show similarities between events in the books and events in other fiction. Cool, so you see a Hamlet reference? I don't really find that interesting or relevant : /

I just skip over it. 




 Jesus christ, this.

These forums are nigh unreadable after any form of rape occurs on the show. If you're triggered by such horrible things, **DON'T WATCH THE FUCKING SHOW**.

It really is that simple, the show hasn't gotten more brutal. Remember in the first episode we went from brother sister incest to child murder in like 30 seconds. 




 We're fucking not. That's the damn answer. The internet over reacts CONSTANTLY.

Its fucking fiction people, not only that, it's fiction which is meant to be harsh. I don't get the people who literally screaming IRL.  




 I knew a dude who would literally just get a footlong chicken fillet and tasty cheese on white bread. It wasn't for health reasons, he just doesn't like things in general apparently. 




 The upside is that you can wear your old hoodie as a dress and then save some money on new pants. 




 Pretty much impossible, definitely unhealthy.

Some snap calculations to prove it. To lose 15 pounds in 3 weeks (15*3500)/21 you would need to have a deficit of 2500 calories per day. Meaning you would need to eat 2500 less than your daily expenditure. After putting your information into a TDEE calculator, even with setting it to "intense exercise every day" your expenditure is 2811, so you'd have to eat only 311 calories a day. Which is a great way to kill yourself.

I did this math just to give you context for how weight loss works. Set realistic goals :) 




 A clever play on words. I don't care how tasteless the context is or who recites it. I will laugh and I will probably hate myself for doing so. 




 And GRRM has stated that too, I don't have the sauce but there was an article a while back where he was asked a bunch of "who would win" scenarios with LOTR vs ASOIAF characters. One of the matches was 1 unsullied vs 1 Urukai, GRRM basically stated that unsullied were strong in numbers, not for single combat.

**Edit [found the article](http://www.avclub.com/article/watch-george-rr-martin-debate-emgame-of-thronesem--103349)** 




 I would actually recommend listening to the audio book, the narrator does an incredible job with the voices and it helps with the immersion :) 




 Because even when they're in packs of 10~ they don't seem to utilise this formation fighting. It's stupid. While we're here - why do they seem to feel pain in the show? That is a selling point of them, that they take medicine to phase out all pain.

We know in the books, Dany wants them to stop taking it but they don't really touch on it in the show. 




 Sure, 1v1 that's the case. Then why don't they form up and utilise tight formations like phalanxes? You see them all just kinda spread out with spears drawn. They constantly get out flanked and destroyed by nobles with daggers. 




 Oh right, in the mean time did you keep drinking lots of water? 




 I can't be the only one who hated Patchface with a passion, right?

Perhaps it's because Roy Dotrice (while an excellent narrator) has a grating voice for him. 




 I've stopped caring, the unsullied are basically useless in the show 




 and it subsides naturally after several days? 




 Christ reddit is overreacting to this. I've read the damn book and I understand why some are frustrated. But to the non readers, it's just a fucking trailer. Without context many of these 'spoiler' moments are just moments.

None of my friends know anything about what will happen. 




 Mornin' Angle. 




 I think one of the problems is that abrupt switch of trailer style in the early 00s, from "cheesy fourth wall voice over guy" to "edited spoken word from the movie".

By doing this, you're basically forcing the movie to show its cards more. 




 Thats the problem, I don't think it's anymore spoilery than any other trailer.

I've read the novel, so I saw shit loads of stuff in there which is a spoiler **only because I know the context**. I've spoken with several mates who've not read it and they have no idea what will happen. 




 I'm way ahead of you ;)

My diet can keep me covered for another 20 pounds :) 




 I love the enthusiasm! Let your motivation turn into discipline over time!

Something I will add is to remind you that weight loss is mostly due to diet. So if you feel that exercise 5 days a week is too much, don't burn yourself out over it. Stay on top of what you eat and exercise as much as you can handle! 




 Yikes, glad you're ok.

This is something I have to worry about. My paternal grand father died of a heart attack at 38 and his son (my paternal uncle) survived a heart attack  at 38. I'm 27 at the moment and no way am I going to let myself go through that with them. 




 I'm 3 months in and while I've been doing cardio, I've been holding off from doing any strength training till I lost more.

I did my first bout with strength training on the weekend and I had no idea how weak I was. Pushups, situps, planking, squats and lunges. They all showed me how unfit I was haha

But I think it's important to start right away. 

If you're like me, then you're currently kicking yourself that you didn't start losing weight earlier. It's the exact same with exercise. I don't want to be at my ideal weight months from now and think "Why didn't I start training sooner? I've lost months of progression".

 
























 I feel like we need a picture of your cat OP 




  I SAID BOIL THE NOODLES.

Yes food sorcerer. 




 There is a hidden benefit with this fad at least. Because there are more and more people who eat gluten free, this means that more and more companies are producing gluten free options. Actual celiacs should be happy with that at least lol 




 I thought this was a poignant statement about the real issue we face todo with the mass death of bees.

Then I read the last line and I'm not sure if you were just setting up a pun. 




 Have you checked the fridge? That's where mine hides. 




 This is why I use the metric system in my private life. Who wants to measure flour by horses? 




 Oh god this is hilarious, I didn't want to spell the joke out or it would lose its oompf :P

Don't worry, upvotes for you 




 Nah, I've sworn off Dim Sims. Thanks though. 




 I agree with you, it's perfectly healthy to want to play around with tasty food. What I think the OP is getting at, is for some people to distance themselves from romanticising some foods.

If you take a step back and look at sugar from a pragmatic standpoint, having a can of coke is fucking stupid lol 




 It took a bit for me to realise this. I initially dealt with those 10pm cravings you get by having an apple. That did the trick, but now I realise that this 'hunger' I feel isn't that big of a problem and while that apple is fucking delicious, I ask myself "Is this superficial hunger really worth the 100 calories this apple will give me?" The answer is invariably **no**.

My daily intake budget is set in stone so that those extra calories are just that, extra. Still love me some fresh apples though. 




 Now I'm up shit creek without a paddle and a canoe :( 




 20 dozen eggs isn't impressive? That's 240 eggs, that's 40 omelets. If scrambled that's 19,200 calories.

If that doesn't impress you, just picture 20 egg cartons.  




 why does it need your name

So that they can complete the police report in conjunction with your 'missing' dogs. They're onto you.. 




 They're surprisingly dense and a 15 lb watermelon is rather large 




 Holy shit, that's a lot of damn cheese. We sell 1kg blocks of cheese in Australia, imagine 13 and a half of [these bad boys](http://shop.coles.com.au/online/national/coles-cheese-block-tasty-287609p) 




 *whoosh* 

haha 




 That's great, but what did the website tell you that you've lost? 




 Using the ['I lost what?'](http://ilostwhat.com/) website, what have you lost so far?


I apparently have lost a 15 foot canoe lol 




 Really good post, the concept of skinny is lost on many of us.

Skinny is just an obese person sans fat.

We're not the default position. 




 It's all about willpower, something which all of us losers need.

You need to show to yourself that you can say no, easier said than done sadly 




  If you're in a rocking chair or a knitter (like me) you'll have to take it off for those because it will count them as steps.

Also when you're adjusting change in your pockets aggressively for 2-5 minutes. 




  Swiggity swooty, I'm coming to congratulate you on your great success towards your weight goals.

I have no idea why I find this sentence hilarious 




 He is better, thanks for asking.

The whole 'playing the field' thing isn't important unless you make it so. I personally couldn't care less how many people I've hooked up with as long as I've found the right chick. You may very well be the same, but that can only come from being conscious of the need, if you have it :)

Best of luck on the dating scene :) 




 Karma.

You'd be surprised how many people love the validation of internet points. 




 The 'fuck Jenny' thing was a massive TIFU post about a man who accidently discovered that his wife Jenny was cheating on him with another man, he then documented his clandestine discovery of her infidelity with the help of a private detective. It was this whole indepth thing a while back. He ended up deleting everything shortly after and people started noticing holes in his story, it was likely just some dude making shit up.

The 'F' thing is an injoke about a Call of Duty game. There is a cut scene where you're at a funeral and to progress the scene you have to press 'F' to 'Pay your respects'. This is of course the butt of  all jokes because of it being a stupid example of 'game immersion'. So when someone posts 'F', they're 'paying respects' to the poster. 




 If you **know** that you're about to get a job. Get a credit card. Credit cards get a bad rap, but only by those who don't know how to use them properly.

Credit cards should be used for mini loans, not for constant expenses. Using credit cards, then paying the money back also establishes a credit history which in the long run will be beneficial to yourself. 




 It's always been a thing for moronic dudes who have no concept of STDs. 

Wear a fucking rubber with strangers people. Jesus. 




 I did and I feel rather crappy about it.

Many years ago I met and hooked up with this gorgeous girl who was on a 'temporary break' from a guy she was dated (he has the same exact first name as me lol). Anyway, we had a insanely strong connection and she contacted me after getting serious with her BF. So we started a platonic friendship and we had the absolute best time. We became fast friends. Would talk most days and nights.

Things with the BF had always been on the rocks, he was emotionally distant and she couldn't date him anymore. She ended up leaving him for me and we had the most incredible relationship I've ever experienced in my life to date. 

I've always felt kind of responsible for it, but I've been assured that the relationship would've been over even without my existence.  




 Lets look at this issue in context. Let's say you meet a guy and go out for a few dates. Are you going to be talking about how many guys you've dated at this stage? Not likely, I doubt he'd ask and you'd tell.

So in essence, it's not relevant. 

However.

It's important for you to know yourself. What I mean is, following the above example, let's say you guys date for a few years and get engaged and married.

Is your inexperience likely to affect your relationship with someone that you're now fully committed to? Do you think that you could settle down with someone when you've never seriously dated anyone else?

These questions are important for yourself because I could think of little worse than being married and having kids, then realising "Oh shit, I *need* to play the field". Which causes problems in the relationship.

Sorry for rambling, but I have a close friend whose girlfriend of 10 years left him because "she wanted to fuck around and didn't get to do that in her early 20s". Completely fucked him up, they were about to get married. 




 I'll add that these are not the two best dramas, nor are they even the two best HBO dramas. 

But If I had to choose, I'd say The Sopranos. I say that with lots of reluctance though.

Oz is truly amazing but it's brutal. Like, really brutal.

That scene with the spoon? I don't want to watch that for a second time. 

 




 I've been losing weight for the past 4 months and part of that is being sober. I honestly thought the hardest part of giving up beer would be the parties. 

It's easier than you think.

I drink nothing, maybe water if I'm thirsty. Our culture dictates that you need to get drunk to have fun but that's total nonsense. I'm not going to stay away from drinking for ever (I love the taste of beer still), but my view on alcohol and the obsession people in their 20s have with it has changed over the past 4 months. 




 I used to work manual labour (roofing) and 8 hours of work would fly by

You answered your own question, you work hard.

I work a 42.5 hour week doing software development and my week days go incredibly quick. But that only happens when I keep myself busy with work. 




 euphemistic treadmill

Oh, I like that 




 I compare any sort of past time to the most common past time.

**Seeing a movie**.

In Australia, an adult movie ticket costs $20~ AUD. That $20 provides 90-120 minutes of entertainment.

So if I spend $18 for a month of wow and get literal weeks of entertainment, I consider it worth it, by comparison.

Using a better example, I played competition 8-ball 6 months out of the year. So every week, I pay my $12 playing fee and I attend 3-4 hours of practice on Mondays and I play for 4 hours on a comp night. When you take a step back and look at it, the cost vs entertainment duration factor (for me) makes me consider a hobby as *worth it*.  




 I'm 5'9 1/2, I honestly couldn't care less. My latest girlfriend was a netball player who was 5'10, the people who care about something so silly are the people who are focusing on the wrong thing about a girl.

Height doesn't matter. 




 This happens so often, when the guy in delicately rubs the girls clit during sex and you can see the girl isnt into it. 
This hurts the clit, some may be into that much pressure but it would say most dont 




 Not even kidding, i have never and will never fap to porn with fake boobs in it. Id rather watch porn with a girl who has small ones. 


Its almost like a boycott. 




 Balding by 22, GG sexiness. 




 PERFECT, this is what the character needed in the MCU. A young and relatively unknown actor, had it have been some better known person like Miles Teller, it would've been really distracting.

I'm excited. 




 Obviously Im talking about your average drinker and not someone who binges on booze every single day. 




 My mum asked me "so they're giving my email address out, what's the big deal?"

The internet is still very much the wild west as far as privacy is concerned. 




 By my count, you look like you just earned a new /r/loseit flair! Well done :)

Assuming you're a man in your 20s, we have very similar stats :D 




 It really makes me thankful that my over eating was just due to being a lazy person who loved food more than wanting to be healthy. I can't even imagine how much harder my progress would have been if I had had the same situation as you :(

That being said, congratulations on the progress you have made I really am hopeful I'll get the flair that you have soon :) 




 I like that there is a real lack of shit posting. I know this subreddit cops some flak from other places due to the celebration of the little victories (Been a week since my last soda, etc), but there are so many of us for whom these small victories add real help.

 




 OH man, how good are scrambled eggs!

Any other Aussies out there, try scrambled eggs on Vegemite toast.

Tasty as shit. 




 Yeah, his first kill was a 1 on 1 fight with a bandit IIRC. Or was Barristan? 




 It is true, but it's certainly not healthy. 

My calf muscles are actually huge due to carrying around my fat arse all of these years.  




 I think on of the problems is equating exercise with weight loss. How many times have you heard someone say "I would like to lose weight, but I don't have enough time for the gym'. I was one of those people not that long ago, we need it to be common knowledge that weight loss is primarily done with diet. Exercise is recommended but not wholly necessary. 

Also people find dieting hard because they think a diet should be excluding food instead of the better option - eat the foods you want to eat, just less and with better balance. 

I love me some steak, I really do. I'm not going to give that up. So I just buy smaller and more lean cuts and make sure that I have something green in my sides. It's so easy that I'm kicking myself that I didn't start sooner.

40 lbs down and counting :)  




 Speaking as someone who (at their worse) was 100 lbs overweight. Do something about it now. I'm facing a probably bout with loose skin once I finally get my weight down to normal, I wish I had made these choices when I was at your weight ratio.

Best of luck, that rationalising can be dangerous for sure. 




 You're going to see weight problems due to drinking long before you'll see liver disease problems due to drinking.

The empty calories in booze are some of the most brutal, I'm down 40 lbs in 4 months - most of this is due to being sober. 




 Please tell me that the sex scene with John Cena (Sex Cena lol) is as hilarious as it is in the trailer 




 There are so many fucking assholes in porn. 




 I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that the OP doesn't really care about girls wearing make up, he's just painting a picture of someone who goes to the gym to be seen, rather than going there for a workout.

I find those people annoying too, it's like those people who take endless selfies of everything they do. 




 Their are plenty of reasons why people do this, I'm not sure why your so upset. It's probably just you're sensitivities. 




 I know there are greater ones, but this one is so powerful even though it's really short.

The final scene we have with Jesse in Breaking Bad. Where he's in the car, we get that close up of Jesse doing a mix of crying, screaming and laughing. It's an incredible moment which required no words. It was all in that facial expression - amazingly well acted.

He had been in captivity for months, saw his girlfriend executed and had finally been given his freedom after confronting Walter and gotten closure against Todd. He perfectly expressed that incredible mix of emotion to the screen. It was so emotionally solid that it didn't need a follow up "X months later" scene. 




 In Australia - we got rid of them too. The 1 and 2 cent coins are gonzo :) 




 I dislike her no less than book Dany. I'm just not a fan of her story arc :(

I empathise with the character, I just don't find it interesting. 




 Total and complete chaos. I agree, who will side with who? Jon was the fabric which kept the peace. How will the wildlings (led by Tormund) act with such chaos? The Nights Watch may very well be exterminated. Far out, TWOW is going to be awesome. 




 I normally respond with "I believe in total equality between all genders". Social egalitarian I think is the more broad moniker I identify with. 




 Dredd was good because of this.

More recently? Kingsman - they could've easily made Roxie a love interest, but they decided to focus elsewhere. 




 The fondest memories I have growing up was when my brother, myself and my father spend 6 months putting 3 broken 1980s dirt bikes back together. We would spend hours **every** weekend slowing building them back up. I learned so much and loved it. They were all in such disrepair. One was launched into a river, one had caught fire and my one had broken in two.

For those interested, two of the bikes were 1981 Suzuki TS185 and the other was a 1982 Suzuki DR250. We ended up having those bikes for many years. My TS185 sadly was destroyed when our shed caught on fire and the DR250's engine finally gave out. My brothers TS185 is still kicking around though :)

I treasure those memories 




 holy shit, this is some real talk right here 




 My friends call each other douchebags all the time, if it were serious then yes, it would be an insult.  




 Actually yes! Same sex love is a major factor, especially between a main character and another one.

It's kind of like a Ross and Rachel thing, but with far more gay sex. 




 They're so fucking different. I loved Oz and I love OITNB, but they're totally apples and oranges.

With OITNB there is no where near as much tension, it's more about the characters and their back stories. It definitely leans more to the drama and comedy side.

Oz is a brutal crime drama, holy crap do they deal with some real issues. There is always a sense of doom and worry with most scenes. Oz is definitely not for the faint hearted. It is an excellent show however.

To be honest, I probably wouldn't watch OITNB if it weren't as R rated as it is. This isn't just because of the nudity, it's because of the language and the subject matter. They could've easily made it a PG tv series, but that would've taken the realism involved with it. 




 Not quite that extreme, but with an ex I would wake up to find her resting her hand down there. I asked her about it and she said something about it just 'being nice to hold while going to sleep'.

Go figure :) 




 Don't forget free time, the extra money is nice but having the free time is also a benefit. 




 Welcome aboard, come to Melbourne - the greatest city in Australia :P 




 I've actually had this too, half of the girls I've dated have been against getting head. It's been for a variety of reasons too. One of them even said "I once had a guy do it so well that it has ruined head for me", which is kind of stupid. 

Sucks too, I love doing it :( 




 This is actually a concern for me going into the future. I'm in the process of losing weight and getting fit again (40 lbs down so far, yay!). Knowing what I know now and doing what I'm doing now - I'll be keeping this lifestyle for the rest of my days.

But with that comes the fear that I won't meet someone else who is as health conscious as I am now. I've been on the receiving end of this topic and it fucking hurts. Sorry I don't have an answer for you, it's a tough thing to bring up. 









 And I know, who will sit on the Iron Throne."

Woah that's a massive deal! How did I find this quote like 5 comments down 




 Interesting idea, but we see at the end how he shuts the lights off his bike, we can see his face, it seems like he suddenly gets frustrated. Frustrated because he doesn't have the guts to commit to suicide? Or perhaps (following your impression) frustrated because he can't match this mysterious rush he is trying to replicate. 




  How likely is it that a guy that age and in that kind of shape is impotent?

PTSD can manifest with impotence, it can also manifest with hypersexuality. I like the gay angle (phrasing?), it could be both.  




 So going into this episode I was concerned about Taylor Kitsch's character. The pilot has alleviated those concerns. He was the character I most empathised with.

I have a sneaking suspicion that this bribery lie will come back to bite him in the arse. To us, we can see that he most likely didn't accept the sexual bribe (since he cant get it up), but he's probably going to have to accept the potential consequences of the accusation **or** he will have to prove that he couldn't have done it due to his impotence.

I loved the pilot, I'm so fucking amp'd for the rest of the season.

Edit: Alleviated not elevated lol 




 Thread's over boys, who wants some candy? 




 Hahaha I remember that feeling. I was like "Woah, what the hell is that. What ever I'm doing feels so much better". 




 I had the same condom break issue, when I told my dad he asked me "How can you break a condom? Doesn't the smell of burning rubber tell you that you should slow down?"

Thanks dad, I'm a 17 year old having a freak out and you're joking around. 




 Because Fathers day is still months away.

Source: Am Australian. 




 If you loved the movie, check the TV series out! It really grasps what made the first movie so special. The show is essentially a 10 hour Fargo movie.

Season 2 is airing shortly :) 




  That's why I never let a guy choose where to finish. You can't sticky me without my consent!

/r/nocontext
 




 You're right, I've found there is a middle ground though. I've looked at all of the food I love and I know the rough calories for them. With that knowlege I make mental guestimations for my daily meals.

I'm 40 lbs down in 15 weeks without doing daily accurate counting.

This isn't for everyone, but I'm a slave to routine, so it's just what I find easiest. 




 I was thinking something similar when I saw that doco. I think their point was that sugar is the culprit, when copious amounts is consumed. A donut here and there isn't going to fuck up your weight loss efforts (you're the case in point). But those who have shit loads of sugar in their diet will feel the effects described in the doco. 




 I found out that a close family memeber was into inter racial preggo porn. 

yeesh. 




 Yeah, when I said 'nothing' I didn't mean literally not moving haha

I still went out and did stuff. I just didn't alot any time for strenuous exercise :) 




 When I was 12 I accidentally stole a penguin eraser. I was in a souvenir shop and I accidentally bumped into a shelf which had all of these novelty erasers on them. I turned to try to catch what ever I had knocked over. But as I looked down, I saw nothing fall. I was sure something fell.

Anyway, fast forward 25 minutes on the next leg of our drive. I reached into my jacket's side pocket and found a penguin eraser. Turns out my subconscious is a slight of hand master and when I bumped into the shelf, the eraser fell perfectly into my jacket pocket.


Yes, I have had a boring and legal life. 




 Hi. I'm a 27 year old Australian. We have had fluoride introduced to our water systems since the 70s. I'm part of the first generation to be brought up on it. 

I don't know of a single person in my generation who has teeth problems. There are some (mainly who don't do any dental care), but most of us have strong and healthy teeth. Look at the baby boomer generation by comparison.

Fluoride addition has saved the average person hundreds and thousands of dollars worth of dental bills.  




 Nonsense, it's not a fucking waste. The pron industry (which we **all** love) has been gutted by piracy. I pay for a sub because I wan't to support the companies so that legit companies don't go under (giggity).

That's like saying "Paying for HBO is such a waste, just torrent". 




 Ever had onion salad? That shit is amazing and there is no lettuce to be found.

How it's made? Chop a bunch of onions and tomatoes, mix them in a bowel with a dressing made of vinegar, garlic, salt and pepper.

You'll be tasting the deliciousness with every burp for weeks.

Warning, only eat when single and not wanting a relationship. 




 I should clarify. I exercise on the weekends. Friday-Sunday. So I do vigorous sessions all 3 days. The past week I added extra days worth of work on tuesday and wednesday so by the time it hit the weekend I had been working out 5 out of the 7 past days. 



 




 My work schedule is flexible, I can start when I want as long as I do my 8.5 hours.

So I've found that it's much better to start at 7am to finish at 3:30pm. Having those extra hours before dinner is amazing.  




 Why not just plain water? None of those drinks actually refresh you as much as ice cold water 




 I get that, to a degree. It's healthy to have apprehension towards foods that's you know are high in calories. It can however be ok to have a little bit of those types of foods every now and again.

I remember feeling a moment of sadness when I saw how many calories were in a short stack of pancakes with ice cream and maple syrup. It had been years since I've had that, but it all hit me that I won't be eating that stuff for a while.

I guess you don't know what you've got till it's gone. 




 Another week, another loss. 40 lbs down in 15 weeks :)

But that's not the main reason I'm posting. I'm also posting to remind everyone to **take a day off once in a while from exercising** .

For the past few weeks I've kinda gotten a bit obsessed with getting into shape, so much so that I was not really giving my body a chance to recover. So what did I do yesterday as far as exercise is concerned? Absolutely nothing and it felt great. Having an exercise cheat day is as helpful for the soul as having a cheat meal is for a diet.

I'm giving myself a day or so of rest, then it's back on the horse!

**Edit:** For the sake of clarity, I exercise on the weekends. Friday through Sunday. What brought on this break was adding extra days during last week. This meant by the time it hit yesterday (Sunday), I've been at the gym almost everyday. I could tell my body needed a break. So when I say *take a day off*, I mean take a day (that you would otherwise be exercising on) off. 




   and I get the smugness of getting him off.

I love that this quality is shared between the genders. 




 This guy gets marriage 




 Tyrion is actually...the son of Daenerys and Drogo, transported back in time and into Joanna's womb through blood magic.

Yeah I think I'm done with this survey haha 




 /r/themonstermath 




 Fuckin' blowy-upery thingo 




  Rx'd a CPAP 

Are you having a stroke lol

 




 ITT: Unexpected rap. 




 It was a rather contentious issue with my last relationship and I'm suspecting my weight was largely related.

How has your loss affected you? 




 Totally, for me my last break up was clean as fuck. Literally I broke it off with her, we had a mature and adult discussion about it. I then left and we've not spoken since.

It was truly bizarre. What I did notice though. I felt 10000000x times better after doing it.

I'm now 100% sure that staying in a relationship that you don't want to be in is bad for you. 




 I so was committed to my indifference that I honestly couldn't tell you.

It would've just been awkward if we spoke TBH, we've not spoken since the break up. 




 I can't even fathom being back in onederland. 5'9 SW:285 CW:247.

I'm going to try to get there before 2016 :) 




 A 2014 series called Manhattan. It's incredible.. I've watched through it twice now and season 2 should be airing shortly.

It's a period drama set in the Manhattan Project, there is some artistic licence but it's mainly about the struggles of two different types of atom bombs. It has intrigue, science and great dialogue. 

Definitely check it out. 




 It happened recently actually, I just pretended I didn't notice her and keep walking.  




 Donald Trump is an excellent choice for President. 




 I thought the character development was a bit stale. 




 Gah, my house mate does that. Our pantry doors are open 24/7. 




 If I'm holding a door wide open for you, don't touch the damn door

Get your mitts off my lunch then. 




 You wouldn't think so if you hang around Reddit. But in real life, very few people I know have actually seen Kiss Kiss Bang Bang.

This is a fucking shame too, because it **is** my favourite RDJ movie. 




 Jump scares. I fucking hate them so fucking much. My brother used to torment me as a child by hiding around corners and jump out at me. 

I still to this day hate any form of jump scare. 




 Ive only heard it being called 'clitter' 




 I'm the boring practical guy.

2008 Toyota Camery. I've owned Toyotas my whole life and they've earned my brand loyalty. The cars rarely have any issues and when they do, they're so popular in Australia that parts are cheap as chips. 




 Arya will willingly marry Ramsay Snow.

Bran will become a tree

After her sons wedding, Catelyn Stark decides to become a masked vigilante. 




 Pretty shitty way to die. 




 I felt like that, till I bought new clothes which fit my new size. Then I was like "holy shit". 




 I upvoted you, these guys are wound up too tight. 




 Who is my middle name (   ) 
























 I would love to see the segues for those topics. 




 Tell that to the [porn mints we have in Australia](http://www.thedistributorsperth.com/ALN-XXX-MINTS-45G_p_5219.html) 




 OH FOR FUCKS SAKE HOW DIDNT I NOTICED THE QUINTUPLE NEGATIVE IN MY IF STATEMENT

Yeah, that hits home. 




 I've done it lots of times and the only thing which has ever matched it is falling for someone.

That mix of euphoria, butterflies in the stomach and confidence is so hard to fully describe. 




 If you're a girl into voyeurism, /r/gonewild.

 




 Yep, can confirm. My house mate buys organise tooth paste and I laugh at him.

Source: Am Australian 




 My vegan house mate buys organic shampoo. What the fuck is organic shampoo.

He spends like $3 more per bottle than the shit we have at home. 




 You can't lose weight without exercise.

Soooo many people use this as an excuse for why they don't even try. *I can't afford a gym membership* or *it hurts to exercise* therefore I won't even try to lose weight.

This myth sucks and won't go away it seems. 




 Dude fold up a piece of TP several times and place it at the bottom of the toilet. I've not had a Poseidon's kiss in years. It also doubles as a silencer. 




 I can juggle but I don't do it in front of people because I'm afraid I'll will come off as being an attention seeking show off.

Why the fuck did I teach myself to do this? 




 I'm obese and heading toward an early grave and I **can** actually do something about it.

Luckily I discovered this truth 4 months ago before any real health problems.

43 lbs lost and counting!! 




 Hell, not even 100 years ago. You read about serial killers in the 70s and 80s, they were able to get away with so much just because mobile phones, basic forensics and centralised databases were all in their infancy. 




 Next step is to switch from kilogram to stone.

 




 Oh god this. Every year I go camping, like proper (not a single shred of electricity for 50 kms) camping. 

On of the most beautiful sights you can see is putting out your campfire and finding a clearing to sit and just staring into the nights sky. It's unbelievable.  




 A few years ago my WoW raiding guild was desperately looking for a raider for our roster. Finally out of the blue a personal applied for it and ended up being recruited. Everything was going well. We ended up having a chat and we found out that he and I actually went to high school together in the same year level, in fact we were Facebook friends!

When you take a step back and look at it, of the tens of thousands of Australians on the dozens of Oceanic servers for him to be the right class, the right level of experience, the right faction AND the right server is an insane coincidence.

 




 My favourite part of the Daily Show is always the segments where it's just Jon and a topic. No silly cut aways, no pre recorded bits with his colleagues and no interviews.

Just Jon, a topic and his passion for truth, satire and humor. 

John Olivers show is pretty much that entire thing, wrapped into a single 30 minute show. A show (which by the way, thanks to HBO) has no concerns for censorship due to sponsorship.

I would be fucking ecstatic if John Olivers show could be increased to an hour, or perhaps several 30 minute episodes per week. That being said, the show looks like they put **SO MUCH** effort into their 1 episode that this maybe hard to do. 

Either way, I'm happy Last Week Tonight exists because I'm not sure how well The Daily Show will be without Jon Stewart. 

Then again I had that worry when John Oliver took over in 2013 and boy oh boy was I happy with the result :)  




 I really enjoyed it, I think some people are just being negative nancys. I loved the plot, I liked the division between Frank and Clare. Even though I think some of her decisions were stupid.

That fucking scene with Doug turning the van around was insane, I did not see that coming!

Oh by the way, I'm so happy that Doug survived, he was one of my favourite characters. 




 This is actually one of the reasons I don't like women who're as muscular. That softness is what make women wonderful :) 




 Drink beer. 

God damn I don't know why its hot but it is :) 




 This won't compare to some of the shit in here, I guess I'm lucky.

I was pinned down by a dirt bike which had been running for hours that I had crashed. The red hot exhaust pipe was pinned against my left calf muscle for like 20~ seconds while I tried to squeeze out. That was painful, but that's not the worst part.

The worst part was that I was a 16 year old fucking idiot who didn't go to the doctors and I took very poor care of the wound. The palm sized burn ended up becoming really infected and it became so painful that I couldn't even have a blanket over my leg.

I ended up getting it disinfected and started treating it, but it took so long for that wound to heal properly. 

Gah, the smell was awful.

I don't know what's wrong with me, because a few years later I had another incident where I sliced my index finger almost down to the bone on a metal door and me fearing getting stitches (for the 4th time in my life) I just washed the wound and bandaged it tight.

It ended up getting fucking infected really bad and for the longest of time I thought I wouldn't be able to fully bend my index finger. It eventually healed but I'm kicking myself that I didn't get it properly treated. I guess I didn't want to run to my parents crying about it. 




 You show me a man who doesn't like them and I'll show you a liar. 




 It's important that it exists. If she's studying and supports herself with some sort of income - that's great! If she has a steady job, that's great! If she earns 4x my salary, that's great!

The only thing I actually care about is that she is financially responsible and can sustain herself. I don't want to date someone who has crippling debt and no want or means to remove it.

I'm not sure why that's important to me, perhaps it's because I've had financial responsibility hammered into me from my parents so much growing up. 

 I don't get the guys out there who feel emasculated because a woman earns more than you. Get over yourselves, chances are that they worked harder than you to get where they're. 




 Everyone's different, but the 1st 2 steps are essential

Totally agree, the third one isn't always a good idea, I can attest to that. If you think you can handle it, go for it. But don't do it to *fuck the pain away*, that's my experience anyway. 




 I was having this conversation with a friend who did a tour overseas in the army. It was an interesting conversation actually. He firmly states that if a woman can handle the **exact** same physical requirements as the men, then she deserves to be in the front line (in fact, he mentions several woman in high esteem who met this requirement). He told me the problem lies with fraternisation.

Sadly it happens and there is little you can do about it. When you're in the field you can't have the soldiers in relationships, it causes fractures and distractions in the team. This isn't entirely about women. Apparently this happens with gay soldiers all the time and the problem is equally as bad in those instances. Even exterior to relationships, the additional distraction of women in the front line causes problems too. You can cite this as a problem with men in society, it doesn't matter - it's likely going to happen.

I always thought that it was clear cut, if a woman want's to be a front line grunt and can handle the physical and mental requirements - then she should be able to.

But there are other portions to this equation. 




 TIL I have incidentally been correctly ingesting beer for a full experience all of these years :D 




 That's interesting, I find my fake smiles make me look serial killer-esque because of my eyes, they're too *open*? If that makes sense 




 I'm the same as far as smiles are concerned. I'm told that I have a really nice smile, in fact an ex of mine always complimented me on my (her phrasing) *Smiley Eyes*, it used to make her melt.

But that never translated to pictures. I cannot take a picture without me looking like a smiling mad man.

Kinda sucks  




 He really knows how to play to the fanboys. We really are easy to rile up ;) 




  there are a number of organoleptic sensations that occur with the swallow including a big impact from retronasal olfaction.

As an avid lover of beer, I think I subconsciously already knew that when I asked the question haha

I just didn't know if there was a term for it, that beer after taste/smell is rather intoxicating (pun intended) 




 Good reminder to everyone.

Something else to keep in mind - the time will go **much** quicker if you let what you're doing become part of your daily routine. But it will also go quick if you don't spend too much of your day obsessing over it. That's where I get a little conflict in me. This subreddit is an awesome place if you need support or information, but it can be bad if you're an impatient person.

Ever had a boring class in highschool where you're constantly looking at the clock on the wall? Time tends to go slower that way. So while I'm not telling people to go away from this subreddit, I would recommend not looking at the clock as often if you're impatient. 




 Why not organise a cheat day for it? I had a long weekend trip interstate last weekend, so for 2 days I drank and ate merrily. I went back into my diet the day after and I still ended up losing weight this week.

Don't feel like you have to constantly say no to everything, you need to find balance. 

I probably won't have another cheat day for a while, but I earned the shit out of last weekend that's for sure. 




 I totally get where you're coming from, I've been sober for the past 4 months in an effort to lose this weight. It's been somewhat tough, I came to realise that you don't have to drink heavily to have fun, as lame as that sounds it's true!

I found that while you can have a cheat night every now and again, try just drinking water. You can be the designated driver for your friends, they'll likely love you for it.

The point is that if you're serious about dropping some weight, you do need to make sacrifices. If the amount you drink every week is what's stopping you, you need to weigh up your wants versus your needs.

Something I tell myself every weekend when I think about having a drink is "the reason that your friends can drink is because you overdid it for years and they didn't. You've had enough, it's time to work off the deficit"

Granted this information is from a guy who is quite a bit more overweight than yourself, I think it may still be helpful. 




 The biggest change I did was to completely cut beer out of my life, that would've been so much harder if it were my job!

Are you able to just spit the beer out for work? I would imagine that to maintain a deficit and still drink beer, that you would be a bit more hungry since you're not getting as many non-empty calories. 




 Jenny the fucking whore.

I'm pretty sure I'm lying to myself to think that the whole thing wasn't made up, but I kind of want a closure follow up.

True or false, that story was an emotional rollercoaster. 




 I'm kind of the same. I always watch the teaser and I always watch the first trailer. After that... I don't watch shit.

I had to learn this the hard way, I'm doing this with Ant-man and I find that I'm way more excited for it. I saw the teaser and the first trailer and I'm fucking sold. I don't need anymore marketing to convince me this will be good.

I'm a little bit sad that the Thomas the Tank Engine gag was in the trailer. I hope that doesn't take away from the scene when we watch it in the film. 




 Good point actually, remember that episode of Family Guy where Brian has sex with Quagmire's post op father and when he finds out he does that extended vomit scene?

He copped shit loads of flak for that scene from the LGBT community.

That being said, Mcfarlane's response was rather interesting.

[He also defended Brian's vomiting after discovering he had sex with someone who had undergone sex reassignment surgery noting Brian's character is heterosexual and "If I found out that I had slept with a transsexual, I might throw up in the same way that a gay guy looks at a vagina and goes, 'Oh, my God, that's disgusting.'"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quagmire%27s_Dad#Reception)

Although Ace's scene was a parody of The Crying Game, the humor would be mostly lost in 2015. 




 It took fucking ages in this trailer to event point out that it's even in the Rocky universe... I like it.

They could just as easily have made Sly the main star of the trailer. But Sly doesn't even turn up till like the last quarter of the video.

This movie may actually be the closest movie to the first Rocky since the first Rocky.

 




 Mimic spaghetti  




 As long as there is reform to allow for a divorce, I don't see why it shouldn't be allowed. 




 You mother fuckers put your wallet in your back pocket? Isn't sitting on it uncomfortable? 




 Ex smoker reporting in, I don't hate you guys

I know exactly what you're going through :) 




 I'm an ex smoker, so I have empathy for them. I also know what it's like hearing non smokers loudly judge you about your choice to smoke, so I don't do that with anyone.

My opinion is that the vast majority of young smokers have no real grasp of the consequences of what they're doing. They think they're invincible because they know someone who smoked till 80. 




 Just to give you a measure of speed of lost, I'm a 27 yo 5'9 male. 4 months ago I was 285 lbs, I'm now down to 242. 

I was losing crazy amounts of weight in the first month. I easily dropped the first 18 lbs in the first month. After that it soon started to taper off rather quickly, without me changing my diet at all.

At higher weights you're always going to lose weight quicker **at first**. Assuming that you're not eating too little and exercising too much, you should be fine.

Of course, I would talk to a doctor and do some research of your own.

 Well done though! ~50 lbs is a great feat!

 




 So what you're saying is that BMI obesity is like determining erotica from pornography?

*I'll know it, when I see it* 




 Best answer so far, so fucking funnny 




  I'd be really good with the "why?" game.

I'm not sure this game is about answering questions :( 




 Iirc, at the start you can hear it called over the announcment 




 Perhaps I'm in the minority here, but I've never met a man who thinks like this. In fact, most of my mates all talk about wanting to date someone who has a solid career, doctors, lawyers etc.

I'm starting to suspect that many of these 'common reddit occurrences' of the genders are fringe cases. Or, perhaps I'm living in the fringe. 




 To be fair, there are some strange questions posted on /r/askmen too and you know what?

So there should be, go ahead - ask me my opinion on women with non symmetrical shoulder freckles. 




 In my naive youth, I never had this conversation and I regretted it a few years ago when I started dating someone who had caught something from a recent ex.

It almost derailed our relatively new relationship.

Have the conversation before you stop using protection (See /u/Little_Lion 's top comment), luckily for me it was one of the curable diseases. 




 I'm 5'9 and a half, which is pretty much bang on average. I don't have a single second of insecurity. Partly because I know how guys even only 3-4 inches shorter are perceived.

 




 Welcome to armchair activism :( 




 I work in IT, there is so much gossip talk. It's so fucking frustrating.

I just walk away when the shit talking starts. 




 Lets face it, we all do this. 




 I'm debt free at 27, so there's that. 




 Well this thread sure took a turn towards sexy (   ) 




 Competition 8-ball pool. I've been playing for a decade and I currently run a team :)

I love it 




 My last relationship started like this. I got a FB message from a friend asking if I was single and if I were interested in a cool chick he knew. I was curious so I said yes. 

We chatted on Facebook for a bit and hit it off. Dated for almost a year, it was quite nice actually.

I'd almost rather meeting girls via friends. That way you can get someone you know and trust to vouch both to me and the other person.

Helps weed out the crazies too :D 




 Any argument against gay people getting married, I've not seen a reason which isn't just silly. 




 Just plain shirt, jeans and casual shoes.

Fashion is a stupid concept. 




 Thanks for posting this twice, you deserve double the upvotes. 




 Its also a diuretic so it helps with water weight! :P 




 I've been wearing a wrist watch since I've been able to tell time. I want to be able to tell the time quickly and in a less rude manner than pulling my phone out. 

It's also a sentimental thing, my parents bought me my current watch 10 years ago. I love this thing, it's my only piece of jewelry. Buy a good quality watch guys, this one has never skipped a beat in 10 years and it's eco-drive so it charges the battery when I fap :P 




 After my break up with a serious relationship in my early 20s, I went out and had a rebound hook up. I moved WAY too fast, I was trying to replace a lost part of me from the break up.

She ended up moving in with me very quickly and I didn't even really like her all that much. The sex was average and our chemistry wasn't even all that solid. She was actually kind of crazy.

I ended up regretting having that empty hookup for the longest of time. As cliche as it sounds, random hookups really are not worth pursuing in that context.

I should qualify that ONSs are only really bad if you're trying to replace someone instead of having fun with a stranger. 




 Reddit loves a good pun, the top comments of threads are mostly puns. I love it so much.

 




 In your defence, what sane person would turn the car around to search for that plastic bag. 




 They're not reviled. I've never actually met anyone who *hates* dad jokes. You get people who groan at them, but in my entire 27 years of existence I've never actually had anyone tell me to seriously stop telling bad jokes.

 




 Tzatziki.

I've been looking like a fucking idiot pronouncing it as tis-iki instead of zat-ziki
 




 Adding onto this, brush your tongue. Both of these practices will fix most of the bad breath out there.

You'd be surprised how much gunk is stuck on your tongue.

I started flossing every day a while ago and my teeth have never been whiter.  




 I'm 40 lbs down, this is my main secret. No booze, no sugary drinks. Just water and the occasional coffee.

That shit adds up quick in your daily calorie intake. 




 Thank you! Credit cards are only a bad idea if you use them wrong. If you use them as short term loan machines, then you're using them right.

Need $200 for emergency car repairs and fully intend to pay it back over the next pay check or two? Then you're a smart credit card user. 




 I love his work.

What I really admire is that he takes the same stance on his routine as George Carlin. He scraps his routine every year and writes new material. You have to respect that his act changes every year. Check out his specials, they're wonderful. 

Also, his stance on selling his DRM free content is remarkable. He does all of his own directing, shooting and editing then he provides *direct to the consumer* digital downloads. You can actually download his stand up specials for a one off payment of $5 and he makes some serious cash out of it. It's quite brilliant.

Plus anyone who can make me laugh about sexually stimulating a sewer rat has some real skill in comedy.

 




 It may be, but litter collectors would still be employed. There would just be ~~less~~ **fewer** of them.


Edit: Fine Stannis, its changed. Are you happy? At least my family's still alive. 




 Your straw false dichotomy hominem has triggered me. 




 I assume he means the public comment section, I *never* **ever** go there for Facebook or Youtube. It's just plain retarded to read.

In fact, I only ever read comments on things which only my friends are involved in. 




 If used right it can have a good effect on your life. 

Since I started using portions of reddit for information and support rather than lulz and dankness, I've lost 40 lbs, exercise frequently, formed better dental hygiene practices and learned quite a lot of trivia.

Shoutout to /r/loseit, /r/askreddit, /r/askmen, /r/askwomen, /r/progresspics, /r/fatlogic, /r/fitness and /r/todayilearned. 




 I think the problem is minors possessing porn *of* minors. That's illegal. 




 Not all litter is caused by people littering you would think, what about things like trash cans being knocked over by the wind, animals breaking open trash bags etc

Edit: My point is that even if these non human sources of litter only accounted for a small percentage of litter, the job of litter collector would still exist.

Edit 2: I get it, in a perfect world litter wouldn't exist. This thread isn't about a perfect hypothetical society. And not picking up everyone elses trash doesn't make you a *dick*. If it did, *litter*ally 99% of us would be dicks. 




 Funny story, this movie was released in Australia a few months after the US release as *The Wrong Man*. The reason being was that [the name *Lucky Number Slevin* was determined to be a spoiler by the critics after the US release lol. Because they saw the link between the horse at the start named Slevin and the main characters fake name] (/spoiler)

Excellent fucking movie though, very original and fun story. 




 Thanks, trust me when I tell you this - it will go so fucking quick! Just let what you're doing become part of your daily routine and try not to obsess over it every day.

It's been 4 months and it feels like 4 weeks. 




 Everyone is different. Some would rather many small meals throughout the day and that's fine. Others (like me) prefer to have 2 larger meals for the day.

The latter suited me better, so my change was to work out the rough calories for the meals I like. Once I had that number and determined how much my body requires at a safe deficit I (through willpower) stopped myself from eating.

I know consciously that my body had enough energy to keep going and the hunger I was feeling was superficial. Once you objectify food as an energy source and not solely as a source of pleasure, you realise how easy it can be to put the fork down.

So as strange as it sounds - *I fixed my relationship by objectifying my partner*.

Come at me foodi-nazis. 




 Oh, you're a woman? Yeah, guys have it much easier :(

My window for reaching my deficit safely is much larger, so 200~ calories over isn't the end of the world  




 That makes sense, I would imagine it would be hard to fit 5 guys into a daily food budget. 




 It really isn't that big of a deal, not in the long run. Once you see that you need to consume 3500 *extra* calories over your budget to gain a single pound of fat - you can see that going a bit over once in a while isn't the end of the world.

The important thing is to make sure that you don't have these cheat meals too often. Weight loss is about long term consistency. It's fine to stop your marathon for a few seconds before continuing :) 




 Your title is punderful ;)

Nice one, i'll be there in another 40 lbs :D 




 yesterday I fit Five Guys into it as well.

Please tell me this is some American food, otherwise this post got a little weird o.o 




 Do I think it's bad that some people find you more attractive than before? Hell no, that's a good benefit of weight loss - attractiveness is attractiveness, that goes for all sexes.

Do I think it's tactless of this idiot spouting "I would've liked you had you not been fat"? Yes. 

You're not being sensitive to this dick being so brash with you. As a guy, I hate hearing about these dickheads who give the majority of us a bad reputation.  




 After doing it for a while, don't you eventually learn the calories of your favourite foods? I'd imagine that there would be quite a bit of intuitive eating involved during maintenance. 

I'm just a sucker for routine, so by knowing what meals contain X calories, I can organise lunch/dinner to fit my budget without counting a thing in detail. 




 Am I the only one in here who has friends who are girls who I would consider 'one of the guys', just because she fits in well with us in social settings? 

I'm seeing lots of judgement for women who want to hang out with their male friends without feeling like they need to censor themselves around here.

This type of relationship is very common for the girlfriends of my friends. 

I'm starting to realise that the experience of the average redditor is not the experience of the average real person.

Edit: speeling 




 I'm so fucking excited, its such a good casting choice. Also, the fact that he is taking it so seriously tells me that he will do the source material justice. 

You hear that constantly from actors who play superheroes, that they don't want to upset the fanboys 




 I'm a little bit worried after this latest season, it wasn't really their best. I still enjoyed it, but there has been a tonal shift in the past few years. 

More specifically, I hope they do a factory reset with this meta humor shit from last season. 

That being said, the show will continue to be funny and watchable as long as idiots do idiot things :) 




  I didn't find this episode any different than any other previous episodes


You're totally on the money here, it was **exactly** the same as his normal episodes.

I think when some take issue with the main segments premise, it throws a spanner in the works for the show itself.

I guess that's a good thing? The show would be boring if you totally 100% agreed with everything that John says :)

Solid episode

 




 YES! Upvote to you, that's the one! 




 GW is tricky, not because it's unobtainable. but because I don't know what the number will be like when I decide to start gaining lean mass.  




 She took a picture? That's creepy as shit. 




 My current car is a 2008 Toyota Camry manual. The reason why this is so special is because years ago I spent **months** searching for a manual version of this car. I easily went through 40-50 cars and this one was the only manual which existed.

It makes me kind of sad actually, I would happily drive manuals for the rest of my life but so few are being manufactured. 




 Nah, that's not it. It's close though. Ill keep doing some digging. 




 That wouldn't be completely fair. My old job (during peak hours) I had to take 2 trains for a total of an hour to get there and riding a bike would take even longer. Driving took around 30 minutes and non of my colleagues worked in my direction. 




 I didn't actually drive an automatic until I had my full licence for 3 years. I couldn't believe that people could actually drive using only half of their limbs.

 




 They're not really fond of 'dude' either 




 I totally agree with this, when I first got my licence, my insurance company offered to shaved 10% off my premium if I took part in a defensive driving course.

I have to say, that afternoon was incredibly helpful. We learned how to recover from a skid, how to identify un-roadworthy problems with your car and how different speeds can affect different braking distances.

It made me a much more capable and confident driver, 10 years later and I've still never had an accident. 




 This sort of fits the question.

But there was a CEO of a company a while back who jokingly stated that his product 'was kinda crap'. That statement was taken literally and the stocks in his company dropped and he ended up going bankrupt. 

He had an effect named after him, can anyone remember what it's called?

Edit: Thanks /u/bigscience87 it's called the [Ratner Effect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerald_Ratner) 




 I get what you're getting at, but some people will still always do under the speed limit, I can't see having different lane limits changing that, also adding extra limits on the fast lane will likely make the fast line more congested.

I like the concept of 'keep to the left/right (depending on country lol) unless overtaking) 




 I assume you mean replace all traffic lights with roundabouts ? 









  Step 4: Call her dad

Warning, most girls hate it when you call them Dad. 




 Finally getting that annoying piece of food between your teeth out with your tongue. 




 I knew a guy who owned a house he was renting out to a few people, he had a legit house rule of 'if it's yellow, let it mellow. If it's brown flush it down' for the toilet. His reasoning? "Saving money on the water bill"

He meanwhile would take 30+ minute showers. I tried to tell him that shaving 10 minutes off a shower would save a weeks worth of 'yellow' flushing. 




 It's an **amazing** film, but it'll emotionally wreck you. So much so that I won't be rewatching it, despite me really enjoying it. 




 They're best enjoyed just eating by themselves like grapes.

So fucking tasty :D 




 You mother fucker, you had me till the last sentence. 




 The Tomacco episode of the Simpsons, that shit was perfect. 




 have you ever tried pickled garlic cloves? Oh sweet jesus they're delicious 




 A-are you a girl? 




 That chick is fucking shit at negging. 




 Oh sweet jesus that is a ridiculous cat. 




 OH MY GOD! WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOUR FAAAAAAACEEEEEEEEEE 




 Liero.

Try to pick it apart you monsters. 




 The problem isn't just the fat, the bigger issue is the calories. So many calories.

I've not had cheese in the longest of times due to it being so calorically dense. 




 Worst sitcom, ever. 
























 You're right, some of the responses are just... not... anything?

They're not funny or clever, it's just a sentence. Yet they get points.

I guess that's improv for you.

Either way I still watch the show and enjoy the shit outta it. My favourite part is when you get surprised by some of the guests. Did you guys see that recent episode with Eli Roth? That dude was hilarious and stole the show, who would've thought? 




 Guess it depends on your country, I'm an Australian who is 177 cm (5'9" and a half) and I'm of average height. 




 Kinda small? I mean isn't the national average 5'9"? 









 It's certainly both, but I wouldn't equate them as 50/50.

I'm very much looking forward to putting some lean mass on in a little bit for the reasons you've stated above :) 




 I found that losing weight made me exercise rather than the other way around. Initially I  just planned to control my diet and start exercising down the line.

But something curious happened.

A week into my efforts (after I saw the scale go down), I started sleeping better. I started having more energy. I got home from work, sat down and thought "shit, its sunny as hell outside I'm gonna go for a walk"

That has **never** happened before. That's how it started. 4 months later and I'm doing 20-30 minute jogs and loving it. 




 I exercise. And I am dead.

F 




 I think the thread was posted on /r/BestOf?

 




 F 




 Plot twist: /u/Starbucks_Lovers is Dexter's dark passenger.


Woah. 




  "go ski into a cunt"

That is one of the greatest insults I've ever heard. So much rich imagery.  




 I remember that thread, that was hilarious. The mass swooning was real 




 "NotTheAFP"

AFP is the Australia version of the FBI 




 Plus more sanitary than public drinking fountains 




 About 4 seconds.

Deako

**Deako is taken**

train_subject5967

**train_subject5967 has been created** 




 Seriously. That's it.

I was at my place with a few friends. We were watching the game (she was watching from her own place), the second her team got knocked out, I decided to post on her Facebook wall "Hey X, our power just went out, did your team make it through the finals?"

I immediately got removed from Facebook and she didn't return any of my calls or texts. I really did try to contact her for a while and she wouldn't respond. Screw it, she wants to be this immature I don't really want to remain friends anyway.

Reflecting back on it, I don't think I would've appologised even if she asked. In no way was what I said mean or offensive. We had a relationship where we would make fun of each other all the time. I honestly thought she was stronger than that. Oh well.

And adding to that, he she have said "Listen, you stepped over the line. Don't make jokes about my sports team anymore" I would've stopped. But she didnt, she just clammed up and threw the baby out with the bath water.

edit: words 




 A car. Seriously.

I have the means to buy a relatively expensive car and I have several friends who actually did this.

I'd rather spend 11 grand on a 3-4 year old car and take decent care of it. I could squeeze a good decade out of a car like that.


As long as it runs and is has relatively low maintenance then I'm all set. I have zero want or need for an expensive new car. 




 Flossing.

Not going to lie, I always hated doing it. But for the past few months I decided to start forcing myself to floss right before bed and I find that it's actually really pleasant to go to bed with such clean teeth.

Also my teeth have never been whiter or stronger, so there's that. 




 OHHHHHH I GET IT NOW

MOSQUITOES == BUZZFEED

 




 Fucking get this. A good friend of mine threw 10 years of friendship down the drain because I made fun of her favourite football team not making it into the finals a few years ago.

So stupid 




 The context of the joke is that it's a German guy saying that line. 

It's like that scene in Beerfest where a cuckoo clock goes off and a German guy says "Zee fuck is zat?" 




 Just adding onto that, he also did a Celebrity Who Wants to be a Millionaire... He then failed on one of the first questions. The question was *What's 11 X 12?"

Yeah, that happened. 




 Thanks Kile. 




 But I just know that if I buy new XL clothes that I'll be in L clothes within the next month or so lol 




 Speaking of that, if you see Kyle can you let him know his coffee is ready? 




 Thanks, I will keep going for sure.

The worst part was trying to buy work slacks. I just could not find a place which sold decent work slacks which had a high enough waist.

Not a problem anymore of course :) 




 Aside from cardio 2-4 times a week, the majority of my effort is in the kitchen. Even then there is little secret.

I eat a good mix of food, but much less than before. I'm on a 1800-2000 calorie diet. I only drink water or the occasional coffee.

It really has been that simple, so simple in fact that I'm kicking myself I didn't start months ago.

If I were to give your question a simple 1 sentence answer, it would be this:

**I stopped eating and drinking like an unsupervised 15 year old** 




 Plus if they're just a little bit too small, it would make a pretty good tangible goal to work towards.

Every day the pants fit a little better. 




 I have to do jeans shopping too! My 42" jeans require my belt to go 4 notches in :D

I actually have no idea what pants size I am anymore, same deal with my work slacks. 




 Nailed it  




 These numbers are so unfathomably high, at what stage do you stop negotiating a higher salary? Surely he can't spend all of that money, right? 




 I started trying to lose weight a little over 4 months ago. About 3 months ago my 8-ball pool team was getting new club shirts made and they needed everyones sizes. We were told that it would take a few months to get them made and delivered. So I ummm'd and ahhh'd not knowing what my size would be in 2-3 months time. At my fattest I was wearing 3XL clothing, so I ordered 2XL because I had no idea how much I would lose.

Well, I had a pleasant surprise today. My shirt came in and what do you know. I'm not a 2XL anymore. Not even close.

I ended up trading it in for an XL shirt and it fits like a glove (maybe even a little loose :D). I'm an XL for now :)

I think it may be time to go shopping.

Edit: Oh wow, this blew up more than I thought it would. Good to see my NSV helped many of you :)

For context **27/M/5'9" SW: 285 CW: 241 GW: 198**
[I also posted a progress picture the other day which got buried](https://www.reddit.com/r/loseit/comments/3c6blf/27m59_sw_285_cw_241_gw_198_4_months_in_44_pounds/)  




 Titantic deserved oscars for the visuals, but 1997 was an amazing year and Titanic didn't deserve all of the accolades. 




 Terminator 2: Judgement Day.

Oh god, did I watch this a lot growing up. 




 That was the first thing I did when I moved into my current place, I installed a lock :D

Since I share the house with 3 other guys, it's stopped a few awkward moments. 




 So myself and 4 others were playing last weekend and we enacted the Rando Cardrissian rule (essentially for each question we draw an additional face down card for each question and if that card wins, then the 'Rando' fake player gets the point). Normally when we play this rule, we get some funny combinations and Rando gets a few questions.

Not this fucking time.

Holy crap, Rando was on fire. He was pulling out crazy hilarious card combinations. Even winning a few multi card questions.

In the end I (21 wins) only **just** beat Rando (20 wins) and that came down to the last question remaining.

It was insane, has anyone else had this sort of luck with the house rules?

If you've not already, you should try this house rule. It's rather hilarious. 




 I'm confused, isn't there a review embargo? 




 Am I in the water? Because i'll take the piranha sized toddlers. I wouldn't even need to fight back.

Am I on the land? Because i'll take the toddler sized piranha. I wouldn't even need to fight back. 




 You clearly have never procrasturbated before. 




 In his defence, when those toddlers are in numbers they swarm like piranha.  




 Yeah this one isn't going to change sadly. Unless we remove anonymous up/down voting so that unjustifyable voting can be shamed, people are going to keep downvoting what ever they want. 




 **REDDIT IS NOT DEMOGRAPHICALLY REPRESENTATIVE OF THE STANDARD POPULATION** 




 I have my weight goals but my other main goal is to get back into the dating scene :)

I cant wait

You post reminds me of how much i want it :) 




 Your coffee is ready Kile. 




 Most of the time reddit won't sugar coat it (hehe) for you, you'll get honest unbiased opinions.

cheating myself with lies or half-truths about my lifestyle.

Another subreddit you may get something out of is /r/fatlogic. Despite it's name, its actually a very support place where people (the majority of which are either obese or formerly obese) talk about these 'half truths and lies' most of us tell ourselves.

 




 It's a /r/thathappened gold mine! 




 It's *totally* a numbers game. I also like to think of it like being in debt. I currently am thousands of dollars in debt and the only way to get back into surplus is to sacrifice a little bit each pay day till I reach my goal balance. 




 Nonsense man, if we're willing to allow people to file their taxes completely online, then we should be willing to allow people to vote online. 




 I dont understand men who're so uncomfortable around women doctors. THEY'RE DOCTORS. IT'S THEIR JOB.

Years ago I had to have an groin inspection from a doctor, there just so happened to be a female on staff. She was nothing but professional and at no time did I feel uncomfortable.

You mention penis questions as a reason for wanting a male doctor. She knows equally as much about the male anatomy as the male doctors. If you want a male perspective, talk to your friends. If you want medical advice, talk to a doctor. 




 No need for luck, i have science on my side! 




 The last time I did a platonic tickle fight with a girl, we ended up hooking up.

So... nah : / 




 Without any further information about you, I can tell you that 5 lbs a week won't continue forever. Eventually, you'll start losing at around 1-2 lbs per week, which is a healthy drop rate. 




 Adding onto this, being able to do up your shoes without holding your breath :D 




 Be prepared for the weight loss to taper off, don't get discouraged! I can tell you that the first week I was so worried that I hadn't calculated my diet correctly.

I was so excited to stand on the scale after 7 days and see a smaller number. That validation was amazing :) 




 Well done, that's a huge effort.

My personal realisation? That the concept of 'healthy foods' is wrong.

You're better off seeing food as energy. Most people imagine a healthy diet as a diet which is nothing but foods which are labeled as healthy. 

Could you imagine eating a diet of nothing but fruits and vegetables? I would losing my fucking mind.

A 'healthy' diet should be a balanced one. So eat a mix of foods within your daily calorie budget. So have an ice cream on occasion, have an apple. Why not have chips AND salad with your steak?

Once you start labeling foods as either healthy or unhealthy you end up setting your diet up for failure. I had a big pile of bacon and eggs for lunch yesterday and I'm still losing weight. Because I ate under my deficit.

 




 You know what? I like Gohan the way he is. Hear me out, pls no downvotes!

To me, he is a trope buster. You know that 'chosen one, must rise to the occasion' trope? Well he turns it on his head, to me Gohan is the audience. Most of us were his age in the early DBZ and we were all wishing we were the son of the great Goku. As the series goes on, he is told over and over about his great potential as a warrior and as a man. But with that comes the realisation of "just because I can, doesn't mean I should".

The Cell saga was my favourite saga of the entire series and this was mainly because of Gohan. I enjoyed the way that his character decided that he didn't really want that life anymore after Cell. He wanted to live his life since his childhood was sorta stolen away from him due to the previous sagas.

In the end, he will always answer the call to fight and defend his world but he won't devote his life to maintaining his power. 

So yeah, they could've made Gohan a mirror of his father but I think they gave him real depth by making him more well rounded as a character. He also answers the question we've all asked ourselves "Would I want to be the son of the great Goku? Could I handle the responsibility? How would my life be affected?" 




 Iain Glenn's RL accent is amazing to listen to. He did the audiobooks for one of the ASOIAF prequels and it was so fucking good.

Roy Dotrice is the master, but Iain is an excellent substitute. 




 That's the problem with dialogue based films, if you're not into the characters/story/discussion, then the long ass conversations can seem superfluous.

I enjoyed the fuck outta that movie :D 




 You've never had it? It's amazing, 9 out of 10 Doctors agree. 




 Ironically I think you woosh'd his satire 




 I don't understand it, it is a system which could be completely digitised. The Australian Government already digitises so much of our lives, why not this?

It's compulsory for us, I can only imagine how many people in the US don't vote only because "It was too much of a hassle".

Fine, you want your freedom from compulsory voting. At least reduce the hassle so that you increase voter turn out. 




 I'm going to chime in, because technically I'm allowed.

I was born in the U.S back in 87' but I've been living in Australia the majority of my life. 

I actually kinda wish I was over there with you guys, getting into the celebration. While I see myself as an Aussie through and through, I do kinda still feel some sort of connection to the states.

Luckily for me I have dual citizenship, so if I wanted to, I could live with you doods :) 




 thank mr skeletal 4 the calcium 




 I'm pregnant and it's yours. 




 On an episode of the Gruen Transfer, someone came up with a hilarious idea for marketing. 

Create a blank business called "9 out of 10 Doctors" and tack their label onto your product.

"9 out of 10 Doctors would recommend Asbestos Chewing Gum" is no longer false advertising. 




 This thread has been a good read gals, but I'm going to keep losing this weight no matter how you tempt me! :D 




 Also, see Argo.

Affleck made both of those movies incredible, the fucker is 2 for 2.

I think /u/tastypinksock 's anger is a little unwarranted, unless he's only seen pre-2010 Affleck. 




 I think Reynolds is a good actor that has a bad agent.

I was going to make a post, but you summed up all I was really going to say. The above line is my main point.

I have a bit of a man crush on Ryan Reynolds and he truely seems like a hilarious person outside of acting. But he hasn't chosen his movies well **at all**.

The only dramatic role I appreciated him in was Smokin Aces and that's not really saying much.

The dude really needed to get a role with this season of True Detective of something. Go back and do some more hefty dramatic roles.  




 Holy shit what a week. 

I'm so sad at the timing of LA Confidential's release, but who knows - had it have been a massive hit, we might have a whole bunch of stupid sequels. This way we can enjoy the movie as it is :D 




 What's the rate of homosexuality among pedophiles?

Is it the same as the general population?

 




 Australia - Animal Kingdom, Chopper, Romper Stomper, The Castle and Rogue.

There are many more, but these are the first few which come to mind.

As you can see, our gritty crime dramas are top notch. 




 Amazing fucking movie, everyone should check it out.

While you're at it, watch Chopper. Both are Australian crime classics. 




 **L.A Confidential** - it is one of my favourite movies growing up and it held up after all of these years. There is little about this movie which was bad, I couldn't look away.


After watching Terminator Genesys try to gut a franchise that I love, I found solace in a classic film which will likely never have the sting of a shitty sequel. 




 Yep, been a thing for a long time :D

Something lots of us work towards  




 Is what a thing now? 









 Hey guys,

I've been holding off on progress pics for a while now because I don't really see that much of a change in them (my clothes are all practically falling off, it's just the side by side which doesn't seem that much different).

Either way, 4 months in and I'm finally over the half way point for onderland. Still very much going strong. Thanks for all of your help my friends. My next progress post will be in onederland I hope :D

For the sake of clarity, I've been on a 1800-2000 guestimation calorie diet (not counting calories religiously, I just have a general idea of how much is in my food and I budget around it), I'm losing around about 2 lbs per week and as I'm edging closer I'm adjusting my diet ever so slightly. 

I do cardio at the gym 2-4 times a week. It was previously 45 minutes of fast walking with intermittent jogging bouts. But now I've worked my way up to 30 minute session which is 5 minute warm up walk, 20 minute solid jog and 5 minute cooldown. Which is actually one of my goals! **Hooray for NSVs**. 

I know there are a lot of people at /r/loseit who are really close to my stats. **Keep at it**, trust me. You'll wish you'd started earlier. I know I do :)

Thanks for being awesome guys. [Here's the progress!](http://i.imgur.com/V6h1Krf.jpg)



 




 Norton has assured me that all traces of that virus has been removed. 




 Niceeeeeeee

Keep it up man, i'll be there in a few months :D 




 Sorry, I don't have google installed :(

I'm sorry for any pain and anguish that I caused you. Not sure if that's a thing. 




 the plus-sized section... (which may I add, isn't called such, because it would be offensive to call it like it is) It's another story.

Oh come on, that's literally what it is.

Plus size is already a fucking watered down euphemism. 




 Nope :)

*Mate* is also an excellent way to save yourself in those situations where you forget someones name.

"Oh, hey... *Mate*...." 




 Awww, I clicked this link hoping you had discovered some ground breaking zero calorie dip. 

I'll just keep eating celery dipped in water. 




 Diabetes induced blindness? Not sure if that's a thing 




  I'm rocking the reverse hitler PLUS the patchy beard.

Are you me? The reverse hitler is literally hitler.

At least my cheek hair is starting to fill out : / 




 I may or may not have changed my weigh in day from early Monday morning to late Sunday morning because of this....

 




 I've been off the butts for almost 2 years now. You can do it! Mind over matter. 




 I'm a man of routine, so I did some intial research into the calories of my favourite meals. Once I had those figures, I built my daily budget around it. It's been 4 months and I'm down 43 lbs via this guestimation method.

My diet is around 1800-2000 cal per day. 




 I totally keep missing weekly check ins lol

Oh well, my loss is still consistent :) 




 It's a fine line between preachy and informative. I personally don't bring anything up unless they ask. If they're interested in trying, then i'll help them out. If they say any /r/fatlogic, I'll politely discuss it with them. But this all depends on the friend.

At the end of the day, I've not said a single damn syllable about my weight loss on social media. So only the people who've physically seen me of late know. This is mainly to avoid being preachy (I see some douchy stuff on Facebook about weight loss).

My plan is to make a single post with progress pictures once I reach my first goal, then I'm not going to bring it back up again. 




 If if this thread is "Just For Kicks", then why are we posting pants size? :P


M/5'9"/242lbs/**see below**

I'm not sure lol. I really am not. I need to go clothes shopping but at the progress I'm going at, I know i'll just end up needing to buy new clothes in a month or so.

For context I bought an XL hoodie and that fits rather nicely and my 42 inch work pants (which I used to wear without a belt) now need my belt adjusted to the 3rd belt hole. Also, my 3XL shirts are far too big now. I could probably wear an XL comfortably :) 




 That's why Australia is good, *mate* is both gender neutral and formal enough for most settings that your average person encounters :)

*Excuse me mate*, *sorry mate*, *g'day mate* or *thanks mate* are the most commonly stated phrases down under. 




 Make sure you time your weekly laundry well. I do mine Sunday night so that my entire weeks worth of clothes are GTG before work on Monday. 




  the leaked casting calls pretty much confirmed that Euron

I know it sounds like it could be Euron, I take issue with the statement that it *pretty much confirms* that Euron will appear.
 




  whenever I see a more than moderately attractive woman, my reflex is to assume she's either a total bitch ~~or~~ **and** taken

FTFY

 




 The leaked casting call asked for a pirate, that doesn't confirm anything. Had you said "there is hope", I may have agreed with you.

I'm being realistic, there is no need for the Greyjoys to get intertwined with Danys story, she has her own fleet in Meereen. 




 This is what annoys me, I absolutely **love** Spartacus and Jai was one of the best characters in it. I want him to succeed so much... But he keeps picking shit projects and ends up giving shit performances.

He needs a reboot (his career I mean, not a movie), or perhaps a dramatic role in a TV series. I mean the dude is still young... Kinda. 




 Speaking as an Australia, I was totally shocked too. His accent completely hides any trace of Australian accent.

He's one of my favourite actors going around right now. Awesome in Zero Dark Thirty and Rise of the Planet of the Apes 




 Guys... I really don't want to spoil your fun but.....

I think the Greyjoy plot is done with for the show : /

Perhaps there will be some follow up, but Balon Watch will continue forever.... Like a lover waiting at the pier for her husband long lost at sea. 




 Dude discovered the secrets of relativtitty 




 Oh god his Cinnabon bit is exceptional 




 I appreciate your hyperbole, never change. 




 Maybe not ridiculous, but it sure was stupid.

Years ago I had prided myself on always taking care of my phone. I've never lost one or damaged one. This was mainly because I would always be careful handling them and I would always slap my pocket where it normally lives before I leave the house or do what ever.

So anyway, one day I was at the GFs place and in my board shorts. Before I dived in, I did the old thigh slap to check that my phone wasnt in either of my front pockets. Not in there, good job train_subject5967.

So I dive in and have a swim. After swimming around for a while and I lean up against the wall of the pool and feel something poking my lower leg.

**Its my fucking phone**. I now realise that these board shorts don't have side pockets but they have pockets at the bottom of each leg. So that's where I logically stored my phone when I changed.


**TL;DR Phone storage hubris cause the destruction my pursuit of life long phone preservation**
 




 I wonder how many people like me thought your name was pronounced **Warli-Zard**. I'm an idiot. 




 Arr lmao 




 I first saw breaking bad episode to episode from the get go and i found her annoying.

I recently went back and rewatched the whole series back to back and my opinion has changed, i totally sympathised with her.

It must be because watching episodss week to week over many years causes you to forget the context of her actions. 




 It's brutal, because I notice them and my brain tells me "Don't stare man, she's here to work on herself and doesn't want to be gawked at". So a glance will do.

That being said, it works well for motivation. I see girls at the gym and think "Keep doing what you're doing any you could end up with one of these hotties" 




 my current boyfriend messaged me with only "i choose you"

Bold move.

I like it 




 I've only had 1 break up which I could best describe as *amicable* and that was my most recent one.

It was very mature, almost like I was dating an adult.

I sat down with her and had a long talk, she understood and empathised, I understood and empathised with her. In the end, she accepted it and a bunch of our conversation was about how to deal with some of the other stuff logistically speaking. Getting our stuff from each others houses, how to tell everyone etc.

I came away from it thinking that she too was looking for a way out.

What I **can** tell you guys is that if you really don't want to be in a relationship. Leave it. I felt 1000x better after finally leaving and I've spoken to her since, she feels the same way. 




 I lived in the 90s from age 3 till 13 which is when I defined myself as a 'kid'. 




 But how do you know that the man that you're approaching doesn't also have near debilitating anxiety? 




 The obsession that people have in their 20s with alcohol is stupid and rather unhealthy. While I'm not going to be completely sober for the rest of my life, I certainly don't drink to get *fucked up* anymore 




 After being dumped by a girl I ended up trying to fill that hole with some random hook up. We ended up moving in together immediately and I didnt even really like her all that much. Turns out she was also coming out of a break up and we were both doing the exact same thing to each other. 

We ended up breaking up and she moved out in the middle of the night owing us rent money.

0/10 would not do again 




 Agreed. Doesn't the threat of true mortality add more beauty to our lives?

Wow that came out more pretentious than I would've liked.

Cunty McFuck-Fuck.

That's better. 




 Six Feed Under. What a series finale.

It was so fucking perfect, a hour long *where are they now* for all the remaining cast. 




 I'm down 43 lbs from 285 lbs and I've found little difference in interactions. I know that I interact differently to people though. Now that I started losing weight, I'm sleeping better which means I have more energy which means I'm more out going which means that I'm more willing to be chatty with people.

So in that regard my interactions have changed.  




 Blue waffle. 




 Yeah you're correct there I think. I love Orion but it doesn't hold a candle to Suicide and Redemption. I can't wait for their 10th album, I hope they do another epic instrumental!! 




 To be honest, you're doing the best way. Cheat meals are better for sustainability than cheat days I find.

Having that friday night dinner where you have a massive steak meal with a couple of beers will make you feel so much better than a full day of drinking and bad food.

 




 I never ever understood people who can't talk to customers. 

7 years in retail has taught me that if you're nice to even the most horrible customers, you end up having a better time with them.

I ended up developing what I call a *customer assistance voice*. Which is essentially if you take your nicest demeanor, multiple it by 2, increase your voice by an octave, smile **a lot** and be overly sympathetic. It's so easy to do that I often wonder if I'm a sociopath.

So when I see people in the service industry who grimace and are rude to customers I find it completely unacceptable. **We get it, you hate your fucking job. But you're in a fucking customer facing job so do it correctly for christs sake.** 
























 Add garlic, trust me. It'll change your life. 




 One of the best things you can do is to fix your body clock. You can do this in 1 day. Set an alarm clock for 7am and no matter how little sleep you get, wake up and don't go back to sleep for the whole day. Do what ever you have to and then go to be at a reasonable hour that night. 

For actually going to sleep, here's some advice:

Turn everything off in your room, computer, TV, everything that has a LED or a humming noise.

Then close your eyes and get comfortable. It's story time! 

Use your imagination, do something. Tell a story, come up with your ideal video game, direct a porno with you and Jessica Alba! Have fun with it, let your mind go. Remember being a kid and having these imagination sessions? There is no reason you can't do it again as an adult.

In fact, several times in doing this I've had epiphanies for work haha. The point is to let your body relax into sleep. Also stop drinking any form of caffeine after 5pm, that one caused massive problems for me for years.

Also it sounds cliche but a good diet and exercise does wonders for how well you sleep. I've been losing weight for the past 4 months and just eating better has given me solid nights sleep, which in turn gives me more energy for exercise when in turn means I'm more tired at night for sleep! It's cyclical! 




 Reach around, feel stick, what do? 




 When I started saying "Man I wish i was single" coupled with a feeling of sadness.

I realised that it wasn't just me whining, I was legitimately unhappy.

Spoiler alert, I felt 1 million times better after I bit the bullet and broke it off. 




 OH

**Transmission sexuality**

Transexual - I get it now. 




 I went bald at 22, accept it and move the fuck on. Keep it short, don't grow it out.

You'd be surprised how little anyone gives a fuck about it. That's especially the case if you don't give a fuck either.

I would even make the move to completely shaved. I've started doing it now and it looks much better. 




 Shaved mine last night and along with fresh sheets I slept like a baby in a field of marshmellows.

feelsgoodman.jpeg 




 Yeah, it's perfectly fine to be like that but I don't think it requires a word. Same reason why there isn't a word for someone who only sleeps with someone who drives a manual car.

 




 It's not that uncommon, there is actually a title for it but I've not committed it to memory since it appears to me as a rather pretentious and unnecessary special snowflake title. 




 I get what you're saying, I guess it depends on who you're and what your relationship with the person is like. 

 




 That's very interesting, since it's currently only 70% on RT. I was rather shocked by that, how the consensus showed that it was nearly on par with Guardians and that was tracking 90+% on RT. 




 I have the dark circles under my eyes, I can see why someone might think that I'm tired. 

I guess I can see that if you're self conscious about it that it may be an issue, but if the person speaking to you doesn't know about it, it's kinda harmless. I guess following that rule up, you should just completely avoid saying anything about anyones appearance? Just in case what you speak about is a touchy subject? 




 I'm one of those mother fuckers who can drop them incredibly easily. I went from smoking a pack a day for 5 years to quitting cold turkey without thinking about it.

I dunno, just lucky I guess? 




 I disagree! I do 30 minutes of cardio 2-4 times a week and I love it!

That's a 5 minute warm up walk, 20 minute run then a 5 minute cooldown.

It goes by so damn quick, even if you're just listening to music and it feels great!

It also helps if you have a TV show that you can watch on your phone.  




 I've had two wisdom teeth pulled on two separate occasions and I avoided dry sockets, I was so incredibly scared of getting a dry socket that I would spend hours researching horror stories about it.

It ended up just making me more scared, just follow the dentist's instructions guys and you'll be fine. 




 I'm not sure I understand this one, I've had it happen a few times and I never took offense, never even gave it a second of thought.

Just shows to me that someone is curious/concerned 




 Ya'll mother fuckers need better Facebook friends, I've managed to weed out all of the annoying social media users on my Facebook. It's so much more peaceful being the only person on Facebook. 




 I've since learned how ruthless you have to be on public transport when it comes to inconsiderate people. If you have your legs or bag in the way of the last seat on the train, and I say "excuse me" and you don't move, I get to move your stuff for you/push past you without any recourse.

After witnessing it many times and realising the protocol, I now understand how to deal with selfish people :) 




 He seems to think so. 




 You're **pretty fly** for a short guy.

*cue music* 




 What the fuck is going through people's heads when they say shit like this. 




 Some of my gay friends call straight people 'breeders', I find it fucking hilarious 




 ITT: Validation for my decision to not have any work mates on Facebook and to have my profile completely private to anyone not my friend. 

Also fuck twitter. 




 I saw this last weekend! Insane movie, it holds up so damn well.

I wish Guy Pearce was in more stuff. 




 What else is he going to say? "To be honest, it's the same costume as the other movies"

I'm not sure how much different it can be from the most recent incarnation. 




 There has been lots of hype from critics about how it stands in comparison to the other Marvel movies.

How would you rank it against the others? 




 I forgot @midnight, I watch that for entertainment not for political satire and discussion like the others :)

Real time is tricky to recommend, but if you like the sort of harder hitting conversations from Daily Show and Last Week, then you'll probably like it.

Bill Maher can come off as a bit of an asshole, but I like his bluntness on the subject. Quite often the discussions put everyone out of their comfort zones and it can garner some actual discussion. 

Mind you, sometimes pandering nonsense can also occur. I watch it every week and I enjoy it every week, but I can get why people can't handle Maher. 




 I'm just hoping that Mr Robot isn't his long lost father or something. That would be a completely stupid trope. 




 I'm a programmer too and I can appreciate their efforts.

They also tack on lots of project management buzz words. Gantt charts, scrums, sprints and cycles lol

I love that show so much, I can forgive the artistic licence they used for the compression stuff because they need a piece of revolutionary technology which doesn't already exist. So I have no problem with it.

Since compression technology has real world applications, cracking it in the show is akin to cracking cold fusion and thus makes the impact of Pied Piper more enjoyable to watch. 




 -feels like Fight Club with computers

I would say its a mix between Fight Club and EARLY Dexter.

That feeling of his 'dark passenger' is really enthralling to watch.

Side note: I hate the title of the show, it's so hard for me to get my friends to watch it when I have to defend such a silly title. 




 I stopped watching around 2 months in, I have nothing against Larry, I actually think he's rather funny.

But the show couldn't figure out what it was 2 months in. They kept on switching around the pacing and the format. The round table discussion didn't work, Larry was too soft on people spouting nonsense for a hard hitting TV show and there was too much pandering for a decent comedy.

Daily show, real time and last week tonight are going to have to do for now. 




 Is it just me or does that look nothing like /u/permanentlystoned? 




 I agree, the begining of that 4th day was awesome. Slow and steady play. Some great defence against the good balls and some excellent punishment of the poor ones.

All we needed to do was slow and consistent play. Not have shitty batting collapses. I was so hopeful for the Warner/Smith partnership. 




 Even this video can't make me feel better after this weekend. Damn you England! 




 **We all know how writing on ADWD was hindered by the Meereenese knot, how is writing TWOW going by comparison? Has it been smoother?** 




 Reminds me of [Women are wonderful](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E2%80%9CWomen_are_wonderful%E2%80%9D_effect).. Kinda. 




 I AM A BANANA 




 This is the main benefit of a treadmill for me, GL trying to watch an episode of arrested development while going for a run outside. 




 Remember this subreddit after BMACs dismissal in the WC final? Even the kiwis were going nuts on him 




  Thatsthejoke.mpeg

needsmorejpeg.gif 




 Has to be Tyrions introduction if done accurately from the books. Remember how he does that tumble thing? That would look completely stupid on TV. 




 Ive never actually given 'recieving compliments' thought since reddit has brought it up, but i honestly cant remeber the last time i got one.

Im so not used to it. For example, i started losing weight over the past 4 months (44 lbs down yay) and ive only just started getting compliments about how i look... and i freeze up lol, my compliment taking muscle has atrophied after all of these years it seems.

I love the compliments and its a real day brightener, but its honestly not something your average dude gets often. Even the ones in relationships. I hope it changes :) 




 I spent quite a long time years ago on /r/atheism and what I learned from my time there, is that I don't think that his quote was satirical. People actually talk like that, it's rather disheartening. 

/r/atheism is a great sub if you're struggling with how society is treating you, it's a bad sub if you're just an angry basement dweller who ironically has a 'holier than thou' attitude towards the rest of the world. 




 The point is to create a massive ongoing joke and holy shit has it succeeded. The chain is hundreds upon hundreds of links long. 

Don't believe me? Go to /r/switcharoo/new and open the newest post and keep clicking the link. 

It's kinda incredible. 




 Oh god, I've done this before. But I was already almost at work when I went "Shit, my keys are not in my pocket. I must've left them at home".

So I proceeded to drive all the way home. I then turned the car off, took the keys out, took 3 steps out of the car and then looked at my hands.

Jesus that was a bad moment. 




 #notallmen 




 I actually don't like my middle name, so I totally omit it.

My paternal side is Austrian, so the name sticks out like a sore thumb. 




 Can we get a rule clarification please? The second he was hit in the groin, is it considered a dead ball? 




 Ire lmao 




 "Dad, what's a muppet?"

"Well. It's *not* quite a mop and its *not* quite a bucket. But maaaaaaaannnn..... *To answer your question, I don't know.*" 




 That's a spoon. 




 I quit back in 2013, but I can for sure speak up about this because I'm an Australian.

In case you didn't know why that's relevant, in Australia we have passed legislation requiring all tobacco products to be plain packaging and have [massive pictures of disgusting smoking related disfigurements on them](https://www.google.com.au/search?q=australian+cigarettes safe=active biw=1222 bih=602 source=lnms tbm=isch sa=X ei=iOWeVceHJIbg8AW6pLDACQ ved=0CAYQ_AUoAQ gws_rd=cr) (**warning NSFW, gross stuff**). We also have pretty specific rules when it comes [to packaging and marketting](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cigarette_packets_in_Australia).

I'm not sure what other counties do, but it's kinda intense here down under.

So anyway, how did it feel? I felt nothing and I didn't care. I think I can safely say that there is no smoker alive who has ever seen the warnings and said "Oh shit, it causes cancer? I better not buy this".

We all fucking know how dangerous they are and the majority of us don't fucking care. We're not thinking that far ahead, we're just trying to enjoy a smoke. When you have a drink after a long day at work, do you think to consider the liver damage sustained over a period of time?

So I see the packaging changes as a way to ward off young people from smoking. But I think the social stigmatisation of smoking does more than the packaging ever could. Nearly all of my smoker mates quit smoking and I think it's to do with how our current society reacts towards smokers.

Now if we could only point that stigma towards the junk food industry.... 









 "Disposable Ordnance Remover" heh 




 This is also in australia during the 90s and early 00s. Everything is expensive in aus 




 Try /r/progresspics if you don't already, that place motivates the fuck outta me. It's great to see pictures of people who have the same stats as you :) 




 Some are, sure. But if they're rated as Top Critic by RT then I'm going to trust more that they dont have some sort of bias towards the  film. 




 CICO doesn't work, I read it on the internet. Keep your fake cult away from me and my body builder metabolism. /s 




 It wasn't that long ago where I was in that position, my friends all didn't say anything and I'm glad they didn't. Chances are that the obese person already knows what they have to do, but it's never going to happen unless they want it to.

My friends job during my fatness was to not judge me and not tease me but if I were to spout some fatlogic, they would rip it to shreds and if I said I needed advice, they were all over it.

Several of my friends worked as physical trainers and several were in the army, so any time I did have questions or queries I always had help. But as far as them coming to me? No, never.

Knowing myself, I would probably tell them "I appreciate that you care, but it's my choice to live like this. I know I need to lose weight and I'll do it when I'm good and ready."

 




 "I need to lose weight" - No. They still aren't directly asking for advice.

If they say that, I would probably say "well if you want help with it, Let me know. I've gone through it myself :)"

It's the difference between offering help rather than just giving it. 




 Also daily weight fluctuations can fudge (hehe) the numbers.

I apparently gained 1 kilogram of weight last night. Either I somehow ate 7000 calories over budget, or I'm retaining water and waste. 




 And what reason is that? 




 Also only 6 out of the 24 reviewers are rotten tomatoes Top Critics. They're generally the ones I actually pay attention to.

Also Jeremy and Chris :D 




 Unblinking eye contact for as long as you can, it really is offputting.

Granted, this doesn't work if you love the person dearly. 




 Vegemite.

Seriously, most of the time that I hear people complain about it, it's because they don't eat it correctly. Just because you take a bite out of an onion doesn't mean that onions are not tasty.

 




 Literally anything, that dude has screen presence like no other. 




 Middle children unite : / 




 Oh god, I still have nightmares about this.

Thai fish cakes.

It was one of my mums favourite dishes so she did some research and tried to make it for the family.

Only problem was that she wrote the amount of coriander required wrong, she put in 4 times the amount needed. Now I don't know if you know what too much coriander tastes like, but suffice to say that even our dog, who loves eating shit, wouldn't touch them. 




 Or when you say a joke which gets a laugh, then someone asks you to repeat it for them or explain it for them.

Gah, it never lands as well a second time and you come off as a circle jerker when you repeat it. 




 Any fucking My Face When meme.

It's one of the most unfunny, unoriginal and completely effortless content which can be produced.

Give me a reaction gif and I can make several MFW sentences without any effort.  




 When being asked to talk dirty in the bedroom.


inb4 *yeah you like that, you fucking retard?* 




 Found the vampire. 




 I came here to say this, I do it for clarification all the time. It's an engagement thing.

"So I saw Steve, yesterday-"

"Wait, Steve from work or Steve your cousin?"

"Steve from work"

I find that this is perfectly ok and it helps with clarity and context.

If this is an annoying habit to anyone, they've remained silent for 27 years of my life. I also don't find it frustrating when it happens to me, it shows they're interested and are listening.

I would say interrupting is only a problem when they try to change the subject. 




 You and I have very different friends it seems, if someone in our group doesn't look well we'll ask if they're ok.

No one gets offended, even my female friends. 




 I legitimately do head checks when I walk from the left side to the right for what ever reason.

I do this when I change lanes in a car, why wouldn't I be worried about it when walking on the sidewalk? 




 Your dad is a master of ice breaking 




 This is only an appropriate question if they're already engaged 




 I remember reading somewhere that your body burns around 600 calories to replace the blood lost from donation. So there's that too! :D

Also following up on your main point... Become an organ donor people! I could think of nothing more wonderful than for my organs to help those who need it after I pass 




 I removed all sodas and sugary drinks, began drinking water and green tea

It's funny how making this change seems to do the majority of the work isn't it?

Also removing alcohol is the same thing.

We have near identical stats, I started at 285 and I'm now 241... Over half way to onderland! Ill see you there shortly :) 




 Nice one! I'm in a similar boat too! I just started switching a 45 minute fast walk with intermittent jogging to a full 30 minutes of jogging. Its funny how fitness works isn't it?

Its so gradual that you don't even notice how far you've come. I've found this is most prevalent when I take the stairs. I can now almost run up stairs and reach the top with little or no shortness of breath. 




 My family would do it every week. We would turn up Friday after school, they had a deal with for $20 you could rent 3 weeklys and 2 overnights.

So each week, we would go there and choose 2 new releases and 3 older ones. More often than not, I would not have a different weekly to choose, so I would just get an old favourite - Terminator 2 Judgement Day. You better believe I would rewatch that shit.

I miss it, but at the same time Netflix is just Blockbuster, but 100x more convenient. 




 Solve for X (   ) 




 Holy shit, I might actually see this now. 

Not even kidding, PG versions of this type of movie are so fkn hard to sit through sometimes.

Perhaps having an R rating might make it worth watching. 




 You're not likely to hear a single legit grievance for this casting choice, the dude can act. 




 Have you ever actually been to /r/fatlogic? I'm going with no. 




 You shouldn't need to do anything, if you're as close as you say then he will also want to like your new SO.

Introduce them to each other and don't over think it :) 




 No, that's the guy whose coffee is ready to be collected. Kyle is his name. 




 That it is, Another tip I'll give, let your motivation turn into discipline. 

Chances are that in a little bit, this surge of motivation will die down a little bit. But if you make your efforts part of your life then it becomes a matter of discipline! 

That's what will get keep you going for the rest of your life :) 




 Yes, that's my point. I'm showing that I have a quality which was caused by genetics which is not found attractive to the opposite sex (like fat people who blame genetics) and I don't go around telling women that they're wrong for having that preference. 









  Some people (like me) found the willpower aspect of weight loss easy.

Glad there is someone else like me, I feel really bad when I read about the mental illness struggles some people had to overcome to lose weight. I can't even fathom how hard it must be for them.

Really good post 




 Just make sure if you compare peoples weight loss to your own to factor in height. Even only 2-3 inches of height can make two people with the same weight look completely different. 




 Golf 




 I'm told porn is the tentpole which keeps tumblr erect. 




 Yeah, I was a bit confused too. Context is a bitch sometimes. 




 Hats don't fit on my bald head very well, check your hair privilege. 




  "propter *ham* hoc ergo post *ham* hoc!"

FTFY

 




 I assume you're out east too? It's pretty bad out here. Every weekend I get coffee with mates and we hang out at a shopping center to people watch, its incredible how many are actually in this situation 




 For those who're looking to increase their fitness somewhat, take the damn stairs! It makes such a difference.

According to my FitBit, every work day I ascend and descend around 20-40 floors. All of which could be done with an elevator or escalator. 

As I started to get into shape, I also stopped taking the elevator/escalator and starter taking the stairs for these seemingly short journeys.

This has made a huge difference to my fitness, i've been gradually increasing the speed which I take the stairs and now I'm practically leaping up them. 




 Speaking as a Melbournian who takes the train to the CBD everyday, don't underestimate how obese Victoria is.

Not a day goes by where I don't see 2 train seats taken up by a single person. 




 VICTORIANS REPORT IN


;) 




 when in fact they are both completely in your control.

Even then if it weren't in their control, I still don't understand it. 

I'm a 27 year old man, who is bald. I started going bald at 22 and that's the way the fucking cookie crumbles. This is truly something I didn't do to myself and is totally out of my control.

Now do I get all uppity and in the faces of women who prefer men with hair?

**Fuck no**, I'm not a narcissist, preferences are preferences. So I do the best I can with what I have and move the fuck on.

I don't blame society, that would just be plain fucking silly.  




 Nope, I'm being dead serias. 




 I may have to check them out at home, I don't want to end up on a list at work haha 




 I'm the same, I feel weird wikipedia hopping this subject. But it's so intriguing :( 




 Some form of spell check softwere. 




  ~~gasoline~~ fumes.

~~Petrol~~ Guzzeline

 




 YES! I do the exact same thing. I've been off the butts since September 2013, but I still do the 'keys, wallet, phone, smokes' thigh slaps when I'm out the door. 




 Of course. 




 This is a friends dream, but it's still funny

**TL;DR Friend went to test drive a Lamborghini, accidently murdered the salesman, picked me up to help hide the crime and flee from Nicholas Cage who was investigating the disappearance.** 




 Temporarily make people fart when they yawn, then watch in glee as morning business meetings fall into chaos. 




 I legit came here to write this. It's a party trick i did in my younger days. I have unnaturally strong teeth and I never had any issues after doing this over and over.

One day I did it and thought "This is fucking stupid, you're 24, take fucking care of yourself".

 




 5'7" **is** kinda small in the grand scheme of things. Not small, kinda small. 




 I actually don't think there is a raider around who doesn't understand not likely wow. 

Source: Been raiding in wow since it came out and still don't fully understand why I spend so much time playing every week. 




 Bronnister - works better :D 




 Doesn't matter, got booty. 




 I'm not sure I'd say *grew out of it*, more force myself to break the habit.

Chewing my nails. I have been doing this since I first grew teeth and nails. I was able to break the habit quite a few years ago and my nails are finally healthy and strong. Turns out, when you spend many years chewing your nails they become quite a bit less strong. 




 Adding onto this, turn off every electrical device you can in your room. It may seen weird at first to try to sleep in complete darkness and dead silence, but I've *never* had better sleep than after I started doing that.

My FitBit records all movements at night time and since I've started doing that, I get solid 'rock like' sleep, every night.

Even only getting 4 *uninterrupted* hours sleep is plenty for a day at work. 




 I'm with everyone here, unprovoked physical violence.  




 And so it fucking should. Despite it's name, a pilot has never grabbed hold of me like this one.

 





























 I was being hyperbolic dude, you didn't honestly think I was saying that not eating some foods would drive me mentally insane did you? 




 Fade in. raunch love making scene with Scarlett Johannson

Main character immediately wakes from dream to find himself in a warehouse. 




 There is little about this exchange that I don't like. 




 I would**n't** agree about the cheat meal thing, if you feel like you **need it** for sanity purposes, it's perfectly fine to do. But obviously if you don't need to do it, don't do it!

I myself don't have set cheat meals and the only time I actually do anything like that is for rare special events with friends/family, birthday dinners etc.

Edit: Oh whoops, I just realised how confusing my post is. I meant to say **wouldn't** 




 Reminds me of that fight in Robin Hood: Men in Tights.

"Watch my back"

"Your back just got punched, twice." 




 Wait a second, I thought shitlords was gender neutral. Women on this subreddit don't actually call themselves shitladies do they? 

Doesn't sound nearly as good 




 They're there. Look harder. My train ride this morning was made more frustrating because a heavily obese person was blocking the seat next to her and the seat opposite her.  




   They see it more as a "I ate less for a few days and still didn't lose weight".

Or they do do it for 2-3 weeks, but it's dishonest CICO. Almost like they're trying to prove it doesn't work. I've had friends tell me before "I don't count the calories I drink". Meanwhile they have bottle after bottle of soda. 

 




 It really does come down to portions most of the time. My dinners still consist of my favourite food (steak). I just now get smaller cuts and remove the fat. I'm still satiated. I don't need to eat a 400 gram steak since a 200 gram leaner steak tastes more or less the same.

 




 I eat at least 1 apple every day, I'm not fucking scared of diabetes from that, you're right - it's dumb advice. 




 Ask damn near **any** non smoker if they would ever date a smoker.

The answer is always "Bleg, no fucking way". No one bats an eye towards that response. Now replace *smoker* with *obese person* 




 My dad (who is very proud of my progress) calls me skinny, it's mostly in jest (I'm still 237 lbs). 

I find it funny and kinda like it . The reason being because for him to make that joke he has established in his own mind the progress that I've made. Its a real compliment.

To each is own I guess.

 




 Not googling their own problems. They always ask me to fix shit on their PC. If their issue is, VLC toolbar disappears when full screen. I will literally go to google and type "VLC toolbar disappears when full screen".

It's really not that hard, no computer knowledge necessary. 




 Fake rape, Mike Tyson? 




 That's really good news, I know he was looking at ending his test career soon anyway, but I would rather see him make that choice irrespective to health. 




                ._ o o
               \_`-)|_
            ,""       \ 
          ,"  ## |    . 
        ," ##   ,-\__    `.
      ,"       /     `--._;)
    ,"     ## /
 




 Get home at 3 am with the gf at the time, we then had drunken sex. My friend had just caught a taxi back after buying like 20 cheese burgers from McDonald's.

He then proceeds to barge in my bedroom door and throw 5 cheeseburgers at us going at it. He then bails in a fury of awkwardness.

We decided to stop what we were doing, collect ourselves and have a cheeseburger break.

 




 Ok. 




 Neither did I. 




 Found the /r/cricket subscriber 




 I drank it, it tasted ok. 




 I'm at such a mid point that my go to 'high five height' is at such a level that tall people don't need to bend down and short people don't have to jump up to high five me. 




 Let me put your mind at ease. For you to have actually gained that 3 lbs, you would have had to eat 10,500 calories more than your daily expenditure. 

Obviously that's not the case. 




 :3 




 Its been 4 and a half months since I started losing and I made the conscious decision to completely cut beer out of my diet. Now I'm not a complete teetotaler. I've had drinks exactly 4 times in that time period, all for specific milestones with my friends.

Each and everytime I've done it I've always retained water for quite a few days afterwards. It's really interesting actually.

The most recent time was 2 weeks ago, I had a few drinks during the day and for the next few days I had actually gained 2 lbs. Then half way through the following week **whoosh**, dropped down 4 lbs. 




 Hey, I started at 285 lbs (27 M, 5'9"). I'm now 237 lbs after a bit over 4 months. Listen to what /u/funchords says, the dude knows his stuff.

But the time will fly by if you let it. Make the necessary changes to your diet intake and then make it part of your routine.

The most important thing? **Do your research**. Know how much you need to consume daily and eat at that budget. Factor in *some* exercise, but don't think that exercise will contribute nearly as much to your weight loss as diet, because it won't.

Weight loss is 80% diet, 20% exercise.

Finally, while I recommend doing lots of reading here at /r/loseit, try not to obsess over your weight loss too much. Daily visits here for hours on end can make time slow down dramatically, since weight loss is about the long haul, you need to be patient. 




 I'm wondering how much of a self fulfilling prophecy these articles are?

How many people do you guys know who wont try to lose weight because they think it's too hard? Sadly most of these people are spoon fed pseudoscience nonsense about the subject.

Diets fail because of people, not diets themselves. If you tell someone, you're going to fail at something over and over. They're likely to do so. If you tell them, something will only fail if you let it fail, then they realise that what we're doing is 100% a willpower thing.

I think a more simple solution to this epidemic is to combat the misinformation which is so rampant in our society.

Edit for caveat:

Ok, so even if this '5% of dieters succeed long term' wasn't complete nonsense. **So fucking what?** I'm not succeeding because I rolled the dice and got lucky. I'm succeeding because I wan't to succeed, because I care about my body and because I wan't to live till 80. 




 Can...Can you be my parent? 




 I think the bottom line for me is, polyamory is perfectly fine - if all parties are aware and consent of the situation.

My house mate is polyamorous and his lady friends are all fully aware of it and enjoy it. It's an fascinating sight actually. 




 I think adopting 'social egalitarian' will do wonders for the current feminism movement. By adding a all encompassing moniker, it adds strength to the movement as a whole.

Imagine if the LGBT community was split off into it's own factions still. 




 I'm a man and I believe this to be true. In my anecdotal experience, the vast majority of times I've hooked up/met a girl have been without me being 'on the prowl'. It just kinda happens. 




 I'm not sure why I upvoted you, but I did. 




 Good points, I think it's a combination of things. We were totally outplayed by England in that first test and it kinda reminds me of the World Cup.

Australia went into the world cup as strong favourites and we choked up against NZ in the group stage but after that loss we pulled our head in and didn't skip a beat the rest of the entire tourney.

We needed that loss in the first test, we needed to have our hubris broken down for a second so that we could perform to out best.

I don't want to take away from England too much, we know that the team **isnt** that bad, the first test showed what they can do. I just think that Australia changed gears heading into this test.

I agree, let's calm down on the alarmist attitude. It's a damn best of 5 lol 




 GOT EM 




 Outlander was a real underdog. Excellent premise for a show. Definitely check it out. 




 Ask your mother. 




 Totally normal. For the past 5 years one of my best mates and I go to the same cafe and get coffee 2-4 times each week. 

We just enjoy our coffee and shoot the shit. It's totally rad. Would recommend.

Plus the cafe is in a shopping center, so there are plenty of hotties to ogle. 




 It really isn't, I stopped smoking the stuff many years ago. 




 The Lego Movie. 

I'm not crazy am I? I have no idea what the fuss was all about.

I didn't find it funny and the plot was just plain silly 




 Kiss Kiss Bang Bang. Seriously, go out and fucking see it.

It signaled the return of RDJ. 




 The Sopranos, fuck me that song is catchy as fuck.


*Woke up this morning...* 




 Any other Australians out there?

[Splice Big M](http://farm5.staticflickr.com/4013/4549597895_c01ddd7068_z.jpg) 




 How did you do that? You substituted almost every word in your compliment for something else. 




 Crushed by OPs mom. 




 Lost my virginity on Australia Day 2005.

That's about as Australian as it gets. 




 Oh i have a story for this haha

New years 2011, i was camping with around a dozen of my mates. The countdown had already finished and the night was starting to wind down. A girl at that party had been stood up by a guy she invited up camping. She expressed her frustrations to the group about the guy and openly admitted she was horny as fuck.

She then apparently turned to me and said "ok, im going to my tent, if no one joins me ill just finish myself off and go to bed". Then she got into her tent. I didnt even react and my mates just kinda glared at me like "well? Arent you going to follow her?"

Now i say *apparently* because i was so high that i had no idea she was even in the same timezone as me. So i got told the next morning "dude, why didnt you follow her into her tent? She wanted to bang you".

I was shocked to find out how weed cock blocked me.

 




 Relevant  username?  




                ._ o o
               \_`-)|_
            ,""       \ 
          ,"  ## |    . 
        ," ##   ,-\__    `.
      ,"       /     `--._;)
    ,"     ## /



 




 aw ye nah.

thanks moit 




 cheers cunt 




 Reflection is important, well done.

Reflection helps combat backsliding. Now i dont recommend this for everyone, but it works for me. I told my friends that they have my blessing to make fun of my fatter self. Go nuts, it helps keep that fat fucker out of my life. 




 Reddit can't spill for shit. 




 G 




 F 




 I can't even fathom how awesome that bot account is. 




 Living to 27 years old.

I fucking nailed it.

**Update Edit**: Turns out I'm 1/10 for 'living to 28 years old'

Source: am ded now 




 My bad habit was not flossing.

For 27 years, I had never flossed. By the mercy of a lifetime of flouride infested tap water, I've never had any real dental issues.

I now floss *daily* and I can already tell the difference. My teeth are now nice and white, and my breath has never been fresher. 10/10 would recommend. 




 Liero.

Oh god I love that game. I have a sneaking suspicion that I won't ever play it again out of fear of breaking my nostalgia. 




 If your joke recipient isn't blonde, it's also acceptable to change the premise to *How do you confuse a stupid person?* 




 Calm down men. 




 Olympics? I dunno, probably not. Commonweath games? Fucking oath.

Most commonwealth countries already play cricket. We did this back in 99'(?), why not again? 




 Stop looking at me like that Ryan Reynolds, you're making me feel things. 




 I'm an ethereal being and your use of the word 'matter' offends me.  




 What's the supreme courts decision on hanging around with the lads whilst  bumming fags? 




 The deliciousness of Vegemite toast. 




 Steve Irwin : / 




 As long as you have warm salt water to wash after, I found mash potato was an amazing change from soup when I had my wisdom teeth out. 




 I'm in a similar situation, 45 lbs down, 40 more to go. I'm wondering how I'll see myself in the future. How will I get treated differently? How will my confidence change? 




 At the moment? NONE! I'm in the process of losing weight (45 lbs down :D), and removing alcohol from the equation is one of the main ways to do so, it's been over 4 months and aside from 3 rare land mark occasions (bucks party, friends 30th, visiting a friend interstate) I've not had a sip.

Prior to that? I was drinking most days. Not getting black out drunk every night, but several beers every night. I was going through 1-2 slabs a week easily.

No wonder I was a fatty fatty boomba-laty. 




 I think that's the big one, being good because if you don't then you'll be sent to hell, isn't really *being good*, is it?

I don't murder people because I'm afraid of going to jail if I do. I don't murder people because it's fundamentally wrong.

My secular parents taught me the golden rule, no worship required. 




 I see this often posted on our sister subreddit /r/askwomen, when ever a question is posted as 'females of reddit...' there is quite a bit of backlash as it's considered objectifying. The correct term being 'women of reddit...'

Do you feel the same way 




 If it makes you feel any better, any guy/girl who reads this will never make the same mistake as you out of fear of the cringe :)

So thanks for that 




 #YEStallmen 




 HOLY FUCK A LAUGHING OTTER 




 This is reddit, we're already friends : 




 Don't forget "uset" instead of "used" 




 Anytime someone adds "but" at the end of a sentence.

*My food tastes really good but*


**hhhhnnngggggg** 




 Saturday Night Live.

After 40 seasons and 787 episodes, you could start at the very begining and watch the entire thing without sleep or rest for the entire 30 days and STILL have more episodes to go.

Plus watching the culture shift from the 70s to the present would be insanely interesting.

 




 That's actually really nice :)

I think it's perfectly reasonable. If you live a good life and do right by your fellow humans, isn't that something that a higher power would want at the end of the day? The fact that some do it without worshiping someone shouldn't matter in the grand scheme of things. 




  I have tried many times to imagine just dying and then not existing. I can't comprehend it. 

Trust me, even the most ardent atheist has the exact same problem trying to comprehend it.

Best way to imagine it? What do you remember about the year 1820? Nothing, because we obviously didn't exist then and it didn't bother us then either.

It's a sobering realisation that in the very likely event that there is no afterlife, that we'll just cease to exist. I can totally see why religion likes to provide hope to quash this perfectly reasonable fear. 




 Something original. Let's hang up the LOTR belt now Peter. Don't do a Silmarillion movie.

I would really like to see what he can do with an original story, he would probably direct the shit outta a sci fi flick. 




 I like his genre analysis videos (I assume that's what you're referencing), they're really impressive. 




  If you're enjoying it and keep going back, then you're doing it right

Well said, I'm enjoying the shit outta it. 




 My goal from exercise is fitness over weight loss. I'm losing weight in the kitchen at the moment. 




 ITT: Swooning. So much swooning.

 




 Wow, thanks for taking the time to help me out!

I'd never thought about my progress in context of a marathon before :D

I'm not sure where to go from here to be honest, 4 months ago my plan was to work my way up to a 30 minute jog. Now I need a new goal :) 




 I actually do have a HR monitor. [Heres a report from a workout a few days ago](http://imgur.com/Om0SACh). I sit at around 160ish bpm during my run. 




 Haha, I get what you mean. I mean it, trust me. I'm working my ass off. 




 Is it homophobic because I (straight male) won't date a gay man? You don't make any sense tumblr. 




 So thats irrespective to the speed you're traveling? Because while with controlled breathing i can do my 30 minutes without being heavily out of breathe, i certainly cant hold a conversation during haha 




 Hey guys,

Was looking for some help clarifying the differences between jogging and running.

For context, I'm a 5'9" male and my cardio sessions consist of 30 minutes on a treadmill going 5-5.1 mph. I'm not sure if it fits the definition of jogging or running.  

I guess at the end of the day, who the fuck cares. I'm loving the hell out of my workouts. 




 Your logic is very common, we all see our thin friends eating a burger and think "Oh wow, he/she eats all he/she wants and still stays thin". So we just assume that this is because of some magic condition that they have which you don't.

This of course isn't true, you don't see how much they eat exterior to your viewing of them. 




 Try to work your way up to higher impact stuff. At my heaviest (285 lbs) I would only walk. Now that I'm 45 lbs down, and I've been working my way up to it. I can do 30 minute jogs without pain to my legs and ankles. 

It's all about acclimating your own body. But yeah, time on the bike, swimming or elliptical will help with that. 




 You guys must have different friends than me, we all talk to each other about anything and everything. 

Yes, I would make the comment. 




 I'm an Australian on an American website, don't you think I already know the metric conversions!!! Get outta here bot. 




  he doc told me I could gain about 15 lbs. in water weight

Sweet jesus, you can retain that much? That's insane. So like us camels are. 




 Whose arm is that? I've still got yours right here \ 




 You know how unhealthy it is for you to reply to OPs comment with satire, right?

Don't be an idiot and think of him for a second! 




 The problem is that they don't see your first sentence as correct fundamentally. A hardcore HAES supporter truly believes that being obese has no medical effects on the human body.

There en-lies my problem with the movement, this obvious lie has massive implications to obese people all over the place who believe it.

 HAES sounds like a good concept in principle (accepting your own body), but in practice denying that there is room for improvement is a horrible idea. If taking a flight of stairs makes you puffed out, your reaction shouldn't be "I'm so proud of my out-of-shape-ness", it should be "oh god, it's obvious that I'm not as fit as I used to be, I should work on that". 

That's a truly healthy acceptance of your own body. 




 How do these mother fuckers explain the literal millons of people who are currently losing weight by sustaining a 500 daily calorie deficit? Are they all just magicians? 




 When she broke up with me, I did a burning of the letters and photos. It actually was very cathartic, 10/10 would recommend 




 It's an interesting question. I have a friend, this guy is 5'10" and 240 lbs of muscle, he's massive. Every time we go out, he gets swarmed by women. You constantly see him get felt up by random women who don't ask. It's a rather prevalent double standard, that's for sure. 

Now to your question, do my friends and I do anything about this? Not really. He's mentioned that he likes the attention, but no so much from the older gals, but we're not going to start confronting the women who do this. He's an adult, he if doesn't want the attention, he can speak for himself.

Now reverse the genders here and it seems like a weird thing to consider.



 




 No need to over think it, as long as you're nice to him at family gatherings that's all you need to do. 




 Depends on the obviousness of the flaw, but sure, we notice. Do we care? Unlikely, we all have flaws. Is having stretch marks a deal breaker? Fuck no. 




 After being off the sauce for the past 4 months (for weight loss reasons), my opinion about alcohol has changed fundamentally ever since. Before, I was of the opinion that drinking was important to social situations, but I've since discovered that it's entirely untrue.

What ever the reason for someone being sober, it doesn't bother me what so ever. If you're fun, I'll invite you to shit. 




 I bet you're fun at- Oh wait. 




 \ You dropped this  




 I didnt know you were losing weight with your husband /u/funchords! Nice work to both of you :) 




 As long as you have consent from all parties, best of luck to you.

I personally couldn't do it, I would be a jealous mother fucker. 

My house mate is a bit of a man whore and he does this with around 3-4 women at the moment. It's rather impressive actually. All I can do is plead the 5th if any of the girls ask about the other girls. 




 Haha, I do this now. I now leap up stairs two steps at a time and if it looks like I'm going to miss a set of traffic lights (Happens alot in the city) Ill sprint to make it. 

So much more efficient. 




 I have no idea why I feel so weird doing this. I really don't. There is zero reason you can't see a movie by yourself.

It just feels strange and lame. 




 It's my experience that they're extremely rare. Out of all of my guy friends, only 1 has expressed any wish of having kids. Our average age is around 28 and 4 of them are married. 

Just the sign of a changing time I guess 




 I'm not going to echo what /u/funcords said, because he hit the nail on the head for your weight loss being about diet and not exercise.

But something I will add is about the exercise. It will come in time, trust me. You do need to ease yourself into lest you injure yourself.

I initially started at 285 lbs, which is a little less than you but in the past I've tried to do too much too quickly and I've ended up injuring my knees, ankles or shins. I started small, I did walks. I live right next to a park, so I would just take a long walk and listen to audio books as many times per week as I could. 

Always stretch your major leg muscle groups before and after your workout. And make sure that you have a warm up and cool down. This for me was always just a 5 minute slow walk to warm up and a 5 minute slow walk at the end to cool down.

At that stage, my goal was to eventually be able to go for a run comfortably. I've been slowly adding small bouts of jogging into my workouts over the past 4 months and I've gone from a 45 minute fast walk to a 30 minute solid jog without injury at all. This is in large part to me easing myself into it. If I were in your situation, I would do something similar (work my way from simple, to hard) but I would be more cautious. There is absolutely no shame in holding off starting exercise till you've lose some more weight, you'd be surprised how much easier your body handles exercise after 45 lbs less is on you.

But to reiterate, weight loss is 80% diet. Get that under control and your exercise will follow naturally :)

 




 "Life is too short to always watch what I eat! I'll eat whatever I want!"

Doesn't really make sense when you factor in that **not** watching what you eat makes life even shorter. Besides, you don't have to eat only healthy foods for the rest of your life, that's just fatlogic sour grapes. It's easy to say "I don't want to eat nothing but apples to lose weight", that's just a strawman for weight loss. 




 I feel like reddit is more interested if you're still bros with that guy than if you're still dating that chick.

 




 Sorry I'm late to the party, but hopefully I can help.

If she thinks a persons sexuality is a choice, then ask her why she decided to be straight.

If she says that being straight is natural, remind her that there are hundreds upon hundreds of animal species which regularly engages in gay sex. Google that shit, its fascinating.

Overall, good luck trying to convince her of anything. Chances are that these opinions have been hammered into her since she was young enough to know what the words meant.

 




 I dated a netball player and she was taller than me. It never even crossed my mind. Some people can be rather silly when it comes to this stuff.

Like I get having preferences, but it does seem a little silly when a preference is due to your own insecurity. 




 Oh man, your wife is the real exception. Enjoy your unicorn :D 




 Damnit, I was here to make that joke. I guess we're cyster sisters. 




 Perfectly fine, I had a first date where we were just meant to meet up for coffee, but after a few hours of holding our now empty coffee cups at the cafe, we decided to go for a walk around the park near by.

It was really nice, plenty of fresh air and since it was a Sunday there was lots going on at the park, which helped the conversation move along well.

I had no idea I knew so many anecdotes about frisbees. 




 "Ill get this one, you can get the next :)"

It's that easy. 




 Hand shakes if you just met them, and a hug or a kiss on the cheek or a combination.

Depends on the person, but who cares they're likely not overthinking it like us. 




 Nice one man, I remember being in your position as a graduate quite a few years ago. Be glad that you found a job, it's tough right out of tertiary.

Don't worry, you'll get plenty of on the job training and try to remember as much about project management that you learned in your studies! That comes in handy more than any programming knowledge :) 
























