























































































































 Mr. Moore:

I read with interest [your letter](http://www.ea.com/news/we-can-do-better?ClickID=dcsyz0xhwthrxxxnbm22hhbok2ktrrkt2yxk) to the gaming community regarding the perceptions your customers and the gaming community have of Electronic Arts (EA).  I can understand some of your frustration as indeed some of the criticism is unfair, some unfounded and some overblown.  It is true being bigger, as you implied, means you catch more flak.

I am one of your customers but not a particularly important one.  Merely one drop in a very large bucket.  Nor am I "the voice of the community" or speaking for anyone but myself.  Nevertheless I wanted to address some points you made in your letter and I feel fairly certain many others are thinking the same things (or near enough).  Hubris on my part?  Maybe but it is in earnest.  

I get why being voted "Worst Company in America" would bug you.  It should bug you.  Not because you actually are the "Worst Company in America" but because enough people would think it to vote that way.  This should be telling you/EA something and that it is something to think about rather than dismiss as a bunch of juvenile cranks.

The trick is to figure how the people voting are defining "worst".  Is it "most evil company that destroys ecosystems" or can you think of it as "who treats their customers poorly and delivers a sub-par product while trying to extract the most money they can from their customers"?  Make no mistake I have no love for the oil companies but as a customer they do deliver the product I expect with little hassle.  EA on the other hand seems to be like a gold digger eyeing a prospect to figure how much he/she can be squeezed for.

To be clear, I completely understand EA is a business and they are in this game (pun intended) to make money.  If you do not make money you will be out of business...simple as that.  Absolutely nothing at all wrong with trying to turn a profit (no business would exist if it didn't...learned that in Econ-101).

The issue arises in how you go about making that money.  I will not sit here and tell you the right way to do that (actually I started doing that, wrote several paragraphs and deleted them...email me if you want them).  I will, however, point out some clear misses and apparent blind spots from your letter.  I can guarantee you that this is not just my opinion.  Your corpo/PR approved/sanitized speech has only [incensed people further](http://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/1bqz6u/peter_moore_we_can_do_better/) (hence this letter).

- You did not support SOPA but [did not oppose it either](http://www.joystiq.com/2012/01/17/ea-explains-lack-of-sopa-stance/).  Further, you did support the Entertainment Software Association which did support SOPA.  Distancing yourself from that is dubious.  It is like pretending you have no political stance while sending money to...I won't Godwinize this letter so will leave it at that (did I just pull off a stealth Godwinization?).

- Your wonderment at the Mass Effect fiasco shows a lack of understanding about what it was the fans were mad about.  Watch [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6M0Cf864P7E).  It should clear things up.

- Your fumble of the SimCity launch could have/should have been seen miles away.  I'm sure you had pre-sales numbers so had good reason to know *most* of those people would be jumping your servers in the first few hours.  How can you miss that?  Is giving away 900,000 games cheaper than buying a few more servers?  (Now I think about it I can see that it might have been.  Will need to get my tinfoil hat to ponder that one some more.)

- SimCity always online bit IS a DRM scheme.  It may be other things too but I am sure the folks at EA did not miss that it manages to be DRM because I am (almost) certain they are not stoopid.  That said the DRM aspects may have been icing on the cake.  The online bit for SimCity looks like a good way to get micro-transactions going for the SimCity franchise.  Bottom line is there is NO reason SimCity ever needed an online aspect.  It was not, has never been, that kind of game and has never been a big request for players.  Pretty sure the internet has been telling EA/Maxis that from the very first time they learned of it.  EA/Maxis did it anyway cuz you know...to hell with what the customer wants.

- 45 million registered users is not a meaningful comparison to Steam.  I can personally say I have four games on Origin and 100 (I checked) on Steam.  I log in to Steam several times a week.  I go months without logging in to Origin.  I am willing to bet, indeed I will bet you, Steam blows your doors off in this and will continue to do so.

- About the Madden cover thing...in any large enough group you will have some cranks and weirdos.  I have worked for multi-national companies before and seen some of the complaints that come in and bizarre barely covers it.  Ignore them.  Worry when so many people dislike your company you start winning contests about being the most hated company in the US.

- As for the LGBT stance kudos to you.  You will be on the right side of history and, frankly, it is a smart business decision for you.  Bonus it is also the ethical and the morally correct decision.  Obviously it is a polarizing issue and you cannot keep both sides happy at the same time.  Not being snarky or kidding at all about this...good on you and EA for this position.  

It is encouraging to see you saying EA wants to do better and I really hope EA follows through on that.  You have excellent examples out there such as Steam (perhaps your nemesis but you would be foolish to not figure out what they are doing right) and/or like the folks at CD Projekt RED (to name two).  Both are doing smashingly well with incredible consumer loyalty doing almost exactly the opposite (in many respects) of what EA does.

I used to like EA.  I want to like EA.  You need to decide whether you want to be [Walmart or Costco](http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2012/11/26/why-can-t-walmart-be-more-like-costco.html) in this.

Sincerely,

train_subject9958 












































 I was reading the article [It's Diablo 3 All Over Again with the SimCity 5 Launch](http://www.tomshardware.com/news/SimCity-Diablo-DRM-PC-Gaming-Always-Connected,21385.html) and it occurred to me that for all the gnashing of teeth over these things our pain doesn't matter.

For all the bitching and moaning gamers can produce it is of no matter.  There is ONE measure these companies care about...sales.  

The article I linked above compares Sim City 5 to Diablo-3.  As bad as Diablo-3 turned out to be here are the sales results:

Diablo 3 increased its sales by 2 million from the Q3 of 2012 and that makes Diablo 3 the #1 best-selling PC game at retail for the calendar year 2012 in North America and Europe. ([CITE](http://gamerexp.com/diablo-3-passes-12-million-sales-world-of-warcraft-lost-subscriptions))

In short, all this bitching and moaning is meaningless.  As long as EA can nab best selling games you can bitch all you want.  I guarantee they do not give a shit if they can sell 12 million copies.
 





















































































































































































































































































































 Frustrated by a lack of political power and fed up with blindly donating to politicians who consistently vote against the industry's interests, a handful of leaders are determined to shake things up.

Are they serious?  What planet are they living on?

Whoops...not sure why that didn't link to the article.  Here is the link:

http://www.americanbanker.com/issues/177_66/SuperPAC-banking-Howard-Headless--Friends-of-Traditional-Banking-1048138-1.html?zkPrintable=1 nopagination=1 














 This has always confused me.

Imagine I step off the ISS into space and I want to de-orbit and fall back to earth.  When I step off the station I will remain in orbit next to the space station.  To get back to earth do I need to speed up or slow down?

My confusion stems from the following:

The further away from earth you are the slower you go to stay in a stable orbit.  So, if I slowed down would I move into a higher orbit?  To get back to earth do I need to speed up?
 


































 Not sure if my Vanguard guy should focus more on Aim or Strength.  He is tank specced and has a few melee based attacks as well as ranged attacks.  For the most part the ranged attacks are not all that strong and more damage seems possible with the melee stuff (such as Stock Strike).

Ideas?  Opinions?
 














 I am level-17 Vanguard still tooling around Coruscant.

I have pimped my character about as much as I think he can be pimped on this planet.  Using commendations he has a very nice blaster rifle (complete with mods) and his armor is about as good as it will get for the next few levels (he has an Aim of over 200).

Anyway, when I am fighting mobs my blaster rifle feels like a squirt gun.  I am laying in shooting non-stop and their damage bar ever-so-slowly goes down.  Then my companion (Adric-dude) pops one shot with his autocannon and half their health bar vanishes.

Granted the blaster rifle is not meant to be as powerful as the heavy guns but geez...feels more like I am whipping them with a wet noodle.

My special attacks do damage fine and are what carry me through but I just figured the second most powerful set of guns in the game would have a bit more oomph to them.

Any ideas on what I am missing or is this just how it is? 




 Seems to me it is not in their interest.

If SOPA passes people registering websites would go way down.  People hosting on their site would go way down.  SOPA simply puts far to much liability on a website operator for anyone to be casual about it and that would reduce the number of people starting websites.

So, forgetting for a moment that SOPA sucks and should be opposed period where is GoDaddy's self-interest in supporting this?

As near as I can tell it would only hurt their business.  Self-interest, if doing the right thing is too hard for them, should see them oppose this anyway.

 




 Say we have an infinite series of random numbers such as:

68432010267983002180002687964157862...(goes on forever)

Is there a chance that if you chose some series of numbers, say 1234567890987654321 or 00000000000000000000, will not occur?

If so how big does the series have to be before we could expect a chance of not finding a given string?  That is, it seems silly to think we would never see 35 or 91 or 47 to never appear.  As we get longer the chances for a given series to appear diminish but they never reach zero.
 









 I know the quick answer to this is "no".  I realize Quantum Mechanics has the electron sorta smeared out and assigns probabilities to its location.

That said, does the electron actually have a specific location at any given point in time and the problem is merely our inability to pinpoint it (Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle)?  Or is the electron, in reality, really smeared out?

Also, I know the Bohr Model of an atom is not correct (i.e. electrons orbit akin to planets) but if that is incorrect is the electron orbiting in any fashion or is it blinking (or jumping for lack of better words) from place to place?
 







































 I think this has been mentioned before but it bears repeating since I have seen numerous people pointing this out lately.

This is an internet message board.  Not AP English class.  People will make mistakes when typing messages.  Happens.  Stop correcting every little error and instead focus on the gist of the post.  

Mind you, I am all for proper grammar and I think anyone wanting to make a serious point is well served if they pay attention to their grammar.  Mistakes only detract from what you are trying to get across.

Still, mistakes happen and the worst editor in the world is the person who wrote what is being edited (loosely speaking).

There are some caveats to this (not meant to be an authoritative list as I am sure there are other exceptions to be found):

1)  You are correcting someone who is correcting someone else's grammar.

2)  The misspelling changes the post in a way that makes it unintentionally humorous (worth making note of that).

3)  The grammar is so atrocious as to be nearly unreadable.

Bottom line is to use common sense.  Would you want the topic of discussion in a post you made be your use of "there" instead of "their" when it has nothing to do with anything you were writing about?

Try [this bit by Stephen Fry](http://vimeo.com/15412319) if you want the point put more eloquently than I ever could.

EDIT:  To anyone who loves language I *highly* recommend the Stephen Fry bit I linked.  The guy is brilliant.

 





























 An Englishman, Irishman and Scotsman walk into a bar and order a pint.

They look at their beer and notice there is a fly stuck in the foam of each one.

The Englishman, showing some disgust, grabs a spoon and fishes the fly out.

The Scotsman casually flicks the fly out of the foam with his fingers.

The Irishman grabs the fly and yells, "Spit it out ya bastard!"
 
































































 From the linked article:

S P, a unit of McGraw Hill Financial Inc, has said statements about the integrity of its ratings are "puffery" that cannot be a basis for the fraud lawsuit, filed on February 4 by the U.S. Department of Justice.

"Puffery" is a legal term amounting to [promotional statements and claims that express subjective rather than objective views, which no "reasonable person" would take literally.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Puffery)

That has to be one of the most fatuous statements I have heard in a long time.  They SOLD their ratings not on the basis of "puffery" but clearly as intended to be factual assessments of the given securities they were rating.

Seems a court got this right this time.
 









 The main purpose of the One Ring was to dominate the will of the users of the other nine rings.

Men succumbed almost instantly to this.  The Elves figured out what was up with their rings and took them off before they could be used against them and I forget what the Dwarves did with their rings.

That said only Sauron could wield that power.  If others used the ring it came to dominate them and would have them seek out Sauron to return the ring to Sauron (the ring was imbued with Sauron's spirit to an extent).
 




 Richard Feynman (great scientist) explains this well: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tuxLY94LXw

Short version is it gets front/back reversed and not right/left. 




 There is no limit to the amount of data they could collect in principle.

The problem lies in cost and how big the unit is to be able to hold all that additional information and still remain as resilient as they are.

Over the years more and more data has been added to the black box so they record more than they once did.  Whether there are still some things they'd like to record that they don't or they feel this is enough to determine what happened I do not know.
 




 You should do something to make your your first sentence that is a quote more obvious it is a quote.  I suspect a lot of your downvotes are because people think you are the one espousing that notion (on a first quick read I almost hit the downvote button till a second check I realized you were quoting the article).

*Italicize it* or use the quote function:

E.G. this thing

Or not as you like.  Just saying.  Carry on.

 









 Battlepaws Galacticat 




 John McCain [voted against a bill he himself had originally sponsored](http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2010/12/when-john-mccain-was-a-democrat-almost/68291/).

 




 483 comments and only one original comment (all the rest are responses to that one top comment as of this writing).  

Must be some kind of record.  

I guess barring accidental ass bleaching which is apparently rare no one wants to admit to doing it on purpose.  That or Redditors are not a target market for ass bleaching.
 




 This a hundred times.

The ending and the [look on their faces](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=3JTH5VPAT4Y#t=166) is some of the best move making ever. 




  Germany had two fronts. Their ability to manufacture was easily bombed.

Actually German production [increased year-to-year](http://chris-intel-corner.blogspot.com/2013/05/wwii-myths-german-war-economy-was.html) throughout WWII despite the bombings.
 




 Amen brother (or sister as the case may be).

You can eat a hundred steaks from a local supermarket and they'll be fine...good even.

Then you have a steak that is top notch.  The cow was raised well, the butcher knew their stuff and the chef knew how to make the best of that and you have something truly remarkable.

I've only had a few like that in my life (tends to be very expensive) but seriously...WOW!

Put it this way...I have had hundreds of steaks in my life.  I still remember those few distinctly many years later.
 




 There are three grades of beef:

- Prime
- Choice
- Select

Prime is of course best and also expensive.  Choice is still very good and reasonably priced.  Select is cheapest and it shows.  For the most part steer clear of "Select" cuts.  By eye you can generally distinguish the cuts by the [amount of marbling](http://www.kansascitymamas.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/beef-grades.png) they have (more marbling = good).

----

Try to understand the main parts of the cow and where a given cut comes from.  There is a lot of fiddly detail that can be learned but that would be class 301 and 401.  For 201 just try and remember this image: http://0.tqn.com/d/culinaryarts/1/0/i/Y/-/-/US_Beef_cuts.jpg

Note that in general the further away you are from the horn and the hoof the more tender the meat is (muscles that work more like leg muscles are tougher).  As such the tenderloin is the most tender cut.

This is not to say tougher cuts are bad...far from it.  They just need to be cooked a bit differently and/or longer for a desirable result.  That said in general the more tender cuts tend to be more expensive (doubtless there are exceptions).

----
Avoid the Round part of the cow.  I am sure there are some recipes that make good use of it but I cannot think of one off the top of my head and would have to look it up.

That said the round is cheap...probably the cheapest part of the cow so if you are on a serious budget it can be a consideration.  You'll just have to work harder to make something good of it.

----

When buying meat make sure the specific part is listed.  If you buy "stew meat" and other generic sounding bits it is usually from the round and other undesirable cuts they are hard pressed to sell otherwise.  

So, for instance, when buying hamburger get ground chuck and not just "hamburger" which will probably be the round (ground sirloin works too but ground chuck is more usual).

----

Understand how different cuts cook.  A NY Strip is great for grilling.  A brisket needs a long, slow cook. Bigger cuts may need to be braised.  The more connective tissue and what not the longer you need to cook it.

----

Cheaper cuts are not necessarily "worse".  The tenderloin is probably the most expensive cut but it has little flavor (very lean...it is prized for being tender...the chef needs to add flavor).  A brisket is a cheaper cut but can be freaking awesome when cooked properly.

Again, just stay away from the round (in most cases). ;)
 




 Must be an age thing.  I recognized all of it.  Thing is you rarely see a chateaubriand or even a t-bone on a menu anymore (restaurants figured there is more money in selling a filet and a NY Strip than a t-bone I think).

It was only a couple weeks ago at a specialized butcher that I saw the first tomahawk cut in ages...I was a kid last time I saw that in the meat case.

Hangar steak is indeed making a comeback.  Had not seen it in ages and am now seeing more of it very recently.  I think that is because beef prices are way up and it is a relatively cheap cut so they can offer a steak on the menu and retain a profit margin and not scare customers.

Ribeyes and the rest have been around forever.
 



















 I bought a Samsung 840 Pro 512GB SSD.  My current system has two drives running in Raid-0 for a total of 250GB (I know but it has served me very well for years).

My question is when I install the new SSD should I leave the current drives in and migrate or unplug the old drives, setup the new drive and do a fresh install of windows and all that?

Either is doable.  Of course migrating would be simpler overall.  I do not know if there are issues getting trim to run via this method though.

Opinions?  
 










































































 Where is everyone?  I figured the Wrigleyville area to be a hotbed of Reddit activity!
 





































































 You can see a description of the recent uproar [here](https://tv.yahoo.com/news/kim-kardashian-kanye-west-vogue-cover-backlash-anna-193400697.html).

While I, personally, am no fan of West or Kardashian and view them both as symbols of what is (at least partly) wrong with this country I am not understanding why there is an uproar over their appearance on the cover of Vogue.

It is my understanding Vogue is a fashion magazine.  West and Kardashian are certainly fashionable and attractive (physically).  Since when is Vogue meant to be socially minded or politically active?  Even if readers think they should be how can these two be so controversial *especially* considering their success?  I thought the sorts of people who read Vogue are the sorts of people who are [Keeping up with the Kardashians](http://www.eonline.com/shows/kardashians).

I do not get it.
 
























































































































































































 I have been looking to buy a [Sony KDL-55W900A](http://www.amazon.com/Sony-KDL-55W900A-55-Inch-240Hz-Internet/dp/B00AWKBZ0M/ref=sr_1_1?s=electronics ie=UTF8 qid=1377791638 sr=1-1 keywords=kdl-55w900a).  Unfortunately it really is a bit big for the space I want it in.  Doable but would rather have a 46" set.

Unfortunately Sony does not sell the same model in the US in a 46" version.  Their 46" one is a step down in terms of the technology inside.

I was surprised to find that Sony does actually make a 46" version of that set and sell it in [Asia](http://www.sony-asia.com/product/kdl-46w900a) and [Australia](http://www.sony.com.au/product/kdl-46w900a). 

I would MUCH rather have the 46" set and am puzzled why Sony would not sell it in the US but that seems to be the case.

So my question to those here is are there any reasons to *not* buy the TV from overseas and have it shipped?  Things like the menus are in a foreign language and can't be changed (not really a problem from Australia though) or the TV has some kind of regional locking or stuff like NTSC vs PAL from the old days or anything else?

Or do HDTVs work the same everywhere?
 















































































 Follow-up:  If the allies were aware the holocaust was happening why did they keep it a secret? (At least I cannot recall seeing any propaganda by the allies about it and the soldiers, at least, certainly seemed surprised when they liberated the first camps.)
 




















































































 So...looking to revisit Borderlands 2 and maybe get some DLC Steam tells me there is [$110 dollars](http://i.imgur.com/LSpGzoc.png) worth to be had.  Pretty sure there is overlap here and seems kinda shitty Steam would lay out a $110 pricetag but maybe I am wrong.

So...what is the deal with this? (see linked pic above) 













































































































 Hell...the Civil War wasn't over till 1865 so it is hard to make that accusation before that time.
 




  For starters, I think there are some mental health problems associated with the gay condition. Not that being gay is a mental health problem, but that gays tend to have mental health problems.

No they don't.  At least they do not have mental health problems out of proportion to any other group.  Put another way homosexual people can experience the myriad of psychological disorders the same as any other group but no more and no less.  It is possible things like depression are induced because being oppressed is not fun and would make anyone depressed.

The American Psychiatric Association (APA) removed homosexuality from its official Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) in 1973.  Further changes were made in the 80's and there is no longer any diagnosis professionally recognized as a disorder because someone is a homosexual.

"Males do not represent two discrete populations, heterosexual and homosexual. The world is not to be divided into sheep and goats. It is a fundamental of taxonomy that nature rarely deals with discrete categories... The living world is a continuum in each and every one of its aspects." *(Kinsey, et al. 1948 Sexual Behavior in the Human Male (1948), p. 639)*.  




 The movie Darkstar. A seriously bad (but in a great way) movie from 1974 (I think). John Carpenter directed it.  




  Pinback: All right, bomb. Prepare to receive new orders.

Bomb#20: You are false data.

Pinback: Hmmm?

Bomb #20: Therefore I shall ignore you.

Pinback: Hello... bomb?

Bomb #20: False data can act only as a distraction. Therefore, I shall refuse to perceive.

Pinback: Hey, bomb?

Bomb #20: The only thing that exists is myself.

Pinback: Snap out of it, bomb.  




  The two major things to avoid with a nuclear reactor are a runaway reaction and a meltdown of the core.

I thought a runaway reaction is a meltdown (as the reaction gets out of control the core heats up and the whole thing melts)?
 




 Yeah...it talks a little about it in the article:

The BBC understands that Google does not search Gmail accounts for other forms of illegal activity, such as pirated content or hate speech.
 




 The part where you cannot deny a woman's right to an abortion.

Granted that is a "right" that was read into the constitution under the "penumbras and emanations" which deemed a right to privacy to exist in the constitution despite it not being explicitly mentioned.  From this right the SCOTUS ruled that a woman cannot be restricted from obtaining an abortion by the state.

You can of course argue that the SCOTUS reasoning in Roe v. Wade is wrong but it remains the law of the land (well...Casey has supplanted Roe and weakened it but a woman still has a right to an abortion).

If the state passes a law that regulates clinics saying, "All doctors must have X" then makes it impossible to get "X" then the state is impermissibly trodding on woman's rights here.  




  You really don't need to read the email's content to filter spam.

I am almost religious about marking spam as spam in my email client and blocking senders of spam in my client and I still get a lot getting through and a lot shunted to my spam folder.

Spammers are well aware of the easy things you can do to block them and are waaay ahead of you on that. 




  This was Google deciding someone is guilty and they should hand him over to the police.

No.  This is Google suspecting a crime may have been committed and handing the evidence over to the police.  The police then decide if there is enough to go on and, if so, arrest the man.  A court will decide if he is guilty or not.

And as noted in the story **all** US companies are legally required to report suspected child abuse.  So, if Google is scanning the emails and is able to discern a suspected child abuser they have no choice but to make the authorities aware of it. 




 Looks great.  I am using now instead of my old one.

The only request that I'd have for the app is if the time till the next train/bus arriving at a stop was displayed on the "Favorite Routes" page.  Not sure if you can squeeze that in or not but would be nice to see at a glance.
 




  I'd like an app that tries to emulate the "should I walk/transfer here or here" i do based off of looking at where my present stuff is and what would be where I ended up going, and sometimes the congestion of the trains ahead or traffic in case of bus.

I think Google Maps will route the ideal route for the time and conditions including transfers using mass transit.
 




 You can never really get 100% of the money going to the cause.  Someone needs to pay for the lights and the office space and the receptionist and the postage and whatnot.

Most good charities will be able to tell you what percentage of each dollar goes to the cause the charity is supporting. 25% for overhead is pretty good (75% to the cause).
 














 I've always looked at someone laying hands on you as a green light to respond.

I assume you mean "respond" in this case to mean "retaliate".

I can come up with dozens of variants of "laying hands on you" off the top of my head of "laying hands on you" that would suggest retaliation goes too far.

I think you need to be more explicit.   




 Kaiser Wilhelm II was a moron.  In a world where things make sense he *might* have managed a government spot as the city dog catcher.

Put the likes of Bismarck back in control of things and it'd be a different matter.

 




 They would NOT cover this.

This device would not necessarily prevent conception from occurring.  Hobby Lobby would consider the resultant failed pregnancy an abortion and hence would oppose it.

Basically it is The Pill (which Hobby Lobby obviously opposes) in a time release electronically controlled dispenser.

 




 The US Constitution says the president may be impeached for "high crimes and misdemeanors".

Thing is there is no definition of what that is exactly.

As a result congress can impeach and convict a president for pretty much any reason at all.  There is no appeals process to it.  If congress throws the president out because they do not like his tie they can do so and there is nothing to stop them except for public opinion.

While that may seem terribly broken and not fair people need to remember that despite the legal language surrounding it impeachment is a purely political endeavor.  Basically, as representatives of the people, Congress is firing the president from his job...that's all it amounts to in the end.

That said there is no way they will get president Obama out of office this way.  They may succeed in impeaching him (like Clinton was) but they will never get a conviction from the Senate and they know it.  This is nothing more than political grandstanding on the republicans' part.

EDIT to add:  Thinking on it more the republicans are probably laying the groundwork and hoping to take the senate in November in which case they could proceed with impeachment and expect to succeed.

 




 One of the panel mentioned how the woman is the victim.

Seems to me if you initiate a physical assault on someone you are no longer a victim.

That said there is proportion in all things.  If the woman slaps you and your ego is more injured than your face that does not grant you permission to punch her lights out.
 




 While I cannot speak for the individuals on that panel (I do not know who they are) they are speaking at a Heritage Foundation event which make them among the war monger faction.  The Heritage Foundation was a big supporter of the invasion of Iraq.

The woman speaking decries the millions killed despite most people being peace loving which seems to imply it is worthless to be peace loving. 

Seems to me her rant is a cautionary tale about keeping an eye on people exactly like her who would lead you to war over the most meager of provocations.  Four dead in Benghazi?  Sad and tragic to be sure but does it merit that whole panel?  Four people (or more) are shot per day (NOT every day) in Chicago with some regularity.  How about they convene a panel to solve that problem?  Oh yeah...there is no money in that.
 




 It really depends on the breed.  Many lap dogs have a variety of issues but the working breeds are often in great shape (they have to be) and they excel at particular tasks.

The trick is to find a reputable breeder.  In the US there are far too many puppy mills which do not give a shit about the quality of the animals they produce.  In some cases this can ruin an entire breed (this happened to the German Shepherd Dog which now has serious health problems in the US...the armed forces and police go to East Europe to get their dogs instead of buying from the US).

If responsibly bred with a care to the gene lines there is no reason you cannot get a healthy pure breed dog.  Such a dog is usually quite expensive though.  A mutt from the local pound can be a stellar family pet and costs very little.  Unless you have a real need or jones for a particular breed a dog from the pound is the way to go 99% of the time.
 




  From a retail perspective, they're much harder to shoplift.

People are also less likely to return the product assuming that if it can't be repackaged in what they bought it in that it cannot be returned.

 




  Why do some people think Democrats are so smart, have you seen their voter base? There's just as many republicans that are not scientific as their are democrats, so generalizing that republicans don't agree with science is in fact not science itself.

Individuals may espouse some stupid ideas but the republicans are actively opposing scientific consensus from scientists.  More, it is not just an occasional crackpot here and there but has taken center stage in republican policy.

For instance:

- The Texas Republican Party has as part of their official party platform that governments at all levels should ["ignore any plea for money to fund global climate change or 'climate justice' initiatives."](http://thinkprogress.org/climate/2014/06/05/3445339/texas-gop-2014-platform-climate-change/)

- ["A new law in North Carolina will ban the state from basing coastal policies on the latest scientific predictions of how much the sea level will rise..."](http://abcnews.go.com/US/north-carolina-bans-latest-science-rising-sea-level/story?id=16913782)

- All that stuff I was taught about evolution and embryology and the Big Bang Theory, all that is lies straight from the pit of Hell. And its lies to try to keep me and all the folks who were taught that from understanding that they need a savior.

And...

- I dont believe that the Earths but about 9,000 years old. I believe it was created in six days as we know them. Thats what the Bible says. ~Paul Broun (he's a doctor and was on the House Science Committee)

-  "If it's a legitimate rape, the female body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down [pregnancy]." ~Todd Akin

And so it goes with them. 




 Chicagoan here too (whole life minus college time).

Never heard this before in my life and I hear the siren go off every first Tuesday of the month at 10a from my office in the Loop.

Not saying they don't do this somewhere in the city but certainly not anywhere I have ever been.

 




 Cover your nuts before you say that.  You're about to get hurt...badly. 









  It costs more money to kill them though, since we allow for an extended appeals process to make as sure as possible we are killing only the guilty.

It is not more expensive because of the appeals process.  It adds to the cost to be sure but the cost would be more even without the appeals process (see my other reply to /u/ImAGhostOooooo). 




 It costs substantially more to put a person on death row and execute them than it does to imprison them for life.  This point isn't even argued by death penalty advocates.

How expensive is the death penalty? Just over a year ago, Fox News issued this alarming statement:

Every time a killer is sentenced to die, a school closes.

Dramatic, sure. But some claim that the data backs up these assertions.

While the actual execution costs taxpayers fairly little (the drugs used in Texas run a mere $83), the costs associated with death penalty trials and the resulting incarceration are disproportionately higher.

Citing Richard C. Dieter of the Death Penalty Information Center, Fox reported that studies have uniformly and conservatively shown that a death-penalty trial costs $1 million more than one in which prosecutors seek life without parole.

A Urban Institute study (downloads as a pdf) found that [i]n Maryland death penalty cases cost 3 times more than non-death penalty cases, or $3 million for a single case while a 2004 Report from Tennessee Comptroller of the Treasury Office of Research that claimed [i]n Tennessee, death penalty trials cost an average of 48% more than the average cost of trials in which prosecutors seek life imprisonment.

snip

I assumed that this was because of all of the post-trial finagling that goes on. I was wrong. After reviewing data from state reports, Amnesty International concluded that the greatest costs associated with the death penalty occur prior to and during trial, not in post-conviction proceedings. Even if all post-conviction proceedings (appeals) were abolished, the death penalty would still be more expensive than alternative sentences. [SOURCE](http://www.forbes.com/sites/kellyphillipserb/2011/09/22/death-and-taxes-the-real-cost-of-the-death-penalty/)
 




 I have DirecTV and I have never had anything but except exceptional service.

I do not work for them, I do not own stock in them and have no family reliant on them.  I truly think they are awesome.  I say this as a former Comcast customer (among a few others over the years).  I have come to loathe the cable companies.  That is not hyperbole.

That said I have never tried to cancel my sub and perhaps that is different.

What's the catch?  They are FUCKING EXPENSIVE!  I mean seriously expensive.  I spend $150/month and not even that gets me all the channels (most but not all and I had the best package then they added an even more package and that just pissed me off).

So why do I stay with them?  Awesome service.  

My picture almost never goes out except in an occasional powerful storm (which cable suffers from too since their feeds are from satellite).  Cable was far, far worse.  My picture is better than it ever has been with cable.

The equipment is fisrt rate and incredibly capable.  I can record six shows at the same time off of one input feed.  That box holds dozens of hours of content and it can be watched on any TV in the house with ease.  

Their on-air menu system is freaking light years ahead of cable.  Better looking by a mile and far, far more user friendly.

Customer service *for me* has been nothing short of stellar.  I do not think I have ever waited more than 5 minutes for a rep and the reps have always fixed everything remotely within minutes with no need for a repairman to come out.  When I have complained about a charge (very, very rarely) they just wipe it off my account.

I called them on a Friday about maybe upgrading my system and they gave me all the top notch DVR shit at no cost but also came out the next day (Saturday) to install it all (work on the roof on the dish as well as the new DVR) and hook-up the whole house with the new system (very cool...you can watch any show in any room DVR).  Cost of the install?  $0.00 for about four hours of work (I tipped him but that may have been weird...just felt like he deserved something extra).

Again, DirecTV is expensive as all hell and I have been considering unplugging from them because of it.  Only thing stopping me are some particular circumstances with my living arrangement.  If AT T buys them (I fucking hate AT T although they are not even the worst) that may be enough for me to go.

I am not denying the experience of the OP.  Maybe their customer service turns to shit when you tell them you want to stop service.  For my money if you are going to have any service DirecTV is the best.  You'll pay for it through the nose though. 




  No one missed that point, not a single person, it's in your imagination that we don't already know that.

You cannot say what people do or do not know.

What we can say is people are trying to discredit the whole OP because it is cherry picking its numbers.  

And they're right about that.  The OP did cherry pick.

However, the complaint did not note the subtext which is the workforce for solar is on par with coal currently and well placed to sail ahead of coal in the future.  

If "not a single person" was fooled it is odd to neglect to mention it if only to be fair and for completeness sake.

This has clear policy and political ramifications and so the commentary I was responding to can only be seen as intentionally deceptive and/or pedantic.  In short it was as guilty of misinformation as what it was railing against since it skewed perception of what is happening.
 




 The EFF's Privacy Badger can purportedly block Canvas Fingerprinting:

The EFF is releasing the tool the same day that ProPublica reported on the emergence of a new type of supercookie -- canvas fingerprinting technology, which tracks users based on characteristics of their computers.

snip

The EFF's Eckersley says that Privacy Badger currently is able to prevent AddThis from tracking users. It's really a simple message: if you try to track people without their consent, it doesn't matter whether you use cookies, canvas fingerprints, or some other kind of supercookie -- Privacy Badger will find you, and block you, he says in an email to MediaPost. [SOURCE](http://www.mediapost.com/publications/article/230430/eff-says-its-anti-tracking-tool-blocks-new-form-of.html)
 




  I think you'll find that coal still employs far more people if you use the same definition.

It is hard to do an apples-to-apples comparison but the numbers in the article are skewed:

There are, however, two other relevant data series. One, from the Energy Information Administration, shows 91,611 coal-mining workers in 2011, a 6.3 percent increase from the year before. A third data set, the most inclusive, maintained by the Mine Health and Safety Administration, reports 143,437 coal-mining employees in 2011 and estimates there were 137,361 in 2012.  According to the National Mining Association, which published its own report on mining jobs in 2010, the MHSA data is the most inclusive and best reflects the total number of coal jobs of all the government data sets. Why? It surveys the mines themselves, not the companies, meaning it can capture contract workers who are not necessarily employed by the company that owns or operates the mine.

In any case, there isnt a great apples-to-apples comparison for coal and solar jobs. If we use the most generous survey of solar jobs and the rough midpoint of government surveys of coal jobs, the two seem to be roughly comparable. [SOURCE](http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2013/05/06/reports-say-there-are-more-solar-workers-than-coal-miners-in-the-u-s.html)

But for all the poo-pooing some here want to do because the numbers in the OP are skewed miss the bigger point.  Solar jobs are increasing and coal jobs are stagnant or decreasing.  This trend looks like it will keep going for the foreseeable future too.

This then has policy implications.  If the goal of government is to "promote" jobs then supporting the coal industry is a losing proposition.  Their job growth is medicore to stagnant to negative (depending who you read and how you look at it).  Solar clearly is currently about even overall with coal workers in terms of people employed and looks to keep growing.
 




 [Bailouts versus General Welfare](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-aNyalwY5R5o/UnPhmNU6_FI/AAAAAAAALe8/mrjvuyfN-XI/s1600/bailouts-vs-welfareReuters-07Oct2011.jpg)

In short the money committed to Wall Street bailouts alone since the 2008 crisis could fund all social welfare programs in the US for decades or more (including Social Security and Medicare).

This doesn't even touch other subsidies corporations have enjoyed for decades such as subsidies to the oil and coal industries.

If he wants to really stop the cycle of dependence there are other places more worth looking at than the poor.
 




 Agreed.

15 minutes in front of a mirror with a print out of instructions for a [Four in Hand Knot](http://www.tie-a-tie.net/fourinhand.html) (about as simple as it gets for a tie) and you should be good to go.

Down the road knowing how to tie a Windsor and half-Windsor knot is useful too.  These fancy knots in the OP are all well and good but these two (three) will cover you in almost any situation except a black-tie event.
 




 With their merger with TWC still not settled they will be especially careful with PR to show they do, in fact, care. 

They did not give a shit about this for the last decade and really won't give a fuck after the TWC merger if it goes through. 
 




 That's a beautiful camera but for [$50,000](http://www.engadget.com/2012/05/10/leica-hermes-m9-p/)?  Seems a bit much. 




 - Black carbon (BC) is the most strongly light-absorbing component of particulate matter (PM), and is formed by the incomplete combustion of
fossil fuels, biofuels, and biomass.

- BC contributes to the adverse impacts on human health, cosystems, and visibility associated with PM 2.5

- BC influences climate by: 1) directly absorbing light, 2) reducing the reflectivity (albedo) of snow and ice through deposition, and 3)
interacting with clouds. 

- BCs short atmospheric lifetime (days to weeks), combined with its strong warming potential, means that targeted strategies to reduce BC
emissions can be expected to provide climate benefits within the next several decades. 

- BC mitigation strategies, which lead to reductions in PM 2.5, can provide substantial public health and environmental benefits. SOURCE: [EPA -- Report to Congress on Black Carbon: Executive Summary](http://www.epa.gov/blackcarbon/2012report/ReportHighlightsExecSummary.pdf) (PDF)

They also note that there are mitigating factors that may help cool the planet as well but they are clear that this is a pollutant and clear that mitigation strategies to stop it will have "substantial public health and environmental benefits".

So no, it is not harmless.  

I hope you consider the EPA a reliable source.
 




 Uhmm...no:

Black carbon, a component of diesel pollution, is also one of the largest drivers of climate change. Black carbon is a form of particulate matter emitted by diesels (and other sources) that warms the atmosphere by absorbing sunlight and radiating heat into the air (like a blacktop road). It can also darken snow and ice, and directly accelerate melting. The United States has the highest per-capita emissions of black carbon in the world, with more than half coming from diesel engines.  [SOURCE](http://www.catf.us/diesel/)

That said there are not many of these morons doing this so the overall impact is small but still... 




 [Stephen Colbert embraces rolling coal (Video)](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/wp/2014/07/18/stephen-colbert-embraces-rolling-coal-video/) 




  Assuming that info is accurate- fuck those practices.

I cannot say whether it is true or not but a quick Google search shows it being repeated a lot.  Here is one that cites a media source:

Whats particularly egregious, they say, is the number of commercial properties with hundreds of thousands of dollars in outstanding debt owed. Those numbers even surprised WDIV Channel 4 in an April segment on debts to the department. An unpaid water bill of $150 pales in comparison to the outstanding fees of some big players in the city. As the segment reported, Joe Louis Arena owes roughly $80,000, and Ford Field about $55,000. Palmer Park Golf Club and the VA Hospital both owe an estimated $200,000. On top of that, the city of Detroit still has a number of vacant buildings gushing water long after being abandoned, as Steve Neavling of Motor City Muckraker reported last year. [SOURCE](http://metrotimes.com/news/news-hits/protesters-decry-detroit-residential-water-shutoffs-1.1700421)
 




 Lets be clear. These water shut offs are not about unpaid bills. This is about dispossession of the people. These shutoffs are intended to drive people from their homes. Water is the wedge. People are being targeted at the rate of 1500 to 3000 homes a week.


One of the ways we know this is not about unpaid bills is the glaring contradiction between the treatment of homeowners and corporate clients. DPS, under its emergency manger, owes $2.2 million in outstanding bills. Palmer Park Golf Club owes $200,000, Joe Louis Arena/Red Wings Hockey owes $80,000 and Ford Field $55,000. The struggling city of Highland Park, also under emergency management, owes $17.4 million. [SOURCE](http://conversationsthatyouwillneverfinish.wordpress.com/2014/06/13/water-dispossession-and-resistance-by-shea-howell-week-62-of-the-occupation/) 




 It really is.

Even more astounding is how many of these people you see in jobs that are writing oriented (e.g. journalists).  It's scary sometimes.
 




 "This must all be destroyed!"
 














 To be fair a lot of the practice needed to become a good writer is to read a lot (and in particular other good writers).

I am not saying actually writing isn't a part of it.  It certainly is and this seems like laziness on the part of the teachers.  Just saying not all is lost.
 




 This 100%!

Everyone *thinks* they can write because they learned in kindergarten. 

Writing is a real skill and it takes practice and a lot of reading to get good at it.  Most people suck at it (and that is not hyperbole).

I had an IT job which was laying people off year after year and I am certain it was my skill at writing (which was not in any way a part of the requirements for the job) that had me keep my position.  I was good at the core of my job but so were the other people.  The difference was I could also write well and communicate well with our clients and that made a huge difference in how I was perceived by my bosses and clients.

Writing will be a part of most any career and writing well certainly will help you stand out.  You need not aspire to winning a Pulitzer.  Just solid grammar and a bit of care will get you most of the way there.
 




 *"The only time you need to worry about what's in your neighbor's bowl is if you're checking to make sure they have enough."* ~Louis CK 




 I'm going to go a step further and say that they 100% will not work.

You are correct.

It cannot work.  The energy it will produce cannot be enough to do what it says it does (lit up, heated and powering the US) even with generous assumptions.  Not even remotely close.

Here is an engineer familiar with solar installations doing the real-world math for you: http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=obS6TUVSZds#t=583
 




 From [Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_thermal_unit):

The British thermal unit (BTU or Btu) is a traditional unit of energy equal to about 1055 joules. It is the amount of energy needed to cool or heat one pound of water by one degree Fahrenheit. In science, the joule, the SI unit of energy, has largely replaced the BTU. 




 Hamas is [funded by Iran](http://www.csmonitor.com/USA/Foreign-Policy/2014/0709/Iran-connection-Why-are-Gaza-rockets-reaching-so-deep-into-Israel-video) and Iran has no interest in seeing peace come to the area.

There have been honest attempts, from both sides, in the past 50+ years to broker a real peace deal but such peace is invariably scuttled by one side or the other.  It is trivially easy for those who want to see the conflict continue for their own reasons to keep stirring the pot.

Consider how much money Iran has spent arming Palestinians (tens of millions of dollars...maybe hundreds) and how much good that money could do if it were used to build schools and such.

Remember when Israel was formed after WWII other Arab countries had agreed to absorb the Palestinians.  When the time came they shut their borders to them.

I am not saying Israel is innocent here.  FAR from it!  Just realize you can point to a lot of culpable parties here of which Israel is just one.
 




 [Garbage - Stupid Girl](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0EpeX8tSoA hd=1) 




 She is good.

If you like this you also might like:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXiISKt9L4s (she has several videos)


 




 Is a non-native speaker who is challenged with capitalization and spelling a reliable critic of video game dialogs in your view? 

I can give the spelling mistakes a pass (we all do it) but not appropriately capitalizing is, in my opinion, pure laziness.  Such laziness suggests to me the person writing the comment has little room to criticize and proclaim "weak writing".   




 ...the writing is weak as well, creating dissapointing messages.

Says the capitalization/spelling challenged guy/gal.

Hard to take this assessment seriously. 




 Probably.  They have to know that nuking somone is the one thing that will 100% motivate the rest of the world to come down on them like a ton of bricks.  Not even China could protect them. Indeed to maintain control over its backyard it is likely China would be the ones kicking NK ass.

All well and good but the flip side is we cannot liberate NK concentration camps because:

A) NK has nukes

B) They have something like 10,000+ artillery tubes trained on Seoul, South Korea

C) China

If the NK leadership is about to go down then they start throwing nukes.

That really is all nukes do.  They tell everyone else that if you attack and start winning we throw nukes and everyone loses.  Central tenet of MAD (mutually assured destruction).

So, we cannot help the people in NK.  Not a chance of that in any foreseeable future.
 




 NK missiles [can't quite reach the US](http://in.reuters.com/article/2013/03/08/korea-north-military-missile-idINDEE92706220130308) (parts of Alaska maybe but empty parts).  Yet.  They are working on it diligently.

The leadership are child-like in their actions but they have some smart people in their country and their nukes and missiles work.

More likely than attacking the US directly where their missiles can only just barely reach they would more likely threaten South Korea and Japan which are well within range of their missiles.  Tokyo is an easy shot for them.

If you do not think their missiles and nukes are threatening enough and too high-tech then consider they have an ungodly amount of artillery along the border with South Korea that can easily range on Seoul (over 25 million people in that area).  Enough artillery to throw the equivalent of a nuke into the area in less than an hour.

That is WWII (hell, WWI) tech. 




 If you think for one second China would be cool with American adventurism in North Korea you are sadly misinformed.  China WOULD fight the US if the US invaded North Korea.

There is precedent for this.  China fought the US in the Korean War directly (pew pew).  They WILL do so again.

China may not be thrilled with North Korea but they see it as part of their hegemony and absolutely will not tolerate the US there in the slightest.

NK would have to nuke someone for the US to have its *casus belli* to go in there.   




 There are numerous legal opinions that can be found about whether Congress can sue the President and they nearly all agree that Congress cannot do this.  They hold this opinion regardless of ideology because this has already been pretty well established.  Here is a [conservative viewpoint on why it will fail and is a waste of time](http://www.forbes.com/sites/daviddavenport/2014/07/10/boehner-vs-obama-to-sue-or-not-to-sue-that-is-the-question/).

If you do not want to read the article the short version is Congress lacks standing to bring such a lawsuit.  They cannot show they have incurred damages thus have no room to complain to a court about this.

There is nothing new about this stance from the courts.  In the end the courts view this as a political problem to be solved via the political process.  Congress is far from powerless in this regard.  As a practical matter they may be frozen today but they DO possess the power to rectify these problems on their own without court intervention which is (rightly) why the courts want to stay out of it.
 




 Yeah...big time. North Korea is under protection of China as it is China's back yard. Going to war in North Korea would mean war with China. 

Both are nuclear states too.  




 You can find similar stories [here](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/capital-weather-gang/wp/2014/07/10/poor-mans-polar-vortex-to-make-shocking-summer-return-in-eastern-u-s-next-week/) and [here](http://chicago.cbslocal.com/2014/07/10/polar-vortex-part-ii-record-low-cold-possible-next-week/). 




 Meteorological purists may tell you its not a polar vortex at all. However you choose to refer to the looming weather pattern, unseasonably chilly air is headed for parts of the northern and northeastern U.S at the height of summer early next week.

Bearing a haunting resemblance to Januarys brutally cold weather pattern, a deep pool of cool air from the Gulf of Alaska will plunge into the Great Lakes early next week and then ooze towards the East Coast. [SOURCE](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/capital-weather-gang/wp/2014/07/10/poor-mans-polar-vortex-to-make-shocking-summer-return-in-eastern-u-s-next-week/)

Perhaps the mechanism is not the same but the result looking at those maps seems exactly the same.
 




  I read that as I'm making all this shit up as I go along. 

Well...it is Chicago afterall.  If you do not like the weather wait five minutes and it'll change.
 




 Everyone (or men at least) should have a [med alert bracelet](http://cnet4.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/2013/01/04/e6f561d0-f0e2-11e2-8c7c-d4ae52e62bcc/143f0d61fb936161b79ce682aad078d3/medicalert.png) for this. 




 If you work in the loop there is a cigar store in the Chicago Board of Trade building:  http://www.jackschwartz.com/
 









 Emma Watson is beautiful to be sure but I agree she does not really have a Harley Quinn vibe.  Too prim, too thin (or perhaps delicate is a better word) to be Harley.

Harley is good looking too but a lot curvier (in a good way), a bit sturdier and athletic in form and an edginess that Emma simply does not have.

Not dissing on Emma but not every role is suited for any actor. 




 You are forgetting a thing called loans (how most small businesses get started).
 




 And of course if Walmart went away that would be an opportunity for people to open stores selling French bread.

Sounds like an opportunity to me and good for the community.  




 My thought was his pack looks too small for a parachute.

I've never been skydiving so I have no clue.  Just amazes me it can all fit in there...ropes and all.  Apparently it can which is kinda neat.
 




 Isn't it ironic that we need to raise millions for a PAC to get money out of politics?

Before you smush the downvote button I get it.  These are the rules today so need to play by them. Personally I hope something comes of this. 

Just saying it's weird on some level.
 




 Awesome way to make your daughters happy.

Make sure they [never read the original](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Little_Mermaid) though.  Kinda ruins the Disney vibe big time. 




 Here is an easy one:

x = 0.999...


10x = 9.999...

10x - x = 9x


9.999... - 0.999... = 9


So:


9x = 9


Solve for x:

x = 9/9


x = 1
 




 The demand simply isn't there.  If companies could make scads of money offering more vegetarian options they would do so.  As it is there are some vegetarian only restaurants in some bigger cities.

That said more vegetarian options are offered today than in the past.  Most restaurants are sure to have a few vegetarian selections on the menu.   




 Me: "It's broken."

Mom:  "Broken?  How can that be?  It was working yesterday!"
 




 Not all charges are instantly posted to your account.  In this fashion you can charge more than you have before your bank realizes you have overdrawn your account. 




 I think they made a mistake.

I hemmed and hawed whether to buy this game but during the summer sale the discount did not seem super great and it was still in beta so I put it on a wishlist.

Now it is in full release and full price.  Having just seen it not 12 hours ago for substantially less I cannot bring myself to pay full price.

I know, support the devs of good games.  Thing is I already did a lot of damage during the summer sale and no matter how you slice it I find it hard to plonk down full price for something that was cheaper so recently.

Ah well...I made my own bed, I get to sleep in it.
 




   For pure gambling type stuff, no one touches steve forte.

Can Forte deal from the middle of the deck?  A Youtube video shows him having to [move the cards back to the top](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PfwvtMdZpec) and later mentions the "grandaddy" deal is the bottom deal.  Ricky Jay learned how to [center deal](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=Jljt5Ml28FU#t=1126).
 




 But, I guess I'm literally Hitler for working in a public school.

Is your name Hitler?  If not I hope you are not teaching at that school.
 




 This is not being done in a court of law.  The rules for the school to do its thing may be different (or not, I do not know).
 




  That is to say he did not understand what he was signing and could not understand what he was signing.

Hell...he can barely even write his own name.
 









 Generally, to be legally valid, most contracts must contain two elements:

- All parties must agree about an offer made by one party and accepted by the other.
- Something of value must be exchanged for something else of value. This can include goods, cash, services, or a pledge to exchange these items.

In addition, certain contracts are required by state law to be in writing (real estate transactions, for example), while others are not. [SOURCE](http://www.sba.gov/community/blogs/contract-law-%E2%80%93-how-create-legally-binding-contract)

Contract law can get very complex but the above suffices for an ELI5 answer. 




 The voices are not necessarily always negative but the voices do represent a side of the person's personality that is lacking expression.  Those repressed feelings are emotions that cause fear and anxiety and thus come out as negative voices.

[Eleanor Longden gives an interesting TED Talk](http://www.ted.com/talks/eleanor_longden_the_voices_in_my_head) on her battle with schizophrenia that is enlightening and interesting. 









 *The only difference between the Republican and Democratic parties is the velocities with which their knees hit the floor when corporations knock on their door. That's the only difference.* ~Ralph Nader
 




 More people should read the Federalist Papers where a few of the founding fathers set forth a lot of their thinking on how the government should work.

AMONG the numerous advantages promised by a well constructed Union, none deserves to be more accurately developed than its tendency to break and control the violence of faction. The friend of popular governments never finds himself so much alarmed for their character and fate, as when he contemplates their propensity to this dangerous vice. He will not fail, therefore, to set a due value on any plan which, without violating the principles to which he is attached, provides a proper cure for it. The instability, injustice, and confusion introduced into the public councils, have, in truth, been the mortal diseases under which popular governments have everywhere perished; as they continue to be the favorite and fruitful topics from which the adversaries to liberty derive their most specious declamations.

snip

By a faction, I understand a number of citizens, whether amounting to a majority or a minority of the whole, who are united and actuated by some common impulse of passion, or of interest, adversed to the rights of other citizens, or to the permanent and aggregate interests of the community.

snip


From this view of the subject it may be concluded that a pure democracy, by which I mean a society consisting of a small number of citizens, who assemble and administer the government in person, can admit of no cure for the mischiefs of faction. A common passion or interest will, in almost every case, be felt by a majority of the whole; a communication and concert result from the form of government itself; and there is nothing to check the inducements to sacrifice the weaker party or an obnoxious individual. Hence it is that such democracies have ever been spectacles of turbulence and contention; have ever been found incompatible with personal security or the rights of property; and have in general been as short in their lives as they have been violent in their deaths. Theoretic politicians, who have patronized this species of government, have erroneously supposed that by reducing mankind to a perfect equality in their political rights, they would, at the same time, be perfectly equalized and assimilated in their possessions, their opinions, and their passions.


A republic, by which I mean a government in which the scheme of representation takes place, opens a different prospect, and promises the cure for which we are seeking. Let us examine the points in which it varies from pure democracy, and we shall comprehend both the nature of the cure and the efficacy which it must derive from the Union.

SOURCE: [The Federalist #10: James Madison](http://www.constitution.org/fed/federa10.htm)
 




 What does it say about American democracy that the political will of the American voters is being continuously overruled by courts regarding the gay marriage issue. 

It says it is alive and well.

The country was setup with checks-and-balances.  It's right in the Constitution.  Go check.

As such the courts are a check on the executive and legislatures (and vice versa).  This is how it is *supposed* to work.

If you believe the people of a state can institute any policy they like and be done with it then you do not believe in American democracy.  Period.

 




 Well, there isn't a court yet that agrees with you.

An appeals court also found today that banning same sex marriage is a violation of the constitution: [Federal appeals court: Utah can't ban gay marriage](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/court-utah-gay-marriage-ban-unconstitutional)

The article notes that there are now 14 federal rulings in favor of same sex marriage (this does not count state court rulings).
 




 It seems you are suggesting homosexuality is a choice.

Simple question then:

Did you ever sit down and choose to be a heterosexual?  Did you work through the pros and cons of being a heterosexual versus a homosexual? Do you know anyone who did that?

If you talk to most homosexual people they will tell you that when they started figuring out they were homosexual (usually in high school) they would, given a choice, choose to be heterosexual.  Being a gay teen is pretty rough...few would choose it if it were an actual choice.
 









 With Nexus Mod Manager or Steamworks (especially Steamworks) there is almost nothing to it.  A few things can still be a pain to setup (ENB is a bit of a hassle) but beyond a handful of things these managers make adding and managing mods about as painless as can be.

Yeah you have to spend some time researching them but you can find recommended lists online that are fine to go with if you do not want to look into each one yourself.

I estimate I spent a good two hours (maybe a bit more) farting around getting all the mods I wanted but it was well worth it.
 




  However, electricity itself is caused by the movement of electrons, which have a rest mass, and are therefore technically "matter" under a looser definition.

To be a bit more clear on this electrons do not move very much at all in an electric current.  They do move a bit but the speed (called "drift") is actually quite slow on the order of fractions of a millimeter per second.  

It is more akin to having a tube 100% filled with water and adding a drop at the top and a drop falls out the bottom (ignore gravity and surface tension for the moment).  The top drop did not travel all the way through...it barely got anywhere at all.  But if you add a stream of water into the top then you get a stream of water (a current if you like) out the bottom.
 









 It is pretty straight forward.  You have money coming in and money going out.  You need to make the money coming in more than the money going out.

Keep a ledger for a month and write down *everything* you spend money on right down to a pack of gum (keep all your receipts for the day and add them up at night).  Note what goes where in the ledger such as household bills (electric, gas), food, entertainment, etc.

Then figure out what your total income is.

With these pieces in hand start looking for places to cut costs.  Eat out less.  Be more frugal when food shopping, cool your place to only 77 instead of 72 in the summer, look for coupons and bargains and so on.  Also, after necessities like food and electricity, pay off credit cards and any other high interest debts you have as fast as possible.  Your interest payments help keep you underwater so getting rid of those first will help the most.  Interest payments are wasted money.

You need to keep cutting till your income exceeds your expenses.  
 




 Have you added any mods yet?  They may not be enough to change your mind but there are a helluva lot of them and they can substantially improve on the vanilla experience. 

Indeed mods are a huge bonus in Bethesda games. You're missing out if you ignore them and with SteamWorks or Nexus Mod Manager they are pretty easy to use. Ever for a purist the GUI mods are not to be missed.  




 Good thing too.  If the sun *burned* its fuel (rather than via a nuclear reaction) it would only have enough fuel to last about 50,000 years or so.  

In the 1800's, before nuclear reactions were understood, scientists calculated that 50,000 year figure and had an immediate problem since they believed the earth to be about 100 million years old.  That age for the earth was also too young by a long shot but it remains they had a problem since it was not possible for the earth to be older than the sun.

They figured it all out in the early 1900's and now the numbers line up nicely.
 




 Because we all have considerable experience in this.  You see dozens of people every day (even if only on TV) and in the course of your life you have gotten a lot of information about the ages of some of those people.

Your brain simply matches up what it knows about people of various ages and characteristics they share to be able to have an informed guess about someone's age and generally you will be pretty close.
 




 Eh...if it was a urinal cake of George Bush (the junior one) I'd probably find it kinda funny.

My only reservation is (regardless of who the president is) that there should be some respect for the office of the president.

But whatever...in the scheme of things this is small potatoes.

What it mostly shows is the class level of this Faith Conference.  Apparently juvenile potty humor is part of their message. 




 Amazing.  I cannot imagine how much practice it takes to become adept at this (a metric crapton I suspect).

I love watching this stuff.  My favorite card control personality is [Ricky Jay](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQmNuRZU4nQ).  He actually is also an expert on gambling.  You never want to play this guy at cards.
 




 "Job creators are being taxed to death."

Where?  How?  By who?

The marginal business tax rate maxes out at 35% in the US.  Sounds pretty bad except I doubt there is a corporation out there in that bracket (income of over $18.33 million) who actually pays that rate.  Indeed the GAO calculated that [U.S. corporations pay average effective tax rate of 12.6%.](http://money.cnn.com/2013/07/01/news/economy/corporate-tax-rate/)  That puts the US [among the lowest taxed countries in the world for corporations.](http://www.kpmg.com/global/en/services/tax/tax-tools-and-resources/pages/corporate-tax-rates-table.aspx)

Not to mention it has been 35% since 1993 so hardly a new thing or something Obama did.

 




 It is currently [25% off on Steam.](http://store.steampowered.com/app/275670/) 




 Well...here is an example from seven years ago and looks like it works really well: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3m24bjkfg0 feature=player_detailpage#t=162

Look, I am not saying they haven't done something cool here.  Just saying stability control is not new tech.
 




 I was gonna say a [Capybara](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capybara) but yours (which I never heard of before), while looking very similar, seems a better guess.
 




 This is how they maximize profit.

Pretty much everyone who has a console has a PC.

If they came out with PC at the same time as console people with sufficient PCs will certainly buy the PC version.

This way, if you want to play and have a console, you will buy the console version.  You might then ALSO buy the PC version when it comes out.  The reverse is pretty much never true.

 




 Did they invent stability control?  I seem to remember active stability control being demonstrated by Mercedes(?) many years ago.  I assumed it never made it into production because of cost but then cost is not so much an issue with Koenigsegg. 




 Nah...the Coca-Cola Company just forgot to take [Scalia out hunting](http://www.nytimes.com/2004/03/18/politics/18CND-SCAL.html) or [pay Thomas' wife to lobby for them](http://www.motherjones.com/mojo/2011/05/clarence-thomas-health-care-reform-weiner). 




  I want my freedom to listen to shitty hipster music while chasing a criminal, goddamn it!

Shitty indeed.

I am amazed at how bad most of the music is.  Seriously disappointing. 

I am not sure if they just wanted to go cheap on licensing or if there was some plan behind it all.  Whatever the case the music sucks and that was a real let down for me. 




 Basically they are paralyzed with fear.  They feel they are just barely floating with their mouth barely at the surface and anything they might do could be the thing that causes them to drown.  Also, they are no longer thinking as a rational person would.  They are terrified and it consumes them.
 




 Why are people downvoting this?  Did anyone read it?  It is a neat interactive chart mostly. (I thought it was neat anyway) 




 This really is a terribly complicated subject and one people have dedicated careers to get a handle on.  As such remember this is ELI5 so you will get the ELI5 answer that misses a lot of complexity.

In theory currency values are based upon Purchasing Power Parity (PPP).  This is the idea that the same basket of goods will have an equal price in any two countries.

Exchange rates, in theory, move towards PPP.

So let's say there are 100 one-dollar bills in my country and there are 200 one-peso bills in your country.  If a loaf of bread costs $1 in my country it should cost $2 in your country (the peso also uses the dollar sign).  Each loaf of bread costs 1% of the outstanding money in the country.  As such we would have an exchange rate of $1 US for $2 MEX.

As you can see how much currency, among other things, affects the value of your currency.  Go further and you can find one mechanism for the collapse of a currency.

Let's say I have $200 in my economy but I am in debt so I print more money.  Remember that loaf of bread costs 1% of the outstanding currency.  If I now have $300 in my economy because I printed money the bread now costs $3.  Thing is, the people who live there do not have more currency because more was printed.  They still have the (say) $5 they started with.

This is inflation.  Inflation devalues the money you have on hand.  If today the bread costs $2 and tomorrow it costs $3 your money is effectively worth less.  It takes more to get the same basket of goods.

A little inflation is actually a good thing.  Deflation is worse for an economy.  That said only a little is good.  A lot can be a real problem and it can get really, really bad (called hyper-inflation).  Hyper inflation can collapse the currency.  This is the point where the money is essentially worthless and the country reverts to a barter economy.  

As an example post WWI Germany experienced hyperinflation.  *"In 1922, a loaf of bread cost 163 marks. By September 1923, this figure had reached 1,500,000 marks and at the peak of hyperinflation, November 1923, a loaf of bread cost 200,000,000,000 marks."* ([SOURCE](http://www.historylearningsite.co.uk/hyperinflation_weimar_germany.htm))

Zimbabwe has this problem now.  About a year ago (not sure where it stands today) Zimbabwe was printing a $100 trillion note that was [worth about $300 US](http://thefinanser.co.uk/fsclub/2013/07/zimbabwes-currency-crisis-and-the-100-trillion-dollar-note.html).
 




 If drowning actually leaves the person more 'stiff' though, does that mean it is alright to try and help them (since the story goes if you try to help a drowning person they'll just end up drowning you) ?

Absolutely not.  Going in after the person is your **last resort** when there is no other option.  

Remember they are panicked and in serious fear for their own life.  They will move and clamp on to you if you get within reach.  There is a reason it is not unheard of for two people to drown when one tried to save another.

Ideally you use a throwable floatation device to them or use a pool hook to get them out.  Lifeguards often have a throwable device they drag with them that they throw once they get close to the victim.

If you absolutely must swim to and grab the victim you should swim underwater the last 10 feet or so, grab the victim's legs and spin their back towards you.  Then slide up behind them with your arm around them.  This grants you some measure of control.  If the victim spins and seizes you do all you can to go back underwater.  The victim will NOT follow and will let go.
 









 Panic is what causes drowning far more than not being taught to swim.

Swimming (or at least not drowning) is pretty natural to humans.  As adults people who have not learned to swim panic and freeze up (the image of a person thrashing about while drowning is wrong...drowning people do not do that...[learning what a drowning person really looks like is important](http://lifehacker.com/know-what-drowning-really-looks-like-to-help-save-lives-511869654)).

Panic is the cause of that.  Babies do not "know" to panic so do fine in water. 




 Judges operate on the assumption that the facts presented to them by the police seeking the warrant are true.  The judge really has no ability to assess the validity of the representation by the police.  Warrants need to be issued quickly...they cannot spend months investigating whether the police really have just cause for the warrant.

What stops the police from bullshitting the judge is it is generally a bad idea to piss off a judge who you will have to go before numerous times.  Not to mention the judge could hit them with perjury charges. 









  Allowing medallions to be investments that you can't lose for being a terrible cab driver or a lack of use ruins the entire system.

I am not sure how it works elsewhere but in Chicago (where I live) it is very rare for the cab driver to own the medallion or even the cab.  These are owned by holding companies which then lease their cars out on a daily basis to drivers.

The cabbie has paid whatever it is (over $100 for 8 hours I think) to the cab company to use the car.  The cab company could not care less if they never pick up so much as a single fare.  The cab driver needs to make enough to cover the cost of leasing the cab and whatever is left is profit for them. 




 Note there are many different types of combustion engines out there.  I will assume you mean a typical 4-stroke engine you find in most cars these days.

[This animation](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/dc/4StrokeEngine_Ortho_3D_Small.gif) shows it pretty clearly.  Each number is one of the "strokes" and there are four of them hence a 4-stroke engine (there are other kinds of this as well):

1 - Piston goes down, valve opens and a fuel/air mixture is drawn into the engine (today it may be a fuel injection system instead but serves the same purpose).

2 - Piston rises compressing the fuel/air mixture.  At the top of the stroke the spark plug fires which ignites the fuel mixture.

3 - The piston is pushed down by the exploding fuel mixture that was ignited in step #2 above (this is called the power stroke).

4 - The piston rises and a valve opens allowing the piston to push out the burnt fuel mixture into the exhaust system.

Note:  At the bottom the piston is attached to the crank shaft which connects to the transmission and wheels.

 




 I do not know if you have seen this before or (if you haven't) if will be of any help to you but you might find it interesting if nothing else.

[TED - Eleanor Longden: The voices in my head](http://www.ted.com/talks/eleanor_longden_the_voices_in_my_head)
 




 Fascinating!  Thanks! 




 If you have 5 smart TVs running 24/7 doing video streaming you'd hit your 300GB cap with Comcast in barely over a day.  Add in all the rest also running 24/7 and it'd be less than a day. 




 I cannot think what you would do at home that would use 200GB a day that is a bigger bandwidth hog than video streaming.

Only things that come to mind might be torrents and/or a home web server.  What you would want to torrent that uses 200GB (or a significant portion of that) per day (or 6 TB/month) *on a regular basis* is beyond me. I cannot imagine having enough storage at home to handle that (72TB/year). 

If you are running a web server from home to hit that bandwidth you are violating the Comcast TOS (nothing new there...they have never allowed that).

Bottom line, as you can see from the Sandvine stats I posted, you are waaaay beyond even heavy user usage (whatever it is you are doing). 




 I'm curious what the hell the OP is doing to consume that much bandwidth?

At the *most* Netflix will consume about [2.3GB/hour](http://www.gci.com/kb/netflix-movie-and-data-usage) to stream high definition movies.  That works out to 13 hours of high definition movies per day at your current rate.

This is WAY over the average consumption of internet users and well above the average of the top 15%:

The Sandvine report also examined consumption patterns among different cohorts of users. The top 15% of bandwidth users dominate network usage in North America, accounting for 54% of total monthly network traffic in March. That group consumes on average 212 gigabytes per month, the equivalent of 100 hours of video and more than seven times the 29 GB of a typical subscriber. (Sandvine termed this top 15th percentile of users cord-cutters, speculating that they are relying on the Internet for video entertainment  but it doesnt actually know whether those consumers have canceled pay TV.)


Overall, mean average usage per subscriber for wireline broadband in North America was 51.4 GB in the first half of 2014, up from 44.5 GB last fall. That increase is in line with the 30%-40% annual growth rate in bandwidth consumption ISPs are forecasting for 2014, according to Sandvine. [SOURCE](http://variety.com/2014/digital/news/netflix-youtube-bandwidth-usage-1201179643/)

Netflix will be your biggest use by far.  Games and music do not come close (people think games are a big use but they really aren't apart from the initial download of a given game...online gaming is pretty low bandwidth...IIRC Battlefield 3 uses about 80MB/hour).  Normal browsing and email hardly register.

I am no fan of Comcast by a long stretch but maybe this time they have a legitimate gripe.  I cannot imagine what your house is doing to consume that much bandwidth.

Whatever the case [I hope you don't live in my neighborhood.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vgang1izeh0)
 




 You should be deeply skeptical.  If they really had a cure for baldness they would be falling over themselves to have independent, double-blind studies performed.

We see none of that here.

Currently there is no "cure" for male pattern baldness.  You can get hair transplants and the future may offer some hope in the form of [hair cloning or natural regeneration](http://www.askmen.com/sports/health_200/223_mens_health.html) but it will be awhile yet before those options become available (or maybe never...have to wait and see).
 




  ...maybe they'll just breed like ~~rabbits~~ ~~humans~~ and overpower everyone with numbers.

Zerg 




 Like you I have played since the very first Civ game and have been a huge fan all along the way.  I liked Civ 5 when it came out and now, with all its DLC and whatnot, I think it is one of the best games ever.  Certainly my favorite.

That said this looks like Civ 5 with renamed units.  Basically the same game except you call Unit-A Unit B and make it look different.

Don't get me wrong...I love the Civ 5 gameplay but if the difference is largely cosmetic with a different story I don't see the point.  I'll just keep playing Civ 5 happily.

 




 Seriously?

Is there a living, breathing, heterosexual male here who cares if she wants to iron the ceiling?

I say go for it!  Let me hold the ladder for you.
 




 Try [Paddy Long's](http://www.paddylongs.com/).  They do beer and bacon and the bacon is more than your typical breakfast diner bacon.
 









 The Swiss approach to self-defense has never been one of overwhelming military force (indeed that might scare neighbors and provoke them).

Instead the Swiss approach is one of being more trouble than it is worth to attack them.

Germany could certainly take Switzerland if it so chose but the cost would be steep and the gains not worth it.  The Swiss know their mountains very well so an invasion would be difficult and costly in terms of men and machines. 
 




 For copyright reasons I cannot quote all of the explanation found at [this link](http://www.phrases.org.uk/meanings/the-birds-and-the-bees.html) which answers your question.

Short version: It is unclear where it originated but there are a few good guesses with the best being it is from *"the work of the American naturalist John Burroughs. In 1875, he published a set of essays titled 'Birds and Bees, Sharp Eyes and other Papers'. Burrough's aimed to present nature to children in a way that they could easily understand and appreciate."*
 




 Yeah...I live in Chicago in a condo and the decks are all wood.  Most buildings (and perhaps city code...not sure but definitely building rules) will not allow you to have a charcoal grill as it is a serious fire hazard (and it is not just your place at stake but the building filled with everyone else too).

Gas grilling is the only choice.

I just wish, given that there are a LOT of gas grills out there, these celeb chefs would show us some love too and give grilling recipes and tips for gas grills. (I know there are some but charcoal seems to be most of it) 




 Why would they?

Not like Nader voters would ever pull the lever for Bush. 




  His (somewhat simplistic) view is that because there is mass, there is matter.

Matter and energy are equivalent ( see E=MC^2 ).  Matter can be converted to energy and vice versa and energy has gravity as well as matter.

If you put a box around the earth and magically converted all the mass of earth to energy the moon would remain in orbit same as if the earth was still matter.

We usually do not experience gravity with energy because we are rarely around that much energy in one place (your mass converted to energy would be on the order of around [10,000 megatons](http://boards.straightdope.com/sdmb/showthread.php?t=122487))

So, if all the matter sucked into a black hole is converted to energy you will still feel the gravitational pull same as if it stayed as matter. 




 In the US we have a First Past the Post voting system. This makes it a near certainty that you end up with a two party system due to strategic voting (eg you vote against someone more than you vote for someone). 

Third parties just split the ticket as happened with Gore and Nader seeing Bush take the White House.  
























 ...but should not be mandatory.

Yes it should me mandatory.  Why wouldn't it be mandatory?  It is relevant information for a potential partner.

While some may say it is irrelevant, and if the person otherwise likes them, why tell?

I submit it is relevant because it is not for one person to decide what should or should not be important to the other person.  

Yeah, I wish people were more chill about it all but in the end it has to be for them to decide.


 




 That is outstanding voter turnout!

Sure 100% (or near enough) participation would be ideal but compared to most democracies (real ones, not the 100% turnout in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea) that turnout seems really good.

It blows the doors off of US voter turnout.

 




 Flash is pretty OP.  He needs to be nerfed.

(Note:  It has been a long time since I read the comics so maybe he got one...at one point Flash seemed pretty much an "I win" button.)
 




 Isn't that true of pretty much every superhero (good or bad) versus Batman?

Batman's gig is being prepared for any (or most) contingencies.  He will outsmart the other guy.  That is not to say Batman is actually smarter (although in many cases he is) but rather he is good at luring his opponents into the situation he wants them in.

Where other superheroes overpower people Batman tricks or outsmarts them.

It's kinda like saying you have a howitzer and I have a pistol.  You would have the bigger gun but that is not necessarily a win button.
 




 This vote had 84% (or better) participation.

I am curious how much participation there is in other, more general (or common/usual) votes from Scotland.

I am really asking.  If there is one thing we see in the US regarding having a shitty government it is horridly low turnout rates in elections.  There is a reason conservatives work relentlessly to disenfranchise certain voting blocks every chance they get (in the US).

If the US had 84% turnout rates for every election our congressional makeup would be dramatically different.  Would the same be true in the UK?  (Again, really asking.) 




 Relevant: http://i.imgur.com/ky2L05E.jpg
 




 To be fair prior to TDK there was no good reason to suppose that Heath Ledger would make a good Joker.  He had some great roles (notably in Brokeback Mountain) but as the Joker?  I was not seeing it at all.  While I was not posting about it I did not have high hopes either.

Ledger blew me away with his performance.  It was truly outstanding IMO and I was more than pleasantly surprised.
 




 See: [The Agamemnon Contingency](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJ2IpJyapG8)

In short Batman has plans in place to defeat every member of the Justice League. 




  But if a girl falsely claims rape or goes after for bullshit child support like this, there's not much defense for many men.

I may be wrong but I think it is not the woman going for child support but rather the state.  The woman has sought public assistance.  The state, in an effort to lower the costs of such assistance has taken to tracking down the fathers of these children and forcing them to pay.  This case is clearly an injustice but I think the state welfare agency is blind to circumstances.  It wants its money back, it identifies the father and that is the end of it to them.
 




  I've never met a straw feminist.

[Catherine MacKinnon](http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Catharine_MacKinnon) and [Andrea Dworkin](http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/authors/a/andrea_dworkin.html) leap to mind.  While you may have not met them they are feminists with a national (or even international) stage, have published numerous well selling books and regularly give speeches to large groups.

EDIT to add:  I provide examples of nationally known famous feminists (not fringe by a long shot) of the type the poster says he/she has never met and I get downvoted?  If he/she wants to say "they hardly represent feminism" then who does by their reckoning?  Certainly there is a continuum and no one person can be said to represent the larger group.  The reality is MacKinnon and Dworkin are/were at the forefront of these issues and certainly sold a helluva lot of books to someone as well as drawing large groups to hear them speak.  They are not "fringe".
 




 I've never, ever met a feminist who wasn't totally pleasant, rational, or who lies about being threatened with rape or anything like that.

I do not think they are lying.

I do wonder though how real these threats are.  Anyone who has played online or engaged in a comments section of countless websites (YouTube in particular) has probably had vile things said to them and been threatened.

It is despicable to be sure but it is also common and usual and done regardless if you are a female or a male.

If these women are seriously worried about these threats then they need to be on the phone to the local police and perhaps the FBI to report these incidents and perhaps get police protection.  They should see to it that the police zealously pursue the people in question.  It really should not be too hard for the police to track these people down.  [Issuing threats is a crime](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Criminal_threatening).
 









 The main benefit usually comes in the form of more content.  Mass Effect 3 had a main character added as part of a pre-order bonus.  While I find the practice reprehensible I had become so invested in MA that I kinda felt obliged.  Sucks but there it is (I feel dirty).

 




 I was of the opinion that pre-ordering was a dumb idea but I admit I caved on occasion (with Mass Effect 3 and Rome II in particular).  There were some others as well and I got burned a few times but Rome II was the last straw for me.  I have not pre-ordered since.

That said I might fall of the wagon and pre-order again sometime in the future (never say never) and I figure if any game will get me to do it Witcher 3 will be the one.  I trust they are in it to please their base and care about their rep.

For the most part I am off pre-ordering though and it was Rome II that cinched it for me.  I can say with reasonable certainty I will never pre-order another Total War game ever again.
 




 Beats headphones are not exactly *bad* headphones but they are very bass heavy and very overpriced for what you are getting.  In the same price range you can find much better options or get something as good for less).

- http://www.innerfidelity.com/content/monster-beats-dr-dre-solo
- http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=uj0S2rgmu-M#t=294
- http://www.consumerreports.org/cro/news/2013/05/are-beats-by-dr-dre-headphones-worth-the-money/index.htm 




  Do you mean 60% margins? Because 60% market share would be enormous in the "premium" headphone industry.

Nope...it is almost 60% market share:

The numbers are astonishing. According to a recent piece in the Wall Street Journal, Beats revenues increased fivefold between 2010 and 2012 alone, hitting the $1 billion mark. As of this summer, some 59 percent of high-end headphones sold in the U.S. bear the Beats logo. All this despite the fact that the audiophile press has often viewed Beats as underwhelmingor worseand overpriced. [SOURCE](http://www.slate.com/articles/technology/technology/2013/09/beats_by_dre_market_share_how_the_headphones_company_conquered_the_market.html)

What I did not realize till reading that article is that Beats is also affiliated with Monster...the company that sells outrageously overpriced cables hyped to provide all sorts of benefits when in reality they are no better than cables at small fractions of their cost.  Now Beats makes sense as more of the same.  Over priced hype that does not deliver compared to other options in the same price range.

Every time I see someone on the train wearing Beats I want to point and laugh.

EDIT to add: This recent video by Marques Brownlee, [The Truth About Beats by Dre!,](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZsxQxS0AdBY list=UUBJycsmduvYEL83R_U4JriQ) claims Beats has 64% of the market.  
 




 As too often happens the choice is not to vote "for" someone but to vote against someone.  You may not like Clinton but would you really rather pull the lever for (say) a Romney/Palin ticket?

 









 [Red Lobster standing by](http://wac.450f.edgecastcdn.net/80450F/comicsalliance.com/files/2011/01/dogfort.jpg)
 




 I wish I was happy.  Truly happy.

Now you might say, "*POOF* You are in a box but at least you are happy!"

Well, sounds ok to me.  I mean if I am really and truly happy in that box then why not? 




 Not just because it isn't a priority, but also because there's no way to get the majority of the house and the senate and the states to agree on something this controversial 

Maybe or maybe not.  More than a few conservatives have been primaried out of their seats by Tea Party faithful with the backing of serious outside money.  Enough to scare the ones who are left.

Being an incumbent is a huge advantage but one that is seriously minimized with no limit to outside money.  Congresscritters would rather get back to the good old days of safe seats.

As for the states I have seen nothing to suggest the public is anything but pissed at Citizen's United.
 




 You are prosecuted by the state.  It only matters what his wife wants inasmuch as they may not be able to build a case without her.  But if there are witnesses (or in this case video footage) of a crime being committed then they do not need the victim to cooperate and the victim saying they do not want to press charges does not make the crime go away.

 




 Pretty much this and what /u/forresja said.

You could be in an all woman office and show nude breasts and someone might get fussed about it.  Whether that is right or wrong is another discussion.

The NSFW tag is there to let people know something on the other end *might* be considered offensive by some and could be problematic if viewed at work and someone else sees the screen.

I am making no value judgement on it.  Personally I think the link is barely NSFW and far from porn or being titillating.  Others might have a different opinion though hence the warning.
 




 We do not and cannot know, with certainty, that free will exists.  We operate on the assumption it does.  If it didn't we'd have the question the OP poses.  Why throw someone in jail if they have no choice in what they are doing?  It'd be akin to punishing a glass for breaking when it is dropped.  It would be silly. 




  Adding a deterrent is like pulling the lever that switches the tracks. The trains actions are still deterministic, but that doesn't preclude responding to inputs. 

That still is not free will.

If you show me the color green and I walk and show me the color red and I stop I am responding to inputs but I do not have free will.

If the train (in your example) can make a decision of its own accord as to whether the switch ahead gets flipped or not then the train could be said to have free will.  If that is the case though then the OP's question does not make sense. 




 I'm not completely sold on my own opinion though, so that's why I would like to see other thoughts about this.

In most of the US going topless is [already legal for women](http://gotopless.org/topless-laws).  

Here are a bunch of pictures of [women in New York celebrating their right to go topless](http://www.ryot.org/photos-its-legal-to-go-topless-in-nyc-and-these-women-are-celebrating-it/570053) (NSFW).

In Europe there is even less of a stigma for going topless and they are pretty chilled out about it most places.
 




 I am adopted and the way it used to work was when the woman decided on putting her child up for adoption she'd contact an agency and all the medical bills would be taken care of.  The agency of course would get to put the child up for adoption.

Maybe things have changed but seems like a good way to go about it.
 




 Re-directed walking blew my mind.  I used to wonder how people could use the holodeck without bumping into walls.  Now I know.  Clever stuff!
 




 I wasn't wired like that but my parents made it abundantly clear what behavior was a expected of me. Of course I pushed the limits of that and I think it took two trips outside the restaurant (separate occasions ) for a serious chewing out to learn they were very serious. 

To this day I hate it when people order coffee after dinner. I'll still sit and wait politely though.  




 For those not aware (although is there anyone who hasn't seen it over the age of eight?): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQg7QKDButo

 









 It is not that nobody expects him to work after he is out of office.

It is the revolving door that congresscritters get from business.  Do their bidding and whatever happens they'll be sure to get a soft landing.

Exactly what expertise does Cantor being to an investment banking firm?  Before he was in congress he did legal work on real estate and not much of that.  He has been a politician for over 20 years.

So why is he worth $3.5 million with that resume? 




 Was she or had she ever been a public servant before then?  Did she sell her vote? 









  The writer loses a lot of credibility by calling the accommodation plan a scheme.

I agree it is not a well done headline.

That said "scheme" does not have to mean underhanded.  It can simply mean "a plan".
 









 Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines

At the end we learn they cannot kill Skynet because Skynet is everywhere, in all computers around the planet.

Skynet then proceeds to nuke most of the planet rendering most computers inoperable (blown-up, EMP or even no more power).  In short, Skynet lobotomized itself or worse (it probably killed about 99% of its brain power doing that).
 




 You are correct that there is no way in hell politicians will do this on their own.

The only possible solution is a constitutional convention.   




 Is there a Field of View selection now?

I played the first Metro for about 30 minutes and gave up because it made me physically ill due to the narrow FoV.  If that ain't fixed I'm never going back.
 




 edit: oh please, comparing immigration laws to racial segregation is preposterous. 

Anti-immigration xenophobia is as inherently racist as it gets.  Hiding behind the law does not change that.
 




 Your "source" is anecdotal and as a result tells us nothing.

- While people of color make up about 30 percent of the United States population, they account for 60 percent of those imprisoned. The prison population grew by 700 percent from 1970 to 2005, a rate that is outpacing crime and population rates. The incarceration rates disproportionately impact men of color: 1 in every 15 African American men and 1 in every 36 Hispanic men are incarcerated in comparison to 1 in every 106 white men. 

- Students of color face harsher punishments in school than their white peers, leading to a higher number of youth of color incarcerated. Black and Hispanic students represent more than 70 percent of those involved in school-related arrests or referrals to law enforcement. Currently, African Americans make up two-fifths and Hispanics one-fifth of confined youth today. [SOURCE](http://www.americanprogress.org/issues/race/news/2012/03/13/11351/the-top-10-most-startling-facts-about-people-of-color-and-criminal-justice-in-the-united-states/) 




 It should comfort you to know that every dog has its day.
 




 #11 is probably the closest analogy to the vaccine example.  Chlorine is deadly (it was used in WWI in gas attacks...nasty, nasty stuff).  Sodium is highly reactive.  Add a little water and [sodium ignites](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=0QaaUw7B_js#t=245).  

Who the hell in their right mind would EVER let their kid near such horrible stuff!?
 




 There is nothing racist or nationalist about supporting the enforcement of your country's laws.

Except when those laws are applied in a distinctly skewed fashion.

Do you really think the laws are applied evenly?
 




 I love seeing couples like this.

There is someone for everyone.  Finding them is the trick. 




   I agree they are terrible for the environment...but they are still more convenient.

The question no one seems to be asking is are paper bags worse for the environment?

I know the knee jerk reaction is paper is biodegradable and "natural" so therefore are better than a petroleum product (i.e. plastic bags).  Thing is you need to consider the whole process and not just the end result in a landfill.

Paper is terrible on several counts.  You need to chop down trees to make it (bad) and paper production is far, far more energy intensive than making a plastic bag.  Further, in many cases, paper production uses large quantities of chemicals that are bad for the environment.

When you put it all together the plastic bag is by far the "greener" product save for its bad habit of not degrading in a landfill.

Some will say use a cloth bag and bring it to the store.  That is fine for many people but for others (including me) that is problematic.  I shop on my way home from work.  I commute via mass transit and stop at the store on my way home.  I am not likely to be carrying shopping bags with me everywhere I go so I can use them at the end of the day nor do I want to walk all the way home, get my bags then backtrack to go shopping and backtrack again to home.

EDIT to add:  Not sure why the downvotes.  I can only assume it is a kneejerk reaction that plastic=bad.  Well, you are right, plastic is an environmental problem.  No doubt.  But then so too is paper.  

- Causes pollution: Paper production emits air pollution, specifically 70 percent more pollution than the production of plastic bags [source: Thompson]. According to certain studies, manufacturing paper emits 80 percent more greenhouse gases [source: Lilienfield]. And, consider that making paper uses trees that, instead, could be absorbing carbon dioxide. The paper bag making process also results in 50 times more water pollutants than making plastic bags [source: Thompson].
- Consumes energy: Even though petroleum goes into making plastic, it turns out that making a paper bag consumes four times as much energy as making a plastic bag, meaning making paper consumes a good deal of fuel [source: reusablebags.com].
- Consumes water: The production of paper bags uses three times the amount of water it takes to make plastic bags [source: Lilienfield].
- Inefficient recycling: The process of recycling paper can be inefficient -- often consuming more fuel than it would take to make a new bag [source: Milstein]. In addition, it takes about 91 percent more energy to recycle a pound of paper than a pound of plastic [source: reusablebags.com].
- Produces waste: According to some measures, paper bags generate 80 percent more solid waste [source: Lilienfield].
- Biodegrading difficulties: Surprisingly, the EPA has stated that in landfills, paper doesn't degrade all that much faster than plastics [source: Lilienfield].**** [SOURCE](http://science.howstuffworks.com/environmental/green-science/paper-plastic1.htm) 




 When I got married my (soon to be) wife got me a computer from [Falcon Northwest](http://www.falcon-nw.com/).  These guys preceded Alienware by a good margin and did boutique PC builds right.  Their stuff is great.

Can you build a comparable PC cheaper?  You bet!  You always can.  That said the build quality and *especially* the support from Falcon were superb.  

I have since taken to building my own PCs and that is really the only way to go for high end rigs BUT if you can't be arsed to do that and/or you want the support and warranty (and have money to burn) then I am not sure you can do much better than Falcon Northwest.  They've been quietly doing their thing for over 20 years.  




 Sounds like my Ex

"El_Gringo" suggests you are a male.  For this to work you'd need to be gay.

That's fine, just trying to be clear about this. 




 I wonder if there is an issue that the monster needs to kill the Medic (or whatever you call the healer on the team) first.

As the video shows it seems there is no other worthwhile play for the monster than to go after the medic when the whole group confronts you.

 




 I live in Chicago which has some fantastic steak houses.  At all of these everything is ala carte.  Put another way if you only order a steak you get a plate with a steak on it and nothing else.  All sides are extra.

- Smith and Wollensky (a chain in several US cities) [Filet Mignon: $42 10 oz](http://www.smithandwollensky.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/SWCH_DinnerMenu_Spring2014.pdf) (PDF)

- Gibson's: [Filet Mignon: $39.75 10oz](http://www.gibsonssteakhouse.com/dinner-menu-pages-332.php)

- Gene   Georgetti's: [Filet Mignon: $37.75 small](http://geneandgeorgetti.com/dinner-menu/)

And so it goes...$21 gets you that shitty grayish/brown hockey puck of a steak.  The steaks listed above are stupidly expensive but they are (usually) a meal you literally will never forget.  A really good cut of steak cooked to perfection is pretty special.

Again, none of the above include anything but the steak on a plate.  You will be lucky to leave for less than $100/person with drinks +tip from these places.

Shitty thing is I went to a really good butcher in Chicago (Paulina Market) and they sell an aged NY Strip for [over $39/pound](https://www.paulinameatmarket.com/?p=shop cid=beef).  While they provide great cuts of meat it is fucking ridiculous...I could go to any of the above and pay barely more to have it cooked for me and have others do the dishes.  Their filet mignon are near $38/pound.   




 I'm new to this sub-Reddit.  Why is this being downvoted?  (seriously)

I think this is hilarious!  A good movie?  Nope.  Not by a light year but is this only for pop movies?  If so is there a sub-Reddit better suited for this?

 









 I'm with you and the problem is restaurants like to put it in damn near every thing they possibly can.  Ok, a bit of hyperbole but seriously, it is pervasive cuz it is healthy or some shit.

As noted there is a portion of the population genetically disposed to not liking it (and I am one of them) so it is not even a matter of learning to like it.

It is fine that some dishes use it as no one expects every dish to be to their liking and some people genuinely like the stuff.  But it need not be on nearly as many dishes as it is.  Is it really necessary in every bowl of salsa in every Mexican restaurant ever?  It is really necessary on practically every dish at Wow Bao? (I always ask them to hold the cilantro yet almost invariable they drop it on the dish anyway.)

I do not know if everyone is like this but I feel like the princess in the Princess and the Pea story when it comes to cilantro.  I swear I can taste one speck of that shit if it is anywhere in the dish. 




 Liberals should start protests like this outside gun shops or their churches.  

Turnabout being fair play and all that.  




 They have to take every call seriously.  Just how that stuff works.
 









 Alaska is the northernmost, westernmost and easternmost state in the US.   




 Decades?

Do you understand that this area of the world has been fought over since around 1,000 BCE (and perhaps earlier than that)?  The Kingdom of Israel was formed around 930 BCE.

This shit has been going on for 3,000+ years.  Both sides, every side, can (and do) point at the other and claim a near endless litany of injustices done to them.

EDIT to add: Also, imagine you took over a portion of your neighbor's back yard.  Your neighbor declares it his mission in life to kill you and your family and take everything from you.  He's so pissed that even giving him his bit of land back will not assuage him.  He wants nothing less than to annihilate you and your family.

Now, you took a piece of that guy's land so you can understand he is pissed.  Would you then be ok that he was looking for any opportunity to kill you and your family because you deserve it or something?
 




 I do not think Hamas will be content if Israel stops illegal settlements:
.

.

                 THE COVENANT OF THE HAMAS - MAIN POINTS

                 =======================================



The Covenant of the Islamic Resistance Movement was issued on  August 
18, 1988. The Islamic Resistance Movement, also known as  the  HAMAS,  is an extremist fundamentalist Islamic organization operating in  the territories under Israeli control. Its Covenant  is  a  comprehensive manifesto comprised of 36 separate articles, all of which promote the basic HAMAS goal of destroying the  State  of  Israel  through  Jihad (Islamic  Holy  War).  The  following  are  excerpts  of  the   HAMAS Covenant:



Goals of the HAMAS:

------------------

'The Islamic  Resistance  Movement  is  a  distinguished  Palestinian

movement, whose allegiance is to Allah, and  whose  way  of  life  is

Islam. It strives to raise the banner of Allah  over  every  inch  of

Palestine.' (Article 6)



On the Destruction of Israel:

-----------------------------

'Israel will exist and  will  continue  to  exist  until  Islam  will

obliterate it, just as it obliterated others before it.' (Preamble)



The Exclusive Moslem Nature of the Area:

----------------------------------------

'The  land  of  Palestine  is  an  Islamic  Waqf  [Holy   Possession]

consecrated for future Moslem generations until Judgment Day. No  one

can renounce it or any part, or  abandon  it  or  any  part  of  it.'

(Article 11)



'Palestine is  an  Islamic  land...  Since  this  is  the  case,  the

Liberation of Palestine  is  an  individual  duty  for  every  Moslem

wherever he may be.' (Article 13) [SOURCE](http://fas.org/irp/world/para/docs/880818a.htm)
 




 Mirror (for now at least): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UljNDz7jiOg

 




 Seems very similar to Railroad Tycoon (2 or 3 or Sid Meier's Railroads).  This seems better on the town detail but thinner on the economic simulation which was pretty great in Railroad Tycoon.

Seeing this got me to fire up Sid Meier's Railroads again.  Good stuff.
 




 Yeah but there is taking artistic license and then just completely fabricating so much that there isn't really anything remotely accurate in the movie compared to history.
 




 SOE getting DDoS'd would probably elicit not much more than a yawn and a tepid response from the FBI.

Claiming a bomb is on a plane will get these guys the full attention of the FBI as well as an alphabet soup of other agencies in the mix and they WILL pursue this zealously.

 




 I was in high school in the early 80's so programmable calculators were a rare thing and not forbidden.  As it happened I had one so I programmed my calculator to solve for "X" wherever it was in a calculation for my upcoming Physics exam.

Worked like a charm although the funny thing was that going through the process of programming the calculator I taught myself the material.  When taking the test it turned out I was faster just doing the problems normally without running my program (which was a little kludgy).

First time I ever finished an exam before anyone else.  Waaay before anyone else cuz I knew it so well.  Got a 98% IIRC.

tl;dr - Tried to cheat on a test and accidentally taught myself the material by setting up the cheat. 




  So much of the police force seems to be filled with men looking for power and acting like thugs.

It should come as no surprise that certain professions attract a certain "type".  These types are not a hard and fast rule as of course there is variance.  But if you graphed it you'd probably come out with a bell curve with a certain type as prevalent at the top of the bell curve.

There are of course many good and conscientious police officers.  Unfortunately the profession attracts all too many of the type depicted in the OP.

The problem for the good cops is police culture means they have to stay silent about the bad ones.  As a result their profession and how we (the public) feel about them as a group is colored by sociopaths like the guy in the OP.

I do not know whether to feel sympathy for the good cops having to live with that or hostility that they abide by the "code" that lets people like this prey on the public because they won't say anything.
 




 It depends how the company presents itself.

If at the outset your company says it is interested in reducing carbon emissions then fine.  Anyone who invests in your company knows that and cannot bring a successful lawsuit.

Such things, while they happen, are rare.  People invest in companies who will increase shareholder value.  That is kinda the point.

Hewlett Packard recently settled a lawsuit with shareholders for $57 million because they changed course:

Hewlett-Packard Co. (HPQ) agreed to pay $57 million to settle a shareholder lawsuit accusing former Chief Executive Officer Leo Apotheker of making misleading statements about operations before he was ousted. [SOURCE](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-04-01/hp-reaches-57-million-settlement-in-shareholder-lawsuit.html)

I am **NOT** saying I like the status quo but people here need to realize that "nice" companies are a pipe dream.  If you ever become CEO of a company your **LEGAL** responsibility is to the SHAREHOLDERS.  Period.  Full stop.  It is not to the environment.  It is not to poor people.  It does not matter how much you wish it were different.
 




 Interesting I am getting downvoted.

A fiduciary duty just isn't a notion some people have.  It is a legal responsibility and has legal ramifications for the people who have a fiduciary duty.

A fiduciary duty is an obligation to act in the best interest of another party. For instance, a corporation's board member has a fiduciary duty to the shareholders, a trustee has a fiduciary duty to the trust's beneficiaries, and an attorney has a fiduciary duty to a client.

.

A fiduciary obligation exists whenever the relationship with the client involves a special trust, confidence, and reliance on the fiduciary to exercise his discretion or expertise in acting for the client. The fiduciary must knowingly accept that trust and confidence to exercise his expertise and discretion to act on the client's behalf.

.

When one person does agree to act for another in a fiduciary relationship, the law forbids the fiduciary from acting in any manner adverse or contrary to the interests of the client, or from acting for his own benefit in relation to the subject matter. The client is entitled to the best efforts of the fiduciary on his behalf and the fiduciary must exercise all of the skill, care and diligence at his disposal when acting on behalf of the client. A person acting in a fiduciary capacity is held to a high standard of honesty and full disclosure in regard to the client and must not obtain a personal benefit at the expense of the client. [SOURCE](http://definitions.uslegal.com/b/breach-of-fiduciary-duty/)

Companies that violate that duty can and frequently are hit with shareholder lawsuits.  Such lawsuits are not uncommon.   




 I was on my phone posting so it was hard to tell but the NASA app seemed it might have the radio along with other stuff.  Some review complaints suggested videos thumbs in the sidebar kept changing which was distracting. Not to mention using more bandwidth. 

I figured the radio-only app was a better fit here. Lighter weight download, less other extraneous stuff. 
To each their own though. Whatever suits you.  




 Yes they would. At least publicly held companies would. The executives have a *fiduciary responsibility* to maximize shareholders' returns. 

They keep that in mind so they can sleep at night with a clear conscience.  




 I agree mandatory minimums have become a bad thing but in theory they were supposed to address real and serious disparities in sentencing. 

Things like white guy gets community service and black guy gets five years.  




 Yeah but they NEVER call themselves that. It'll be things like "American Crossroads" or the "Heritage Foundation" and so on.

Look up "astroturf lobby groups".  




 I have not seen it mentioned yet. This one is truly an excellent movie (dark comedy).

- Harold   Maude

1972, campy, hilarious at times and a Cat Stevens soundtrack. 

You'll thank me later. 

Edit to add: If you like truly old movies (read black and white old) check out Blithe Spirit.
 




 I do not know what phone you have but on my Android phone I went to Google's Playstore and it was listed as Third Rock Radio by CodeUSA Software. It is free.  




 I do not know what phone you have but on my Android phone I went to Google's Playstore and it was listed as Third Rock Radio by CodeUSA. It is free.  




 They need to add this to Euro Truck Simulator.
 




 I can do everything I need to do for my job from home.  All I need is a computer, internet access and a phone.  I can sit in on meetings via Skype or conference call.

Many jobs are like mine in that the work can be done places other than the office.

I know of few employers who will be cool with you taking three months/year at home because you can do everything you need to do while on vacation.
 




  It's obvious that you are making conclusions based on zero information. 

Pot meet kettle.

Having policy meetings with many of the most powerful world leaders is your definition of vacation? 
snip
I guess Bush must have been great buddies with Putin and Angela Merkel for them to accompany him on his vacation multiple times.

Merkel went to his ranch once.  Bush entertained [17 dignitaries](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prairie_Chapel_Ranch#Visits_from_foreign_dignitaries) at his ranch while in office.  Two of them visited twice.  If we assume each one stayed for two days that is 38 days out of 879.  

EDIT to add: I do not consider working trips to Camp David as "vacation".


 




  The second is child molestation. The victims often take years to come to terms.

Certainly there are cases where it can take a child well into adulthood to deal with childhood trauma.

That said a lot of "repressed memories" are induced and implanted by therapists:

In the early 1990s, the focus of Loftus work shifted to investigating whether it was possible to implant false memories for entire events that had never taken place. The impetus for this new line of research was a case for which Loftus had been asked to provide expert testimony in 1990.[9][10][12][14] The unique point in this case was that George Franklin stood accused of murder, but the only evidence against him was provided by his daughter, Eileen Franklin-Lipsker, who claimed that she had initially repressed the memory of him raping and murdering her childhood friend, Susan Nason, 20 years earlier, and had only recently recovered it while undergoing therapy.[9][10][14] Loftus gave evidence about the malleability of memory, but had to concede that she did not know of any research about the particular kind of memory Franklin-Lipsker was claiming to have; Franklin was convicted (though in 1996 he was released upon appeal).[9][10][14]

.

At that time, many others were also making accusations, both in and out of court, based on recovered memories of trauma.[14] Loftus began work to find out whether some of these recovered memories might in fact be false memories, created by the suggestive techniques used by some therapists at the time and encouraged in some self-help books.[9][10][14] Ethically, she could not try to convince research subjects that they had been sexually abused by a relative as a child, so Loftus had to come up with a paradigm that involved childhood trauma without causing harm to subjects. The lost in the mall technique was the result. The method involves attempting to implant a false memory of being lost in a shopping mall as a child and testing whether discussing a false event could produce a "memory" despite never happening. In her initial study, Loftus found that 25% of subjects came to develop a "memory" for the event which had never actually taken place.[10][14] Extensions and variations of the lost in the mall technique found that an average of one third of experimental subjects could become convinced that they experienced things in childhood that had never really occurredeven highly traumatic, and impossible events.[14] Loftus work was used to oppose recovered memory evidence provided in court[10] and resulted in stricter requirements for the use of recovered memories being used in trials as well as a greater requirement for corroborating evidence. In addition, some states no longer allowed prosecution based on recovered memory testimony and insurance companies were more reluctant to insure therapists against malpractice suits relating to recovered memories.[7][9][10] [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elizabeth_Loftus#The_memory_wars)

(FWIW this researcher is held in high regard among her peers: "Loftus has been recognized throughout the world for her work, receiving numerous awards and honorary degrees. In 2002, Loftus was ranked 58th in the Review of General Psychologys list of the 100 most influential psychological researchers of the 20th century, and was the highest ranked woman on the list.") 




  I expect to get downvoted and called a racist or Republitard for bringing factual information into this.

Except there is barely any factual information to be found in your post.  "Bush spent a lot of money to have the Crawford ranch set up for many operations" is about as close to a fact that you get but it is vague, unsubstantiated and says nothing about how much work Bush did on his ranch.

Certainly the president (whoever it may be) at the very least gets the Presidential Daily Briefing (PDB) and depending on circumstances they may well have to work the whole day while on vacation.  

It remains that Bush spent 30% of his time in office away from the White House and Washington (not including business trips...just "vacation" time).
 




 It is Journalism 101 to ask for name pronunciation if there is the slightest doubt.  Asking pronunciation is showing respect rather than guessing and mangling the name which would be a lack of respect (else something [like this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=nxxSIX3fmmo#t=20) could happen).
 




 I think I played 2033 for 30 minutes a year or two ago and gave up and uninstalled it because the FOV was way too narrow and made me nauseated to play.

If they do not fix that I am not going back.
 




 It was recently struck down in Illinois:

In People v. Melongo, Docket No. 114852 (Ill. Mar. 20, 2014), the Supreme Court of Illinois held that Illinois' two-party eavesdropping statute, 720 Ill. Comp. Stat. 5/14-1, -2 (scroll down), was unconstitutional on its face. The statute made it a crime to use an "eavesdropping device" to overhear or record a phone call or conversation without the consent of all parties to the conversation, regardless of whether the parties had an expectation of privacy. The Court held that the recording provisions of the statute, as written, adversely affected the First Amendment rights of people making recordings in a substantial number of circumstances where there were no legitimate privacy interests.  The Court further held that a provision of the statute prohibiting the disclosure of recordings likewise ran afoul of the First Amendment.   

 This does not mean, however, that recording of communications is now universally permitted in Illinois:

- Recordings may still be subject to the "one-party" consent rule of the Federal wiretap act.
- Communications reaching other states may be subject to the wiretapping laws of the remote state.
- Secret recordings may still support an Illinois common-law claim for intrusion into the privacy of another. See, e.g., Narducci v. Village of Bellwood, 444 F. Supp. 2d 924, 938 (N.D. Ill. 2006).
- Another Illinois statute, not necessarily affected by the decision in the Melongo case, makes it illegal to "videotape, photograph, or film" people without their consent in "a restroom, tanning bed, or tanning salon, locker room, changing room or hotel bedroom." 720 Ill. Comp. Stat. 5/26-4(a) (scroll down).

Consult The Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press's Can We Tape?: Illinois for more information on Illinois wiretapping lawyer. 
[SOURCE](http://www.dmlp.org/legal-guide/illinois-recording-law)
 




 Those great generals in the Civil War, crushing Germany in World War II, thats all that really stands out to me, said Mercer. The problem with the new curriculum, in his view, is that theres nothing in there about our military and all those victories.

Someone should remind Mercer that most of the great generals of the Civil War worked for the South and a lot of victories went to the South.  Maybe he figures the Civil War was great because no matter what Americans won.
 




 Yes.

The difference in the law would be your intent which can impact your sentence.  If your intent was to shoot the police officer and you missed but the bullet ricocheted and hit it will make no difference in your court case.   




 Really?

Near as I can tell she had been trying to put a lid on it because the story line is not trending in her favor.

I could be wrong though.  I really am only [watching from the sidelines.](http://i.imgur.com/rj59FUv.gif)   




 Same here. I posted some innocuous thing like, "Kinda wondering what's going on here too," and it was deleted. 

Till the TB post I was 100% clueless about the whole thing. Because of the mass deletions I investigated further.

Note to Ms. Quinn, the Streisand Effect is a real thing. 
 




 So, if you were a person who could be tapped to run a $50 million company would you accept an $80K salary?

Of course you wouldn't because you could easily get jobs paying 2x, 3x, 4x that or more.

Charities need to pay their executives somewhat commensurate with the going rate.  Same as if they want to hire a nurse they cannot expect to pay that person minimum wage because they are a charity.

This is normal and the good charities are up-front about where the money goes.  Generally if less than 33% goes to running the place (salaries, rent, electricity, water, etc) then things aren't so bad.

ALL organizations have costs.  None of any size can do the work for free (hell...cost of postage can be substantial).

That said it is wise to look into organizations before you donate to them to see how the money is spent.  Some are downright robbing people.  If you look at enough you will start to see the differences.

SOURCE: I have two family members who have worked for charities in executive roles (real and well recognized charities) and they also worked to improve the ethical standards of charities.  I have also worked for a charity myself (as an employee...several as a volunteer).
 




 Did you *really* imagine it?

From Bill Bryson's book, [A Short History of Nearly Everything](http://www.amazon.com/A-Short-History-Nearly-Everything/dp/076790818X) (for geographic reference he is talking about an impact that happened in [Manson, Iowa](http://thewatchers.adorraeli.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/IA_66936.gif) some 74 million years ago and left the biggest crater in the US (you couldn't tell if you went there...nothing to see crater-wise anymore without using special equipment to see underground):

An asteroid or comet traveling at cosmic velocities would enter the earth's atmosphere at such a speed that the air beneath it couldn't get out of the way and would be compressed, as in a bicycle pump. As anyone who has used such a pump knows, compressed air grows swiftly hot, and temperature below it would rise to some 60,000 Kelvins or ten times the surface temperature of the Sun. In this instant of its arrival in our atmosphere, everything in the meteor's path - people, houses, factories, cars - would crinkle and vanish like cellophane in a flame.

One second after entering the atmosphere, the meteorite would slam into the earth's surface, where the people of Manson (an impact site of such a collision millions of years ago) had a moment before been going about their business. The meteorite itself would vaporize instantly, but the blast would blow out a thousand cubic kilometers of rock, earth, and superheated gases. Every living thing within 150 miles that hadn't been killed by the heat of entry would now be killed by the blast. Radiating outward at almost the speed of light would be the initial shock wave, sweeping everything before it.

For those outside the zone of immediate devastation, the first inkling of catastrophe would be a flash of blinding light - the brightest ever seen by human eyes - followed an instant to a minute or two later by an apocalyptic sight of unimaginable grandeur: a rolling wall of darkness reaching high into the heavens, filling an entire field of view and traveling at thousands of miles an hour. Its approach would be eerily silent since it would be moving far beyond the speed of sound. Anyone In a tall building in Omaha or Des Moines, say, who chanced to look into the right direction would see a bewildering veil of turmoil followed by instantaneous oblivion.

Within minutes, over an area stretching from Denver to Detroit and encompassing what had been Chicago, St. Louis, Kansas City, the Twin Cities - the whole of the Midwest, in short - nearly every standing thing would be flattened or on fire, and nearly every living thing would be dead. People up to a thousand miles away would be knocked off their feet and sliced or clobbered by a blizzard of flying projectiles. Beyond a thousand miles the devastation from the blast would gradually diminish.

But that's just the initial shockwave. No one can do more than guess what the associated damage would be, other than that it would be brisk and global. The impact would almost certainly set off a chain of devastating earthquakes. Volcanoes across the world would begin to rumble and spew. Tsunamis would rise up and head devastatingly for distant shores. Within an hour, a cloud of blackness would cover the planet, and burning rock and other debris would be pelting down everywhere, setting much of the planet ablaze. It has been estimated that 1.5 billion people would be dead by the end of first day. The massive disturbances to the ionosphere would knock out communications systems everywhere, so survivors would have no idea what was happening elsewhere or where to turn. It would hardly matter. As one commentator has put it, fleeing would mean "selecting a slow death over a quicker one. The death toll would be very little affected by any plausible relocation effort, since earths ability to support life would be universally diminished."

The amount of soot and floating ash from the impact and following fires would blot out the sun, certainly for months, possibly for years, disrupting growing cycles. In 2001, researchers at the California Institute of Technology analyzed helium isotopes from sediments left from the later KT impact and concluded that it affected earths climate for about 10,000 years. This was actually used as evidence to support the notion that the extinction of dinosaurs was swift and emphatic - and so it was in geological terms. We can only guess how well, or whether, humanity would cope with such an event.

And in all likelihood, this would come without warning, out of a clear sky.

EDIT:  Added geographic info for context.

EDIT2: It is worth noting that there were no extinctions associated with this impact.  As devastating as it was it was still not sufficient to completely end any species' time on the planet.  Now consider what the one that put a sharp and definitive end to the dinosaurs must have been like!
 




 I don't care about art, why would I? I'm not purchasing art again that's something for the rich....and science, wow you came up with cures I cannot afford, and technology which has eliminated millions of jobs to enrich the tiny sneering technical elite

"Art" is a broad term.

Do you read books?  Watch TV?  Go to movies?  Listen to music?  Have you ever appreciated a beautiful photo or painting?

All art and I bet you are a consumer of some if not all of that.

Prosperity means people have time to make that stuff instead of hunting food.  Prosperity means you have time to enjoy some of that stuff.

Your life expectancy is longer than it was in the past due to science.  Hell, even something as simple as salt is iodized and water has fluoride in it both of which improve your overall health (not to mention civil water and sewer systems).

As for technology eliminating jobs it certainly does but that is not always bad.  I remember as a kid that elevators used to have elevator operators.  People who manually controlled the elevators with a lever.

Would you suggest we were better off with manual elevators rather than the automatic ones we have today because some people lost their job running an elevator? 




 Compare yourself to someone from, say, the year 1500.

You are light years better off then they were. 




 It is not about whether others should earn as much.  It is about people striking who earn $150k+ because they feel they don't earn enough.

In the US in the mid 90's professional baseball players went on strike.  They had a hard time mustering sympathy when their average salary was $1.2 million/year. 

I wonder how much competition those tugboats are subject to?
 




 "Anecdotal bad apples"?  It is more than anecdote.

Wonder why there is no accountability for police after they do something egregious?  Ever see how hard it is to get rid of a bad teacher (including criminal teachers) in New York or Chicago?  Ever try to start your own business as a garbage collector?  Ever try to plug in a computer at a trade show without paying $120/hour for a union guy to do it?

The list is long.  

I read The Jungle.  I know of the labor disputes of the early 20th century and the horrid excesses of corporations (literally killing women and children in some cases).  I appreciate the need for workers to collectively bargain.

On the flip side the unions have become monsters in their own right and it is no surprise that people push back against them and they are losing power.

In the end we are the losers and the corporations are winning.
 




 Kinda wondering that myself.
 




 As for us that like unions: no.

Unions are partly their own worst enemies.

In principle they are great.

In practice they have become big business in their own right that are more interested in their own existence than their workers and (sometimes) are dominated by organized crime.

Workers coordinating and uniting to protect their rights is *great*!  But they can create an intolerable mess too.

There has to be a good middle-ground (I am thinking the Germans have a good model for labor relations with management).
 




 Prosperity is good in general (within reason).

Prosperity allows for all sorts of luxuries which can include everything from an iPod to going to an opera (read arts).

The world used to be dominated by growing food.  It is what most people did.  When technology allowed for better returns people became more prosperous and allowed them to try and do new things like science and art.

You may not care that *I* am prosperous but you should be glad for overall prosperity.
 




 AUS $150K is about US $140K.

Cost of living in the US is about 1/3 less than in Australia (on average of course). [SOURCE](http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_countries_result.jsp?country1=Australia country2=United+States)

So an equivalent wage in the US would be around $100K.  That is a fantastic wage in anyone's book.  Most people live on well less than half that.  Hell, $50k is not a bad wage either.  Not rich but not bad.

In 2012 the US average wage was about [$44,000](http://www.ssa.gov/oact/cola/AWI.html).  In Australia it is about AUS [$75,500](http://www.abs.gov.au/ausstats/abs@.nsf/mf/6302.0).

However you slice it, by any measure, these tugboat crews are doing quite well.  Hard pressed to feel bad about them. 




 I see the sarcasm and it is not lost on me.

More seriously I will add the issue with giving tax breaks and other incentives to create jobs really do not work.

Imagine you can sell 1,000 iPods/month and it takes you five employees to manufacture those 1,000 iPods.  Will a tax break get you to hire more people?

No.  Why would you?  You will hire as many people as you need to get the job done. Period.  If the government lets you keep more money you will not hire more people just cuz...you will pocket that money.

Further, wages stagnate because there are 100 people waiting to take one of those five jobs.  You want more money? Fuck you...Joe Schmo over there tells me he will work for half your salary.
 
























 That's why they were crying. 




  Oh, so that one time 50 years ago? 

[The Ludlow Massacre](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ludlow_Massacre) jumps to mind.
 









 This is not remotely true. The National Guard has a history of shooting civilians. See Kent State for starters.  




 You're probably right that these bats were fine and posed no danger.

Thing is you can never be 100% certain with wild bats and you only get to be wrong once.  Rabies is some majorly bad juju.  

That said bats are cool and good to have around and kinda neat.  Just best to not mess with them in general.

Glad you relocated them!
 




 Why is this even news?

Countries spy on each other!  News at 11!

Seriously, every country does its level best to spy on other countries be they friend or foe.  No one wants to be caught flat-footed.

There is nothing new about this.

Yes we can get all butt-hurt and righteous when the Israelis or Russians are caught spying on us but none of our governments really get all that bent out of shape about it because they all know that is part of the game.
 




 It doesn't matter if they are far from the same.

In the US Congress they are both right of center, caucus together and vote together as a bloc.

They can argue amongst themselves all they want about the finer points of conservatism and if they ever completely run off liberals our two party system will break along libertarian and non-libertarian lines.

But that is all academic right now and there is no practical reason for a liberal voter to distinguish between the two.
 




 I am not sure which sacking of which city it was by the Mongols but reportedly in one city 60,000 women committed suicide rather than to be raped/captured/killed by the Mongols.

Our modern mind simply cannot encompass such a thing.  Imagine filling a modern football stadium with women and then they all commit suicide.  Boggles the mind.

The really amazing part?  That wasn't even the worst of what the Mongols did.  It was par for the course.
 




 IIRC the Mongols were pretty serious about *not* spilling royal blood.  This did not mean they would not kill royalty.  They most certainly did.  They just found creative ways to do it.
 




 Oh man...there are lots of these.

[This is the worst picture](http://www.newjerseytelephones.com/images/Wiring%20Mess.jpg) of one I have ever seen.

The worst I have ever personally seen was something like [this picture](http://www.vibrant.com/images/cables/artistic-mess-cormacphelan.jpg).

Weird thing though it was easier to change out a cable in the messy room (within reason...not like the first pic) than it is in the nicely bundled and zip-tied neat room.  I have traced cables through both kinds (messy and bundled) and the bundles were a pain in the ass.  You have to unbundle them then find your cable in the bundle then trace it then replace it and make it all neat again.

 




 It honestly looked like the same trick to me over and over again.

I understand I have no clue what I'm looking at but it remains that I doubt this can be really appreciated by anyone outside of the community of skaters.
 




 Galactic President Superstar McAwesomeville 

(From ["How I Met Your Mother"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y5RQNBFKK30))

 




 I am interested to know if this changes your opinion.

For the sake of argument let's assume Brown did commit the robbery and let's also assume the officer who shot him had no clue about that robbery.

Are you still unconcerned that the officer shot him and killed him?
 




 I am not sure this link will have the info when you go there but this is listed as "Breaking News" on a banner on CNN's website (as of me posting this):

Chief says initial contact between Michael Brown and officer who shot him was unrelated to alleged convenience store robbery. [SOURCE](http://www.cnn.com/2014/08/15/us/missouri-teen-shooting/index.html)

So, even IF Brown did commit a robbery prior to being shot the cop that shot him apparently did not know that.

EDIT:  Here is a screen cap of the linked page in case it the banner gets removed: http://i.imgur.com/vkX8Hv1.jpg
 




 You can sue for being detained for no cause.

Consider a country where any cop could throw anyone in jail for 24 hours then merely shrug and let you go for any reason or no reason whatsoever.

Police most certainly need probable cause to detain you.
 




 Peering is not last mile stuff which would be the "local" portion of Comcast to your house.  

There is nothing inherently stopping breaking up of monopolies at the local level.  They merely tell Comcast that it HAS TO allow others to use their wiring and Comcast would charge a fee for that.

It's been done before and works fine.
 




 When you "delete" a file it goes to your computer's trashcan.  In this case the file is not really deleted.  It's location in the file system merely changes it from the original directory to the trashcan directory.

When you clear your trashcan the file system marks the space the file is located at on the hard drive (or SSD or whatever) as available.  At this point the file is NOT deleted and can be recovered with certain utilities.  Over time other data may be written in that spot and the old file will be unrecoverable.

For this reason there are some utilities that, when you delete a file, write random data into the file's location on the drive eight times.  This thoroughly scrubs the file and makes it truly deleted (apparently, if you have the right tech, it is possible to see what data was in a location even after some other file has overwritten it by the magnetic traces it leaves on the surrounding area...or something...point is writing random data eight times in the same spot ruins even that method and truly makes the data unrecoverable).
 




  This is an asshole cop shooting a guy. Im not setting up a new system here. Im not reforming the courts and laws. I just dont care if these kind of scumbags get shot.
 
 
 
 Don't start going down that rabbit hole and reading too deep into my comments.

Seems pretty clear you are fine with police dispensing summary judgment on anyone who robs a store and ok with them imposing the death penalty for that crime as a just and proper punishment.

Judge, jury and executioner all rolled into one.

When suggesting such things you need to consider how you'd feel if this was done to someone you care for.  Imagine your brother or sister (or best friend) robs a store and a cop rolls up and guns them down.  You'd be ok with that?
 




 The courts broke up Ma Bell and there was no publicly owned anything about it.

Note that where Ma Bell has a monopoly is still in the local markets but not long distance.  It is actually cheaper to call long distance now than it is to call locally.  How do I know?  I work in Chicago and have setup fax systems for companies that do a lot of faxing (mortgage companies are a prime example) and it is cheaper to route the fax via ISP to offices in another state and call back to Chicago than it is to have the suburban location phone downtown Chicago directly).
 




 While that may be prudent it should be noted that it is explicitly illegal for police to search your cell phone without a warrant (Supreme Court unanimous decision in [Riley v. California](http://www.scotusblog.com/case-files/cases/riley-v-california/)).

Further, it is explicitly illegal in ALL circumstances to delete video (tampering with evidence).  [Felony charges](https://www.aclu.org/blog/free-speech-criminal-law-reform/hidden-third-cameraman-proves-crucial-nebraska-photographer) have been brought for such things.

Of course you would have to *prove* all this in a court so uploading via Dropbox is still a good idea but it IS at least illegal for the police to mess with your phone without a warrant.
 




 It is a little gray but not as much as you seem to suggest. 

https://www.aclu.org/free-speech/know-your-rights-photographers
 




 Sue for false arrest. The damages from not getting the job could be substantial. 

Uphill battle I admit but if the officer is never held accountable perhaps the taxpayers will hold their bosses accountable at the ballot box after a few million dollar lawsuits.  




  Can any redditer's here find on line how much money, political donations he gets from Comcast/Time Warner?

By far his biggest contributor is the insurance industry ($116,200).

After that is lawyers and lobbyists but there is no telling what the lobbyists were lobbying for.  If it was ALL for cable it would be $55,118.

Of course this is not current.  No telling what has been promised in the past few weeks.

You can see the data here: http://www.followthemoney.org/database/StateGlance/candidate.phtml?c=153538
 




 In a weird way you kinda did.

Want to crush someone?  Ignore them.  It is far, far more devastating than yelling.  Cool indifference can be brutal and says loud and clear you don't give a fuck. 




 Can we interest you in some solar cells and a satellite dish? Half price for the first year! We accept acorns as payment.  




  It's all talk or at least it has been for 20+ years. I created a research report on nuclear energy for my high school enviro. biology class in 1992, which included mention of these types of reactors. There are still none in mainstream energy production today.

You realize they built an operational one back in the 1960's?

The Molten-Salt Reactor Experiment (MSRE) was an experimental molten-salt nuclear reactor at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) researching this technology through the 1960s; constructed by 1964, it went critical in 1965 and was operated until 1969. [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Molten-Salt_Reactor_Experiment)

There are also some working today or in the works:

- [Thorium fuel is now being tested in the Halden research reactor in Norway. It was loaded in the last week of April, defining the start of a physical test program that will simulate how it operates in a power reactor.](http://www.world-nuclear-news.org/ENF_Thorium_test_begins_2106131.html)

-  [Chinese going for broke on thorium nuclear power, and good luck to them](http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/finance/ambroseevans-pritchard/100026863/china-going-for-broke-on-thorium-nuclear-power-and-good-luck-to-them/)
 




 He wrote 66 of 83 citations so most people who were cited were cited by this one guy. 

That said the article suggests he was citing homeless people so I doubt they will contest these (or pay the fine).  




 I tried for years (literally) to get my GF and (eventually) wife to try sushi.

She'd have none of it.

Then, one day, a close friend of hers from college who she had not seen in a long time was coming through our city but was only in for a night.  She REALLY wanted to see this person!

Her friend told her that she was going to a particular sushi place.  If my GF wanted to see her then that is where she'd have to go.

My GF grumbled but I assured her there would be other items she could eat on offer other than sushi so she figured it was fine to go.

Once there she kinda felt that, in order to be cool, she had to choke down some sushi.  She did and it was a revelation to her.  She freaking LOVED it (kidjanot).

Somehow, after that, she was someone who ALWAYS liked it.  Nevermind the years I had to sneak eating sushi because she would not even abide the sight of it.

All's well that ends well I suppose...

**grumble grumble**
 




 I thought everyone in Chicago knew this song.

I then asked some co-workers (we are all in Chicago) about it and was surprised that none had heard of it.  I was surprised.

Spread the good word! :)
 




 I've lived in Chicago most of my life and have lived on the north side now for 15 years.  This never gets old.  One of the best drives into a major city anywhere in the world (I think THE best).

Have to add the obligatory [Lake Shore Drive song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOrdtmG2IMM)

 




   Name one time a restraining order has saved someone's life.

That's impossible to answer.  A lot of restraining orders have been issued where no one has been killed.  There is no way to know if any of those prevented something worse.

That said I understand if someone is intent on murder a restraining order is small potatoes and not going to be the thing that deters them.
 




 *Brian is writing a slogan on a wall, oblivious to the Roman patrol approaching from behind. The slogan is "ROMANES EUNT DOMUS".*

Centurion: What's this thing? "ROMANES EUNT DOMUS"? "People called Romanes they go the house?" 

Brian: It... it says "Romans go home". 

Centurion: No it doesn't. What's Latin for "Roman"? 

*Brian hesitates*

Centurion: Come on, come on! 

Brian: (uncertain) "ROMANUS". 

Centurion: Goes like? 

Brian: "-ANUS". 

Centurion: Vocative plural of "-ANUS" is? 

Brian: "-ANI". 

Centurion: (takes paintbrush from Brian and paints over) "RO-MA-NI". "EUNT"? What is "EUNT"? 

Brian: "Go". 

Centurion: Conjugate the verb "to go"! 

Brian: "IRE"; "EO", "IS", "IT", "IMUS", "ITIS", "EUNT". 

Centurion: So "EUNT" is ...? 

Brian: Third person plural present indicative, "they go". 

Centurion: But "Romans, go home!" is an order, so you must use the ...? 

*He lifts Brian by his short hairs*

Brian: The ... imperative. 

Centurion: Which is? 

Brian: Um, oh, oh, "I", "I"! 

Centurion: How many Romans? (pulls harder) 

Brian: Plural, plural! "ITE". 

*Centurion strikes over "EUNT" and paints "ITE" on the wall*

Centurion: "I-TE". "DOMUS"? Nominative? "Go home", this is motion towards, isn't it, boy? 

Brian: (very anxious) Dative? 

*Centurion draws his sword and holds it to Brian's throat*

Brian: Ahh! No, ablative, ablative, sir. No, the, accusative, accusative, ah, DOMUM, sir. 

Centurion: Except that "DOMUS" takes the ...? 

Brian: ... the locative, sir! 

Centurion: Which is? 

Brian: "DOMUM". 

Centurion: (satisfied) "DOMUM"... 

*He strikes out "DOMUS" and writes "DOMUM"*

Centurian: ..."-MUM". Understand? 

Brian: Yes sir. 

Centurion: Now write it down a hundred times. 

Brian: Yes sir, thank you sir, hail Caesar, sir. 

Centurion: (saluting) Hail Caesar. If it's not done by sunrise, I'll cut your balls off. 

 




 If this is [the song](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGJmt5HNTTg) you are referring to then they definitely took samples from the song I linked to.

Great songs both.

And I know what CJ was after hence my winky face.  I just saw the link to Nina Simone's song in your title and photo so had some fun with it is all.
 




 Nope...[Nina Simone](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJA69C6SlRk) ;)  
























 He has no control over what the FCC chooses directly.

Sure he does.

The president is Tom Wheeler's boss.  You piss off your boss at your own peril.

That said it wouldn't surprise me if Wheeler will get a revolving door and if he helps out the cable companies on this he'll be given a nice corner office with a six or seven figure salary and he may not give a shit what the president wants.

Still, the president is not powerless when it comes to this.
 









 My GF told me flowers are "meh" on anniversarys and Valentine's Day and so on when they are expected. 

She said for real brownie points get her flowers randomly when not expected. It tells her you're thinking of her and she's special in a way getting them for an anniversary never does.  




 That's a special kind of crazy right there. 




 *"The only difference between the Republican and Democratic parties is the velocities with which their knees hit the floor when corporations knock on their door. That's the only difference."* ~Ralph Nader  




 If this were the case you'd think some attorney who has gotten a little light on clients would be happy to take up the cause.

Does the EU allow class action lawsuits?  A single case is not worth it for the attorney but multiply it by everyone on Steam and that's some serious money.
 




 Unpredictability creeps in only at very, very small scales where the Uncertainty Principle holds sway.  At that point the best that can be done is a probabilistic analysis of how likely a given particle will be in a given place with a given momentum.
 









 Fair enough.  [Politifact weighed in a bit](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2012/jul/05/john-boehner/john-boehner-says-us-health-care-system-best-world/) on what you are talking about and agrees, to an extent, that the study has its shortcomings.  They also note that the US healthcare system's flaws are real and glaring and the best they could do (futzing with the criteria) was get the US ranked 15.  Certainly better than 37th but still a long way off first place.

And besides, we see in other studies that the US ranks dead last.

The United States health care system is the most expensive in the world, but this report and prior editions consistently show the U.S. underperforms relative to other countries on most dimensions of performance. Among the 11 nations studied in this reportAustralia, Canada, France, Germany, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and the United Statesthe U.S. ranks last, as it did in the 2010, 2007, 2006, and 2004 editions of Mirror, Mirror. [SOURCE](http://www.commonwealthfund.org/publications/fund-reports/2014/jun/mirror-mirror)  




 However, whenever government gets involved, you also have the added cost of the bureaucracy (i.e. the people the government hires/appoints to be in charge of the universal healthcare plan or whatever, and the overhead for whatever their department needs to function). This would likely be part of the cost in tax-dollars, so might end up balancing out on the whole, or even making it more expensive if the department is not particularly efficient.

Our current for-profit system is decidedly anything BUT efficient.  Overhead costs in healthcare represent a HUGE portion of total healthcare costs:

More than 20 years ago, two Harvard professors published an article in the prestigious New England Journal of Medicine showing that health-care administration cost somewhere between 19 percent and 24 percent of total spending on health care and that this administrative burden helped explain why health care costs so much in the U.S. compared, for instance, with Canada or the United Kingdom. An update of that analysis more than a decade later, after the diffusion of managed care and the widespread adoption of computerization, found that administration constituted some 30 percent of U.S. health-care costs and that the share of the health-care labor force comprising administrative (as opposed to care delivery) workers had grown 50 percent to constitute more than one of every four health-sector employees.  SOURCE: [The Reason Health Care Is So Expensive: Insurance Companies](http://www.businessweek.com/articles/2013-04-10/the-reason-health-care-is-so-expensive-insurance-companies)

Also, while there is a cost to bureaucracy remember that in a for profit healthcare system you have companies adding to the cost of healthcare to make a profit.  Getting rid of the profit (as you would in universal healthcare) goes a long way towards mitigating any bureaucratic costs.
 




 One tactic in any argument is to characterize the other side in an unfavorable light.

So pro-choice people like to say their opponents are anti-choice because that sounds worse than pro-life.

The pro-life side likes to say their opponents are pro-abortion for the same reason.

Both sides want to frame the other side as unreasonable or evil or stupid or whatever...just portray them as unfavorably as possible.
 




 Almost certainly less.

In every country with a universal health care system [medical costs are substantially less than in the US.](http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/health-costs-how-the-us-compares-with-other-countries/)  

Their [health care outcomes are better](http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMp0910064) than in the US too. 









 Of particular interest in that article is [this graph](http://wp.newrepublic.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/NBC-Older-Voters-624x351.jpg) of voter ages.  Old people vote, young people stay home.  The results of that apathy are apparent today.
 














 ^ This.

There are numerous sites on the internet debunking republican craziness.

Jon Stewart nearly nightly lampoons republican stupidity.  So does Stephen Colbert.  Others like John Oliver do similar things.

I think it is telling that the biggest liberal icons are funny (e.g. Jon Stewart) while the biggest conservative icons sell fear (e.g. Rush Limbaugh).

At the end of the day the Republicans sell Fear, Uncertainty and Doubt (aka FUD).  Ebola?  Immigrants coming here to take your jobs?  Welfare queens sponging off the system and playing Nintendo while you work?  Death panels?  Big government?  Negroes in hoodies?  Gay marriage?

Take your pick and then some.

Republicans never tell you a solution.  They tell you who is at fault.  Never mind if their boogie men are phantoms.  Scared people want to believe all their problems are because of someone else holding them down....which is kinda funny if you think about it since republicans are the, "pull yourself up by your bootstraps and stop bitching about your lot in life" party.  YOU are not at fault for your lot in life!  It is the Negroes or Hispanics or Asians or Gays or Tree Huggers causing all your problems!

Republicans do not want a small government.  They just want their kind of big government.  The one that is in your living room and bedroom instead of the boardroom.  They do not want competition.  They want protection.  They do not want equality.  They want ownership.

When someone says, "I don't get how someone can vote for republicans," it is not that they misunderstand republicans or their platform.  It is in misunderstanding how people can vote so clearly against their best interests.  Republicans have some people convinced the end of the world will come from allowing homosexual couples to marry. It is beyond them to see the ways they are really being screwed.

Liberals are NOT unaware of this.  It is simply how to overcome fear which is difficult.  It takes education and work to understand the nuances of a complex society and for all too many that is just too much work.  

FAR easier to blame someone else.
 




 I live in Chicago and I very, very rarely see women harassed in this fashion (barring crazy homeless people; they harass nearly everyone).  And I do mean rarely.  Anecdotal sure and I am not always in the presence of young, attractive women but in a lifetime here you'd think I'd have seen it if it occurs as much as is portrayed in these videos (note: at some parades like Gay Pride all bets are off).

Maybe we roll in different hoods (me: Loop, Mag Mile, Streeterville, Gold Coast, Lakeview, Uptown, Edgewater and Andersonville mostly).
 




 Paying taxes is not the same as paying into Social Security.

For instance you pay for fire insurance but hope to never have to use it and expect nothing back from it down the road.

However, if you pay into your 401K retirement plan you very much expect to collect on it in the future.

"To be fair", old people receive more out of Social Security than they put in, for most people.

This certainly used to be true and early on in a VERY big way.  It is only semi-true now and depends on a variety of factors and assumptions in how you calculate it.  [Regardless though that gap has been narrowing dramatically so if your parents start collecting after 2020](http://i.imgur.com/hR0NG3c.png) they likely will not receive back what they paid in (on average).

Note that does NOT include Medicare which, when added, absolutely makes the elderly receive more than they paid in over their lifetimes (people are living longer and medical costs rise faster than inflation and incomes).  Even then the gap is narrowing and has been over the years. 




 To be fair they paid into the Social Security system their whole lives.

I am betting when you get to be 60 and have paid into Social Security for 40+ years you will also be expecting some payback on that (unless you are very wealthy and those checks would amount to a pittance for you).
 




 We can thank the French. Arkansas was named for the French plural of a Native American tribe, while Kansas is the English spelling of a similar one. Since the letter "s" at the end of French words is usually silent, we pronounce Bill Clinton's home state "Arkansaw."

Technically, Kansas and Arkansas stem from the same basic root, kk:ze: the native root for the Kansa tribe, often thought to mean "people of the south wind."

Kansas is named for the Kansas River, which is named for the Kansa tribe. It's the English spelling though, so naturally, we pronounce the final "s."

The French, however, left their mark on Arkansas' pronunciation. French explorers learned of a sect of the Quapaw, a Native American tribe in the territory now known as Arkansas, from the Algonquians, who called the people akansa (most likely related to the Kansa tribe).

Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/why-we-pronounce-kansas-and-arkansas-differently-2014-2#ixzz3HeciSQyx
 




 Forget chlorine.  Dihydrogen Monoxide kills!  [Over 350,000/year and it particularly affects children!](http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs347/en/)

Kit's mom should get on that and get it banned ASAP!!
 




 the panic and rage come from *ignorance*...

FTFY

She doesn't have ebola.  

She has no symptoms (and you need to be symptomatic to be contagious) and on top of that she has tested negative for ebola.

 




 I am posting this here because the video it is referring to was a heavily upvoted post on this subreddit: http://www.reddit.com/r/nyc/comments/2kkyq6/10_hours_of_walking_in_nyc_as_a_woman/

Thought folks here might be interested in the follow-up. 









 My Dog Skip

Never a dry eye in the room at the end.  




 DNFTT 




  Its easy to assume voter suppression because thats more exciting, but its also likely this group is trying to create a scandal just weeks before voting day in order to swing the tide of the vote...

It is easy to assume voter suppression because conservatives have been engaging in massive voter suppression.

This looks a lot like that.

Is this group trying to create a scandal where there is none?  Maybe but then it'd be odd for them to bring a court case to try and settle the case one way or the other.

If your side is full of shit seems to me the last thing you want is a court to assess the facts.
 




 Ever see something on Reddit and think you are the clever one for spotting a subtle and mildly humorous mistake and hit reply to regale everyone with your sharp eyes and acumen only to find pretty much everyone else saw it too?

Not surprising really but nevertheless is always a bit of a bummer.  
 




 Maybe [something like this](http://tricktreatorpic.files.wordpress.com/2014/10/2903e-10727765_382031121959914_635390135_n.jpg?w=520) except instead of snickers it's pot edibles.  




 The issue is (as I understand it) that there was an issue with the voter registrations that made it seem 40K voters were not registered.

The state then said, nope, no problem, we got 'em all.

The plaintiffs said prove it.  We are not going to take your word for it.

From this article it seems the courts will not look in to it and just take the state's word for it.

For my money I am not saying the state did anything wrong but I think they should have to prove it in this case (which is eminently doable).
 




 [While running against Reagan for the Presidential nomination in 1980, George H. W. Bush had derided Reaganomics as "voodoo economics".](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reaganomics#Historical_context)


Fast forward 34 years and the shit still doesn't work (go figure):
[Voodoo Economics, the Next Generation](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/06/opinion/paul-krugman-voodoo-economics-the-next-generation.html?_r=0)

Glad Hillary is with the program but she is very, very late to the game.  It would be one thing if she was decrying this all along.  She wasn't, she was a beneficiary.  

From her this is just populist rhetoric.  

Stand her up next to Elizabeth Warren and then judge. 




 You might want to check out [Ello](http://www.technologyreview.com/news/531231/saying-hello-to-ello-an-ad-free-facebook-alternative/).  They're still in beta but they have [signed legally binding documents to never put ads in your face and never sell your data.](https://vpncreative.net/2014/10/28/ello-signs-charter-never-sell-ads-data-vc-funding-round/)
 




 Huh? 




 But all things haven't been equal. The studies were mostly self-selected rich white lesbians. When a study comes around that was more equal, like the Regnerus study, what happens? Do you recall what happened there?

Yeah.  [Mark Regnerus Admits His Family Structures Study Wasnt About Gay Parenting](http://thinkprogress.org/lgbt/2012/10/30/1110591/regnerus-admits-gay-parenting/)

And, [Journals Internal Audit Finds Flawed Gay Parenting Study To Be Bullshit](http://thinkprogress.org/lgbt/2012/07/27/596251/gay-parenting-bullshit/)

They do the Liberal Science where they have an answer that matches their politics then divine a study to support it.

Pot meet kettle.  _

Define the scientific standard you will accept as evidence and will believe regardless of which way it goes.

So if you define different things differently then it's okay to discriminate?

Or are you saying domestic partnerships are unconstitutional because they have the potential to discriminate?

I said neither.  I said when you make a distinction between two things (marriage and domestic partnership in this case) then you have a place where the law can discriminate.

Are you saying that your only hangup is the name?  You'd be cool with a domestic partnership that was legally indistinguishable from marriage so long as no one calls it "marriage"?

But gay people have been getting normal married all the time. They were never denied access to the institution. What they were denied was the recognition that their unions were equivalent to normal ones.

That's because they are clearly different.

Because gay people have been discriminated against for centuries.

The differences are not important. If it is an important difference please tell us how they are different and why that difference matters sufficiently to discriminate against them.

How many of these decisions have rested on Kennedy's statements in Windsor? 

Not many. Windsor was decided in 2013.  Not all cases were decided after Windsor.  Windsor does lend cases since then some cover and indeed lower courts are *supposed* to defer to higher courts' precedents.  Nevertheless these courts may reference Windsor but their reasoning is not solely embedded in Windsor and make their own case why SSM bans are unconstitutional.

Kennedy is wrong because it isn't the case that the only reason not to pretend that a gay union is equivalent to a normal one is out of hatred for homosexuals.

I've already demonstrated that there are legitimate arguments that have nothing to do with animus to support natural marriages only. 

This guy does a better job explaining it than I can.  There is a lot of good legal analysis there:

Many commenters seem to be assuming that, in order for a law to qualify as sex discrimination, it has to be motivated by hostility to men or women. Not so. As the Supreme Court puts it, a law can qualify as unconstitutional sex discrimination so long as it is astatutory classification that distinguish between males and females. Similarly, a racial classification counts as racial discrimination for constitutional purposes even if the motives behind it are benign.

It is also not true that a ban on same-sex marriage avoids qualifying as sex discrimination because it affects members of both genders. It still denies rights to both men and women solely on account of their sex. The fact that Bob cannot marry Colin solely on account of gender is not somehow balanced by the fact that Anne is similarly forbidden to marry Carol. Similarly, a law banning interracial marriage still qualifies as race discrimination even though both blacks and whites are barred from marrying members of the other racial group. [SOURCE](http://volokh.com/2012/02/07/same-sex-marriage-bans-and-sex-discrimination/) 




 See that? He's saying we don't need academically rigorous studies, because faulty studies don't show any evidence!

Hardly scientific. This is a group who's already demonstrated a history of choosing politics and feelings over science on this topic.

No, he's not saying that.  

He is saying that in study after study they see NO indication that same sex couples are worse as parents than heterosexual couples. No matter how you slice it the results are the same that same sex parents are no worse for children than same sex parents everything else being equal (e.g. economic situation and so on).

That is not saying don't do science.  It is saying they have done science and so far there is no evidence that same sex couples are worse parents than hetero couples.  There is a laundry list of organizations that support this notion and I gave you a citation for it.

You are simply one of those people who reject all evidence except that which fits your preconceived notions.  

Family structures aren't defined by some state approval of romance. If these were to have existed, they would have existed.

Yeah.  I already said as much.  And?

Why do you think states have historically promoted normal marriage then?

It gives structure and means for property rights, inheritance, equitable distribution of assets in case of divorce (as well as a framework for dealing with such an event) and so on.  Without such things in place society would be a mess.

There is no reason why same sex couples should not benefit from that as well.  As you said the state does not care about who you love nor should it.  If two people want to share their life together and merge their resources then a legal structure surrounding that is helpful.

Uh, then why in states where gays had these via domestic partnerships were they still challenged?

If you define things differently then you can discriminate between them in law and have laid the ground work for doing so.  If the state decides to call ALL marriages "domestic partnerships" then fine but they were not doing that.

Why deny poly's who want a poly marriage?

The legal structures around marriage are wholly inadequate for a polygamous marriage.

If one person wants to leave the marriage and there are five spouses does he/she get 20% of the estate (what if doing so means selling the house and putting the rest of the family out?)?  

If one is a mother does she get her kid(s) or will the courts say it is not fair to take the child from his/her brothers and sisters?  

In the case of a spouse unable to make his/her own medical decisions who gets to decide for them?  What if there is a disagreement?

In short it'd be a complete mess from a legal standpoint and the state does care about that stuff.

It's already been demonstrated that the state has no interest in approving gay romance. It's not denying them anything, it's simply not recognizing their relations as something they are not and pretending they are the same.

The same argument was given when interracial marriage was the question.  No one was denying people the right to marry.  They just could not marry outside of their own race.  That's fair right?

Right. It's because one man poisoned the well, and it's become a big circular reasoning firing squad.

Wow, so all those courts are just wrong and unable to see what is so clear to you and others.  They didn't look at evidence or jurisprudence or anything like that.  They are all blinded by one guy who managed to hoodwink the whole judiciary.

Tell you what, read some of the decisions then come back and tell the rest of us where the judge went wrong.  I did it for your one judge who gave an opinion you liked.

I gave you arguments already. My condolences.

And I debunked all of your arguments.  Sorry but you've got nothing so far.

You'd [probably like this guy.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8JsRx2lois)

 




 I'm really sorry but those studies aren't academically rigorous. These studies are nearly universally self-selected rich white lesbians. This is called sampling bias and cannot be generalized. Further rich white kids tend to have better outcomes regardless of family structure.

Yes, this is the usual reply given.  Fact is this has and is being studied a great deal, especially lately. 

Judith Stacey, of New York University, stated: "Rarely is there as much consensus in any area of social science as in the case of gay parenting, which is why the American Academy of Pediatrics and all of the major professional organizations with expertise in child welfare have issued reports and resolutions in support of gay and lesbian parental rights".[27] These organizations include the American Academy of Pediatrics,[6] the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry,[1] the American Psychiatric Association,[28] the American Psychological Association,[29] the American Association for Marriage and Family Therapy,[30] the American Psychoanalytic Association,[31] the National Association of Social Workers,[32] the Child Welfare League of America,[33] the North American Council on Adoptable Children,[34] and Canadian Psychological Association.[35] In 2006, Gregory M. Herek stated in American Psychologist: "If gay, lesbian, or bisexual parents were inherently less capable than otherwise comparable heterosexual parents, their children would evidence problems regardless of the type of sample. This pattern clearly has not been observed. Given the consistent failures in this research literature to disprove the null hypothesis, the burden of empirical proof is on those who argue that the children of sexual minority parents fare worse than the children of heterosexual parents."[7] [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LGBT_parenting)

.

Further, it doesn't even pass the laugh test to claim that gay parents of adopted kids are better parents then normal ones. If that were even remotely true our history would be littered with examples of societies organizing around the homosexual union. 

You are intentionally conflating what the studies are actually studying:

In a 2006 statement the Canadian Psychological Association released an updated statement on their 2003 and 2005 conclusions, saying, "The CPA recognizes and appreciates that persons and institutions are entitled to their opinions and positions on this issue. However, CPA is concerned that some persons and institutions are mis-interpreting the findings of psychological research to support their positions, when their positions are more accurately based on other systems of belief or values."[3] Several professional organizations have noted that studies which opponents of LGBT parenting claim as evidence that same-sex couples are unfit parents do not in fact address same-sex parenting, however, and therefore do not permit any conclusions to be drawn about the effects of the sexes or sexual orientations of parents. Rather, these studies, which only sampled heterosexual parents, found that it was better for children to be raised by two parents instead of one, and/or that the divorce or death of a parent had a negative effect on children.[3][49] In Perry v. Brown, in which Judge Vaughn Walker found that the available studies on stepchildren, which opponents of same-sex marriage cited to support their position that it is best for a child to be raised by its biological mother and father, do not isolate "the genetic relationship between a parent and a child as a variable to be tested" and only compare "children raised by married, biological parents with children raised by single parents, unmarried mothers, step families and cohabiting parents," and thus "compare various family structures and do not emphasize biology."[50] Perry also cited studies showing that "adopted children or children conceived using sperm or egg donors are just as likely to be well-adjusted as children raised by their biological parents."[50]

Gregory M. Herek noted that "empirical research can't reconcile disputes about core values, but it is very good at addressing questions of fact. Policy debates will be impoverished if this important source of knowledge is simply dismissed as a 'he said, she said' squabble."[51] [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LGBT_parenting)

.

What?

If you lack the legal protections that come with marriage then having children with another person is far more fraught with danger (e.g. what happens in a split, what happens if one parent dies, etc.)

If same sex couples can marry then having an extended family becomes a much more reasonable possibility.  So, if the state's interest is in fostering extended families then it is without a doubt in the state's interest to allow same sex marriages as opposed to banning them.

What is the State's interest in approving of who adult homosexuals love?

None.  Neither is it in the state's interest to approve of who heterosexuals love.  Not sure what your point is.

Incorrect. If the State is in the business of approving romantic expression, how can it discriminate against those who do not conform to the romantic binary? If the state approves of the romance between two homosexuals, then it must also approve the romance of other groupings.

Because it is not about the state approving of romantic expression.  Never has been.  The state's interest extends to legal issues such as inheritance and medical power of attorney and tax benefits and social security benefits and so on.  Those benefits are being denied to a particular group and for no rational reason.

There IS a rational reason for denying it to someone who wants to marry their dog or someone who wants to marry more than one person.

Legal convenience is a human right now?

If the state grants you a right it needs to have a good reason for denying that same right to another citizen.  There is no good reason to deny these rights to same sex couples beyond animus towards that group.  There is a reason 15+ court cases all across the country have found SSM bans unconstitutional and why the US Supreme Court knocked down DOMA.

That's because that was still marriage. This new marriage isn't, its gay marriage.

No animus at all.

The arguments against allowing interracial marriage were [practically identical to the arguments being made today against SSM.](http://www.mediaite.com/online/bet-you-cant-tell-the-difference-between-these-actual-anti-interracial-and-anti-gay-marriage-quotes/#0)
 




  http://www.al.com/news/huntsville/index.ssf/2014/09/governor_ag_explain_need_for_a.html[1]
 
 
 
 Nothing bigoted in that reasoning.

Yes there is.

1. Biological parents best candidates for "office" of mother and father

There is no evidence whatsoever to support this.  If anything the opposite is true.

[Children of same-sex couples are happier and healthier than peers, research shows](http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2014/07/07/children-of-same-sex-couples-are-happier-and-healthier-than-peers-research-shows/)

2. Gay married couples don't have extended families

And why don't they?  Because they lack the legal protections of marriage that hetero couples enjoy.  If same sex couples are allowed to marry many more will seek to have children.  Many already do (see article linked just above).

Apart from that there is NO requirement that hetero couples have children in order to be married.  What if your fiance had a hysterectomy for some reason?  Should she be banned from marriage?  What if an elderly couple wants to get married and can no longer have children.  Should they be banned from marriage?  Quite simply the law has never regarded "having children" as the litmus test for marriage.  Even if it does same sex couples can and do have children.

3. Prevents marriages of "two or more"

Allowing same sex marriage is NOT the same thing as allowing polygamous marriages.  It is a strawman that is often held up that if you allow same sex marriages then really any marriage is allowable...marry your dog for instance.  As it happens there are actually good reasons for not allowing polygamous marriages (or marriages to your dog).

4. Makes settling estates easier to handle 

No, it does not.  If that is true for same sex couples then it also MUST be true for hetero couples.  Indeed one of the big reasons same sex couples want to be allowed to marry is that it makes the dispensation of their estate simpler. 

5. Altering social norms undermines a "civil society"

You could say the same for ending interracial marriages which were thrown out in Loving v. Virgina.  The world didn't end though and few would argue for a return to those marriage restrictions.
 




  Do you think SCOTUS in 1888 was affirming gay marriage or just the right to normal marriages?

Note is says 14 times since 1888.  I have no doubt that in 1888 they did not mean gay marriage.  In this case, the banning of ALL marriages, they will run squarely into even the 1888 decision not to mention all the rest.  No need to invoke same sex marriage on that one.

All that said there is a reason that 15+ court cases recently have all found the bans on same sex marriage unconstitutional and made same sex marriage legal in more than half of US states.  You simply cannot read the constitution and find a way to ban same sex marriage for anything other than bigoted purposes.

 




  Would you have made the same argument in the cases of the states back in the 1960s that did not wish to allow interracial marriages?

Do not get me wrong.  I am not agreeing with the fuckwit Idaho GOPer.  I am merely saying he can threaten to take his ball and go home and have his temper tantrum but it really won't change anything.  Eventually they'll figure that out and won't block marriage in Idaho.

Even if they did manage to ban all marriage in Idaho (which I seriously doubt) it will not avail them much anyway.  The US Supreme Court has deemed marriage a fundamental right.

**Fourteen times since 1888, the United States Supreme Court has stated that marriage is a fundamental right of all individuals.**  In these cases, the Court has reaffirmed that freedom of personal choice in matters of marriage is one of the liberties protected by the Due Process Clause, essential to the orderly pursuit of happiness by free men, and sheltered by the Fourteenth Amendment against the States unwarranted usurpation, disregard, or disrespect.  [SOURCE](http://www.afer.org/blog/14-supreme-court-cases-marriage-is-a-fundamental-right/)
 




 3. Youth voter turnout rates also declined from 2008 to 2012, contrary to initial reports based on the national Election Day exit polls, which had shown the youth voter turnout rate holding steady. According to the Census Bureau report, the turnout rate among 18-to 24-year olds fell to 41.2% in 2012 from 48.5% in 2008. (Most of the post-election analysis of the youth vote focused on 18- to 29-year-olds and showed no change in voter turnout rates between 2008 and 2012; the Census Bureau report only provides an analysis for those ages 18 to 24 years.) The turnout rates of adults ages 65 and older roseto 71.9% in 2012 from 70.3% in 2008, according to the Census Bureau report.  SOURCE:  http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2013/05/08/six-take-aways-from-the-census-bureaus-voting-report/

I am willing to bet if millenials turned out and voted in the same percentages as the 65 and older crowd you'd see them taken seriously by politicians and they'd have an effect on the political landscape.

Millennial apathy is a self fulfilling prophecy.
 




 Its difficult to imagine so full of hate, so hell-bent on denying all the obligations and privileges that accompany marriage to same-sex couples, that they would be willing to demolish the institution altogether. From a legal point of view, thats what the cessation of the issuance of marriage licenses would do in that state. 

Nah.

I doubt there is anywhere in Idaho that is more than a three hour drive from a neighboring state (and most of the population is lot closer to a border than that).  So, simply cross a border, get married and then Idaho has to recognize the marriage via the Full Faith and Credit clause of the US Constitution.

Bit of a hassle sure but not all that much to get married.   




 Very cool. (really...super neat tech)

As noted in the video though it seemingly cannot take into account road conditions (e.g. rain, snow).

I am interested how it knows how heavy a load it is carrying which they do not mention.  That data is certainly critical.

Overall though very neat stuff.

The question remains do any other manufactures have advanced safety systems or is Volvo the only game in town for this stuff? (Again, really asking.) 




  No thanks, I'll take one of those fancy European trucks[1]   any day of the week.

US trucks don't have advanced safety features? (I am really asking, I do not know.)

Also, I am curious if there was any cargo in that trailer in your video.  I cannot imagine a heavily laden truck stopping in that short of a distance.  If they can that is awesome but I am dubious it is possible.
 




 What amazes me is how, of all the countries seeking nukes, they got them.  Iran which is far larger and more prosperous is still dicking around trying to get one but NK has had one for years?  

WTF?  It really is not at all easy to produce nukes yet a country that is about as backwater and behind the times as NK is manages it?

Just baffles me.
 




 Was expecting a [Roseanne Barr version](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ls1YVhcLD2c) of the national anthem.  

Was happily surprised it wasn't and that it was well done.

I was thinking if anyone would do it like Roseanne it'd be Jack Black but I think the [Rosanne episode](http://www.people.com/people/archive/article/0,,20118450,00.html) (although seriously...what the fuck did they expect?) made it abundantly clear to all who come after her that you don't fuck around with the US national anthem.
 




 Technically they are the same thing.

For instance H2O (water) is the same regardless if it was made in a lab or came from a lake (not counting other impurities...which may or may not be good for you like minerals or toxic waste...that might be in lake water).

Taurine would be the same in this respect.  It has a chemical makeup and no matter how it was produced the end result is identical no matter the source or method to produce it.

That said it is usually not as healthy to take supplements as it is to let nature sort things out.

As an example diabetics have a harder time and more health related issues taking insulin manually rather than having it naturally produced.

Same for a cat getting its taurine.

You CAN give it taurine but better if it gets it naturally via its natural diet (meat) as it will be regulated much more efficiently and correctly via natural means.

EDIT to add: Also, manufactured sources may be dodgy.  It is difficult to discern how careful one source is from another.  Taurine is taurine but if manufactured it is possible other impurities are present which could be bad.  Again, natural sources are preferable.   




 Relevant: [Sleeper - The Orgasmatron](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Isrd7E5nzIQ)
 




 Kids these days...

Check out the [IBM 305 RAMAC](http://boingboing.net/filesroot/image001.jpg) (yes, it is the thing on the forklift).

5MB of awesome!  (Yes, five whole megabytes.)

It weighed over a ton and in 1957 you could lease it for $3,200/month which today is [about $27,000](http://data.bls.gov/cgi-bin/cpicalc.pl?cost1=3200 year1=1957 year2=2014).

Believe it or not that was a technological marvel and leap forward in mass storage technology when it came out.
 




 The thing is the taurine a cat needs ~~must come from an animal source~~. 

I used to help adopt dogs at my local shelter and the people helping with the cats said they would occasionally get some vegans who wanted a vegetarian cat.  They were told it is a horrible idea and will hurt/kill the cat.

Yes, there are taurine supplements you can sprinkle on their food but ~~it is animal protein processed into a powder.  While it no longer looks like meat it pretty much still is.~~

~~So, if that cat food has taurine then it is not vegetarian.~~

~~You simply cannot feed a cat a 100% vegetarian diet to without hurting it.~~

Taurine is a type of amino acid, and amino acids form the main constituents of all proteins. Taurine is exclusively found in animal-based proteins. It is critical for normal vision, normal digestion, normal heart muscle function, to maintain normal pregnancy and fetal development, and to maintain a healthy immune system. Taurine is an essential amino acid in the cat.  [SOURCE](http://www.vcahospitals.com/main/pet-health-information/article/animal-health/taurine-in-cats/3857)

EDIT to add:  Per some other comments below it seems I was wrong and that taurine can be produced synthetically (and it is in great quantities) .  Taurine, while referred to as an amino acid, is actually an amino sulfonic acid.

That said feeding your cat a vegetarian diet is fraught with risk to the cat and great care must be taken to be sure it gets proper nutrition.  A cat is a carnivore through and through.  Mother nature made it that way and its health is geared to derive what it needs from animal sources and not vegetable sources.

Apart from the taurine issue cats can suffer from urinary tract problems more easily if they are kept on a vegan diet due to the relative acidity of meat to vegetables.  

tl;dr It is *possible* to feed a cat a vegan diet and for it to thrive but that diet must be maintained with great care and some difficulty or problems can occur.  Bottom line a cat is built as a carnivore and it'll be a lot happier as well as easier to maintain it on a meat based diet.
 









 Can you say "Big Brother"?

*"Those Who Sacrifice Liberty For Security Deserve Neither"* ~Benjamin Franklin 









  I can't comment on what it was like when you could stack units but without considering other Civ games...

You missed out on the love/hate for [stacks of doom](http://www.civfanatics.net/uploads4/SOTD_9.JPG) 




 Sorry it didn't work as intended.  I linked to a particular time in that video.  It should have started there rather than at the beginning.

If for some reason it doesn't forward in the video to the time stamp linked then jump to 3:55.  Watch as long as you want but I think you get the idea watching about a minute. 




 All of a sudden [this scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=Jp7SNoYOQmY#t=235) from the movie Aliens becomes a lot more believable.
 




 Just watch [this compilation of dogs seeing their person returning from military deployment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKBcs9tNWg8) (i.e. the human has been gone a long time).  The dogs lose it in joy and happiness at seeing their person again.  It is unmistakable.  It goes beyond the normal "been gone all day/took out the trash" greeting.

Clearly the dogs remember their person and miss their person deeply and remember them even after many months have passed.

Read the [story of Hachik](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hachik%C5%8D), a dog in Japan who would meet his human at the train every day.  One day his person didn't come home (he had died).  The dog returned to the station every day till the dog died hoping to greet his person again.  The dog has a statue there now remembering him and his loyalty.  There are other stories of dogs doing similar things when their person dies.

There is no way for this soldier's dogs to know he has died.  They will just keep waiting for him to come home and will be disappointed that he doesn't.  In time they will be less and less worried that he has not come home but they will never forget him and they will miss him...same as the rest of us humans.


 




 I'd be willing to ship you a bottle.

That said I have zero clue as to the legality or issues with shipping alcohol internationally so I'll make you a deal:

If you sort out how to ship it and it is all legal for both of us (which *includes* you being old enough to legally drink alcohol where you live) and you spell it out for me I'll send you a bottle (my treat...no cost to you if you do the leg work to figure out how to do it).

Careful what you wish for though...this stuff is pretty nasty to most people (I mean it literally when I say it reminds me of bug spray).  Its best use I have found is as punishment for losing a bet.
 




 He may be polarizing on political matters but this should not be a political matter.  I would hope anyone, right or left on the political spectrum, would agree with what Murphy said here.

In the US I would expect partisan bullshit at times like this.  I do not expect it from Canada. 




 He is purposely trying to play it off as a "she".  What is he pissed about?  Is he pissed when someone pegs him as a guy or goes with him as a woman?

I'm betting he will play that card either way as it suits him.
 




  I know a good many people who can't handle single malt Scotch, or gin.

I can.

If you're ever in Chicago give me a ring and I'll buy you a shot of [Malort](http://www.thrillist.com/drink/chicago/14-things-you-didn-t-know-about-malort-thrillist-chicago).  Pretty sure it is sold only in Chicago.

I've had it twice...once just to try it and another time cuz I lost a bet.

In my view tastes like bug spray.  Their own advertising suggests that something like 49 out of 50 people who try it never try it again.

That said I have met people who love it.  

From the link above:

Malort is an incredibly small operation (they have two employees, including the owner), and while their budget can't afford print ads, fan-created ads are right in their wheelhouse. Here's just some of their ad wizardry:

    Malort, kick your mouth in the balls!
    Malort, when you need to unfriend someone IN PERSON.
    Malort, tonight's the night you fight your dad.
    Malort, the Champagne of pain.
    Malort, turning taste-buds into taste-foes for generations.
    Drink Malort, it's easier than telling people you have nothing to live for.
    Malort, what soap washes its mouth out with.
    Malort, these pants aren't going to sh** themselves.
 




 I heard something similar (although the rumor I heard was that a pilot once touched the heated glass and got a bad burn even through his gloves...those are pretty serious gloves they wear though so I am dubious).
 




 If it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck it *might* be a Martian alien masquerading as a duck but then again it might just be a duck. 




  You can make a video like this that picks apart any game/movie/song/etc. A lot of nit picks, and making fun of silly little video game quirks. 

You can do this with anything.  For example listening to this made me think how they'd describe sex:

*"First I had to remove her clothes.  Tedious but ok, figured I'd keep going to get to the better stuff.  After that where's the substance?  This first 20 minutes is some kissing, some caressing but that gets old fast.  When you get to the main part it is just in and out, in and out repeated.  How repetitive can you get?*  

*She's beautiful but seriously, there's just not much there, seen it before, been there, done that, no mystery.  I tried to like it but meh..."*

 




  So what are we supposed to do about the tyranny of the current minority?

The fix is simple.

Make the filibuster the good old stand on the floor talking till you drop kind while maintaining a quorum in the senate.

That way they can filibuster for the things they REALLY care about but otherwise won't bother.

IIRC the senate majority leader can force this anytime he/she wants but they don't because none of them wants to sit there listening to someone read the phonebook when there are fund raisers to go to.
 




  What is a complication?

A "complication", in this case, is a term used by watchmakers to mean anything the watch does beyond displaying the time (hours and minutes).  So, for example, a day of the month display would be one complication, a split second hand would be a second complication, phases of the moon a third and so on.
 




  It never ceases to amaze me how massively outclassed the Allied tanks were for a good portion of the war...

Outclassed is a bit misleading here.

Yes, when a Tiger was in working order with the supplies it needed it was a fearsome weapon and no Allied tank matched it (IIRC in the battle of Kursk Soviet tank drivers took to ramming the Tiger since it was about the only way they could stop one).

But that formidability does you little good when it spends more time getting repaired or idled for various reasons (it was a maintenance nightmare).  

It was a great tank but it was complex and expensive.  The Soviets showed what a "good enough" tank could do in the T-34.  By German standards it was a piece of shit in fit and finish but it had it where it counted.  Sloping armor and enough of it and a good gun.  Indeed its kinda loose manufacturing tolerances made it much easier to service in the field.  And of course they built a jillion of them.

Remember the Sherman was never remotely meant to be a match for a Tiger.  It was a medium tank and the Tiger was about the heaviest of heavy tanks.  It is one case where America opted for numbers over quality.

Someone once said, "Quantity has a quality all its own."
 




 No, it is a [175th anniversary limited edition (seven copies made) watch.](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-10-13/patek-philippe-unveils-grandmaster-chime-the-world-s-most-complicated-wristwatch-ever-.html)

It is the most complex watch ever made (20 complications).
 




 The other problem is that while Maddox makes some good points he implies a world where someone should be the arbiter of what is "good" and worthy of publication.

That world is a lot scarier than a world with BuzzFeed in it.
 




 Do you really think the primary goal is to reduce speeding?

I have no doubt they tell you that but when revenue from speed camera is a budget item and the city frets it is not collecting enough traffic fines it tells us the system's primary goal is generating revenue for the city.
 




 Nope (did not ask him to "go fast" or "hurry" or any such thing).  I realized though that he had just wiped out a good part of his profit for the night. 




 From the article:

Drivers in Chicago have gotten wise to speed cameras, budget figures show, and now the city needs to come up with $50 million in revenue. 

I was in a cab that was nailed by that Irving Park Rd. camera.

Hate those things. 









 It won [outstanding Achievement in Makeup](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/An_American_Werewolf_in_London#Makeup_effects) the first year it was given at the Academy Awards.

IIRC doing the makeup for that scene took many hours to pull off as they meticulously applied little changes at a time. 




 Animaniacs was amazing.  The writing and voice acting were outstanding.

My favorite is the [tongue twister episode with Pinky   the Brain](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIu4fP4fOHE).  It is based off of the reputedly [hardest tongue twister in the world](http://www.dogonews.com/2013/12/7/mit-researchers-reveal-the-worlds-toughest-tongue-twister) (at least in English) according to the Guiness Book of Records.

It's astonishing they even thought to try it much less pull it off so well. 




 Some of the biggest wimps I have ever met are bullies who get the tables turned on them.  They seem to forget that there is always a bigger fish and it is beautiful when bullies get their comeuppance.
 




  I don't believe youre reading what I'm writing. Also, starting a post with belligerent, pedantic insults about "magical fairies" prohibits me from discussing this in a decent manner. 

I listed the clear and unmistakable references in the 12-steps to a higher power.  If you do not want to call that god then anything is game including magical sky fairies.  You just cannot hand-wave it away when it is inconvenient for you.  

It is there in the steps, like it or not, and there are plenty of AA groups that are explicitly heavy on the religion.  If you live in a big city you likely will have options.  If you live in the country you likely have one choice and if mandated by a court that is what you get whether you like it or not.  If that group is a bunch of holy rollers that is what you get (had a friend in college get one of those in rural Indiana).

I'm not going to go though point by point. You clearly have a misunderstanding in regards to differentiating 12 Step fellowships (like AA) and the 12 Step treatment model used in professional facilities. They are not one and the same. My "chill AA group" is a certified drug and alcohol treatment center that is no way associated with any 12 Step fellowship. We simply use the 12 Step modality as part of our program. 

You are responding in a thread about AA and we are talking about AA's 12-steps and you want me to be able to distinguish between your 12-steps and AA's 12-steps?  I am to go back and read your past posts on this topic so I know what you are talking about?

That's not how this works.  First, I would submit that if you call your steps 12-steps and AA calls theirs 12-steps then there is going to be confusion.  If your 12-steps are distinct from AA's 12-steps it is up to you to tell the rest of us because the rest us will be understandably confused.  We will not just guess that your way is somehow different.

Further, I am betting that a "certified drug and alcohol treatment center" is not free to attend like most AA meetings are.  My GF was in one, she paid for it and the first time she slipped up and drank again they kicked her out of the program (easy to show a success rate when you kick out those you worry will not be successful).  For what it is worth she's fine now but that was a hard time for her and really crushed her.

If your system is applying a rigorous scientific model to addiction treatment then great.  I know it is difficult.  It remains that the AA system as pushed all over the US is worthless or worse as a treatment. 




 IIRC in Japan games used to release on a Friday.  The Japanese are so into games that huge portions of the country's workforce would call in sick or take time off that it was literally having an economic negative impact on the country.  As a result they passed a law making release dates be on Tuesdays (or something...it has been a long time and I cannot find a citation for this so take with a grain of salt but pretty sure I remember this happening like this).
 




 First off six of the twelve steps resort to a "higher power".  Not you fixing yourself but you putting your recovery in the hands of god or a magic sky fairy or invisible pink unicorns or whatever.

- Came to believe that a power greater than ourselves could restore us to sanity.

- Made a decision to turn our will and our lives over to the care of God as we understood Him.

- Admitted to God, to ourselves, and to another human being the exact nature of our wrongs.

- Were entirely ready to have God remove all these defects of character.

- Humbly asked Him to remove our shortcomings.

- Sought through prayer and meditation to improve our conscious contact with God as we understood Him, praying only for knowledge of His will for us and the power to carry that out.

The twelfth step is a command to spread the word (i.e. proselytize):

- Having had a spiritual awakening as the result of these steps, we tried to carry this message to alcoholics, and to practice these principles in all our affairs.

Second, while your particular AA group was pretty chill about the whole god thing some AA groups most decidedly are not and it is a full court press at converting people to religion (I have personally known people who have been to this sort).  More problematic is courts will mandate AA treatment with no regard for effectiveness or that they are forcing people to go to a religious service.

Third, as noted above there is pretty much no scientific evidence for the efficacy of AA.  Sure there are LOTS of anecdotes out there but isn't it interesting you only hear about the success stories?  That is because it is self selecting.  If you finish the twelve steps the last step tells you to go out and spread the word.  If you don't finish you fall by the wayside and probably never speak up about it.

Fourth, AA was founded by Bill Wilson who found god while tripping his balls off in a hospital.

Bill Wilson, cofounder of Alcoholics Anonymous (AA), was admitted to Towns Hospital four times between 1933 and 1934. On his fourth and last stay he showed signs of delirium tremens[15] and was treated with the Belladonna Cure. He had his "Hot Flash"[vague] spiritual awakening while undergoing this treatment, either on his second or third night, depending on the source.[11] When he was released from Towns Hospital after a seven day stay, he never drank again.

snip

The formula[clarification needed] for Towns-Lambert cure was the deliriant, Atropa belladonna, also called deadly nightshade. The effects of belladonna include delirium, hallucinations, light sensitivity, confusion, and dry mouth. The second ingredient in the mixture was another deliriant, Hyoscyamus niger, also known as henbane, hog's bean, or insane root. It contained two alkaloids, hyoscyamine and hyoscine. The third major ingredient was the dried bark or berries of Xanthoxylum americanum, or prickly ash, added to help with diarrhea and intestinal cramps.[7] The dosage given was determined by the physiologic reaction of each patient. When the face became flushed, the throat dry, and the eyes dilated, the amount of the mixture was reduced or stopped.[8]

The mixture was given every hour, day and night, for nearly 50 hours. The end of the treatment was marked by the abundance of stools and then castor oil was given to the patient as a further purgative.[8] The treatment was also described as 'puke and purge'. [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_B._Towns#The_Belladonna_Cure)

Are you actually comfortable that the whole "science" of AA is based off the experience of a person who saw god while *literally* out of his mind tripping?
 




 There are two notions when it comes to sentencing. 

1) Punishment
2) Rehabilitation

Both are needed and should comprise a final sentence.  




 Unfortunately that video is showing as unavailable. 

Any mirrors?  (I looked but did not find any)

EDIT to add:  Apparently it is the October 9, 2014 episode which can be seen here: http://thedailyshow.cc.com/full-episodes/40z49z/october-9--2014---jeremy-renner 




 Sure they did.

The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit thought it was peachy as did (apparently) SCOTUS justices Thomas, Alito and Scalia.

Apparently the courts are fine with this kind of bullshit.  I wonder what they'd do if some state tried the same thing with their gun laws.  Say make a law that all gun shops keep their guns locked in a vault on par with Ft. Knox...you know...for safety!

 




 Sorry, that is the only way I have it.

Cropping the image would be easy though to get rid of that and you wouldn't lose anything important to the picture.

That or perhaps some Photoshop whiz here can erase that (if you know what you are doing with Photoshop I think that is pretty easy).
 









 This happens on Reddit a lot. If he/she did not explicitly point out it was sarcasm then almost certainly someone would be having a hissyfit about how inappropriate it is to burn buildings over a hockey match.  




 "...our president is a Muslim communist Nazi Kenyan Manchurian candidate."

/sarcasm 




 What the fuck is wrong with these people?

(Note: Not unique to the UK) 




 On a crowded elevator turn to your friend and ask:

"So, how's that rash coming along?" 




 - The Magic Door. 

- Romper Room 

- The Banana Splits 




 Democrat and Republican are not ideologies.  They are political parties that espouse a particular set of ideologies.  Generally people will join one or the other based on what the party stands for.

That said you may be a liberal but join and support the republican party because (as an example) you feel your business interests will be best served by the republican party.   




 Aquaman is pretty powerful.  IIRC he fought the Justice League to a standstill.

 




  He is ridiculously underrated.

He is ridiculously OP. 









 It seems ridiculous, at least to me, that a candidate can get 51% of the vote and therefore get 100% of the electoral college votes.

Err...in a direct vote if a candidate gets 51% of the vote they win so what is it you are complaining about?

The inherent problem is that the minority gets no voice. It limits the "swing states" to being the only areas really motivated to go out to the booths on voting day.

Wow, this is just so wrong.

In a direct vote candidates could utterly ignore the "fly over states".  They need a majority and that majority is squarely in the major cities and a few big states.  In a direct vote how much time would you expect candidates to pay to Alaska or North Dakota or Vermont?

The Electoral College is akin to trying to win the World Series.  The winner is not the team with the most runs scored over seven games.  It is the team that wins four of seven games.  Each game matters unto itself and no one I have ever heard thinks the World Series system would be better and more fair if it was just who scored the most runs overall regardless of winning a particular game.
 




 Can you say "punt"?
 









 Why am I getting downvoted (seriously)?
 




 ...multiplayer-only titles just don't interest me all that much. 

Ditto.

It is of course fine that such games are made and clearly some people really enjoy them.

Thing is multiplayer only games are very polarizing.  There will be some elite few who excel at a given game.  The rest are either mediocre and casual or just downright not adept at such games.

That puts a *huge* barrier in the way of building a large gaming community around a game.

My experience with many such games is if you aren't elite you get your ass handed to you on a regular basis and frankly that sucks after awhile (allowing for learning curve time in there).  Add to that, more often than not, other players are grade-A shit heads to you with the smack talk.  I'm a big boy and smack doesn't bother me much but then neither do I want to spend my free-time trying to have some fun having loudmouths berate me.

And the thing is there are always some group of players for any game who seem to have nothing better to do than play the game till they are fantastically good leaving the rest of the players with little chance.  Add to that as a 40-something guy I have an insanely hard time gathering friends together to play at the same time for more than 30 minutes much less a couple hours (life and all that gets in the way).

So for some few these games are great and I really think there is a place for these types of games as much as any other.  Just realize when all is said and done there is a very narrow market for them and only some few will really "make it".

All that said as an indie group seems like they really did something good here and I wish such groups have more success as a general matter so they keep trying to turn out new stuff (whatever it may be).

 




 She's also an [award winning stand-up comedian](http://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en sl=no u=http://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/Selda_Ekiz prev=/search%3Fq%3Dselda%2Bekiz%26biw%3D1920%26bih%3D1089).

Brains, beauty and humor in spades.  Helluva combo... 




  Hell, look at how people treat games like Call of Duty. They are solid games that are very approachable to the masses, yet "true gamers" turn their noses up at it because, frankly, it's a popular game that's not hard to get into as a non-gamer. 

I may be wrong (probably am) but my sense of the dislike for Call of Duty is its inability to do anything but serve up the same game over and over.  It's not that it is a "bad" game but rather like a good meal that you keep getting served over and over again.  Eventually it gets old and boring. 




  ...whats worse..is that they already HAVE them on their side. 

If a sitting member doesn't toe-the-line on things like this their constituents will primary them out of office. 




 Also a Chicagoan.  Can confirm.  $1,000/month won't get you a whole lot.  Cheaper than NY or SF but hardly a bargain either.
 




 People probably assume something needs to be high powered to hit something (anything) that far away.

Regardless though the issue is less about how dangerous the weapon is at that distance versus the White House (with bullet proof windows and what not) than it is that someone could do this and the Secret Service not even notice for days.

 




 Well...it depends but often a bad game is due to the publisher rushing the developers to put the game out regardless of its state and/or forcing the developers to do things the developer doesn't want (e.g. put multiplayer in regardless if it makes sense).

Devs can of course make a bad game without any "help" from a publisher but often you can tell which party is more to blame.
 




 I put him on in the background while I do other things (clean, browse Reddit...whatever).  I click back occasionally to get a sense of the visuals.
 




 Anything is "easy" once you know how.
 




  Not to mention, her association with the AEI is hardly grounds to write her off as anti feminist ( hello ad hominem)...

You're right.

Being associated with AEI does not make you ipso facto wrong.

It does however mean that immediate suspicion and careful scrutiny should be given because AEI is distinctly partisan.  As I mentioned Phyllis Schlafly was working with AEI on feminism at one point which hardly inspires trust about their stance on the topic.

As for Breitbart...well...let's just say if Breitbart.com says the sun comes up in the east I will believe them but get up early tomorrow just to make sure.
 




 Those two certainly were/are(?) influential in the women's movement.  I think "feminist" these days is too broad a brush to paint with as there are some distinct and important differences among them.

Anecdotal I know but when I bring up those two to female friends of mine (women who self describe as feminist) they *explicitly* repudiate anything like being like-minded with Dworkin or MacKinnon.
 




 You made my point.

The people who can be arsed to go out and protest are the ones who feel all righteous and indignant about whatever it is.

When you get thousands and tens of thousands protesting nationally  such as happened during the Civil Rights movement or Occupy Wall Street then maybe there is something there.

When you get a bare handful (if that) who go and shout down some speaker here and there it is hardly a "movement".  The SJW types are fringe and they know it.  They love rattling cages and making mountains of mole hills to have even the barest sense that they are relevant.

You engaging them and freaking out is giving them the attention they crave.  In a weird way people like you enable them.  
 




 Right, because lord knows there's not 10x as many SJW-esque feminist activists running around spouting misandrist nonsense as there are these decent feminist activists that you so fondly seem to think there are?

Do you have any actual numbers on this?

I know (like most people) many women.  Most would say they are a feminist.  None would align themselves with the SJW movement.  Anecdotal I know but one I am willing to bet most people experience.

SJW is the squeaky wheel.  They are loud and noisy and as a result get attention out of all proportion to their actual numbers.  Nothing new in this tactic. 




 Sure but they are on the "same side" on only a narrow range of particular points and their reasoning for "agreeing" on these points is completely different.  Feminists (some anyway) see stripping as a degradation of women.  Conservatives are opposed to it out of sexual prudishness.

It is the reasoning that is at the crux of it.  Not the result.
 




 They certainly have opposed feminism.  Unless something has changed feminism is antithetical to conservative notions of sexuality and what they see as women's traditional role in society (particularly religious conservatives).

[Phyllis Schlafly](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phyllis_Schlafly) is perhaps the embodiment of the anti-feminist stance of conservatives.  Guess who she used to work for...the American Enterprise Institute.  Same as Christina Hoff Sommers (the one in the OP's video).

EDIT to add:  Since this is getting downvoted (highlighting mine):

Some antifeminists have argued that feminism has resulted in changes to society's previous norms relating to sexuality, which they see as detrimental to traditional values or **conservative religious beliefs**.[12][13][14] For example, the ubiquity of casual sex and the decline of marriage are mentioned as negative consequences of feminism.[15][16] Many of these traditionalists oppose women's entry into the workforce, political office, and the voting process, as well as the lessening of male authority in families.[17] Antifeminists argue that a change of women's roles is a destructive force that endangers the family, or is contrary to religious morals. For example, Paul Gottfried maintains that the change of women's roles "has been a social disaster that continues to take its toll on the family" and contributed to a "descent by increasingly disconnected individuals into social chaos".[18]  [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antifeminism) 




 I am curious how the American Enterprise Institute and Breitbart became the voices of reason on this?

I suspect it is their opposition to feminism but it has certainly made for strange bedfellows in this case.
 




 Not to mention that for the money, number of people and reputed high skills these people have (to demand generous salaries) they seemed really crappy at turning out product.  What was ultimately obtained for all that money spent? 




 Yeah...kinda missing the point here.  Has radar detection ever been an issue for tanks?

Maybe it is invisible to missiles?
 




 She is pretty careful to not get into positions where she actually has to argue her side.  She stays safely ensconced on her own website and dares not venture out to any but conventions filled with her version of [dittoheads](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Dittohead).

I signed up to her website awhile back to [respond to a post she made](http://skepchick.org/2014/05/video-should-women-get-menstrual-leave/).  It was a thoughtful response, not ranting, not aggressive and merely made a few points for discussion.  She swore at me, called me "thick" and yanked my posting privileges and distinctly avoided any actual debate.  

She simply cannot tolerate scrutiny.  She makes money off of other's outrage and is happy to stoke those fires.  She has no interest in the truth.  Why they keep her on the Skeptic's Guide to the Universe is beyond me.
 




 ... the fact is, a 15 year coma is exceptionally unlikely-even more so that one would basically be able to recover.

Unlikely yes (super unlikely) but it has happened:

- [Ayanda Nqinana](http://www.medicaldaily.com/man-wakes-seven-year-coma-after-taking-sleeping-pill-242451): 7-Year Coma
- [Terry Wallis](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/man-awakes-after-19-years-in-coma/): 19-Year Coma 




 The occasional "why do we need to learn this, this will never be used in real life" is still here though.

When I said that to one of my teachers she looked at me and asked, "How do you know what you'll need to know in the future?"

That shut me right up and I've found she was right. You will not need or use all you've learned but you'll be surprised at what random bits become useful and there is no telling which random bits you'll need. 

tl;dr Knowledge, any knowledge, is valuable even if you can't immediately discern why. 

 




  Chlorine as a chemical weapon is not very effective at killing people. The gas quickly disperses, it requires a high concentration, it gives a visible cloud, has a strong odour, and can be defeated by simple counter measures (a wet cloth preferably with urine over mouth and nose can be enough). It was the first deadly chemical gas used in WWI but even well planned uses with hundreds of tons of chlorine usually only achieved low casualty numbers and that's why Chlorine was quickly replaced by more deadly gas like Phosgene or Mustard gas.

Chlorine was plenty lethal and used a great deal in WWI.  Phosgene was more deadly than chlorine in some ways but it had a more delayed reaction.  The Germans used a mixture called "white-star" which was a mixture of phosgene and chlorine.

Mustard gas was indeed far more nasty than the other two but its downside was it persisted in the environment for a long time (relatively speaking...weeks in this case) making it dangerous for troops to occupy an area cleared with mustard gas and in the end taking territory is the point.

All told plenty of people were injured by gas in WWI (well over a million) but it was never decisive in the war and by the end troop casualties were low because they learned how to protect themselves.
 




 Relevant: http://i.imgur.com/ahLz8Z3.jpg

(Note:  I saw this posted elsewhere around here earlier today but I cannot remember where for proper credit.) 




 I know a chair is not a PC but honestly it is part of the whole setup and matters.  I really wish there were better resources when it comes to buying a desk chair.  Unfortunately there aren't so, for what it is worth, I'll try and add a little data to the limited pool of info there is on this.

Desk chairs are bizarrely expensive.  I mean chair tech has been around since what...caveman times when we sat on a rock or a log?  Certainly we have been building chairs for thousands of years yet they remain stupidly expensive.

Maybe the aphorism that "you get what you pay for" is true here.  I bought a Maxnomic DX-Racer chair (chosen per their recommendation for my height) recently and have serious buyer's remorse.

They tout all the ways the chair is adjustable (and it is) but in the end if it is not comfortable who cares?  It honestly feels like a steel frame with the barest minimum of padding wrapped around it.  Ever grab a really skinny girl's upper arm?  Kinda feels like that.

The chair is only slightly more comfortable than a rock.  Lumbar support amounts to a pillow to strap to it.  The pillow is absurdly big arching your back uncomfortably.

I am pretty sure whoever designed this chair ticked a few boxes and never actually sat in it for more than a minute. 
 
There really is almost nothing to like about this chair beyond it looking good from a distance.  My ass literally hurts while writing this.  I am about to toss this chair in the garbage and buy a new one (unless some ~~sucker~~ person here wants to buy it cheap).

If anyone has another recommendation for a desk chair I'd love to hear it!
 




  AKA Police usually get away with this horseshit with no consequences, therefore we should accept it.
 
 
 
 How about no? The drug war is garbage and the fact that "anyone" in the utterly corrupt system would sign off on the search warrant says nothing about it's validity.

While I do not disagree that the drug war is bullshit it is the job of the police to enforce the laws...even the shitty laws. 




 Geez...how fast does Reddit forget?

This was posted four days ago: http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/2gdqj3/prosecutors_seek_death_penalty_against_man_who/

Relevant post from /u/Golden-Fox from that thread that got lost in the circlejerk:

TL;DR edit: Any presence or lack of drugs will have no bearing on how this case is tried. It's no longer a case about drugs, it's a case about justifiable use of force. Whether or not the guy goes free is of secondary concern, after what effect this case may have on the ability of police to preform no-knock raids.

The fact that they didn't find actual drugs doesn't have anything to do with it. They were serving a valid search warrant. I've read the affidavit, it's well investigated, a very solid document. Anyone would sign off on it. I have taken courses both on writing affidavits and on tearing them apart. I have seen some terrible affidavits, this is not one of them.

Despite the fact that no actual drugs have been reported to have been found, there is still evidence that drugs may have been sold. Drug paraphernalia has been reported, burner cell phones, and guns. The suspect was a felon, and therefore may not legally posses a firearm. The police also seized a safe, and I feel that it is likely that records of drug sales may be found in that safe. Further, the handgun that was used to shoot the cops apparently had been reported stolen.

The man may not have had drugs on his person, but he is still far from innocent. Police were lawful in serving the search warrant, and lawful in doing it "no knock." The suspect was known to carry a handgun(illegally). If they hadn't gone after him on drug charges, they could have gotten him on weapons charges.

edit: I'm getting downvotes because I'm interfering with the anti-police circle jerk. There are tons of contemporary cases where the police have fucked up royally, and in a myriad of ways. This is not one of them. If you want a case where police have completely over reacted, look at Ferguson. If you want a case with a very poorly written arrest affidavit, look at the Zimmerman case.
 




 To be fair this is the pain of being part of the PC Master Race.  

If you by an XBox One today it will be as good as an XBox One bought a year from now.

Not so with PC stuff.  Whatever you buy today will be eclipsed with better silicon within months and the price you paid will be too much within months.

Sucks but there it is.
 




 I'll just leave this here (we now expect a lot from your son):

[The Einstein Syndrome](http://townhall.com/columnists/thomassowell/2001/08/31/the_einstein_syndrome/page/full)

WHAT have famed pianist Arthur Rubinstein, Italian dictator Benito Mussolini, India's self-taught mathematical genius Ramanujan, Nobel Prizewinning economist Gary Becker, talk show host G. Gordon Liddy and renowned physicists Richard Feynman, Edward Teller and Albert Einstein all had in common?

Aside from being remarkable people, they were all late in beginning to speak when they were children. Edward Teller, for example, did not say anything that anyone understood until he was four years old. Einstein began talking at age three but he was still not fluent when he turned nine.  




 ^ Literally this.

I live in Chicago and I have seen tow trucks cruising like taxis.  The most impressive move I ever saw was a "no parking" thing went into effect at 4p on a certain street.  While watching from a hi-rise I saw ten tow trucks (yes, I counted) just idling on the street below at 3:59p.  At 4p it was like watching synchronized swimming.  All ten trucks backed up and used their quick-pik bars to snag a car and drive off.  In about 30 seconds they scooped ten cars.

For personal experience my roommate's brother parked across the street from our apartment in a lot.  He left the car, buzzed our place and we asked him where he parked.  When he told us we told him "hell no" and ran to his car.  As we ran up a tow truck was backing in to get his car.  Elapsed time...maybe 2 minutes.

Funny story:

Went to a Grateful Dead show in Chicago (Soldier Field) and my friend parked in a lot where they were being directed to park.  Paid some money to park there.  Came out, cars were towed.  Turned out someone scammed all the Dead Heads and collected money.  He got his car back without a fine. [True story.](http://www.highbeam.com/doc/1P2-4060590.html)

In short there is a lot of money in towing cars and they are absolutely on the ball about it.  At least in big cities.   




 21.3% on fundraising costs and administrative is pretty huge...

No it's not.  [That is pretty normal.](http://www.afpnet.org/Audiences/ReportsResearchDetail.cfm?ItemNumber=12845)

That said Komen is a shit organization which lost its way long ago.  There are plenty of organizations out there to donate to if you want to help prevent/cure breast cancer.  Avoid giving Komen money if at all possible (my opinion of course but not hard to Google [why you shouldn't](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/12/07/komen-foundation-charities-cure_n_793176.html)).
 




 Help me reconcile these two statements of yours:

I'm sorry, how many times now have I said I already think trans people should disclose?

And...

...which is why the "let the other person decide by telling them" thing is so ludicrous to me. 




  I am not saying you are wrong to feel the way you do...

You are making assumptions.

You'd probably be surprised if you knew me better.

I still think a transgendered person needs to let a potential partner know the deal.


 




 Again you are making a false equivalency.  No one cares if you had your appendix out.

You are fooling yourself though if you think a sex partner won't care if you are a male, female or transgendered person.  

Hell, your gender goes right to the root of sexuality!  You can wish for a world where your potential sex partners will not care about current or previous gender but you are only fooling yourself to think otherwise.
 




 Indeed.

Those who are too smart to engage in politics are punished by being governed by those who are dumber. ~Plato
 




 I think that is evasive.

We all have histories and we all have a sense of what is important to a potential partner.

Clearly we cannot give a recitation of our life story on Day #1.  Some things are relevant though and important.

Would you want someone with an STD to withhold that info from you?  They need not relate how they got it but they should tell you.

Personally I do not know how I would react if I found out after the fact I had sex with a transgendered person.  I want to say I'd be cool with it but honestly I do not know.

I can say I'd be upset that I wasn't told beforehand.  




 It is not that difficult I think.

You need to disclose to a partner information that you think might be relevant.

There is all sorts of info you can convey yet some rises above others.

- Are you married/in a long term relationship?
- Do you have an STD?
- Are you an axe murderer?

Stuff like that rises above whether you get paid $30k or $50k a year.

I do not think this is rocket science.  We are not trying to create a law here that covers all circumstances.  I think most of us intuit what is relevant to tell out partners.  I consider telling a potential partner you are transgendered as important.  I get why this would be difficult if you were a transgendered person but what else is there for this?
 




  But don't try to gussy it up as something it's not with the "bare all" attitude- nobody actually does that.

I am honestly confused what you mean with this.  I'm trying to parse it and not getting it.

 




  I agree that trans people should tell, but that's pretty weak unless you are completely serious about an entire-life-story-before-sex rule for everyone. What if my potential sexual partner is violently repulsed by the idea of fire spinners or has a circus phobia?

I think this is a false equivalency.

If you happen to be someone who has a real problem with fire spinners then I'd say it is up to you to tell a potential partner that they are not keen on dating such a person.  Such a quirk is unusual.  

When it comes to a transgendered person I think it absolutely has to be up to their partner to decide how they feel about it.  I cannot imagine how it is "better" to withhold that info and think it will all work out ok in the end.

It would be nice if it didn't matter but I think we both know most people would say it does matter.

In the end, call it what it is: some people are real squicked out by the idea of having sex with a trans person, even if it objectively has no consequence to them outside of that bias.

Yup.  That said, even if that is a lousy position to take, it has to be the other person's choice to make.

But no, it is not and should not be mandatory.

To be clear I do not mean "mandatory" to be legally necessary.  I merely mean it to be "strongly advisable".

Edit to add:  I really wish the people downvoting would respond as to why they are downvoting.  It doesn't help me or the discussion if I do not know why I am wrong or offensive or...whatever.
 
























 The law allowed for (and prosecutors asked for) jail time of 10 years or more.
 









 It is worth noting that the US government did not lose money on the **program** that funded Solyndra (it also funded other things like Tesla Motors).  It made about $5-6 billion for the government:

 The U.S. expects to earn $5 billion to $6 billion from the federal program that funded flops including Solyndra LLC, bolstering President Barack Obamas decision to back low-carbon technologies. [SOURCE](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-11-13/solyndra-program-vilified-by-republicans-turns-a-profit.html)
 




 Story, to me, is what lifts an at best mediocre game to become something special.

Straight-up mechanics only get you so far.  It would be akin to a roller coaster ride.  Sure its fun at first but it wears thin really fast if that is all there is to it.

One can point to the likes of Doom and Serious Sam as examples of nearly no story and fun gameplay being a workable mix but there is a reason we have not seen their like in a decade or more (at least not highly successful ones).

Look at what was done with the recent Castle Wolfenstein to see how story lifts what would have been a fun romp into something exceptional.
 




 My 980 is likewise working fine on all the AAA titles I've tried it on so far including DA:I, Bioshock Infinite, Middle-Earth: Shadow of Mordor and XCom: Enemy Unknown.

I'm averaging [60 FPS on the Heaven benchmark](http://i.imgur.com/0a8JraN.png) at 1440p on Ultra with no AA and normal tessellation.

I am thinking it is those games or something else at issue rather than the 980. 




 Just to make this a bit more ELI5:

It is important to remember the equation E=MC^2

Basically that means (among other things) that mass and energy are interchangeable.  

So, when fission occurs (or fusion) the result is something with less mass than what we started with.  Thing is cosmic accounting *requires* that nothing is lost.  The books have to balance.  In this case the "missing" mass is converted to energy and the amount of energy is determined via E=MC^2.  That last part, C^2 or speed of light squared, is a really big number which is why you see so much energy released from relatively small amounts of material fissioning or fusing (only a few percent of the material in a bomb undergoes fission or fusion and that is enough to level a city).
 




 I always find it interesting watching shows about mobsters when they get really bent out of shape that someone stole money from them seeming to forget all the money they have is money they stole from someone else.
 




 The Asus PG278q is probably the best **gaming** monitor on the market, bar none.

That said it is a TN panel with all the inherent limitations a TN panel has.  As TN panels go it is very good but still...if you want this for other purposes such as video or photo work you will probably not like this monitor at all (I went from an IPS panel and I easily spot the color shifting which I find a bit annoying).

For gaming though it rocks.  Know that a single GTX 980 (which is what I have) runs this monitor fine but due to the extra pixels this panel has (2560 x 1440) the 980 only just gets it done. With all bells and whistles turned on for a modern AAA title I get around 50 FPS...give or take...on some titles on ultra settings.  Still, due to G-Sync 50 FPS isn't too bad at all IMO.

Some say you can help squeeze more out by turning off AA because the high pixel count obviates the need for it but I find I can still see issues without AA on.  YMMV.
 




 I found my PG278q at Microcenter Chicago at MSRP about a week ago.  At the time they had three in stock.  This despite their website saying they were out.

Long story short, call them.  The website may not reflect the reality.
 




  I wouldn't go for the Asus ROG Swift right now as it's extremely buggy[1] .

I have a ROG Swift PG278q and have none of the problems listed in that thread.  If you read it someone else also posted that they have no problems.  Doubtless some people have had problems but that will be true for most any product.

It is an expensive monitor and it does have the inherent issues with any TN panel.  I went from an IPS panel to this and the color shifting is very apparent to me.  As TN panels go it is about as good as it gets but in the end it is still a TN panel.

That said, if you want a **gaming** monitor I do not think you can do better today.  Just be sure you have enough video card to run it.  It absolutely requires Display Port to operate and being a 1440p monitor it has a lot more pixels to push than a more "normal" 1080p monitor (about 44% more pixels). 




 I'll add to the chorus that it is worth it.

I held off a long time buying it then (I think) it came on sale and I figured may as well.

Glad I did.

Probably the best game of this genre I have played in a long time.  I have a backlog of games too but this is worth jumping the line for.
 




 [Sleepy's](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Sleepy%27s+Festival/@41.978334,-87.660327,17z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x0:0x6c39c6f3387fc053) (Google Street View at that link still shows a pic of the Blockbuster).

 




 Amber Alert. 

You go to check on your daughter and she's not in her room or anywhere to be found in the house.  




 Yes and no.

Certainly they have bandwidth and capacity issues.  Any one person won't change much but eventually it matters.  You are buying a product same as buying a TV from a store.  You cannot tell CCP they are not "losing" anything because there is not a physical product.  If you go to court or Wall Street they would view this as tangible.  If you stole game time from CCP you will not be able to defend yourself by saying nothing was really lost by CCP.

Further, those PLEX are game time which people use.  CCP LOVES it when it gets blown up.  That game time is no longer in the pool and needs to be bought again.  CCP gets to double dip.
 




 It is like a store selling you a gift card.  The gift card costs them next to nothing.  They do however get the money you put on the card.

If you never redeem that card it is money in the bank for them.

Obviously an online game is different but it is the same idea.
 




 An Ibis in EVE is the starter ship for one of the factions.  It is a noob ship in the literal sense.  You get that ship on Day #1, minute #1 when you start the game.  As one might expect it is (along with the other faction's noob ships) about as pathetic a ship as can be found.

It would be akin to the pointy stick/paper armor you are given at the start of a fantasy MMO.
 




 In a fucking IBIS???

Wow...

Either a literal noob or complete moron.

Maybe he hoped bad guys wouldn't scan a noob ship cuz hey...noob right?

Well, that trick went out the window ages ago.

 




 I haven't played EVE for a few years now but I did for about eight years and among my guild they always gave me stuff to haul.  Was kinda my "thing".

While being a hauler is fraught with danger in hi sec if you get suicide ganked it is nearly always the pilot's fault for being lazy.  I wonder if this guy was AFK on autopilot.  If so he/she kinda had it coming (painful as it was).

Maybe things have changed since I last played though.  Would be curious to hear from a current player if it has. 




 The monitor requires a Display Port 1.2 connection.  Period.  That is why the monitor only has that one connection option.

HDMI is too slow to drive that monitor.

The good and bad news is you need a new GPU.  Bad because it is a layout of more money, good because a new GPU is always fun.

You MUST get an Nvidia card for this if you want to take advantage of its G-Sync ability (which is really the point of this monitor).  GTX 970 has a good price point versus performance.  You could go cheaper but I wouldn't if you can at all avoid it.  Remember this panel has a 1440 resolution so it is harder to drive than the typical 1080.  If you want all the graphical goodies go for a 970 single card solution or look into an SLI solution.
 




 I picked one up at my local (Chicago) Microcenter two days ago for the MSRP of $800.  They had two left when I bought mine.

EDIT:  Protip - CALL the store you want to buy from.  The internet is not reliably reporting stock or prices.  In my case Microcenter website said they had zero, I called and they had three in stock at MSRP price.
 




 Thanks.

So that picture of an Nvidia control panel with these settings does not exist?

Also, of those is there a preferred one or are they all similar enough to make no difference?
 




 I just bought a PNY GTX 980 card in order to run a new Asus ROG SWIFT PG278Q monitor (it has G-Sync built in to the monitor).

All well and good so far.  I like the PNY for the reference design of the card (I like that cooling solution which works well with my system and it is also quiet).

Problem is, near as I can tell, PNY provides no bells and whistles for their card which also means no ability to set the fan to auto-adjust itself based on its temperature.

I downloaded [EVGA Precision](http://www.evga.com/precision/) which seems it is doing the trick.  Still, while looking in to this it seemed Nvidia built in fan controls into their driver.  From the [sales page for the PNY GTX 980](http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16814133563) card: 

NVIDIA GPU Boost 2.0 Technology 

Dynamically maximizes clock speeds based on workload, and allows enthusiast class controls such as temperature target and fan controls, extra over-voltage headroom, and optimizations for water-cooling solutions. This allows greater customization and overclocking options and enables gamers to push performance to new levels. 

So where is that?  When I look at my control panel I [see this screen.](http://i.imgur.com/MbiViWA.png)

So where are these reputed enthusiast controls?  The ones that presumably [should look like this](http://www.nvidia.com/object/performance_group.html)?

FWIW I downloaded the drivers last night so they are current.

Thanks in advance! 




 Harold   Maude

No one on Reddit ever seems to know what it is. They are all missing out.  




 That is not the same thing at all.

Consider:

You are sitting in jail for the next 40 years wrongly accused of rape.

The woman who accused you of rape has a few choices:

1)  Say nothing, she lives a long and happy life.

2)  Tell people she lied and go to jail for 20 years.

What do you think she will choose?

It is ALREADY illegal to perjure yourself to the court.  The penalties are already there to dissuade people from lying.

Your way sees to it you rot in jail for the better part of your life.  Hope that is some comfort to you because that is about all the comfort you're likely to get.
 




 There have been many Boy/Girl Scouts who went to congress with noble ambitions.

The reality of Washington either corrupts them or, for the few who refuse to play the game, gets them sidelined and often removed from office in the next election.  For the one or two who hang on through all of that they are only one or two and woefully outnumbered.

The system is broken.  Millennials will not save a damn thing by becoming representatives (not their fault).  They will be co-opted and corrupted as easily as everyone till this point has.
 




 Before you read the rest know that I understand how shitty this is and agree.  That said there is (possibly) more to be considered:

While I, like you, would love to see someone who falsely accused someone to be hung out to dry the problem with doing so is you discourage people who have done so from ever retracting their accusation (or for others to come forward).

That is to say if you make it so anyone who falsely accuses someone to face decades in jail then they will never (or very rarely) come forward to let it be known a miscarriage of justice occurred.  Likewise their friends or family will be less likely to come forward knowing the repercussions.

This is particularly important with rape accusations since all too often it is the testimony of the woman that is the crux of the case.  You need her to retract the accusation.

As shitty as it is I think it is better the falsely accused get out of jail than it is to put the false accusers in jail.

EDIT: Spelling

EDIT2:  To whoever is downvoting me consider if you'd rather rot in jail for 40 years or have a path for your accuser to retract their false statements.  With that path you get out of jail and your false accuser also does not go to jail.  Without that path you rot in jail and your false accuser stays free.  It may suck but reality dictates this one.  Choose wisely...

Edit3:  Downvotes with no response why I am wrong.  Way to go guys...the debate would be worthwhile.
 




 I do not know that such a comparison has been made but I assume you could look-up the numbers and do it.  They are publicly available.

The issue here though is less about "how much" they chip in as it is about how much they take out.  Since they are illegal immigrants they cannot avail themselves of government programs meaning they cannot get anything back for what they put in.

I have seen some suggestions that illegal immigrants are an important part of keeping Social Security running since they put money in but never get paid out.

I have also seen that in some states the net outflow is more than the inflow.  States like California pay more to immigrants than they put in (mainly from their kids going to public schools).  In other states the reverse is true (states with small immigrant populations).

Overall, federally, illegal immigrants are a net benefit to the country's bank accounts and only take more than they put in in a relatively few states.
 




 Personally I love the skits and whatnot.  It sets him apart.  There are a zillion "reviewers" out there who turn on Fraps and talk about the game.  AngryJoe provides more value with a lot of production value in his reviews which sets them apart.

To each his/her own I guess but I can do without reviewer #1,000,000,001 Frapped review.  I think YouTube and this whole genre of YouTube content is served better by people adding some production value to their content.

As always, YMMV.
 




 He seemed to be having a lot of fun traveling to various events leaving him little time for reviews.  He'd occasionally put up some streaming crap but felt like he phoned it in more often than not.

I can appreciate that his reviews have a lot of production value and take a lot of effort and a long time to produce.  That is also why I like to watch his stuff over most other reviewers (or the even more dodgy, won't take a stance, First Impression crowd like TotalBiscuit).  TB can do 10 "first impressions" to every one of AngryJoe's reviews but I'd rather watch any AngryJoe review over any TotalBiscuit first impression.  YMMV

I really like Joe's stuff and hope he gets back to what made him popular in 2015 (I know he said he "has a plan"...fingers crossed it works out).
 




 Sure:

Undocumented immigrants are already U.S. taxpayers.

Collectively, they paid an estimated $10.6 billion to state and local taxes in 2010, according to the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy (ITEP), a research organization that works on tax policy issues. Contributions varied by state. In Montana they contributed $2 million. In California, more than $2.2 billion. On average they pay about 6.4% of their income in state and local taxes, ITEP said.

A 2007 Congressional Budget Office (CBO) report on the impact of undocumented immigrants on the budgets of local and state governments cited IRS figures showing that 50% to 75% of the about 11 million unauthorized U.S. immigrants file and pay income taxes each year. 

snip

The truth is that undocumented immigrants contribute more in payroll taxes than they will ever consume in public benefits.

Take Social Security. According to the Social Security Administration (SSA), unauthorized immigrants -- who are not eligible to receive Social Security benefits -- have paid an eye-popping $100 billion into the fund over the past decade. 

snip

Undocumented immigrants do not qualify for welfare, food stamps, Medicaid, and most other public benefits. Most of these programs require proof of legal immigration status and under the 1996 welfare law, even legal immigrants cannot receive these benefits until they have been in the United States for more than five years. 

Source: http://money.cnn.com/2014/11/20/news/economy/immigration-myths/

 




 Check out [Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon - Michelle Yeoh vs Zhang Ziyi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFH6lXJ6c4k).  One of my all time favorite fight scenes.

The fast cuts they use in other movies is just there to hide a lack of fight choreography because it is easier and cheaper to do.  Pisses me off when the movie is all about the action in the first place.
 




 It is worth adding that the process of collapse into a neutron star or black hole is what produces many elements we see that are iron or heavier.  The process is called [nucleosynthesis](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nucleosynthesis) and it happens really, really fast as the star explodes in a supernova.
 




 This does not make sense.

The universe did not pop into existence inside an infinite space.

The Big Bang created space and time...it happened everywhere (i.e. you cannot point to a spot in our universe and say that is the center where the Big Bang started...it started everywhere including where you are sitting right now).  It is not like a bomb going off in some infinitely big room as far as we are concerned.

Space may expand forever but that does not make our universe infinitely big. You cannot say the universe is expanding "into" anything because the universe, for us, is everything.  There is no "outside" the universe.  May as well ask what is north of the North Pole (hat tip to Stephen Hawking for that one).
 




 I became preternaturally aware of being bitten.  Which is to say I woke at the slightest provocation no matter what it was.  I became a spaz.  I kept my phone by my bed and would turn on its flashlight to scan for them rather than take time to get out of bed which might allow an escape.  Sometimes I would catch one and squish it (they are actually kinda hard to squish...especially on a bed).  If I didn't spot one the sheets came off and into the drier they went (IIRC they cannot survive temps over 120F).  Actually spotted or not everything went in the drier and I'd try to sleep on a bed with no blanket or sheets or pillows while doing this.

I didn't sleep much or well for months (literally) but I maintained my drier routine over and over and over again for a few weeks.  I had no clue if there was anything in there or not but I did it religiously anyway anytime I even suspected there was one around and it eventually worked where all else failed.

My "infestation" was not all that bad as these things go but one is one too many (and I definitely had more than one) and from start to finish fighting them was about 3-4 months.

It really, really sucks when you dread going to bed.
 




 I tried cheating on my high school physics exam by programming my calculator to do the problems for me.  Mind you this was long before teachers were hip to calculators that could do this.

I spent all night programming the calculator to solve for any variable in the equations the test threw at me.  Took me many hours.

Come exam time it turns out that by programming the calculator to do those problems I had to understand how to do those problems. I accidentally taught myself all the material and I was faster than my lousy program at doing them too.
 




 I had to deal with the little fuckers once. They are incredibly tenacious and hard to get rid of and positively maddening. 

What ultimately worked for me was putting my bed sheets and pillows in the dryer on hottest setting for an hour EVERY time I was attacked. 2am? Didn't matter. I was crazy about it for weeks. 

Worked better than anything else I tried and stopped the attacks. 
 




 How can it be infinite when it had a beginning and has an expansion rate?

Seems to me an "expanding universe" is meaningless if it is infinite in extent.

That said seeing the universe as flat or open does not make the universe infinite...just means it can expand forever which is different.

 




 Yes, as he/she said there are hard limits on the size of a star.

Eventually, if the star gets big enough, the gravity at the outer edge of the star is too low to hold on to atoms.  The star's radiation will blow off any excess material that drops on to it.

Here is a drawing of [UY Scuti](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UY_Scuti#mediaviewer/File:UY_Scuti_size_comparison_to_the_sun.png), perhaps the largest star we know of, in comparison to our sun.  This is about as big as they get.  As mentioned above for VY Canis Majoris (also an oft cited candidate for biggest star) the star would engulf a region out to Jupiter and maybe Saturn if it were in our solar system.

As for how small a star can get it is a bit of a gray area.  You have brown dwarfs which straddle the area between really big gas giants and really little stars:

Brown dwarfs are substellar objects too low in mass to sustain hydrogen-1 fusion reactions in their cores, unlike main-sequence stars. They occupy the mass range between the heaviest gas giants and the lightest stars, with an upper limit around 75[1] to 80 Jupiter masses (MJ). Brown dwarfs heavier than about 13 MJ are thought to fuse deuterium and those above ~65 MJ, fuse lithium as well.[2] Brown dwarfs may be fully convective, with no layers or chemical differentiation by depth.[3]  [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brown_dwarf)

 




 The universe is usually viewed as finite in size but unbounded.

It is akin to walking on the surface of the earth.  It is obviously finite in size but you could walk forever and never find an "edge" or "wall" or "end" to it.  The universe would work in similar fashion.  You could travel as long as you like but will never find an end to it.

Interestingly though, even if you viewed the universe as a 3D bubble with a finite volume and an "end" to it you still could not reach it.  Space is expanding faster than the speed of light at the furthest reaches.  You couldn't catch it if you tried (although to be clear there is nothing to catch anyway).

 




 Not even close.  It would be smaller than our moon.

About 220 of them are larger than 100 km.

The biggest asteroid belt member, and the only dwarf planet found there, is Ceres, which is about 1000 km across.

The total mass of the Asteroid belt is estimated to be 3.0 to 3.610^21 kilograms, which is 4 percent of the Earth's Moon.

Of that total mass, one third is accounted for by Ceres alone. [SOURCE](http://www.sciencedaily.com/articles/a/asteroid_belt.htm)

In fact the usual pictures we see of asteroid belts as a crowded place is wrong, at least for ours.  It is pretty sparse and chances are you could fly right through it without hitting anything.

 




 This is akin to (and worse than) where I live in Illinois.

In Illinois most types of fireworks are illegal.  *Right* across the border in Indiana is a HUGE fireworks store.  Around the 4th of July Illinois state troopers will sit on the Illinois side of the border and watch with binoculars people leaving the fireworks store.  If they enter Illinois they call in police to go get them.

Been going on for ages.  Hell, cigarette taxes in Illinois are pretty high (especially in Chicago).  Lots of people drive to Indiana to get smokes.

Back in the day Wisconsin had a drinking age of 18 while Illinois was 21.  Lots and lots of 18 year olds would zoom up to Wisconsin for booze.

Shit like this has been happening between states since there were states.
 




 There really is no such thing as artificial gravity.

The only way you can simulate gravity is via acceleration (e.g. your rotating cylinder).  According to Einstein when it comes to gravity there is only mass or acceleration (via the [Equivalence Principle](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equivalence_principle) which basically says an accelerating frame of reference can be indistinguishable from gravity).
 




  The equator thing is quite misleading. 

What part of "The rockets gain the angular momentum from the earth's spinning..." is misleading?  Never said they were lighter. 




 Indeed it does.  You are lighter because the planet rotates.  To be fair though it is not a big difference.  You'd weigh about [99.7% of what you do at the equator as you would at the poles.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gravity_of_Earth#Latitude)

This is also why they like to launch rockets as close to the equator as possible (in the case of the US they do it in Florida which is as far south in the US you can get except for Hawaii).  France launches from French Guiana and some proposed a floating launch pad that would sit on the equator for launches.  The rockets gain the angular momentum from the earth's spinning which means less fuel needed to achieve orbit. 




 Interesting.

One would suppose the HARMs were effective otherwise they would not scare radar operators into turning off their radars.  I think it is safe to assume enough found their targets to make them a credible threat. 




 The way to avoid them is killing them.  Been doing it since Vietnam.  Send in the [Wild Weasels](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wild_Weasel).  As soon as an enemy turns on an air search radar they launch radar homing missiles.  IIRC in Desert Storm the Iraqi AAA guys got to the point they refused to turn on their radar making their AAA pretty much useless.
 




 This is undoubtedly something that can be calculated and indeed even measured with current instruments.  

Scientists now have a clock so sensitive that if there were two of them they'd never agree.  Differences in height of a few centimeters are detectable:

That is a sliver of a second. But this isn't some effect of gravity on the clock's machinery. Time itself is flowing more quickly on the wall than on the floor. These differences didn't really matter until now. But this new clock is so sensitive, little changes in height throw it way off. Lift it just a couple of centimeters, Ye says, "and you will start to see that difference." [SOURCE](http://www.npr.org/2014/11/03/361069820/new-clock-may-end-time-as-we-know-it)
 




 To add to this it is important to note that this has to happen.

In any given volume of particles the particles will be moving randomly in different directions and at different speeds.  However, if you add them all up some cancel and some add to each other, you will find there is a net movement in some given direction.  The law of conservation of angular momentum makes the object spin.  As the object coalesces (gets smaller) it spins faster.  Same thing happens when an ice skater spins and pulls their arms in (they spin faster). 




 And they don't fart -- they poot. 




 Interesting.

My conspiracy theory is Clinton has paid her off* in some fashion to keep her out.  Clinton does not want a repeat of 2008 and Warren would be foolish to just bow out and get nothing for it.

And no, Warren would have FAR more power as president than she would as 1 of 100 senators.

*In a legal fashion...promise her a cabinet position or something.

EDIT to add: I REALLY hope Warren was not offered a VP position under Clinton.  That would truly make Warren near powerless.
 




 I really wish Warren would run.  I think the process (i.e. Democratic primary) will benefit by having those two duke it out.
 









 History is littered with examples of, "What the hell is this good for?"  Then, somewhere down the road, it became indispensable.  

It may be that this never amounts to anything.  Or then it might see some unforseen future use.  Or it may be that the science and techniques for this become useful in some other fashion.

Who knows?

We do have a lot of evidence from the past that seemingly useless pursuits became hugely profitable.  Then again some are dead ends.  Overall it is well worth the effort as even failures and dead ends educate us.
 




 NYPD is a registered trademark?  Seriously?
 




 Just to be Devil's Advocate (I am personally on the fence thinking about this):

Is there no line where you'd say the game has gone too far?  Would you be ok with a game where the protagonist is a pedophile and the game has you working to lure kids to your house so you can rape them?

Is that a bridge too far?  Why or why not?  Would you see people who play it as morally reprehensible?  If so  then you are merely arguing a matter of degree which will, of course, be different for different people.
 




  On the other side, gun control is very important to her liberal base so why should she avoid it? 

Because by itself it would be the single defining fight a president might tackle.  There is no way she can do meaningful Wall Street reform and meaningful gun control reform at the same time and she is making her name crusading against banks and not guns manufacturers.  More, gun control has the 2nd Amendment and the SCOTUS on its side.  It really is a non-starter.  Meaningful gun control reform will take decades if it ever even starts.

Of course Wall Street and its cronies will scare people like this guy that she is coming for their guns.  Anything to get them to pull the lever for their guy.  They did it for Obama and there was lots of fear that Obama was coming for the guns (look at gun sales which spiked after he was elected).  

Did Obama do shit about guns?  

Nope.
 




 On the upside there is no real downside to psilocybin mushrooms beyond tripping for a few hours.  For some tripping may suck but then many find it fun (indeed it is considered a recreational drug).  

This of course assumes you have actual psilocybin mushrooms and not some variant mushroom that is actually poisonous or that the psilocybin mushrooms are old and moldy (which again can be poisonous).  

Plenty of information about it on the internet.

Here is a link to bit on how the shrooms work for a person who suffers cluster headaches: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFuL7pcShDk

The way the sufferer described it in the video was, despite being illegal and the tripping part, it was that or suicide for him.

Standard waiver:  I am not a doctor nor am I advocating doing illegal things.  Your and her choices are your own.
 




 Wing Commander 3 (I feel so old in this thread).
 




 I am willing to bet whoever the republican candidate is they will not be on board with marijuana legalization either.  They will certainly be supportive of gun rights but for all the belly aching about that under Obama he has never touched it (beyond re-signing the assault weapons ban) and the gun rights community got some important decisions their way in the Supreme Court.

In short, I am willing to bet Warren (if she became president) would not even touch gun rights.  She is and has been a reformer of Wall Street first and foremost as should be obvious.  That fight will take all the political capital she can muster and then some.  I'd be willing to bet you she wouldn't touch gun laws and *even if she did* with current SCOTUS decisions I am not sure what you think she could do beyond what has already been done.

Given that you might consider some other issues as important and worth figuring in to your decision of who to vote for.
 




  You aren't allowed to protect yourself any longer.

Well that's just not true:

In Congressional testimony, Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor claimed she couldn't think of a self-defense case having come before the Supreme Court, adding, "I could be wrong, but I can't think of one." Independent research shows that fourteen separate Supreme Court cases, from 1895 to 1985, addressed every basic aspect of personal self defense. All of them held that self defense is a valid, justifiable and long-standing tenet of American law. [SOURCE](http://www.gunlaws.com/SotomayerSelfDefenseError.htm)
 




 I never found anything on the war table pressing so I did short-timed stuff while playing and then set the longer stuff to run while I slept or went to work or whatever.  Was done when I next started the game. 




 Came here looking for this:

Obligatory link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DIETlxquzY 




  Torture is not useless at getting intelligence.

Torture is ineffective at getting *useful* intelligence.  That is not the same as "useless" but near enough for practical purposes.

Thing is the CIA already knew this from prior goes at torturing people [SOURCE](http://www.nbcnews.com/video/rachel-maddow/56587686#56587686).

Napoleon knew it.  [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Torture#Early_modern_period)

The Germans in WWII knew it. [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanns_Scharff)

We knew it from experience in Vietnam. [SOURCE](http://www.nbcnews.com/id/9958544/#.VIaIvslNfPs)

We know it from experience in Iraq. [SOURCE](http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2007/02/19/whatever-it-takes?currentPage=all)

We have studied it since and figured it out again. [SOURCE](http://www.azcentral.com/news/articles/2009/04/21/20090421analysis-memos0421-ON.html)

This is not to say someone being tortured never gives true information.  Just that getting *useful* intelligence via torture is nearly always the worst way to go about it (and you can't tell when it might have been "better").

Torture's main purpose is to either threaten your populace (e.g. a dictator trying to cow the populace) and/or to extract false confessions/testimony. 




  What the FUCK is wrong with that country 

I came here to post *exactly* this.  

Reminds me of why I like Reddit (great minds and all that). 




  So does it work or not? Does it work just a little bit? Maybe it doesn't produce enough useful information to justify the moral cost?
 
 
 
 Thats the rub - I think. The value that it could provide doesn't outweigh the ethical and moral costs.
 
 
 
 But there is practical value, especially if you consider it in cold, cost-benefit terms. After all, all you need is a guy and a scalpel or a cheap car battery. And in return you get data. And data is useful. 

Bad data is not useful.  It can cause you to expend resources needed elsewhere.  In war that can be disastrous.

It is not as simple to verify false positives as you might think.

Torture as a means of gaining *useful* intelligence is a non-starter.  Doesn't work. 




 Some will argue it is the lesser of two evils.  Would torturing someone to stop the 9/11 attacks be justified to save 2000 lives?  It can be reasonably argued that this would be justifiable.  The folk who want to torture can live comfortably in these morally gray areas.

But if you point out that torture doesn't work then they've got nothing.  You no longer need a moral argument.
 




 The photo was taken in 1977.  That story from then is now a movie. 




 We only have your assertions that the sources are bad and nothing addressing what was actually said.

 And since you seem fond of using logical fallacies, heres one for you: Appeal to a false authority. 

Who is a false authority?  Napoleon Bonaparte?  Hanns Scharff who the Nazis called their "master interrogator"?  Jack Jacobs, Retired Army Colonel, Medal of Honor Recipient for actions in Vietnam plus 2 Silver Stars, 3 Bronze Stars and 2 Purple Hearts?  A group of scientists tasked with studying this very thing?

Yeah...none of those people have a fucking clue about this stuff..._ 




 If someone says, "The sun rises in the east," and I source www.satan.666 are they wrong because they are not a reliable source?

This is why you address the argument and not who said it.

 




 You have not pointed out any flaws. All you did was engage in an ad hominem attack. 

If you think those sources are lying or in error then prove it. 

Otherwise you've got nothing.  




 Yeah, morality doesn't figure into it at all.  Is connecting a car battery to some guy's scrotum immoral if it means you save 100 of your guys from an ambush?

I dunno...it is a helluva thing to have to make those calls but I am thinking in war the niceties go out the window real fast. 

Thing is when it comes to gaining intelligence to save those 100 guys it turns out torture is a really bad way to go.  

In Iraq, I never saw pain produce intelligence, Lagouranis told me. I worked with someone who used waterboardingan interrogation method involving the repeated near-drowning of a suspect. I used severe hypothermia, dogs, and sleep deprivation. I saw suspects after soldiers had gone into their homes and broken their bones, or made them sit on a Humvees hot exhaust pipes until they got third-degree burns. Nothing happened. Some people, he said, gave confessions. But they just told us what we already knew. It never opened up a stream of new information. If anything, he said, physical pain can strengthen the resolve to clam up.  [SOURCE](http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2007/02/19/whatever-it-takes?currentPage=all)
 




 To be fair the Nazis DID torture people...a lot of people.  They just knew that if you wanted useful intelligence from someone you captured then torture was far from ideal. 




 The Senate report confirms it doesnt work. As those of us on the inside knew.

Many on the outside knew it too.  It is no secret that torture does not work as a means to gain intelligence.

Napoleon fucking knew it and you can be sure if setting some guy's nuts on fire served his purpose he'd have done it:

The barbarous custom of whipping men suspected of having important secrets to reveal must be abolished. It has always been recognized that this method of interrogation, by putting men to the torture, is useless. The wretches say whatever comes into their heads and whatever they think one wants to believe. Consequently, the Commander-in-Chief forbids the use of a method which is contrary to reason and humanity. [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Torture#Early_modern_period)

The Germans in WWII knew it and then advised Americans on it:  

Hanns-Joachim Gottlob Scharff (December 16, 1907  September 10, 1992) was a German Luftwaffe interrogator during the Second World War. He has been called the "Master Interrogator" of the Luftwaffe and possibly all of Nazi Germany; he has also been praised for his contribution in shaping U.S. interrogation techniques after the war. A mere Obergefreiter (the equivalent of a senior lance corporal), he was charged with interrogating German-captured American fighter pilots during the war after he became an interrogation officer in 1943. He has been highly praised for the success of his techniques, in particular because he never used physical means to obtain the required information. Scharffs interrogation techniques were so effective that he was occasionally called upon to assist other German interrogators in their questioning of bomber pilots and aircrews, including those crews and fighter pilots from countries other than the United States. [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanns_Scharff)

The US knew it in Vietnam:

"At the end of the day, it's very easy to distinguish between the right thing and the wrong thing to do. If you do the wrong thing, you're not going to get any positive payoff from it and it's going to be of at some great cost," Jacobs said. "We get much more information if we treat people properly."

snip

"You need to be aggressive to get the information you want, but if you treat people inhumanely, they're just going to tell you what they think you want to hear," he said. "They'll do anything just to get the mistreatment to stop, so you get nothing from mistreatment."

Speaking of his experiences, Jacobs said he has had the best success by being decent to people.

 snip

"When I was in Vietnam, we were given the most intelligence, the best intelligence and had the most success with captors if we gave them cigarettes, medical care, food (and) water. Almost always, you get the best success from treating people properly," Jacobs said. [SOURCE:  Jack Jacobs, Retired Army Colonel, Medal of Honor Recipient for actions in Vietnam plus 2 Silver Stars, 3 Bronze Stars and 2 Purple Hearts](http://www.nbcnews.com/id/9958544/#.VIaIvslNfPs)

Americans figured it out again:

In 2006, a group of scientists and retired intelligence officers set out to settle the matter. They sought to find the most effective interrogation tactics and advise the U.S. government on their use. Their conclusions, laid out in a 372-page report for the director of national intelligence, argued against harsh interrogation.

"The scientific community has never established that coercive interrogation methods are an effective means of obtaining reliable intelligence information," retired Air Force Col. Steven M. Kleinman, a former military-interrogation instructor, wrote in the Intelligence Science Board report. "In essence, there seems to be an unsubstantiated assumption that compliance' carries the same connotation as meaningful cooperation."

In short: Slam someone up against the wall, keep him awake for days, lock him naked in a cell and slap his face enough, and he will probably say something. That doesn't necessarily make it true.  [SOURCE](http://www.azcentral.com/news/articles/2009/04/21/20090421analysis-memos0421-ON.html)

There is more...not sure how much they need.  People need to stop watching "24" thinking that is how things should be done when you want to get intelligence.

The ONLY reason to torture is to terrorize others ala Saddam Hussein in order to maintain control via fear.

EDIT to add:  I forgot this great quote by Jesse Ventura (yeah...the former wrestler who was also a governor of Minnesota and, most importantly for this, a Navy Seal which includes SERE training so he has been waterboarded himself and has a clue about this):

...you give me a water board, Dick Cheney and one hour, and Ill have him confess to the Sharon Tate murders.
[SOURCE](http://thinkprogress.org/politics/2009/05/12/39921/ventura-cheney-torture/)

EDIT2:  Thanks for the gold!  Makes me happier than I thought it would. 
 




 Nope.  The reverse of a black hole is a [white hole](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_hole) (really).  They are hypothetical.  We have never seen one (you'd think they'd stand out if they did exist).

Edit:  Spelling 




 1) It was by Bungie but people didn't realize that Bungie is just a name now and that most of the original people who made that development studio great are now gone.

2) If you own a next-gen console you have probably been praying for a blockbuster title to hit.  This was supposed to be it.  Even today, a year after the new consoles have been released, I cannot find enough good games for either the PS4 or XBox One to be worth a $400 purchase (not including the cost of the game(s) or signing up for their service).
 




 [Composite image of every Saturn V launch.](http://vintagespace.files.wordpress.com/2011/04/saturn-v-launches.jpg)

Apollo 5 and Apollo 7 were launched on the slightly smaller Saturn IVB launch vehicle. 




 Not sure but guessing a big ass anaconda snake.
 




 The best thing EVAR!! (Till she discovers your bed.)  




  You have to go with general relativity, which will tell you that within the event horizon, all paths lead towards the centre, and moving away from it is equivalent to going backwards in time. 

Which is really interesting when you think about it.

If we went in a black hole and I asked you to point to the outside of the black hole it is not like being inside a bubble and pointing to the outside.  You can't do it.  Asking you to do that is like asking you to point the way to last Tuesday because, literally, that is the direction out of the black hole ([timelike and spacelike dimensions get interchanged inside a black hole](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Penrose_diagram#Black_holes)). 




 For us humans the issue is rockets which are fundamentally limited by the [tyrrany of the rocket equation.](http://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/expeditions/expedition30/tryanny.html)  Short version is the more you want to change your speed the more fuel you need and the fuel requirement goes up exponentially.

So, you need enough fuel to get off the earth and on the way to Mars.  Then you need enough fuel to slow down once you reach Mars.  Then enough to come back to earth and enough to slow down again once you reach earth.

And the faster you want to do all that makes the problem even that much more intractable.  You end up toting along so much fuel it becomes absurd and hugely impractical.

There are ways to minimize the problem above (e.g. launch from earth orbit, send fuel ahead in separate rocket ships and refuel along the way, gravity assists and so on).  Still, the problem is complex and just throwing bigger rockets and more fuel at the problem really doesn't get you anywhere (you get diminishing returns for each kilo of fuel you load aboard).

Relativistic effects come nowhere near being an issue for this.  This is all far, far too slow to worry about that.

EDIT:  XKCD explains some of these issues here: https://what-if.xkcd.com/38/
 




 There is something called the [photon sphere](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Photon_sphere) outside of a black hole.  Basically it is the place where in order to stay in orbit around the black hole you have to travel at light speed (so, basically, light orbits the black hole).

At any distance beyond that there are orbits that could be achieved same as anywhere else in the universe.  If our sun magically converted into a black hole the earth would orbit it same as it is now.

Here is an animation of [stars orbiting our galaxy's central black hole](http://astro.uchicago.edu/cosmus/projects/UCLA_GCG/UCLA_GCG_2000.gif) (that is from real data collected).

 




 You could continuously accelerate assuming you had an infinite amount of fuel.  However:

- You can never reach the speed of light...just get arbitrarily close to it.

- Fuel has mass so the more fuel you have the harder you are to accelerate.  There is a tradeoff here and eventually your fuel will mass more than your engines can push.  See: [The Tyranny of the Rocket Equation](http://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/expeditions/expedition30/tryanny.html) 




 The increase in mass is a bit misleading here.

There are two types of mass scientists use.  Your rest mass (or invariant mass) and your relativistic mass.

How much you weigh never changes.

Your relativistic mass can be thought of as how hard it is to push you to move you.  The faster you go the harder it is to push you.  You can never reach the speed of light because it would require infinite energy to push you that fast.

The increase in relativistic mass happens at any speed.  However, the effect is exceptionally small till you get very close to the speed of light. At around 90% the speed of light your relativistic mass is about 2.3 times as your "not moving" mass (realize you are never "not moving"...all about reference frames).  As you can see that is a looong way from infinite you get to at 100% so the effect increases dramatically right near the end.  At the relatively (see what I did there :) ) slow speeds of planets and our rockets the effect is so negligible that it can be ignored for all practical purposes.

 




 Actually those statistics don't seem all that bad.  One death is one too many and I am not making light of those who have lost their life in the line of duty.  But as jobs go being a police officer is not even in the top-10 list of most dangerous jobs in America:

1. Logging workers
2. Fishers and related fishing workers
3. Aircraft pilot and flight engineers
4. Roofers
5. Structural iron and steel workers
6. Refuse and recyclable material collectors
7. Electrical power-line installers and repairers
8. Drivers/sales workers and truck drivers
9. Farmers, ranchers, and other agricultural managers
10. Construction laborers

[SOURCE](http://www.forbes.com/sites/jacquelynsmith/2013/08/22/americas-10-deadliest-jobs-2/) 




 FTR I did not write this.  Just passing it along. 









 This tank would be classified as a "light tank" at around 33 tons.  The T-90 is more a main battle tank and would probably fall into the medium tank category at around 47 tons.  For comparison the M1A1 Abrams comes in around 63 tons.
 




 What is wrong with using Steam for mods? [real question] 




 Is it just me or do the zombies here just not seem all that threatening?

They are slow zombies...very slow.  Add to that insanely dumb.  All well and good zombie behavior but seems avoiding them is pretty easy.  Just climb on stuff and you're fine.  If you have to run on the ground no biggie either...you can run right by them and they barely start to turn towards you before you're long gone.

Of course that boss guy at the end is bound to be a challenge but otherwise avoiding the zombies seems downright trivial and the occasional need to bash one seems like no fuss either.

I am missing the part where you are supposed to be really worried while running around???
 




 IIRC The Witcher and/or The Witcher 2 were among the most pirated games ever and came with no DRM.  I do not recall them being problematic games.
 




 I'd be really curious to see an analysis of how much more money the company makes while the game is "uncrackable" and paying someone however much it costs to make the DRM.

I suspect there are only a relative few who will buy the game in the first few days *only* because there is not a crack available.

There have been many analysis of piracy and its costs and IIRC the cost is negligible to the game companies.  Most people who pirate weren't going to buy the game no matter what.  I'd be surprised if the cost of paying the DRM producers is ever offset by an increase in sales.

I think the real issue is the executives of the company know DRM is nearly worthless but must do so to look good for the investors.
 




 I reject your two options and go with option #3.
 




 Hate to say it but that is not a sad cat face...that is a pissed off or frightened cat face. 

- Pupils dilated
- Ears flat and sideways

That is cat language for irritable or frightened and getting ready for aggression.  I even looked it up since I expect a lot of people to not believe it: [SOURCE](http://www.humanesociety.org/animals/cats/tips/cat_communication.html)
 




 Dogs are social animals.  They have a pack mentality.  When a baby is born to the pack they instinctively want to protect it as a new member of the pack.  




 Game of Thrones 




 Lower tolerance depends.  I can probably drink most 20-somethings under the table BUT I don't do shots or play drinking games anymore.  I know myself and my limits pretty well and can pace myself easily through a night of drinking.  I get and maintain a happy buzz without getting shitfaced (usually...still manage to overdo it occasionally).

What has definitely changed is recovery time.  In my 20's I could stay out till three, get up at six, go to work then go out again that night.

No more.  No way, no how.  Midnight is pushing it for me except for special occasions and recovery time is way longer.  I will be dragging ass big time the following day and don't really get all the way back to normal till 2-3 days later.

On the upside I cannot remember the last time I had a hangover (see the part above about pacing). 




 Drivers are insured.

When they have a customer Uber insurance is in effect.

When there is no passenger the driver's insurance is in effect (and must comply with whatever state law is about driver insurance).

Also, all their drivers undergo a [background check](http://blog.uber.com/driverscreening).
 




 This quote sums him up well for me.  The man was a mad genius.

*The trunk of the car looked like a mobile police narcotics lab. We had two bags of grass, seventy-five pellets of mescaline, five sheets of high-powered blotter acid, a salt shaker half full of cocaine, and a whole galaxy of multi-colored uppers, downers, screamers, laughers . . . and also a quart of tequila, a quart of rum, a case of Budweiser, a pint of raw ether and two dozen amyls . . . Not that we needed all that for the trip, but once you get locked into a serious drug collection, the tendency is to push it as far as you can. The only thing that really worried me was the ether. There is nothing in the world more helpless and irresponsible and depraved than a man in the depths of an ether binge. And I knew we'd get into that rotten stuff pretty soon.* ~ Hunter S. Thompson 




 The one bird went down hard but the second did a lot of flapping around.  Can that all be just muscle spasms?  Seems to me there was still some connection between brain and the rest of the bird telling it to "escape". Dunno though so really asking.
 




 He is in a blind he built (think of it like a tent he carried in there).  You can see it at 11:18 in the video.  The turkeys just walked right in front of it.

EDIT:  Why is this downvoted? 




  The trade off is that the American stealth jets, particularly the F-35, aren't as good ar close range dogfighting than non-stealth counterparts like the nimble Eurofighter.

Nah...the F-22 is freaking lethal in close combat.  Not so sure about the F-35 which is far less stealthy (good stealth head on, less so from the sides and even less from the back).

When the Raptor finds itself in a dogfight, it is no longer beyond visual range, but the advantage of stealth isn't diminished. It maintains "high ground" even at close range.

*"I can't see the [expletive deleted] thing," said RAAF Squadron Leader Stephen Chappell, exchange F-15 pilot in the 65th Aggressor Squadron. "It won't let me put a weapons system on it, even when I can see it visually through the canopy. [Flying against the F-22] annoys the hell out of me."*

Lt. Col. Larry Bruce, 65th AS commander, admits flying against the Raptor is a very frustrating experience. Reluctantly, he admitted "it's humbling to fly against the F-22," - humbling, not only because of its stealth, but also its unmatched maneuverability and power. [SOURCE](http://web.archive.org/web/20130126054056/http://www.acc.af.mil/news/story.asp?id=123041831)

It has a [30:1 kill ratio](http://www.flightglobal.com/blogs/the-dewline/2012/02/top-usaf-general-explains-exac/) in mock dog fights (like Red Flag exercises).  It is not invulnerable but you probably do not want to get into a real fight with one.

Also remember that this radar the Chinese are building is land based.  That's all well and good but the radars aboard their planes still can't see the F-22 very well.  So if this land based radar works the Chinese could probably vector fighters in for an intercept and the F-22 would probably just shoot them all down as they got close.  There is a big difference between putting a pilot within a few miles of an enemy plane and that plane engaging effectively.
 




 No. I seriously do not think he was thinking "Woo hoo! Free vacation!" 

That said there is nothing in his head to put a check on his actions. The rest of us worry about consequences. The police have almost none. 

Couple that with the power they wield and you have a recipe for real problems.  




 You're right.

On the flip side you have a perverse incentive to shoot someone.  Paid vacation time that doesn't even count as a vacation (you still get your vacation time).  

How do you solve this? [Serious question]

Make a claw-back provision that you get paid while under investigation but if you are found guilty they get their money back?  I dunno...

EDIT:  Spelling 









 Nah...HSBC got fined nearly $2 billion.  If they weren't at fault there'd be no fine.  Indeed they committed outright felonies that were on the books.  Hell, they admitted to it.

The real reason for no criminal prosecutions was because is they are [too big to jail](http://money.cnn.com/2012/12/12/news/companies/hsbc-money-laundering/). 

Yay justice! 




 If you want to discuss the merits (or lack of) the grand jury system that is a discussion for another place (and one well worth having).

The issue here is it is the job of the prosecutor to get an indictment.  Something they do with such overwhelming regularity as to make a farce of the grand jury system.

Now it is you and others who want to get all pious and say he did it right here and this is the way it always should be.

Again I will remind you the grand jury is not a fact finder.  That is a job for the trial court.  The prosecutor failed to obtain an indictment when it would have been trivially easy for him to get one (as he does in all other cases).

We've had other places where prosecutors conveniently decide for us such as (for instance) no criminal charges against people at HSBC for laundering multi-millions in drug money and terrorist money.  Or the flip side where a prosecutor hounded Aaron Schwartz to suicide despite all parties in the case not wanting to prosecute.

But hey...this time don't worry...the prosecutor is a good guy. 




 It is NOT obvious.  It is anything but obvious (read the article you linked to...there is eyewitness testimony that suggests otherwise).  THAT is why we are supposed to have trials so we can find the truth.

But that didn't happen here.   




 That's where you're wrong.

Remember the prosecutor is the ONLY one who brings evidence to a grand jury and they need not bring exculpatory evidence.  All he has to show is there is a genuine question at hand for the courts to decide.  This is why there is the saying they can indict a ham sandwich if they wanted to.

As the article you linked to showed there is no shortage of conflicting evidence.  It would have been trivial to get an indictment here and him releasing all that evidence to the grand jury was just muddying the water.

The grand jury is NOT a fact finder.  That is the job for a regular trial.  One that will not happen now.

So yeah...prosecutor shit canned his own trial.
 




 in a high profile situation like this, the prosecutors didn't really have much of a choice about if they wanted to seek an indictment or not, and the facts didn't matter. regardless of what the situation was, an indictment was going to be sought, simply because the case had become a media circus.

So you're saying the prosecutor decided he didn't want to prosecute this case but felt compelled to so he intentionally ruined the grand jury trial?

I can go with that.  I think that is the sense most people have of it today. 




  your chart is also irrelevant, because he wasn't being judged by a federal grand jury.

It is not completely irrelevant since it shows how these things tend to roll.  State courts may be different but you would not expect them to be all that different:

Wilsons case was heard in state court, not federal, so the numbers arent directly comparable. Unlike in federal court, most states, including Missouri, allow prosecutors to bring charges via a preliminary hearing in front of a judge instead of through a grand jury indictment. That means many routine cases never go before a grand jury. Still, legal experts agree that, at any level, it is extremely rare for prosecutors to fail to win an indictment.

If the prosecutor wants an indictment and doesnt get one, something has gone horribly wrong, said Andrew D. Leipold, a University of Illinois law professor who has written critically about grand juries. It just doesnt happen. [SOURCE](http://fivethirtyeight.com/datalab/ferguson-michael-brown-indictment-darren-wilson/)
 




 It is the prosecutor's job to get an indictment.  Full stop.

All they need to show is probable cause for a trial.  A very, very low bar to get over.

The prosecutor is under no obligation to put any and ALL evidence up for the grand jury.  The prosecutor controls what the grand jury sees.  They can and do routinely only put up evidence that supports the case for a trial.  That they put up so much evidence in this case is telling.

The grand jury is not a fact finding body.  They ONLY determine if a trial is merited and as has been noted it is trivially easy to get indictments.

This easily should have resulted in an indictment and then it would have gone to a trial where the facts would be hammered out.  This grand jury prevented that from happening.
 




 Everyone remember Total War: Rome II.

If you pre-order this game you're a bigger fool than I am and that's saying something.

Never again Creative Assembly...never, ever again...

(Not saying don't buy it...saying wait till release and give it a week to see how it shapes up...well, well worth the wait from past experience.) 




 [SOURCE](https://www.nycourts.gov/history/legal-history-new-york/luminaries-court-appeals/wachtler-sol.html):

Judge Wachtler was well aware that one weed can often cast a shadow over acres of fecund crops. When he was an Associate Judge, he had given a speech in which he stated that any prosecutor who wanted to could get a Grand Jury to indict a ham sandwich. The statement became so much a part of the American lexicon that Tom Wolfe quoted the statement and its author in his best-selling book, The Bonfire of The Vanities. 




 Not me.  I have seen this happen.

A woman called support saying her monitor (a CRT) was messed up.  I went to check and the screen was all wavy.  I noticed next to her monitor she had a small fan (a lot smaller than the one in the OP).  I turned the fan off and the monitor stopped being all wavy.

She complained that it could not possibly be the fan.  So I turned the fan on and physically moved it away from the monitor and back again.  Waviness stopped, waviness started again...repeat that a few times.

She told me, "But I need my fan!"  I shrugged and told her she now knew what the problem was and the solution.  If she preferred the fan enough to deal with the wavy monitor that was her call.

It does not matter if the hard drive has more powerful magnets.  The issue is spinning the disk platters in a magnetic field.  If that field is strong enough it can start flipping bits on the disk platters which will introduce errors over time.

I *do not* know if that motor puts out a magnetic field sufficient to do this but I do know there is one and it is noticeable.  I'd say running the laptop near an unshielded motor like that is a legitimate worry.  It can also potentially induce current in wires nearby which would also be a problem. 




 The first thing to remember is the speed of light will be measured as the *same speed* no matter how fast you are moving.

This is counter-intuitive.  If you are standing next to a railroad and a train goes by at 50mph it zooms by but if you are driving next to the train at 45mph you will measure the train's speed (relative to you) as 5mph.

Not so for light.  No matter how fast you go you will *always* measure the speed of light at around 300,000km/s.

So now you have a problem.  If you are on your spaceship going 50% the speed of light and measure the same speed as I do standing still how can we reconcile that?

Well, speed is Distance/Time.  So, miles per hour or kilometers per second or whatever you are using to measure those.

Think of the train example again.  If you are in the car going 45mph you would say the train is going 5mph (relative to you).  BUT in this case let's pretend the train is light and we BOTH measure its speed at 50mph.  The only way to make your measurement agree with mine is to adjust the rate your clock ticks at (and in the case of relativity length gets contracted too but we'll ignore that part for now).

The only way to stretch out what you *think* should be a measured speed of 5mph to 50mph is to slow your clock down.  The longer it takes between ticks the faster whatever you are measuring will seem to be.  

It is worth noting the clock only seems to move more slowly for someone not moving looking at someone who is moving.  To the person moving everything will seem normal. 




 Fascinating stuff.  Should be required listening for everyone. 




 Let's say you have a lemonade stand selling lemonade to passersby.  Your stand is doing good business and you want to expand your operations but you do not have enough money to buy all the stands you want.  So you offer to sell people an interest in your company.

Let's say you create 1,000 shares of stock and give yourself 500 of them (so you retain 50% ownership of your company).  You sell the other 500 shares.  These shares are sold on a stock market.  The stock market acts as a price discovery mechanism.  Potential investors look at your company and decide what 1/1000 of your company is worth (the share price for each share).

When all is said and done you will own 50% of your company and investors will own the other 50% of your company. 




 Nothing in particular.  We have planes that do this and of course the Space Shuttle and ISS do this.  

Remember the speed the earth is spinning at is different at different latitudes with it being fastest at the equator and slower the further you get away from the equator.  At the poles you could walk faster than the earth spins.

 




 It has been shown again and again that ownership rates have no effect on violent crime rates.

Well, a quick Google search shows there are studies that disagree:

Given those flaws in the studies showing no effect, the Leigh and Neill study appears the most reliable of the ones conducted. It seems reasonably clear, then, that the gun buyback led to a large decline in suicides, and weaker but real evidence that it reduced homicides as well. [SOURCE](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2012/08/02/did-gun-control-work-in-australia/)
 




 It has been shown again and again that ownership rates have no effect on violent crime rates.

What about violent crime outcomes?  I.e. How many deaths, how many hospitalizations, how many "successful crimes" (e.g. the perp got away with the purse) and so on. 

(Serious question)
 




 I just broke...or perhaps modified is more accurate...my personal policy on no pre-orders by pre-ordering Dragon Age: Inquisition.  I reasoned that in this particular case the game has been out for review for a week already, game reviews were all very positive (from sources I trust) AND that Origin has a return policy that lets me return the game up to 24 hours after I first start playing it.

The only other game I might break my rule on is The Witcher 3 because CD Projekt Red has earned my trust and if I can reward them for it in some small way I am happy to do so.

Without a return policy like Origin though I will pretty much never pre-order on Steam again (I'm looking at you Total War: Rome II).
 




 He said "food trough wiper"?

Holy shit...been forever and I though it was "fruit drop of water".

Yeah...didn't make sense to me either.

I feel like a lifelong mystery has been revealed to me.  

Thanks! (really) 




 They tried the same thing with Vista and it didn't work.

I stuck with XP, along with a jillion other folks, and ignored Vista and DX-10 (11?) with no problem.  Some few games had neat extra features but wasn't enough to move anyone.  Windows 7 made the move worthwhile.

I am NOT saying Windows 10 is good or bad (no one can say yet).  I am merely saying their bullshit strong-arming people to adopt the new system won't work.  If Windows 10 is better people will move.  If not they won't.  DX-12 won't really decide it and game developers will make their games for what the majority of people have.
 




  I'm not saying that they can't be susceptible to mental health issues but narcissism for the average person and narcissism for celebrity just cannot be held in the same light. Nobody is going to celebrate you but you at the end of the day.

Huh?

You just gave a laundry list of the accolades West has received.  He has received tons of recognition from his peers and fills arenas with tens of thousands of fans, has people like you defending him at all costs and is surrounded by sycophants.

I submit he is quite well celebrated and does not need to pat himself on the back.
 




 Where is it written that good musicians can't have mental problems?

Robin Williams suffered from paranoia and depression.  Kurt Cobain had depression.  Michelangelo [may have been autistic](http://www.webmd.com/mental-health/news/20040526/did-michelangelo-have-autism).  Isaac Newton may have had [bi-polar disorder or been autistic.](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/10/09/isaac-newton-facts-physicist_n_4058836.html)

Great people who contribute a lot can and do have issues.  They are human.  No matter how high a pedestal you want to put them on they are not immune to human shortcomings.

Look up [narcissistic personality disorder](http://psychcentral.com/disorders/narcissistic-personality-disorder-symptoms/) then watch that video of him again or watch him at the VMA awards crashing the stage and ruining Taylor Swift's award moment.  On and on it goes with him. 




 Can you say "narcissist"?

He is seriously one of the best examples of a narcissistic personality disorder I have ever seen.  Not just a little bit but pathological and should seek professional help.  I do not know how others can tolerate being around him even if he is rich. 




 Picture a long, endless dungeon of a room of cubicles in the EA basement.  Programmers are chained to their desks slaving away on the next iteration of micro-transactions.

On the EA floor map they have a box drawn around cubicles 3a, 4a and 5a and call it "Maxis" because those guys are doing work on Maxis-Clone-Game-22.

Calling Maxis a distinct development group is nuts.  They work for EA and their paychecks are signed by EA and they are beholden to whatever insane thing some suit in EA marketing dreams up and I would be surprised if any of the creative talent from Maxis is still there.

Maxis is just a name used for marketing purposes by EA because it still carries some cache with gamers who fondly remember the cool stuff they once did.
 




 Don't forget Bullfrog!  Really miss those guys...
 




 That does not mean the original team is largely or even partially intact.

I recently read that while Bungie exists as its own development studio pretty much none of the original team behind Halo is left.

I *do not know* if this is true of Maxis or not.  I am just pointing out that being a distinct sub-unit within EA producing specific games does not mean much in and of itself.  More like a line item on an EA accountant's books than anything else.
 




 The making of Apocalypse Now was so screwy from start to finish it is almost unbelievable.  Indeed there is a whole documentary on it: [Hearts of Darkness: A Filmaker's Apocalypse](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0102015/) (it's worth watching).  

One of my favorite bits is this:

Sheen then added his own dose of mayhem, a result of the severe alcoholic phase he was going through.

In the opening scenes, Willard has a violent mental breakdown brought on by heavy drinking. Sheen played it with all the stunning realism of a man who was himself out of his head on booze after a 24-hour birthday bender.

He could hardly stand up and when, for the film, he smashed a mirror with his fist, he was so drunk he didn't realise his hand was badly cut and streaming blood. Those on the set with him were on tenterhooks, scared that he was going to take a swing at the director and the camera crew.

Shortly afterwards, Sheen collapsed with a heart attack, though he was just 36 years old, and was found crawling along a road looking for help. The jungle heat may have had something to do with his condition, but his drinking and the fact that he was woefully out of shape for such a demanding role can't have helped.

When Coppola heard the news, he had an epileptic fit of his own. He blamed himself and ordered a news black-out on Sheen's illness.

'Even if he dies, he's not dead until I say so,' he told startled studio bosses back in Hollywood. [SOURCE](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-1233293/The-maddest-movie-Why-Apocalypse-Now-finest-film-modern-times.html) 




 This is a variation on the [Double Slit experiment](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfPeprQ7oGc).  For this the important part to know is when you shoot a particle at the double slits you get an interference pattern behind the double slits BUT you cannot know which slit the particle went through.

If you put some measuring device at the double slits to see which slit the particle went through the interference pattern behind the slits disappears.  In short, the act of observing the system causes the quantum wave function to collapse and it behaves classically.

The quantum eraser experiment is similar to the double slit but it is setup in such a way as to see if it is the act of observing the particle that causes the wave function to collapse.

Basically, instead of watching at the double slit to see which path the particle went through they put a camera behind the double slit to see if a wave or a particle came through.

The weird part is, once again, the wave is there till they look, even *after* the wave has gone through the double slit.  This implies that history is changed.  The particle went through as a wave, was observed after the fact so it reverts to a particle and then re-writes its own history so it was a particle going through the double slit.

Weird stuff.

*""Anyone not shocked by quantum mechanics has not yet understood it."* ~Niels Bohr

 




 What you're forgetting and they are conveniently neglecting is *everyone dies*.  So sure, tobacco harms people but their calculation is suggesting that if you do not smoke you will have no health care costs and that is of course wrong.

According to one study (Banarto, McClellan, Kagy and Garber, 2004), 30% of all Medicare expenditures are attributed to the 5% of beneficiaries that die each year, with 1/3 of that cost occurring in the last month of life.  I know there are other studies out there that say slightly different things, but the reality is simple: we spend an incredible amount of money on that last year and month.  [SOURCE](http://www.forbes.com/sites/michaelbell/2013/01/10/why-5-of-patients-create-50-of-health-care-costs/)

Note that they are not distinguishing WHY these people are sick and dying.  It doesn't matter whether a cigarette caused it or old age caused it.  In the end people die and end of life care is expensive. 
 




 The bullshit of the thing here is smokers pay a sin tax on every pack of cigarettes which can be substantial (in Chicago where I live the tax on a pack of smokes is [$7.42](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2013/10/21/proposed-chicago-cigarette-tax-would-be-highest-rate-in-nation/)).  That is JUST the tax...then add in the actual cost of the pack and profit and so on and you easily hit $12/pack in downtown Chicago.

As if that was not enough we had the states sue the tobacco companies for many, many billions of dollars to cover the cost that smoking cost them via healthcare costs.

Then consider that dying is expensive regardless of why you are dying.  Old people dying of old age shit cost as much as a young smoker dying of lung cancer.

But wait, there's more...smokers die younger so they tend to not collect on Social Security.  All the money they paid in the government keeps.  From the government's perspective, if all they care about is the fiscal bottom line, smokers are fucking awesome!

Bottom line is smokers do not cost society money.  Some do, many don't and when all is said and done it is about a wash.
 




 This seems an unusual post for here but not sure what other subreddit might be more appropriate.

I think it is an interesting question. 





























 Damnit...came in here to be pedantic and was thwarted.

 




 Nope...still no clue but you are right.  I'm not into pop culture at all.  Despite that I am still aware of some of it because it is hard to miss sometimes (ala Katy Perry in the Superbowl or Justin Beiber being made fun of on late night TV or PSY's Gangnam Style or Nicki Minaj's epic booty to name a few).  So I guess it is surprising that as popular as you say this guy is (I believe you...saw the link) he manages to fly under the radar of some people (because some of it, see aforementioned examples, is hard to miss).
 




 I think the courts did care to some extent but gerrymandering became an outgrowth of the civil rights movement.  In order to enfranchise minorities weird districts had to be drawn and was deemed "ok" in the name of civil rights.  All well and good but now we see the unintended but entirely predictable outcome of that.
 




 Yeah, I clicked the link like the OP wanted...still no clue who this "internationally famous" guy is.

Seems like a cool guy though. 




 Certainly bad games have always existed as have short games.

But it remains that the trend is to put less and less in the main game and to sell bits and pieces for extra.  Developers are putting the squeeze on gamers and they will continue as long as they can.  

Game average lengths have been shorter and some say that is a good thing and something gamers actually prefer but where does it end?  How little can the developer sell you at a premium price that you'll still buy?

Evolve has $60 of cosmetic DLC on day one.  That is on top of its $60 asking price.  The Order gives you seven hours or so of gameplay seemingly half of which is unskippable cutscenes and not gameplay and there is no multiplayer or replayability.  They are asking $60 for that.  That is just two examples, there are plenty more.

Surely there is a line drawn somewhere where you would say a company has gone too far and provided too little to be worth it.  Where is that line for you for a $60 game?  How short can something be before you deem it too short for the money?
 




 The problem is the developers have been lowering the bar for a long time.

It's akin to having once gotten a fantastic steak perfectly cooked for $60 but now today you get a Big Mac for $60.  Do some people like Big Macs?  Sure but some are pointing out the diminishing quality you are getting for the same price. 




 This has been tried before.  It *always* fails.

There have been many attempts at this over the years.  Most bogus from the get-go but some few were honest attempts.  Honest attempts from both sides.

The problem is the issues/region is so volatile it takes almost nothing to upset the process...from either side.  It can be a pissed off Israeli, or pissed off Palestinian or any of dozens of countries that have an interest in not seeing peace happen or even a corporation* to toss in an agent provocateur.  Just one fucker with a pistol can fuck it all up.  

It is trivially easy for anyone with a bug up their ass or financial/political interests not served by peace, individual or nation or corporation, to throw a spanner in the works.

Also don't forget that even IF you managed to solve the Israeli/Palestinian issue you still have a Shia/Sunni Muslim issue (brewing civil war).

That region of the world if fucked IMO.  I doubt they can get out of this cycle short of a genocidal war leaving one party standing.

*EDIT:  If you think corporations don't operate on this level consider British Petroleum getting the US to overthrow the elected government in Iran and have a dictator re-installed. 




 "Single true fact"?

Is there a kind of fact that is not true? 




 It may be worth noting here that Reporters Without Borders recently [ranked the US 46th in press freedoms](http://rsf.org/index2014/en-index2014.php) behind (among others) Botswana, Suriname and Romania.  A drop of 14 points from its previous listing. 









 Not sure how Holder will be repairing anything.  He is lighting a fire then stepping out leaving the problem for the next AG to solve.

Real decent of him.
 




 Seven years on and only NOW do they think to prosecute people for the financial crisis?  I wonder what the statute of limitations is on these things. 









 Is there a reason you can't start your own subreddit and apply these ideals? 









 Remember, [the claim is it is actually a 2.5 hour game](http://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/2vybg8/order_1886_playtime_details_from_youtubers_play/) with a lot of unskippable cutscenes (presumably unskippable because if you could it'd be all too painfully obvious there is not a lot of game there).

Now, maybe that 2.5 hours of gameplay is pure awesome.  If that is worth a premium AAA cost of $60 to some here that is their call.  It does not seem to be all that fantastic gameplay wise though as you noted.  

Personally I find this obnoxious and if enough people buy this at that price it just encourages more of the same from developers.  2.5 hours of game and if you want another 2.5 hours they'll sell it to you in a $30 DLC.

I think the real problem is we are 15 months in since the PS4 release and there is still precious little that is really worth playing.  PS4 owners are so hungry for the next thing, the "next gen" killer game, that they'll buy this cuz it looks great and there's not much else.
 




 To every observer all will seem normal to them.  They will perceive the other person's clocks and rulers to be off in a different reference frame. 




 The speed of light will *always* be measured at the same speed regardless of reference frame.  In each reference frame all will seem normal, a second is a second, a meter is a meter.  You only see differences when comparing two reference frames (so your meter looks shorter to mine and so on).
 




 It is worth noting any sufficiently large explosion can create a mushroom cloud.  It is not inherent to nuclear weapons.  It is inherent to really big explosions. 




 Hell, if it is more movie than game watching a Let's Play of it could be sufficient.  




 It is not and never was meant to be the sole source of money for the retired although the reality is it is for a great many people.  It is meant to be supplemental income.  Always has been.  That said if you are destitute then any money is welcome.  It can be the difference between starving and getting a meal at the least. 




 Everyone I know complains about high taxes, and what they'd do with their money.

They may well whine but the fact is they are paying less than they have in the last 30 years.

 Now comes a rare chance to check the facts. And the fact is that federal tax rates had fallen to the lowest in 30 years when President Barack Obama took office  and fell again in his first year in office.

This news comes from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, which just issued the latest update of its invaluable series on Distribution of Household Income and Federal Taxes, this time covering 2008 and 2009. The CBOs statistical series now covers the 30 years since 1979. [SOURCE](http://www.factcheck.org/2012/07/tax-facts-lowest-rates-in-30-years/) 

While that dates from 2012 things have not changed substantially one way or another since then tax-wise. 




  SS was/is a scam by the .gov to get more taxes from us.

Also it is not a scam since we all know how it works.  Also, since it is an entitlement that has to be paid back it isn't a bait and switch. 




  If China called us on our debt to them we would have to default and the whole US economy would go to shit.

It doesn't work like that.

IF China did such a thing (which they can't because things like T-Bills have a maturity date) they would devalue the value of that debt to practically nothing over night making their trillions worth a few billion. (For instance, imagine you own 50% of all the shares of a company...1 million shares worth $100 each...and dumped it all on the market in one go...the price per share would plummet to mere dollars and you'd lose most of your money.)

In short, even if they could (which they can't) they won't because they'd be shooting themselves in the foot. 




 Again, that is just not true.  Prior to Social Security there was a huge problem with senior citizens living in abject poverty.  Either you had family to support you or you were in trouble.

These people were not stupid.  They knew the deal and yet a substantial percentage of them ended in poverty.

Again, you need be stupid or squander your money.  A single illness can wipe you out (most bankruptcies are due to medical costs and most of those people declaring bankruptcy had medical insurance).  Maybe a tornado smashes your house.  Maybe the people running your pension go belly-up (not to mention there are fewer and fewer pensions to be had these days).

You can plan all you want but things can and do go wrong.
 




 That's a very simplified situation, but doesn't social security only protect the financially irresponsible? If we never had it, people would be forced to be smart with their money, taxes would be lower, and people would have more money to invest/save in their youth (provided they don't do anything stupid).

Well, we don't need to speculate.  There was a lot of time in the US before Social Security existed.

Your assumption that people would be smart with their money and save it is unfounded.  While some people are dumb with their money there are a myriad of other reasons people might run out of money after retirement.  In 2008, after the big market crash, there were a whole host of senior citizens who had their retirement wiped out financially.  If they did not have Social Security you'd have had a colossal problem on your hands with so many thrown into destitution over night.

In 2010 over 44% of Americans over age 65 would have been living in poverty (by the government's definition that is around $10,500/year for an individual in 2010).  With Social Security that number drops to about 9% of the population.  That is 13.8 million people raised out of poverty for the elderly (and over 20 million overall since it covers more than just the elderly).  [SOURCE](http://thinkprogress.org/economy/2012/08/14/690661/social-security-poverty-77/)
 




 The CPU is not the same size has the metal heat spreader that covers it.  If you took the heat spreader off (don't do that) you will see [the CPU is a much smaller square bit under the center of the heat spreader.](http://img.tomshardware.com/us/2004/03/01/sneak_preview/cores.jpg)

When you do the pea trick you will flatten out a circle that covers most of the heat spreader on the CPU.  There will be some uncovered bits at the corners but that doesn't matter for this at all.
 




 I got burned on Rome II.  I am waiting a week or two to see how things shake out first and then decide. 




 The earth is [smoother than a billiard ball.](http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/badastronomy/2008/09/08/ten-things-you-dont-know-about-the-earth/#.VNxOey5Tpl0)

That is to say if you measure from the highest point to the lowest point and shrink or enlarge the two spheres to the same size the earth has a smaller variance. 




 RIP Mulder

I want to say more but I have not followed Kevin or Mulder.  I just have been there.  This picture is worth a thousand words.  

Truly a best friend.  Sorry for your loss.
 




  Its really a shining monument of RTS history IMO. 

Absolutely.  Indeed a shining monument to computer gaming of any sort.

Like some older music there are a few bands, a few songs that stand the test of time and are as good now as the day they were made.  This is akin to that.

Honestly, I would have bought Homeworld in a heartbeat without any spiffy new graphics.  I have been playing PC games since Zork and this is one of only a few that really, really stood out in my mind.  As soon as GOG came on the scene I was regularly checking to see if they had this game.

Maybe it just shone so bright considering the time it was released in.  Kinda like Star Wars.  When I was ten and saw Star Wars I was floored.  Nothing like it had ever been seen.  When I showed it to my niece and nephews they were all kinda "meh".  Perhaps today Homeworld will be viewed similarly by the current generation of gamers.  I hope not though.

I hope it is enjoyed by the current gaming crowd as much as it was by us 15 years ago.  It really is an outstanding game.  Hall of Fame stuff and a true high water mark in gaming.  

As the poster above me said it really is a solid as shit RTS.  I just played Grey Goo (latest RTS game) and it was a fun game.  I really enjoyed it.  I would dump it in in a heartbeat for Homeworld.  A bit of apples and oranges there and I do not mean to dump on Grey Goo which really is pretty good.  Just not the same league.

If you haven't noticed I am very excited for this release.  I even took a day off work for it (to be fair a day off for me has been a long time coming).

 




 You may find this video interesting:

[How Much Does a Shadow Weigh?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Do1lm9IevYE)
 




 I hate this.  It's not your fault...it is what most people think.

Thing is drowning does not look like drowning in most cases.

1) Except in rare circumstances, drowning people are physiologically unable to call out for help. The respiratory system was designed for breathing. Speech is the secondary or overlaid function. Breathing must be fulfilled before speech occurs.

2) Drowning peoples mouths alternately sink below and reappear above the surface of the water. The mouths of drowning people are not above the surface of the water long enough for them to exhale, inhale, and call out for help. When the drowning peoples mouths are above the surface, they exhale and inhale quickly as their mouths start to sink below the surface of the water.

3) Drowning people cannot wave for help. Nature instinctively forces them to extend their arms laterally and press down on the waters surface. Pressing down on the surface of the water permits drowning people to leverage their bodies so they can lift their mouths out of the water to breathe.

4) Throughout the Instinctive Drowning Response, drowning people cannot voluntarily control their arm movements. Physiologically, drowning people who are struggling on the surface of the water cannot stop drowning and perform voluntary movements such as waving for help, moving toward a rescuer, or reaching out for a piece of rescue equipment.

5) From beginning to end of the Instinctive Drowning Response peoples bodies remain upright in the water, with no evidence of a supporting kick. Unless rescued by a trained lifeguard, these drowning people can only struggle on the surface of the water from 20 to 60 seconds before submersion occurs. [SOURCE](http://www.slate.com/articles/health_and_science/family/2013/06/rescuing_drowning_children_how_to_know_when_someone_is_in_trouble_in_the.html)



 




 This quote is routinely misinterpreted.  In Shakespeare the quote was meant to mean that lawyers are a basis for justice and stability in society.  The guy who wanted to kill all the lawyers wanted the lawyers out of the way so they could not impede his buddy from overthrowing the king and usurping the throne.
 




 You can either you Steam to manage mods for you or you can use [Skyrim Nexus.](http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/?)  Skyrim Nexus has a broader selection and is more in-depth but Steam is simpler to use (although the [Nexus Mod Manager](http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/modmanager/?) makes most of it really simple too). 




 It's the rapey vibe that is causing you trouble. 




 $60 + an expensive looking DLC model + not sure how long the game can stay fresh and fun = I'm waiting

Don't get me wrong...I played one of the beta events and enjoyed it.  I think it is a great idea and has lots of potential.  Their price model though smacks of someone who has no faith in the longevity of their game so are scooping up all the cash up front that they can before people realize there is not much there ala Titanfall (also a neat game that missed the mark).

 




 First many of the rebels are almost certainly Russian military units and the rebels are being supplied with modern weapons (including AA missiles) by Russia.

Second, the people in eastern Ukraine identify with and are sympathetic to Russia more than they are to Ukraine.
 




 I came here to say this.

Simultaneously bummed/gratified to see it is the top comment. 




 (serious question)

Three weeks?

Have I missed some change in weather prediction?  I thought a week out was about as good as they could do and anything after that is not a lot better than an educated guess.

Not saying it won't happen but how reliable is such a prediction?
 




 It is sawing. 

Thing is when it comes to cutlery a plain edge is almost always preferable to a serrated edge knife.  Serrated certainly has its uses (particularly for things with rigid surfaces like the outside of a loaf of bread) but if you could only have one knife in the kitchen a plain edge would be the way to go.
 




 Resolution and "looking back in time" are different things.

All you need to do to look back in time is have a photon from that distant source reach your receiver.  Of course you will need more than one photon to really "see" anything so the Hubble kept its camera aperture open and pointed at the same place for days to collect enough light to see the distant galaxies.

That does not translate into resolution though.  If it did the same thing pointed at the earth it'd just get a washed out image.

We do however have satellites with optics that can resolve down to 10 inches (from space to earth's surface).  Government spy satellites may be even better.

EDIT:  Spelling 




 I think you a somewhat less than all-or-nothing approach can work.

If there is something truly outstanding then go ahead and buy it.  Afterall, we want to encourage the good stuff getting made.

Other than that though I totally steer away if I see EA is involved.  There are many middling games I might try but not if EA is involved.

That and never, ever, ever, ever pre-order any EA game ever.  Indeed that is true for pretty much all games these days (I will probably pre-order Homeworld re-mastered edition but the way I see it I already played it and know it is a great game).  Just with EA you REALLY need to hold yourself back.  If you feel yourself wavering just repeat "SimCity, SimCity, SimCity" till you back off.
 




 FWIW if we had a .45 ACP bullet that weighs 12 grams here on earth it would have a relativistic mass of ~268 grams at 99.9% the speed of light.
 




 This is a thing?  Since when is this a thing?

Just when you think your fellow citizens can't embarrass the rest of us any more someone has to go to 11 on the stupid meter.
 




 In this case the existing base game is the same as the original and the original is/was outstanding.  Truly one of my favorite games ever and one that has stuck in my memory all these years (I would regularly visit GOG hoping they'd have it before this re-master was announced).

All they have done with this is polish up the graphics and re-master the music (I think) and we can see in the videos what they have done on those counts and it looks great.

So yeah...this is one I will break my no pre-purchase rule on because, technically, I've already played it and loved it.
 




 The Big Bang was not an explosion "in" space (like an explosion in a room).  It was space itself that exploded into existence (like the room itself came into existence).

It is this space that is exploded into existence and is expanding. 




  To think that an adult couldn't improve on that Shity existence called school is sad as hell..... 

It really depends.  Some things are under your control.  Some aren't.

Try losing your job and wondering how you will feed, clothe and house your wife and kids as your next mortgage payment looms and you can't pay it (not to mention other bills).

Nearly [half the people in the US live paycheck to paycheck.](http://time.com/2742/nearly-half-of-america-lives-paycheck-to-paycheck/)

The terror of that can send you into a god forsaken job that you loathe but have to do. Getting up every morning and thinking about it makes you want to slit your wrists but you don't because of your kids.

Not everyone is in that boat of course but a lot are.

So yeah...school ain't so bad.  Is it worse than life after school?  The right answer is, "it depends".

 




 It's called "curtained hair" (I honestly do not know why I know that). 




 Imagine we magically turned everyone into the world into Kevin O'Leary.  Would it happen then that they would ALL be multimillionaires because they all worked "really hard"?

This also supposes that the poor do not work "really hard" cuz clearly if they did they'd be wealthy right?
 









 I am willing to bet this is almost certainly some form of right-wing astroturfing (not sure what to call it exactly).

Wired's average reader is male, age 39, college educated with a household income of $80,000. [SOURCE](http://www.wired.com/about/press_factsheet/)  

This level of dumbfuckery doesn't come from people like that.  Either it is right-wing trolls who love to pounce on "liberal" sites or it is actually a concerted effort by some right-wing groups.  Hard to say.

 




 According to Google, "todays Artificial Intelligence technology can solve even the most difficult variant of distorted text at 99.8% accuracy. Thus distorted text, on its own, is no longer a dependable test." [SOURCE](http://googleonlinesecurity.blogspot.com/2014/12/are-you-robot-introducing-no-captcha.html)
 









 Weather is a system that has a "sensitive dependence on initial conditions", aka [The Butterfly Effect](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Butterfly_effect) aka a chaotic system.

It is impossible to know every little detail of all the parameters that go into predicting weather.  While we can know a lot there are always ever finer details.  As a result, when the simulations are run, they work ok for a little while then get wildly wrong results the longer the simulation is run.

This is why they can predict the weather within the next few hours very accurately but less so the further into the future they look.  Just one little missed parameter can dramatically change the long term outcome hence the term the "Butterfly Effect".  If your simulations knows *everything* about the weather but misses one butterfly flapping its wings somewhere then eventually the simulation will flounder and not predict, say, a hurricane. 




 With the back door down and letting water in?
 




 It is worth considering the role the Bubonic plague (aka Black Death) played in 14th century Europe.

The plague caused a severe shortage of labor so the ruling class had to compete for labor thus improving the lot in life of laborers.  It also seriously diminished the power of the church (praying didn't help stop the plague and priests died as easily as anyone else).  

This would start leading to reforms that would not come to other parts of the world for awhile.  These reforms would help spur economic growth and scientific advancement. 




 Love it.  

Games seem smooth at nearly any frame rate (except *really* slow).   




 Ok, I'll be the pedant.

Ain't no such thing as "very unique".  It is unique or it isn't (unique is one of a kind so you can't be very one of a kind...you are or you aren't...it's a binary thing).

That said that clock does indeed seem to be unique.  Pretty cool too.  Wish there were more of them. 




 I think a simpler way to put this is:

- Bet on the chances that a coin flip will produce 10 heads in a row.  This is a real long shot.

- After nine coin flips which all came up heads (assuming a fair coin) bet on the likelihood the next flip is heads.  This one is 50/50.

The difference is betting *before* a coin is flipped or betting *after* nine coin flips.  Each coin flip is 50/50.

As an aside and interestingly I had an argument about this with a friend who likes to gamble.  I pointed out that the casinos putting a "past results" display on their roulette tables was bullshit.  She *insisted* it helped cuz in her mind if the table came up red the last nine times it was "due" for a black.  This is bullshit but she didn't believe me.  What she should believe is the casino is not into losing money.  They put that there to lure suckers like my friend. 

 




 I have a 1440p monitor using a GTX980 with a G-SYNC monitor.  Tested it using the Heaven Benchmark with everything turned on and get ~45-50 FPS.

I had a 1200p (yes, 1200, not 1080, the 1200 in my view is far superior...bummed it never caught on) with a Radeon 7970 card and it also did around 45 FPS on the same benchmark.  If that seems weird realize my new monitor has 75+% more pixels which makes the FPS a wash despite the faster card.
 




 Yeah, I should have made that more clear.  Thanks.

 




 The weight difference is small but it is worth noting that we try to fire off rockets into space as close to the equator as possible (give and take other considerations).  The centripetal force at the equator is substantial enough to save on rocket fuel and/or put heavier payloads into orbit. 




 Supposedly this is a true story.  Unfortunately I have forgotten most of the details but I think it is close enough:


There were two comedians who were life-long rivals.  Each one was always trying to top the other.

One of them was on his death bed and his rival was in the room.  He beckoned his rival over to his bedside, reached out to him and said with his last breath:

"Tag...you're it!"
 




  Let's say you flip the coin 10 times and get all 10 heads. You currently have 100% heads; this is pretty improbable but not at all impossible.

This is one of the reasons humans are bad at listing a random set of numbers.  A real random set will include streaks of the same number repeating.  

IIRC in an infinite set you can expect any arbitrarily long string to occur.  So if you flip the coin infinite times you'd expect somewhere in there to have a run of a billion heads in a row.
 




  Stalling at that high of an angle of attack would be very dangerous.

It's not dangerous.

IIRC when you learn to fly they make you stall a plane on purpose so you can learn how to recover from it and that is when you are a mere student.  Not a big deal really as long as you have enough altitude to recover (stalling near the ground is definitely a bad thing...such as right after takeoff).

It would be "bad" in a passenger plane only inasmuch as you'd give the passengers a helluva roller-coaster ride and throw them around a lot but even a passenger jet can recover from a stall without much fuss as long as it has enough altitude to recover.
 




 Huh...that may well be the case but not sure why it matters.  My last monitor was noticeably warmer than this one but honestly I never cared.  Not like it was actually hot or I even noticed since I rarely touched it. 




 At 27" I think 1440p is necessary else your pixel density (dots per inch) gets too low and image quality suffers.

If you are at 24" or smaller then 1080p is fine.

Just remember that higher resolution means a ~~30+%~~ ~78% jump in the number of pixels your video card needs to push.  Part of the reason the PG278Q is Display Port only.  It needs that extra bandwidth that HDMI/DVI cannot deliver.

EDIT:  Changed percentage thanks to /u/saint-yolo and realized there is a difference between percent increase and percent difference (although I was still way off on percent difference too). 




 If you can wait till March there is the Acer XB270HU.  It is an IPS panel instead of the TN that Asus is (I have the PG278Q and I can say hands down the worst thing about it is that it is a TN panel...color shifting is noticeable).

There is no price for it yet but I'd expect it to be competitive pricewise with Asus or a bit more expensive for the IPS panel.

http://www.tomshardware.com/news/acer-xb270hu-xg270hu-ips-g-sync,28299.html
 




 Damn...I got a PG278Q a month ago and while mine works fine (a tiny bit of light bleed but only noticeable on an all-black screen so not bad) I have found I REALLY am not a fan of TN panels.  That the PG278Q is a TN panel is by far its biggest drawback.  Sure it is 1ms but a good IPS panel can do just fine.

I notice distinct color shifting.  It is very distracting and very apparent and not cool at this price.

Also, while not a big deal, not happy they opted for an external power supply for the monitor.  Guess they wanted to maintain a thinner or more sleek overall appearance for the monitor but is that a real big deal to anyone?  Who would buy or not buy based on that?


That said G-SYNC is pretty damn cool and really nice.   




 $47 million in one month.  Yearly the state needs $6.2 billion and has a projected $436 million shortfall.  That is substantial.

 




 Sounds like the [Twin Paradox](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twin_paradox).  The solution is the person who accelerated breaks the symmetry.


 




 Not quite sure what you are asking but remember light, while fast, has a finite speed.  *Everything* you see is how those things were in the past.  For most things, such as stuff you see in the world around you, that time differential is so small as to make no difference.

But when you look into space the distances mean those time differentials are noticeable.

So yeah, if I was two light days from earth then I would see the earth as it was two days ago. If it exploded yesterday I would not know it till another day passed.
 




 Sure.

The expansion you are talking about would only delay or stop a gamma ray burst from reaching us that was formed further than our horizon (about [46.5 billion light years](http://scienceblogs.com/startswithabang/2013/03/01/how-big-is-our-observable-universe/)...yes that is older than the universe but since it is expanding our horizon is bigger/older than that...read the article).

Any gamma ray burst inside that horizon will eventually reach us.  Imagine Alpha Centauri blew up...we'd get the gamma ray burst big time.  Be glad it won't since such a thing would probably kill all life on earth.
 




 We can see things outside the event horizon of a black hole.  When a black hole pulls material in it tends to heat up...a lot.  As a result a "feeding" black hole can be quite bright.  The most exceptional examples of this are [Quasars](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quasar) which are exceptionally bright (brighter than whole galaxies).

Once material has passed the event horizon of the black hole then you will never see it again.

It is possible to orbit a black hole.  If our sun magically *poofed* into a black hole the earth would continue to orbit it same as it does now.  You can get an orbit for light outside the black hole too called the [photon sphere](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Photon_sphere).  It is a very unstable orbit for the photons though so mostly they will eventually fly away or fall into the black hole.
 




 To add the earth (and all the planets...the whole solar system) formed at the same time.  So the sun and Earth and Venus and Saturn, Etc. all formed at the same time.  




  Our signals will be (depending on orientation) be red or blue shifted and intrinsically our clocks will differ and accuse the other as slow.

But what does that mean?

Let's say I am flying away from earth at 99.999% the speed of light.  At that speed clocks on earth will run noticeably faster than clocks on my spaceship.  But because I am moving away at that speed the signals to me will be red shifted and data will appear to arrive more slowly.

With no fiddling and watching the raw data stream will I (on the space ship) see the video in fast forward, real time (normal speed) or slow-mo?
 




 I really enjoy his videos. Very well written and produced.

That said I think he could really benefit from an editor.  While I like his deep dives into these games there is room to tighten it up.  A good writer benefits from a good editor.  Noah is no different.  When I wonder why someone as good at this as he is doesn't have more subscribers the only conclusion is he lacks a good editor to tighten it up a bit.

Good editors are worth their weight in gold and most of the best writers any of us can think of have benefited from them.

Here is a quote from an excellent writer about one of the best writers ever that illustrates the point:

Oscar Wilde, and there have been few greater and more complete lords of language in the past thousand years, once included with a manuscript he was delivering to his publisher, a compliments slip in which hed scribbled the injunction, Ill leave you to tidy up the woulds and shoulds, wills and shalls, thats and whichs etc. 

~Stephen Fry

That is not to say Noah's grammar is bad but rather to note that editors were used and valued by some of the best writers of our time.
 




  Public shaming absolutely can work, but it adds bullshit to your own day. It is pointless, often overreached, and it's degree is born more often from the shamers current state of stress rather than the level of injustice.

Maybe, maybe not.  All things in proportion.

We live in a society.  That society exerts pressure on its members to conform to societal norms.  While it is popular to want to march to a different drummer it is also necessary that society has some agreed upon norms.  It must be that way else there is no society.

These rules are more important than ever when we are forced together in close proximity...REALLY close proximity.  You can be a crazy loon in the mountains all by yourself if you want.  You can't do it on a subway train.  

Mass transit is about as crammed in with your fellow man as you will find outside of a mosh pit.  For it to work some etiquette need apply.  There is no room for "I just gotta be me" on a crowded subway train.

Society punishing people who stray outside those lines in those circumstances is not inappropriate.  It is necessary.  It is how we manage to co-exist as a social species especially and particularly in circumstances like a crowded train. 




  It is more effort to place your items the way that he did if he knows that people will always come to take the seat. Assuming he did this with intention, he is banking on nobody being assertive. However, if you are consistently asked to move your stuff, you will likely eventually choose the easier path of putting your items in a spot under you.

Look at the picture again.

The item placement is not happenstance.  It is clearly calculated.  The luggage at the entrance is the dead-giveaway but there is more with the placement of his bags on the seats.

He is 100% telling others to not sit there, this is HIS space.  Space he does not have a claim to but is forcing others who might want to sit there to have to be confrontational to access.

You are being strangely lenient on someone who is going out of their way to inconvenience others. 




  How is that relevant if there are plenty of empty rows?

It is relevant that it is not your place to block off sections of seating all to yourself.

You get one seat to claim.  That's it.  That is all your ticket entitles you to.

Do you (or anyone) really have problems with people sitting next to you on an empty train?  I would say it almost never happens and if you manage to get the one weirdo in Chicago (where I live too) who sits next to you on an empty train car you can move.

No need to be a dick and block out "your space" which is manifestly not "your space".
 




 If you note in the OP he is taking space across from him as well as next to him.
 




 Well yeah but it is more like this:

There are plenty of empty seats but all of them are next to someone else.  You have to pick who to sit next to.  One person is manspreading to discourage people from sitting next to him.

So, picking that seat is not worse than picking any other seat and has the added bonus of letting that person know I chose to crowd them instead of someone else because they were being a dick.

That said though, looking at the picture in the OP, I might go sit next to that guy cuz blocking out that many seats that overtly and ostentatiously is a supreme dick move.

Also:

...when the train isn't full YET.

FWIW some seats truly are better than others at least where I am (partiularly now with the new and "improved" subway cars...the city worker that chose these new subway cars should be tarred and feathered but that is another discussion). 




 While this guy is taking up too much space, until he denies your request for a seat, then he has done nothing to deserve a vitriolic response.

But he has.

While I agree a confrontational first response is not called for or ideal you give the guy taking up the space too much leeway assuming he doesn't have it coming.  This is not someone who accidentally left a personal item next to him.  He is actively blocking multiple seats and doing so in an overt and unambiguous manner.

I too am a big city denizen and have also spent decades riding mass transit.  I encounter people like this with some regularity although never taking up that much room (to be fair I do more subway trains than commuter trains).  Manspreading is common with a close second being women putting a purse/bag next to them.

IF there is plenty of seating then I don't fuss and pick an empty seat.  But considering most of my riding is during rush hour commutes it will be seating that needs to be taken in VERY short order (usually a stop or two).  If I take an empty seat I have abetted the bad behavior and made someone else do the uncomfortable process of confronting the person to ask for a seat they should not have to ask for.

Bottom line is if you live in a city with mass transit you learn real fast that for it to work well there needs to be a modicum of politeness and accommodation for your fellow riders.  A politeness ALL riders need to observe.  It is stressful and not fun for anyone being crammed in mass transit.  No need to add more bullshit to the experience unnecessarily.  We're all in the same boat (or train or bus).

For that reason, assuming this is a train that will fill up, some level of public shaming is not amiss towards this person if only to educate them of proper mass transit etiquette. 




  Yeah what was it, $99? $75? at some points.

IIRC it was that expensive because they felt putting it out for early access at (say) $40 would have been unfair to the people who Kickstarted the project.

(I may be wrong though) 




 I agree about the batteries.

The main problem stopping most sci-fi-like tech from being real is limited power.  Batteries are freaking heavy.  I suppose the powered exoskeleton can help there but of course that takes a lot of power to run.  I'd be surprised if they could get even one hour of operation out of all that stuff with a man-portable power supply.

As for the hot helmet and hot armor one would assume the cooling system takes care of that but there you are again needing a lot of power to run it.

Not to mention a cooling system is hot in and of itself.  Camo is wasted on these guys since any dimestore IR detection will make them stand out like flares.
 




 But Nancy is just trying to think of the children here!

Hopefully tomorrow she'll call out swimming pools which kill nearly one child (ages 0-14) a day, every day, in the US (on average).

So far pools have got pot beat by a country mile when it comes to tragedies.  Surely Nancy won't let this scourge go by unnoticed!
 














 Politics mostly.  

Google needs to get permission from various state and municipal agencies to build out the infrastructure for their service.  The big cable companies have many of these politicians bought and paid for so they will block attempts by Google to enter the market.
 














 I had Guillan-Barre syndrome. The medicine for me was $13,000/bottle (IV drip thing) and I got one a day for several days.  




 More Chicago pride than state but yeah. 




 I guess it is a matter of degree.  Certainly doing things faster than your opponent will generally be helpful in any game (except turn-based).  But as you noted below AoE is not at the insane APM that Starcraft 2 is.

I have seen professional Starcraft players say that there is an upper age limit to being able to play Starcraft 2 competitively and it is around 25 years old.  After that age has literally made you too slow to play.

As someone over 25 I personally want no part of that (wouldn't have under 25 either).  I think a *strategy* game that relies on dexterity to win is missing the point.
 




 Any RTS that gets away from the APM mode of gameplay gets my vote and money.

Obviously a lot of people like Starcraft and its ilk and that's fine.  Personally I do not see how anyone would [find this fun](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbpCLqryN-Q) but to each their own I guess.

I am thrilled at this return to the "old" style of RTS.  I missed it a lot. 




 Wouldn't this count as a form of bribery?  




 The short answer is they blow up.  Which is to say the stuff needed for the reaction is violently pushed apart.  As a result there is only a very narrow time window for the reaction to occur.

There are two types of nuclear weapons:

- Fission (Uranium/Plutonium bombs)
- Fusion (Hydrogen bombs)

It is worth noting that a hydrogen bomb has a fission bomb wrapped around the outside.

In both cases the trick is to mash things together at really high densities to make things work.  In the case of a fusion bomb the densities and energies needed are so high that you need a fission bomb around the outside to compress and heat the hydrogen enough to fuse.

Problem is when the reactions occur the forces start pushing out (that is the bomb's "*boom*").  As a result there is only a very small slice of time where the stuff going "*boom*" is in the right conditions to go "*boom*".

I forget the number but the amount of material in a nuclear bomb that actually undergoes fission/fusion is something like a few percent (2-4% of the material).  I am probably wrong on that number but it's close. 




 [Chinese city says pollution all due to ... bacon](http://www.marketwatch.com/story/chinese-city-says-pollution-all-due-to-bacon-2015-01-21) (you just can't make this shit up) 




  Yes

Actually the answer is: "It depends".

In this case it depends on the size of the black hole.  A "small" (read a few stellar masses) black hole will tear anything apart that even gets close.

However, for supermassive black holes (such as the ones at the center of most galaxies) the gravitational gradient at the event horizon is so low that it is quite possible you could pass the event horizon and not even know it (or at least you could certainly survive crossing the event horizon...just once inside you are doomed).
 




  The sound design is fantastic.

Second that.

If you have headphones that can do surround sound (either the headphones themselves OR a soundcard that can do simulated surround sound which works surprisingly well) then do yourself a favor and play with headphones on.  Can't stress this enough.  Really heightens the atmosphere.

Also turn the lights down in your room when playing.
 




 You aren't calling me wrong.  You are upset I didn't write as complete an essay on the internet as you'd like.

If you want a full lecture on American law go to college.  This is the internet.  If you are upset that I didn't cover every possible twist and turn that's your own lookout.  What I wrote is not misleading as it applies to states too.

It is entirely possible for you to take what I wrote and figure the rest out for yourself with minimal effort.  Stop being a pedant.
 




 Educate yourself. 

States have sovereign immunity too. 

 




  When I moved to the burbs I couldn't install a dish due to rental agreements or HOA etc.

You may be happy to know they cannot prevent you from installing a satellite dish per FCC regulations.

This may be one of the few instances where you can tell your HOA to fuck off which is always nice.

Section 207 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996 required the Federal Communications Commission to issue rules prohibiting restrictions by zoning boards, homeowners' associations, and similar organizations that keep a viewer from getting video programming services with the DIRECTV System and other direct broadcast satellite dishes. [SOURCE](https://support.directv.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/132/~/my-city%2Fhomeowners-association-will-not-allow-me-to-install-a-satellite-dish.)

That said, before you do anything, it is best to check with a local attorney familiar with these kinds of rules.  Don't take legal advice from the internet. 




 I am pretty sure this would fall under [sovereign immunity](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sovereign_immunity_in_the_United_States).  In short you cannot sue the United States except in some very particular circumstances.

Furthermore, you have never been able to sue a government official for doing their job.  If you could sue a member of congress for every perceived slight that caused you harm (e.g. raised your taxes) they'd never get anything done.  There is always someone who gets the short end of the stick. 



















 Yes, it is literally curved as was proved in 1919 in an [experiment done by Arthur Eddington.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arthur_Eddington#Relativity)  He looked at stars near the sun during a solar eclipse and measured their position was shifted due to the light bending as it curved around the sun.

Since then the idea of [gravitational lensing](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gravitational_lens) is well known and documented. 




 I have had DirecTV for about 7 years now and I will never, ever go back to cable if I can help it.  

- I personally think the picture is better which is to say I seem to get more...I dunno...artifacts and weirdness with cable.  The picture from DirecTV is reliably great (note I have a good, unobstructed line-of-sight for my dish).  It is also possible (though rare) to get 1080p shows.  My GFs cable can only do 1080i.

- The on-screen guide is light-years better than cable.  There is no comparison.  It looks better, is devoid of ads and intuitive.

- The service is outrageously good.  When I call I get a human within two minutes (usually faster).  What few problems I have had they resolve on the spot and always remotely (no need for a visit).  In fact, I called a year ago to see about upgrading my service.  I called on a Saturday afternoon.  They agreed to the upgrade which include a new, better DVR and a new dish.  They sent out a guy the next day (Sunday) to install it all.  Took a couple hours to get it all set up.  No charge.

- Superior equipment.  My DVR can now record six shows simultaneously off of one input (IIRC cable does two shows at once).  It also shares its recordings with all the other DVRs in the house (so you can play something recorded on the family room DVR in the bedroom and vice-versa).  The remote can work on RF instead of just IR (does both) so you can hide the unit in a cabinet or behind something and still control it.

Note some will complain that the picture goes out in bad weather.  While this is true it has to be really bad weather.  I live in Chicago which has no shortage or rainy/snowy shitty days and maybe twice a year do I experience the picture dropping out because of weather and only then for 5-10 minutes till the worst is passed.

My only complaint is I bought the gizmo that allows you to access your DVR from other devices via the internet so you can, in theory, watch your recorded shows anywhere.  Turns out the thing is horribly gimped in numerous ways.  Pretty much it is complete shit and a huge waste of money.  That said the thing is completely optional.

Other than that I love the service. 




 There is a misconception in the US that the rich pay more than their fair share (as a percentage of income).  While we do not have a "flat tax" the reality is something close to it.

Remember that while income tax is progressive many other taxes are regressive and we pay all sorts of taxes.  Consider a sales tax as an example.  Imagine we both pay $10 in sales tax on a purchase.  If you have $1000 to your name you just paid 1% of your money in taxes.  If I have $100 to my name I paid 10% of my money to taxes.

In the end it is a lot more equal than you might think *when all taxes are considered* with only the really poor getting a "good deal" on the tax front.

You can see the distribution [here](http://img.washingtonpost.com/blogs/ezra-klein/files/2012/09/total-tax-bill-income.jpg) (from [this article](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2012/09/19/heres-why-the-47-percent-argument-is-an-abuse-of-tax-data/)).

TL;DR: Tax policy is not as unfair as many might have you think it is when *all taxes* are taken into consideration.  One side would have you think they are being ripped off but they are only pointing to one way the government collects money from its citizens.  That is misleading. 




 What fantasy?  There is a shortage.

The US spends more than it collects in taxes.  That is the definition of a shortage in tax revenue.

We can argue endlessly over how the money is spent and whether it is a good idea or not but it remains that we spend more than we have.
 




 Single player.
 




 One of the harder sauces, Hollandaise is an emulsion of egg yolk and liquid butter...

It doesn't have to be hard at all.

1 minute, foolproof hollandaise: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rOWzVV_XrcM
 




 Gotta give her credit.  She didn't fuck around or dawdle over what to do or stand there saying "OMG!".  Without missing a beat she turned and sprinted downstairs to help the child.  Good on her.
 




 It is worth noting that it is against almost all ISP terms of service (TOS) to run a server from your home using their basic home connection packages.  

In practice they generally let you get away with it if you have a minor site and hardly anyone visits it (so good for personal use).  They can get pissy about it anytime they want though and if you get, say, a [Reddit Hug](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Reddit+Hug) you may very well find your service suspended.  

Also, there is a problem that most home PCs are connected to the internet using an address served by a DHCP server.  Short version is this means your address can change making it hard for people to find you.  One day they can, the next you seem to be gone.  You can get around this though using a dynamic DNS service (DDNS).

Of course the way the ISPs want you to do it to run a server from home is to buy that service from them.  Generally that is more expensive but it does come with the advantage that your upstream bandwidth will be a lot better than it is with a typical home service and that is something you want with a web server.
 

 




  Gamers just don't learn.

I would be really interested to see the age breakdown of people who bought this game.

I'd like to think the college-age and older gamers read the news and make more careful buying decisions because it's their hard earned and often limited entertainment budget at stake.  High-school and younger (generally) have less pressure to save or be careful with their entertainment money.  They don't (generally) need to make rent or buy food and so on.

Then again maybe gamers as a whole don't learn and there are many older gamers buying this stuff too.

Without data there is no way to say.  Would be interesting to see though.
 














 I am curious though:

Energy has gravity.  If I put the earth in a magic box and converted it to energy the gravitational effect would remain the same (the moon would stay in orbit).

A wound clock will weigh more than an unwound clock due to the energy present in the wound spring.

E=MC^2 says mass and energy are interchangeable.  Mass is energy, energy is mass.  Two sides of the same coin.

This thread on [The Straight Dope](http://boards.straightdope.com/sdmb/showthread.php?t=668912) talks about it some. 
 




 He's got a big grin on his face so keep doing whatever it is you're doing. 




 I haven't read all the responses here but seriously?

Here's the thing numbskulls...USB is an INTERFACE.  How you connect to a PC.  The tech behind the interface  could be anything.  You could hook-up a supercomputer to a USB port.  In fact they probably have a few.

So one can suppose she made some super dense, super high-tech, world changing info on something that looked like a USB stick BUT was in reality a hyperbigass-buttloadhuge-database-with-a-USB-interface-because-that-is-what-humans-use (might have been e-sata or something too).  Yeah might take years to move the data off but so what?  She had to deal with what we had at the time.

Lots of reasons to hate on that movie but this one is weak.

Edit to add: Before someone assumes a huge database cannot fit on a USB sized stick remember [this was a 5MB hard drive 60 years ago.](http://www.itworld.com/article/2767629/storage/first-hard-drive-anniversary.html)
 




 Nicki Minaj is known for her [wide hips](https://www.google.com/search?q=nicki+minaj biw=2560 bih=1329 tbm=isch tbo=u source=univ sa=X ei=RWKzVKihHoKSyAT7n4LgDA sqi=2 ved=0CI0BEIke#tbm=isch q=nicki+minaj+hips imgdii=_).  The woman in your photo has distinctly narrow hips.

Hips are a structural thing (i.e. not something you diet away) and the woman in your picture has narrow hips.  I doubt they can be the same woman.  It's a skeletal frame thing.

Maaaybe she grew monster hips after that photo but that would seem unlikely.  The woman in that photo is not that young (i.e. pre-pubescent or something).
 




 While the sheer size of these ships is remarkable enough I can get my head around it when they are on the open sea.

To me the really amazing part is how they ever manage to get one of these to a dock in one piece.  Clearly they do and do so a lot every day but still amazing.  You have a 100,000 tons of ship and waves and currents and wind yet put it right where you want it to be.  The tugboat guys/gals earn their salary (still not sure why port pilots are paid so well though). 




 Not very hard at all.  Was literally just tapping a pencil...maybe "hard" for tapping a pencil but still just a pencil.

There are certain spots which seem to not take much at all to be uncomfortable when hit even lightly.

You can test this yourself easily enough.  I *strongly* recommend you go very lightly at first. 




 Street legal? 




 Will the shutter speed adjust and slow down in low light conditions to allow more light to get in per frame?  (really asking) 




 Nah...that's overkill and probably illegal.

Just get yourself a [Marauder](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cDoRmT0iRic).  Should do the trick nicely (I think the machine guns are optional). 




 I was in high school in a class and was absent-mindedly tapping my pencil on my thigh.  By accident I tapped my nuts with the pencil.  Boy was I surprised...took all the control I had to not yell out and had trouble breathing for a minute and it hurt for the rest of the class.
 




 Dunno why your 7970 sucks.  Mine works great.  Here are a few screenshots I took.  Not sure what my FPS was but I would guess around 50 or so.

- [Image 1](http://cloud-4.steamusercontent.com/ugc/541884168916062734/95264A523B10E7F102E9CCA0262B6D6B77EBD3C1/)
- [Image 2](http://cloud-4.steamusercontent.com/ugc/541884168903702843/9215681FBD2F84EE62405D8B1710FC066F294D51/)
- [Image 3](http://cloud-4.steamusercontent.com/ugc/541884168903697784/5774CA46AFF20AFDF1766C634F8F3635CF8E5F79/)
- [Image 4](http://cloud-4.steamusercontent.com/ugc/541884168798951754/09019B19449C7789AD022C381EDA217A03584B58/) 




 ...what she did is stupid...

If her goal is to make as much money as possible, as fast as possible, then this was a smart move on her part.  She is a rare artist who can manage this but in her unique (or nearly so) case making people buy her full priced albums is a better choice.

I have to say while I do not care for her music she has proven to be very savvy about managing her business (that or she has really bright people working for her and she listens to them or a bit of both).
 




 More than that...

If you outlaw extremism you just drive it underground and out of sight.  You do not get rid of it.

Vile as they are I'd rather have them out in the open where I can see them.
 




 I played it on a 7970 at 1920x1200 with no problems whatsoever too.  Had most settings maxed IIRC.  Looked and played great!
 









 Salma Hayek [dancing in the movie From Dusk Till Dawn](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YiCjUNI1GC0) (potentially NSFW) 
























 I have a [Maxnomic from the same company](http://www.needforseatusa.com/computer_gaming_chair_leader_black) (which is supposedly even higher end than that chair in the pic).

I have never had buyer's remorse worse than I have with this chair.  In fact I am saving up money to replace it even though I have had it less than a year.

If you want to buy mine I'll sell it cheap but I feel bad doing that.  The chair is a massive let down.  It ticks the boxes on a list but that is about where it ends.

The cheap desk chair I got at Costco for less money was far more comfortable than this chair.

Seriously...this chair is among the most uncomfortable chairs I have ever used and, like most people, I have used a lot of different ones.

I am not kidding when I say that EVERY time I sit in this chair I regret getting it.

EDIT: I am not complaining because I got a lemon or it is broken or something.  The chair I have is as advertised and does what it is supposed to do.
 









  Here is a video which shows that a missile hit the Pentagon: http://www.veteranstoday.com/2011/08/29/911-video-of-missile-hitting-pentagon-leaked/

In that video he complains the hole is too small and there is no damage from the wings (at around 0:50).

Problem is he is looking at a punch-out hole (i.e. the plane was not going in there but coming out).  You can tell by debris in front of the hole.  The wings were of course completely stripped off by that time.

A missile would not create a neat punch-out hole like that either.  It'd just blow up.  Further, even *if* you want to think a missile flew through there no missile in the US is that big.  That hole could fit and ICBM in it.  That hole is WAY too big for a cruise missile (a Tomahawk cruise missile has [a diameter of 20.4 inches](http://www.navy.mil/navydata/fact_display.asp?cid=2200 tid=1300 ct=2)).

You can see a better picture of it in my previous link along with a description pointing out pieces of debris: http://www.rense.com/general32/phot.htm

And if it was a missile weird to have landing gear and wheels among the wreckage which can also be seen in the photos at that link.
 




 Not a whole lot of mystery here.

Look at the Germanwings crash and you see a line of wreckage.  Makes sense, the plane was moving forward when it hit causing wreckage to be strewn in a long line.

Well, that line at the Pentagon goes *through* the Pentagon itself.  All the wreckage is inside the building.  Even if the plane hit the ground outside the building (which it barely did) the pieces would be moving forward at 300+ MPH into the building.  Given the nature of the concentric rings at the Pentagon there was no way the plane would come out the other side into the center.

Further, the Pentagon had been undergoing improvements and was being hardened to better resist attack.  The plane managed to hit a part that had already been hardened.  In short, the plane going 300+ MPH got shredded passing through multiple reinforced concrete walls.

Here is eyewitness testimony and photos of the wreckage inside the Pentagon: http://www.rense.com/general32/phot.htm
 




 I object to her running unopposed.  I'd like Warren in there if for no other reason than to force Clinton into debates and make Clinton commit to policy stances.

I want an election, not a coronation.  

As an aside it just leaves a bad taste in my mouth that we may get a Bush/Clinton election.  Smacks of the presidency being hereditary.
 




 This is what Indiana is trying to accomplish.  They want to give legal cover for discrimination under the guise of religious beliefs. 









  is infringing on multiple copyright owned by my clients

The notice is poorly written making it seem dubious.

Among grammar issues there is this inconsistency:

*"...is infringing on multiple copyright owned by my clients..."*

and

*"...with the reasonable belief that rights my company owns are being infringed."*

So who owns the copyrights?  The person writing that notice or his/her clients?

I understand it is best for you to get your own lawyer to be sure but this seems bogus (especially considering, as mentioned, you do not host any of this material). 




  What the supporters of these laws are saying is that Ollie's BBQ[2] and the Heart of Atlanta Motel[3] should have had the ability to deny service to black people back in the 1960's.

That is pretty much [exactly what some are arguing](http://www.cato.org/blog/indianas-defense-religious-liberty) although instead of coming right out and saying that they dodge and weave behind high-minded rhetoric and use the constitution for cover.
 




 If your religion prevents you from doing your job then you need to choose a different profession. 




 The B2 first flew in 1989.  Perestroika started in 1986.

I guarantee you it took longer than three years to design the B2 (in fact it was approved in 1981 and there had been considerable research into stealth aircraft even prior to that going back into the 70's).
 




 I'm going to guess you are young.

The way the US "won" the cold war versus the Soviet Union was we out spent them.  Literally.  They were always trying to play keep-up with the US so they had rough military parity.

The B2 and Star Wars among other weapon systems were simply things the Soviet Union could not afford but they tried anyway.  It lead to the collapse of the Soviet Union.

There was more to it than just that but it was a big part of it.  You can argue whether the money spent by the US was worth it or not but in a sense the B2 defeated the USSR without firing a shot.  Just the threat of it was enough to goad the Soviets into spending far more than they could support.

 




  ...this sucks for the Indiana fans who have nothing to do with this stupid-ass "religious freedom" act.

Well, they vote (or should vote).  They should work to get the creeps running the state thrown out so laws like this don't get passed.
 




 I agree. 
I know it has been said already many times.  Just adding my $0.02. 




 Yup, the smell is basically bacteria poop.

Sweat by itself has no odor.

It is worth noting that different bacteria live on different parts of your body so the smell coming from other sweaty areas (e.g. your crotch) is different than that coming from your armpits.
 




 U2 




 There have been a number of scandals recently that have plagued the Secret Service.  They used to be thought of as consummate law enforcement professionals and instead have shown shocking lapses in judgement.

- [Lawmakers investigating allegations that two senior Secret Service agents drove drunk through an active bomb threat investigation at the White House](http://www.cnn.com/2015/03/24/politics/secret-service-investigation-clancy/)

- [Drug Enforcement Administration agents in Colombia who allegedly engaged in "sex parties" with prostitutes hired by local drug cartels also arranged for paid sex for at least two Secret Service agents traveling to the country to protect President Obama in 2012.](http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2562119)

- [Secret Service Agents Booted From Obamas Europe Trip After Drinking](http://time.com/38093/secret-service-drinking-obama-europe/)

- [Secret Service missed man with gun in elevator with Obama](http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/exclusive-secret-service-missed-man-with-gun-in-elevator-with-obama/article/2554185)
 




 At [3:07](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded v=1ePhMj47SEY#t=187) he talks about putting roasted tomatoes on the pizza.

Call me crazy but I am pretty sure he is adding red and yellow pepper slices.

Add to that his bullshit that the pizza in New York or Chicago and he can be written off as a crap (he says there is no good pizza in America...for all our faults we do pizza better than anyone not counting Dominoes).

Yes I know he is a successful chef and restaurateur but that is a patently false statement.  Even if it is merely his personal opinion it just shows he is either full of shit or just trying to sell his pizzas (which are good too but barely deserve to be called a pizza).
 




 As you sow, so shall you reap.

That said we do not really know what the relationship is here (it may be the granddaughter is a bad person) but the assumption is grandma is getting her comeuppance.
 




 Remember that on a typical home connection your upload speeds are substantially slower than your download speeds.

For example you'll be getting 40 mbps down but 5 mbps up.

Of course those numbers are not promises so there can be a good deal of variability in them.

Now the OP said they were getting 30 kbps.  We do not know enough to get any conclusions from that.  There can be myriad reasons for that speed.

Make no mistake, I am no fan of Comcast but there is little reason to suppose they are blocking you.  

I use Comcast and I actually do a lot of uploading for various reasons and I regularly check the speeds.  Comcast is delivering what they promise (for me at least).

That does not mean you aren't having problems or that Comcast is dealing fairly with you.  It just means consider alternative possibilities.

 




 The US has an extradition treaty with Italy so the chances are very good she would get extradited.  It is not enough for the US to just disagree with a verdict.  

It is possible the US may try to prevent that on human rights grounds suggesting Italy's prisons are so bad putting her in one would violate her human rights but that is a reach and it is unclear whether the US would want to go that far. 




 32-bit systems can only address 2^32 bits of RAM (about 4GB).  That is total memory in the whole system (video card, RAM mainly but whatever else too).  So, if your video card had 1GB of VRAM then your system was left with 3GB of RAM that could be accessed regardless of how much was installed.

a 64-bit system can address 2^64 bits of RAM.  In theory that comes to 18.2 exabytes of data but in practice it is less than that. 




 The one downside to this is the small amount made per go (enough for two dishes give or take).  Usually not a problem though unless you are cooking for a lot of people.  

Perhaps the amounts can be increased for a larger batch but I have not tried that.  If anyone has let us know how it went.
 




 Thanks.

This is easily my favorite cooking "trick".  I had wrestled with Hollandaise in the past.  This method is awesome and really works (just be sure your butter is the right temp and pour in to the mixer slowly).

SO spent the night and you want to wow him/her with breakfast in bed?  This technique will certainly help.
 




 Could this be any less colorful if they tried?

Mechanics seem interesting but there is more to a game than a gimmick.
 














 I smoked for 25+ years.  I quit cold turkey two years ago and have not had one since.

If I was there I'd definitely ask her for a cigarette.   




 Great video.  Always enjoy these.

Surprised he didn't mention the ultimate Gatling gun though.  The [GAU-8 Avenger](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f5/GAU-8_meets_VW_Type_1.jpg) on the A10 Warthog.  It's even [been in video games](http://www.amazon.com/A-10C-Warthog-PC/dp/B005KQ99O2) so would fit with his theme.

Also it has seven barrels instead of three or six. 




  Cherry-picking or not, the people interviewed are people participating in these protests and do represent a segment of the protestors.

You cannot hand wave this away though.

The issue is a group (in this case True Revolt) is trying to paint a picture that all black people in Ferguson are aggressive.  It is in the title, "Black community's feelings on white people in Ferguson".  This is not "black people's feelings".  This is a few idiot's feelings and there are some to be found in any crowd.

If you keep asking enough people questions you will get a handful of crazy...welcome to the world.  To then drop all the reasonable answers and compile the crazy answers and then post it as how a community feels is incredibly deceptive and dishonest.  More than that it is trying to aggravate and motivate people against that group through dishonesty.

So are there some black people in Ferguson who are seriously pissed off?  Sure!  Of Course!  It should come as no surprise to anyone.

Do those firebrands represent the community?  No.  They do not.

Trying to portray the whole in a bad light because someone cherry picked a few bad apples is bigotry writ large.
 




 I am not sure what you mean by "useless".

Tutorials are meant to familiarize the player with the game's mechanics.  After that it is up to the player to learn the game on their own.  Usually the game starts off relatively easy to allow for the learning curve.

What else would you want? 




 Inside you may be wearing less or lighter clothing.  You also may be more sedentary when inside (e.g. sitting and working on your computer).

Outside you are more likely to be wearing heavier, weather appropriate clothing and more likely to be active (walking somewhere) which generates body heat.

Additionally, radiant heat if the sun is shining on you can warm you.  Stand in the shade on a 65F day and you will likely feel it to be much cooler than in the sun. 




 Has no one taken note of who produced this video?  There is a distinct air of cherry picking in the video.  A little work shows us that [Truth Revolt](http://www.truthrevolt.org/) is a project of the David Horowitz Freedom Center which is a far right organization distinctly hostile towards African Americans.

The Southern Poverty Law Center's Hatewatch blog has described it as a far-right organization.[6]

Chip Berlet, writing for the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) accused Horowitz of blaming slavery on "'black Africans ... abetted by dark-skinned Arabs'" and of "attack[ing] minority 'demands for special treatment' as 'only necessary because some blacks can't seem to locate the ladder of opportunity within reach of others,' rejecting the idea that they could be the victims of lingering racism."[22] Responding with an open letter to Morris Dees, president of the SPLC, Horowitz stated that his reminder that the slaves transported to America were bought from African and Arab slavers was a response to demands that only whites pay blacks reparations, not to hold Africans and Arabs solely responsible for slavery, and that the statement that he had denied lingering racism was "a calculated and carefully constructed lie." The letter said that Berlet's work was "so tendentious, so filled with transparent misrepresentations and smears that if you continue to post the report you will create for your Southern Poverty Law Center a well-earned reputation as a hate group itself."[23] The SPLC replied that they stood by the accuracy of the report,[24] and subsequent critical pieces on Berlet and the SPLC have been featured on Horowitz's website and personal blog.[25][26]  [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Horowitz_Freedom_Center#Criticism)

These videos are heavily edited.  You can make it seem that [Americans don't read books](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yiCyjRgXw0) with these sorts of videos.  They are edited in a way that cherry picks to desired responses and everything else hits the cutting room floor.

 




 I'm with you.

For 2015 this looks like shit.  I mean really, horribly, terribly like shit.  I would expect this in 2000.  Everything about it screams half-assed, cashing in on a name.  The graphics are astonishingly and astoundingly bad.  Something I'd expect from an 8th grader just staring out learning 3D animation.

Don't get me wrong.  I loved Carmageddon waaay back in the day but this seems to not improve a thing and it's been 17+ years.  There is HUGE potential for this game but this just squanders the whole thing.  Like some guys phoned it in and hoping for a paycheck before people realize they didn't do shit.
 




 ...left people clambering for a replacement.

I know we shouldn't be pedantic about this stuff here but honestly trying to help and I think in this case it is worthwhile.

The word you wanted is "clamoring" and not "clambering".

Clambering = To Climb

Clamoring = To shout loudly/vehemently

That said I was not confused for a moment about what you meant and I agree with you.
 




 Russia did sell their nukes...to the US.

For the past two decades, 10 percent of all the electricity consumed in the United States has come from Russian nuclear warheads. 

It was all part of a deal struck at the end of the Cold War. That deal wraps up today, when the final shipment of fuel arrives at a U.S. facility.[SOURCE](http://www.npr.org/2013/12/11/250007526/megatons-to-megawatts-russian-warheads-fuel-u-s-power-plants)

The program was called [Megatons to Megawatts.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Megatons_to_Megawatts_Program)  

Despite treaties there was real worry of Soviet era nukes finding their way on to the black market.  The Russians were not exactly on top of the situation and there were a lot of disaffected Soviet era scientists and military types and such that were out of work and might have nabbed some nukes to sell given the chance.   




  The production costs of the F-35 are almost exactly the same as the Eurofighter ($100 million each, approx), except:

Err...not really.

A single Air Force F-35A costs a whopping $148 million. One Marine Corps F-35B costs an unbelievable $251 million. A lone Navy F-35C costs a mind-boggling $337 million. Average the three models together, and a generic F-35 costs $178 million.

It gets worse. These are just the production costs. Additional expenses for research, development, test and evaluation are not included. The dollars are 2015 dollars. This data was just released by the Senate Appropriations Committee in its [report](http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/cpquery/R?cp113:FLD010:@1%28sr211%29) for the Pentagons 2015 appropriations bill. [SOURCE](https://medium.com/war-is-boring/how-much-does-an-f-35-actually-cost-21f95d239398) 




 Considering you could get two 980's and run them in SLI for only a bit more money (extra $140 give or take) the 980 will give you far better bang for the buck.

HOWEVER:  If you do video editing in a big way then the Titan is the way to go.  Video rendering programs like Adobe's products will not take advantage of SLI.  As a result a fast, single card is the way to go.

You can see it in the Titan's specs.  12GB of VRAM is massive, massive overkill for games.  You'll never come close to using it in a game for the life of the card if you bought it today.  The VRAM is there for video editing.

This card is really meant to be a single card solution for people who want to do fairly serious video editing and play some games when they are done.

If you want a card for gaming a 980 or 980 in SLI will be a better buy.  If you want serious video editing (real serious) get a Quadro card.  Will not be good for games though.  Want both get a Titan. 




 I saw this whole episode and interestingly everything has its price.

In the case of owls they bought their stealth at the expense of waterproofing.  Their feathers do not shed water.  They get soaked instead.  As a result owls are grounded when it rains.  If the rains continue a long time that can become a real problem for them.
 




 Not sure why but the link in the OP now goes nowhere.

Here is the same story:  http://news.yahoo.com/france-aims-criminalize-advertising-anorexic-models-155422346.html
 









  Also, if we started jailing witnesses for giving testimony that doesn't match the facts, who in their right mind is going to come forward as a witness?

While no one may voluntarily testify under those circumstances the court can and does regularly issue subpoenas compelling someone's testimony.
 




 You can "tut-tut" them for their poor queuing skills (the British being world champs when it comes to queuing).
 




 Nah.

Things are worth what people will pay for it.   




 I have **never** had a cable repair guy come to work on my connections who knew more than I did.  I have **never** called cable tech support and dealt with a person who knew more than I did.

And I say that noting my networking skills are pretty good but not exceptional.

Their workers are trained to put the square peg in the square hole.  If that doesn't work they are lost and will invariably blame it on something else or blame it on you.

I once had very intermittent and slow connection speeds.  Over the course of three months I had five or six techs out to see the problem.  They ALL saw the problem.  They ALL agreed it was not my fault.  They ALL agreed I should be getting a substantially better connection yet NOT ONE ever resolved the problem (that was on DSL...switched to cable).
 




 The commodities market is a price discovery mechanism.

If you do not do it that way how do you figure the price of a barrel of oil?  It'd be a mess and certainly more expensive than it is when on the open market.

 




 The actual rebuttal to this proposal is if you make it so women face (say) 35 years for falsely accusing a man of rape then women will almost never come forward and admit they lied in the first place.

It is hard enough to get a woman to admit to falsely accusing someone.  If she faces a harsh prison sentence she'll swear to her grave the guy did it.

So sure, you will catch some false accusers with no admission from them but a helluva lot more guys will rot in jail for 35 years instead of 19 months.

Which is worse?  Woman admits to lying and guy falsely accused goes free or you stick it to the liars and most men falsely accused get to rot in jail for the rest of their lives?

tl;dr Careful what you wish for.  You just might get it.
 




 Actually the open market is the most efficient way to price commodities.  




 Part of the reason it amounts to a regressive tax on the poor. 




 More a history than current politics but very interesting (I think) and certainly explains some things today.
 









 He mentions he Alienware gave him a good deal on the system.  So, while maybe not free for him there was some promotional consideration. At a guess (if those are GTX980s he has) that system retails for $4000.

No question it is a nice machine but that price is stupendously expensive.  Joe says building your own PC might save you a few hundred dollars.  I am willing to bet you could save $1500 and build a machine just as good.
 









 I am pretty sure if you do a chargeback with Steam they ban you for life.  I *think* you can keep playing the games you already bought but that is it (not positive about that).
 




 Why did this get downvoted?

Did the OP rip off the idea from someone else and I missed it?

Sometimes (often) Reddit confuses me. 




 Have you ever had sex with a woman?

It tends to be moist and slippery in there (assuming she is turned on).

Lube helps replicate that feeling.

There is a reason [Fleshlight's use lube](https://www.fleshlight.com/lube-and-care/) (NSFW) and it has nothing whatsoever to do with being circumcised or not.

Same idea with your hand and lube.

That said not everyone uses it.  Personal choice but it has little to nothing to do with circumcision.
 




 I'd buy a couple (preferably from OP).
 




 If games go this way this could revitalize brick   mortar game shops.

People who cannot download the game in a reasonable time or are stuck with data caps could go to a store, buy the game and take it home on a thumb drive.  

You could either buy your own thumb drive to use for this or the game store could loan it to you (with a suitable deposit and/or fee).  As long as they were reasonably cool about it and didn't try to rape people for the "service" in fees it may well be a means to get people back to the shops.
 




 Someone needs to send them copies of The Hindenburg movie.
 




 Sysadmin here.

Not sure where you work but in my world of Windows PCs everything runs fine.  Everything runs as it should.  I can't remember the last time anything crashed (I really can't).  Had one PC six months ago that was inexplicably slow, re-installed the OS (after other trouble shooting didn't work) and everything was fine again.

It is a regular part of my job to evaluate new software and hardware for our business and so far everything has run fine (the product may not have delivered what we wanted but had no troubles getting it to run).  Well...once I had to go find some DLLs for some software but that is about it.

You need to talk to your system administrator and have a long talk with them.  Sounds like they are dropping the ball bad where you work. 




 That's not why they use lube. 




 The mom agreed to the procedure two years ago then decided to go all drama queen about it and fight it.

No one is considering the trauma all this drama is having on the kid who is now on the run in a shelter with his mom but hey...as long as she avoids the circumcision for the kid it's all good because nothing could be worse than being circumcised.
 




 Here is a good review of the game that notes its strong points and shortcomings: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OR_WZVk58ZI

While it lacks a few things SimCity has overall it has it where it counts and, in my view, is superior almost across the board.  That and the asking price of $30 makes it a must buy.  Unless you dislike the genre (it is more sim than game) it is hard to go wrong with this.

Bonus: It runs buttery smooth.  I have not yet built a huge metropolis but so far not a frame rate drop worth mentioning or crash in sight.  Seems rock solid.
 




 What SimCity should have been and $30 for it makes it a no brainer.

Bought it as soon as reviews were out and I saw the price and happy to give them my money.

EA can go pound sand.
 




 It *may* be a balance issue but I'd be willing to bet most times it is done to meet framerate marks.  If less stuff is being drawn on the screen they can say it runs at 60 FPS and put that in marketing materials.

I am a person who gets nauseated/headache at low FOV settings.  It is literally intolerable for me to play those games.
 









 [Harold   Maude.](http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/harold_and_maude/)  

Yeah, it is about depression in a way but it is hilarious and makes depression funny.  There's more but would be spoilers.  Do yourself a favor and watch the movie.
 




 He implies a reduction in lending is proof that the bailouts didn't have a positive impact on the economy. However, the relevant part is how lending developed relative to what would have happened without the bail-out. That makes me question the accuracy of the rest of the claims there.

Is the economy "better"?

On paper it certainly is.  Thing is the Fed absorbed all the toxic assets from the banks.  Basically removed the crap debt from the bank's balance sheet to the Fed which = taxpayers.  The American public now has the crap debt and cannot really get rid of it.  All that crap is still there, it hasn't gone away.

More risk free investing for banks.  Basically invest in high risk, high return vehicles and when it all goes to shit unload the debt on the government because you are TBTF.

They privatized profit and socialized risk.  Neat trick.
 




 He is right.  Discount window are overnight loans.  Basically Bank-X is short money because while it loaned out X-dollars it has not collected enough to cover it.  The bank on paper may have IOUs (e.g. checks) that says it has the money to cover everything but the transfers have not happened yet.  The bank then takes an overnight loan from the Fed to cover everything.

This is normal and usual business practices.  Nothing creepy or untoward about it.  I mistakenly said the discount window.  That said the Fed DOES loan banks money in other fashions apart from the discount window and the banks do get sweetheart deals.
 




 Here is some further detail (article is from 2011 so "newly-released" isn't accurate anymore):

A newly-released study from the Congressional Research Service bolsters claims that the nation's largest banks profited off the Federal Reserve's financial crisis-era programs by borrowing cash for next to nothing, then lending it back to the federal government at substantially higher rates.

The report reinforces long-held beliefs that the banking system in essence engaged in taxpayer-financed arbitrage: They got money for free, then lent it back to Uncle Sam while collecting juicy returns. Left out of the equation are the millions of everyday borrowers, like households and small businesses, who were unable to secure loans needed to tide them over until the crisis ended. [SOURCE](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/04/26/fed-lending-helped-wall-street_n_853884.html)
 




  Personally, I've been arguing for a decade that the best solution is for the federal government to just print the money rather than pretend to borrow it.

This results in inflation.  Witness Zimbabwe which did this.  You can now buy $100 trillion (yes, trillion with a "t") Zimbabwean bank notes on Amazon for about $40.  ([kidjanot](http://www.amazon.com/s/?ie=UTF8 keywords=100+trillion+dollar+zimbabwe tag=googhydr-20 index=aps hvadid=31590361237 hvpos=1t1 hvexid= hvnetw=g hvrand=11723665018106217136 hvpone= hvptwo= hvqmt=b hvdev=c ref=pd_sl_4ckt965o83_b))

Post WWI in the Weimar Republic in Germany they had so much debt (war reparations) they started printing money willy-nilly.  This spurred hyper-inflation.  The exchange rate got to 4,210,500,000,000 German marks/US dollar. 

The Fed can and does print money to some extent but they have to be very careful about that.   




 It is a backhanded subsidy.

The really big banks get lower interest rates when they borrow money.  They can go to the Fed discount window and borrow money from the federal government on a short-term basis.  The current interest rate at the Fed window is 0.75% (I think).

They then take that money and buy federal T-Bills or Bonds.  Those instruments have a higher interest rate than 0.75% which means, basically, free no-risk money for the banks.

Essentially the banks borrow money from the government at a low interest rate then loan the money back to the government at a higher interest rate.  Only the big banks can do this.  You, me and community banks aren't allowed. 




 From what I have read she has not violated a law.  The laws were tightened up and it would be illegal now but wasn't when she did this.

Still shitty of her and an astonishingly bad move on her part.  I am not surprised people in her position want to do it this way but amazed she was dumb enough to do it.  I thought she was more politically savvy than that. 




 While they are both amazing I think Ricky Jay is more impressive with the [card tricks.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LYjMHzQ_oU)

There are moments in Lennart's act where I suspect he is doing "something".  Some slight-of-hand.  I have no clue what he is doing and it is still impressive but I never see that with Ricky Jay.
 




 For me it was G-Sync. 




 The ELI5 answer is Libertarians believe government should be as small as possible and individual rights should be as broad as possible.

This does not mean no government nor does it mean unlimited individual rights.

The merits of this system (as with any political system) are of course open to much debate.
 




 This is wrong on several levels.

- A server does not ask you a question.
- There is not a "super rare" chance to get a Bitcoin.  If you are the first to solve the problem you get the bitcoin.
- Confirmation of transactions is a whole separate thing from mining bitcoins.  That gets into how bitcoins are used.
- If you get a bitcoin it does not go to a "mining computer".  EVERYONE who participates in bitcoin transactions has a complete copy of all bitcoin transactions ever made.  A transaction is deemed ok when enough of these bitcoin wallets agree it has happened.  
- There is no server rewarding you for anything.
 




 GPUs are specialized hardware.  

Think of your CPU as a small room with a handful of scientists in it.  They can complete almost any task you give them.  They are very versatile.

A GPU is more akin to a really big room filled with dumb people.  They cannot do complex tasks but can do simple ones.  For instance, add 1 to the number you get and pass it to the next guy.  Sure the scientists could do it but there are not a lot of them.  The room filled with dummies all doing one simple task repeatedly is much faster than the scientists would be.

This massively parallel computing is well suited to particular tasks.  Mining for a bitcoin is one such task that leverages the strength of a GPU.  A GPU is much, much faster than a CPU at doing this sort of problem solving.

That said bitcoin mining on a home PC is pretty much useless these days.  Dedicated bitcoin mining shops are in operation that use hundreds or even thousands of computers using custom built hardware.  Your lone PC doesn't stand a chance and in fact you'd lose money since a PC working that hard draws a fair amount of electricity which you will have to pay for.
 




 To generate ("mine") a bitcoin your computer needs to find a solution to a particularly difficult math problem.  The problem is a cryptographic problem so the only way to get a solution is to repeatedly try many solutions till it finds one that works.  Once one is found it is registered with the bitcoin network.  Everyone who has a bitcoin wallet on their computer will verify the new bitcoin add the new bitcoin to the list.

Once a bitcoin is mined the math problem becomes even more complex for the next iteration and so on.  In this manner the rate at which bitcoins are "found" is regulated to a predictable schedule.

Mining bitcoins has long since passed out of the realm of desktop computers.  There are dedicated bitcoin setups out there that leverage the use of hundreds or even thousands of computers.  Your home PC simply cannot compete.
 




 Yes, Comcast would like to do this.  This is what Net Neutrality prevents.

And yes, Netflix uses a lot of bandwidth BUT you are already paying Comcast for that bandwidth.  You are buying (say) a 50/10 connection from Comcast.  What does it matter what data you pull through that connection?  You are *already paying for it*.

Further, Netflix pays for massive data connections to their server rooms.  No one is getting a free ride here.  Comcast just wants to charge Netflix extra because they can.  Comcast is not providing anything extra.  Just for a price they agree to not slow them down.

Comcast is trying to hold Netflix over a barrel because Comcast controls the last mile (basically the connection to customers' homes).  They want to act as a gatekeeper deciding what data gets through and what doesn't (or what data gets delayed and slowed down).

So, for instance, Comcast owns NBC.  They decide to stream NBC content and full speed.  ABC?  CBS?  TBS?  They can all get slowed down OR pay money to Comcast to be allowed through.


 




 The remarkable thing is how good her feathers are for insulation.  She is warm yet the snow on her is not melting.

Wish the insulation in my house did as well.   




 The first words in that article:

Lasers have staggering range...

No they don't.  You can stop reading right there.  Lasers have shit range. A mile, as stated in the article, is not "staggering range" in anyone's book unless you are talking about man portable weapons (and sniper rifles can do that).  This cannot be man-portable.

They don't show you how big the laser is but a generator capable of producing the [30 kilowatts of power](http://www.techtimes.com/articles/37463/20150305/lockheed-martins-athena-laser-can-disable-vehicles-a-mile-away.htm) it takes to run this [weighs in at around 1000 pounds.](http://www.norwall.com/products/Generac-Commercial-30kW-1.5L-%28Steel%29-208V-3-Phase.html)

Don't get me wrong, it is cool as hell.  Just saying Engadget needs a writer with a clue.
 














 Why waste time ranting on and on about the shortcomings of a game that is generally viewed as terrible or that you didn't enjoy.

Because game developers/publishers seems to be adopting a model of game design that is increasingly about how to maximize getting money out of your pocket rather than making good games.

Making games shorter, selling more DLC, being more cookie-cutter than fresh and new (putting out the n^th sequel) and emphasis on flash over substance like a Michael Bay movie...the list is long.

As long as they can make money doing this they will keep doing it.  I do not know who is all buying these games because apparently they never read reviews.
 




 Aside from that it was pretty generic as far as shooters go.

Define a "generic" shooter?

I am not trying to be snarky.  I am genuinely curious (really).  

What made this one a generic shooter?  What are examples of non-generic (and presumably good) shooters? 




 Iran doesn't get to decide this for itself.  Eisenhower started the Atoms for Peace program under which various states would be given a nuclear reactor by the US for power production.  These states otherwise would not be able to build one of their own.

As part of this deal they signed the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons:

Iran is a party to the NPT but was found in non-compliance with its NPT safeguards agreement and the status of its nuclear program remains in dispute. In November 2003 IAEA Director General Mohamed ElBaradei reported that Iran had repeatedly and over an extended period failed to meet its safeguards obligations, including by failing to declare its uranium enrichment program. [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treaty_on_the_Non-Proliferation_of_Nuclear_Weapons#Iran) 









 Not seeing it.

Black hair = pointy chin

Red hair = broad chin

Black hair = broad bridge of the nose

Red hair = thin bridge of the nose

Black hair = full lips

Red hair = thin lips

And of course all the other stuff like skin tone, hair, eye color and so on.

I am not seeing anything near a close resemblance on any level.  I would swear they have different fathers (is that technically possible with humans "twins"?).
 




 The solution is obvious.

Whether you want to go there only you can decide.

I've been where you are.  I suspect no amount of advice will help.  You have to learn the hard and painful way till you find someone who does treat you right.  Then you'll wonder what the fuck you were thinking.

Then you'll come to Reddit and give the same sage advice to the next tortured soul and they'll ignore you too.

Some things I think have to be experienced to really be learned.  Painful as it may be.

Keep the faith.  The person for you is out there and chances are you'll find each other someday.
 









 You've got it wrong.

Do the things you do because you *want* to do them for the other person.  Do them expecting nothing in return.

If your SO does not treat you they way you want to be treated then you need to have a long talk or you need to break up.

Making lists of who did what and comparing them and getting mad that things are lopsided is a recipe for disaster.
 




 Repetition.

If you have a list to remember (say vocabulary words for a foreign language) don't try and cram the night before the test.  Make a list of ten or twenty and read them everyday.  Don't "try" to commit them to memory.  Just read them once or twice a day, every day.  You'll start to remember them naturally.

If it is math then do a handful of a given set of math problems every day and solve them.  Rinse and repeat.

Read five pages of your history book then re-read those pages the next day.  And so on...

This way it barely feels like work and you absorb the material better.

Adjust as necessary to meet your workload.
 




 Partially true.

Betamax had superior video and audio to VHS but Sony monopolized it so there was very little variation in models and features and it was a lot more expensive than VHS. 




 If that is so serves them right.

They could have stood with the teachers but chose not to.

They'll get what's coming to them when there is no one left.
 




 My sister and I were a classic sibling rivalry.

When we grew up and she got married and had kids my guiding light for gifts for my niece and nephews was shit that made noise.

Sometimes you've gotta play the long game...
 




 This is one of the reasons I love Reddit.  People dropping in and filling in the blanks.  Wish I could give more upvotes. 




 What is interesting is the ONE union he has no problem with is the police union.

He knows he needs someone to protect him when the public has had enough and decides to camp out on his lawn.
 




 I did that but without micro they managed to get in front of the asteroids again.

I just sucked it up and moved on.   




 Dunno why but wish I could upvote this more than once. 




 I shouldn't laugh but I did.
 




 If you want to be a pedant (which I will) they got her name wrong.  To be fair most everyone does and it seems she just gave up the fight and rolls with it.

Her last name is pronounced "Thron". (Like "Tron" but with that "h" in there.  It's South African so comes from/pronounced in(?) Afrikaans.)

Don't take my word for it.  [Take hers.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3TTi_gAS5c) 

EDIT to add: Hearing her talk in Afrikaans makes her even more sexy which is quite an achievement.  Also, Piers Morgan who is interviewing her in that clip is a doofus (to put it mildly...there is one Brit I wish stayed in Great Britain).
 




 While not quite the same thing I remember something similar with my nephew.

I think he was four or five when his parents figured out he had a semi-severe vision problem.  He wasn't blind but his vision was really poor.

They took him to get glasses (and these were coke-bottle type glasses...very thick).  On the ride home they said his eyes were wide and he was silent.  Just staring at a world he had never really seen before.

I wish they had videoed it but sounds like the look on this kid's face.  Just that "whoa!" moment.
 




 OP wants the [Death Blossom](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=MLNvUsTBGyE#t=118)

(you young people missed all the good movies) 




 I played Homeworld when it came out and it remains one of my top five games of all time.  While there is no doubt Gearbox did a smashing job on the re-master my feelings for the game are those of someone who played and enjoyed it 16 years ago.

I am curious how those new to the game see it.  Is it all it's cracked up to be or something less? 




 Had a 12 hour flight home about a month ago, bumped into this random badass russian dude in the airport in the smoking section whom I bummed a cigarette off of.

Was it [The Machine](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHfroJBMlVM)?


 




 When you are ten one year is 1/10 of your life (10%).

When you are fifty one year is 1/50 of your life (2%).
 




 There is nothing new or unusual about federal regulations preempting state law.  That said it is a point of regular contention in the courts over the years.

All that is to say it is neither automatically right or wrong.   




 Awesome.  Now it goes to yet more litigation.  Hopefully it'll win there too.
 




 My PC was just re-built a week ago, fresh install of everything. 8GB RAM, GTX-980, game runs silky smooth.

On Mission #4 I am getting a crash.  It happens different times but always a ways in (after the Bentusi).  Usually (it seems) as I capture Ion frigates.

Getting annoying because I cannot seem to get past this mission with that crash.  Guess I have to save scum to do it.
 




 Yes.  Update.  At least it sure seemed that way to me.
 




 Yeah, download the DLC (which came with your purchase...it's the original games) to play the campaign.
 




 I installed the game via Steam as normal and immediately jumped in.  I had no problems but decided I wanted to play with headphones on so I exited the game, setup my headphones for surround sound awesome and went back in.  

Steam then downloaded another few hundred meg update.  Dunno what it is but it's there.  Probably worth doing before you get too far.  It is not very big so shouldn't take too long.
 




 I forgot to do that :/

Fortunately I have a fast broadband connection so not too painful but still... 




 This is one of those special games that just sticks with you.

Hope you enjoy it as much as I did (I suspect you will). 




 If you ordered the collector's edition and have not received the box yet Gearbox is will try to help you: https://gearboxsoftware.zendesk.com/entries/62587454-Amazon-Collector-s-Edition-Not-Delivered-by-Feb-25
 




 I remember having to slowly plink away at one ship at a time, retreat, repair and do it again.  Took me hours. 




 I'm excited for a new generation of gamers to get to play and experience the Homeworld games.

As has been stated many times (here and elsewhere) Homeworld, despite being over 15 years old, holds up remarkably well.  It simply has not been equaled in all that time and remains a high water mark for the RTS genre both in its gameplay and outstanding story all delivered with a high polish.

To those wondering if it is worth your money I would say definitely.  You really cannot go wrong unless you simply do not like the genre itself.  If you do like this genre this is one of the all time best.
 




 Do yourself a favor and play this.  Unless you just hate the genre this is a great game.  For me this is in my all-time top five favorite games.  For years I would go to GOG in hopes of finding it on there.  It really is outstanding.  

I sincerely hope this does well and they consider doing Homeworld 3 (or re-building Cataclysm from scratch).  Whatever...we just could use more of this.  Sadly the actor who did the cut scene narration and Bentusi (Campbell Lane) passed away so he'll be missed in any new Homeworld game.  He really helped set the feel/tone for the game.
 




 Lawyers are way ahead of you:

- [Nvidia hit with class-action lawsuit over graphics card RAM issues](http://arstechnica.com/gaming/2015/02/nvidia-hit-with-class-action-lawsuit-over-graphics-card-ram-issues/) 




 We've recently been cruising the http://www.meetup.com website and gone to a few gatherings.  Were they the "best" date ever?  No.  But they were different and so far they have been fun.  With a little time I think they could be great fun.  (Meet new friends too)

EDIT:  To the OP - Do you live in a big city or small city or the country?  Your options are limited by your location.  For instance I live in Chicago.  Taking her mountain climbing really isn't going to happen. 




 I *think* [Tantric Sex](http://www.askmen.com/dating/love_tip/43_love_tip.html) might be a start but there is a lot of mysticism wrapped up in it.  So much so I hate pointing anyone at this but some swear by it and it seems it might be something for you.  

Remember though your partner may or may not be on board so keep that in mind. 




 Eat vegetables.
 




 Nitpick:  1.5 years but yeah, bullshit.

The game was supposedly [built in parallel and not a port](http://www.reddit.com/r/GrandTheftAutoV_PC/comments/2swhgj/is_gta_v_pc_a_port_or_a_parallel/) but even if it wasn't I thought the new "next gen" hardware was supposed to be close to a PC in a box so as to make cross-platform programming a breeze.

I figured the delay of 1.5 years was to milk the hell out of the console market and then sell it on the PC market because let's face it, few would buy the console version if they had a quality PC version to get instead.

This delay of a month I doubt is to refine the "port" any more.  They'd have had to have been asleep at the wheel for over a year for that to happen.  It was probably ready to go a few months after the console release.

My guess is the game market for the PS4/XBone sucks.  There precious few killer games for those systems.  Nearly everything has been a let down.  As a result sales for GTA5 have remained stronger than they expected since it is probably still the most worthwhile game to get for those systems.

They figure they can make more money delaying the PC release.  It'll wait and make them lots of $$$ even another month late.  Best to milk the next gen market awhile longer.
 




 Me too.

Weirdest release time I have ever seen.  Usually releases happen on Tuesdays and usually unlocks at midnight EST (New York time).

This is weirdly random. 




 Also, there are a HELL of a lot of people who don't give a shit that it's supposedly only 6 hours long. Myself included. I'd be happy with a shorter narrative game that looks beautiful. I already have a backlog that's longer than I want to even think about. I don't need another ridiculously long game to add to that.

So for their next title you'll be even happier with a four hour game that is two hours of cut scenes and two hours of quicktime event gameplay as long as it looks good?

How low can they go before you you think $60 is too much? (honest question)

And how big of a backlog can you have on your PS4?  (honest question) 




 The silver truck is clearly spinning his wheels.  I do not think traction control would let that happen. 




 Here's something more straightforward.

Doom came out in 1993 and of course computer gaming has been on the rise since then.

[Violent crimes in the US peaked in 1994 and have plummeted since then.](http://slatestarcodex.com/blog_images/crime_rate.gif)

Correlation does not equal causation but if people want to say that computer games increase violence then they need to find something that has pushed crime down despite the (supposed) upward pressure from computer games.
 




 ...if I could find a group of non swearing teens maybe she would be ok with that.

Non-swearing teen gamers? Good luck with that.  Easily the most foul mouthed group I have ever come across and it's not even clever swearing.  It is more a diarrhea of the mouth kind of swearing.  

I suggest you use a gaming headset (built in mic) so she can't hear what's going on.  You can refrain from swearing (so she won't hear you).

And, while you seem to enjoy the shooty games, there are lots of awesome non-shooty/blood magic games out there. 

EDIT:  Back in the day (i.e. when computer gaming was still a new thing) there were "boss keys" built in to games.  When the boss came around (or in your case mom/dad) you'd hit the boss key and the game would pause and put up a spreasheet on the screen.

Quite handy that.

Maybe keep MS-Word running in the background with a partially completed paper then ALT-Tab when they come by.  You have to be fast and of course it won't save/pause your game but you do what you can.
 




 So what did [Stuxnet](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stuxnet) target?
 




 Tires are certainly a part of it.

Traction control would be even better (not sure if either has it).

It could be the driver in the black truck is better.  The silver truck spins its wheels, black truck seems to carefully put on power and maintain traction.  Once the silver truck spins its wheels they've pretty much lost.
 




 I don't understand why people like Destiny or other games like it, but obviously lots do. 

My theory is there is precious little else for them to play.  The nextgen consoles (at least the PS4/Xbone) have yet to deliver anything really compelling.  There just is not a lot else demanding their time.   




 Looks like a real life Dr. Seuss character.

 




 i7-930 here and still works like a charm.  I recently replaced my AMD 7970 for a 980 for G-Sync.  Can't decide if I need to update the CPU.  Seems to still get the job done.
 




 I recently bought a 980 for G-Sync but till that used AMD cards.  They all worked great with one minor issue with a Total War game that took the devs months to sort out.  Other than that flawless and game performance was excellent.

But yeah, my last card (7970) would *literally* heat my room in winter (I had to cover up my vents and I live in Chicago so yeah, gets cold here).  Kidjanot.

EDIT:  AMD's points system for playing games that would get you discounts on games and hardware was a joke though.  I play a lot of games and barely racked up points and the "deals" were barely deals at all.  Since it just sort of happened in the background it didn't really matter but it actually pissed me off more than made me happy because it was so much BS.
 
























 No.  There isn't. It is not ionizing radiation.  It has no more chance of giving you cancer than the heat from a stove will give you cancer.

But with RF radiation, theres already evidence that its an extremely unlikely carcinogen. For one thing, theres no plausible mechanism by which cell phones or Wi-Fi devices could cause cancer, said Leonard Finegold, a physics professor at Drexel University.

Its not just that we dont know exactly how RF waves would cause cancer. Its that theres no plausible way for it to happen without rewriting the laws of physics and biology. Its by the same reasoning that most scientists dismiss homeopathic medicine  at least the genuine kind thats so dilute theres nothing in it. [SOURCE](http://www.forbes.com/sites/fayeflam/2015/01/19/the-science-of-wi-fi-and-cancer-dont-fear-the-router/)
 




 Not much really.

The WiFi unit in your room is heating you up.  Just happens that the power is so low the effect is negligible and unnoticeable.

FCC regulations limit the maximum output of a consumer WiFi router to 1 watt (1000 mw).  That is not a lot of power.  Even small microwave ovens will be 700 watts so 700 times more powerful when it comes to heating things up versus your WiFi (and many microwave ovens go well over 1000 watts).  
 




 Years ago my company was laying off my department and my boss was complicit in it.  He happily kept shrinking our department out of existence so he could make numbers show he was increasing profit.

It worked for two years.  Then when all but a couple (literally two) people were left his boss fired him for largely the same reason. Who needs a middle manager when there is no one to manage?
I had a moment of schadenfreude over that one but it was bittersweet.

 




 Yup.

Why? Because fuck you, that's why.  









 Led Zeppelin. Bonzo. The greatest rock n' roll band of all time. Yeah. That's right. Better than the Beatles. Better than the Stones. Even better than Tenacious D. Yeah. And if you don't agree with me, that's because you never did the Zeppelin marathon. The Zepp-a-thon is when you sit you're ass down and listen to all nine Zep albums in a row."

Yeah. It's rock n' roll Hajj. The thing that every true fan must do at least once in their lifetime. The pilgrimage to heavy metal Mecca. The jams of Led Zeppelin are second to none. Just ask anyone from Oliver Stone to Paul Ryan and everyone in between. They sang songs about love, about Vikings. About Vikings making love. 

You know, they say that Led Zeppelin sold their souls to Satan. Come on guys, you know you did! There's no other way to explain your ungodly talent. I just want to say thank you because while you're in Hell, the human race will cherish your Heavenly jams until the end of time. It's a small price to pay. We love you. The best band ever. SOURCE: [Jack Black honoring Led Zeppelin in 2012 at the Kennedy Center to award them lifetime achievement awards](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ta0gDfGb9u0)

So yeah, everyone has to do a Zepp-a-thon at least once in their life.
 




 Dumbest thing I have heard in awhile and that's saying something these days. 









 Is there going to be more to it? 




 $95 million?  For that?  Really? 









 Classic [Reddit Hug of Death](http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/34538143.jpg)
 









 Believe it or not there is plenty of market research to support selling things for $0.01 below a big, round number works.

Psychological pricing (also price ending, charm pricing) is a pricing/marketing strategy based on the theory that certain prices have a psychological impact. Retail prices are often expressed as "odd prices": a little less than a round number, e.g. $19.99 or 2.98. Consumers tend to perceive odd prices as being significantly lower than they actually are, tending to round to the next lowest monetary unit. Thus, prices such as $1.99 are associated with spending $1 rather than $2. The theory that drives this is that lower pricing such as this institutes greater demand than if consumers were perfectly rational. Psychological pricing is one cause of price points. [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psychological_pricing)
 




 What circlejerk?

You see no difference between a life sentence and zero jail time here? 




 That steak is woefully undercooked.  It is completely raw in the center.  I'd be surprised if the center of that was even warm.

A good medium rare looks [like this.](http://www.burgermary.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/reverse-sear-result-steak.png)

 




 None probably.  They just abetted groups that had hundreds or thousands killed but hey...they didn't pull the trigger right?
 




 [Honest Question]

Are other players allowed to fiddle and futz at will and everyone else has to deal with it?

I mean, the one guy is endlessly farting around with his chips. Ziiirp, ziiirp,  ziirp, ziirp...

After that video another loaded and the same thing...some guy endlessly farting around with his chips.

That is cool?  Everyone else has to just deal with the distraction?  Would drive me batty (maybe that is the point and why I should never sit at those tables).
 




 It's the Wall Street Journal and getting around their paywall is [trivially easy](http://www.google.com/url?sa=t rct=j q= esrc=s source=web cd=4 cad=rja uact=8 ved=0CCcQFjAD url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wsj.com%2Farticles%2Fsilk-road-founder-ross-ulbricht-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-1432929957 ei=b9RoVbe4CIaGsAW8-IPIBw usg=AFQjCNEnnTkHY_FOl5-ght53bmQU5NHBWA sig2=MaoBJ5dGE92HKVHPM9cvEA bvm=bv.94455598,d.b2w).

Unfortunately I cannot do that when posting the story.
 




 I agree Ulbricht deserved jail time but life in prison?  Seems excessive.

Particularly when considering how others like HSBC get off with zero jail time for more egregious actions.  Add to that this is yet another example of the government lashing out in a failed drug war. 




 Yeah.

Remember though that HSBC laundered at least $881 million in Mexican drug cartel money and $660 million in prohibited transactions from Iran, Cuba, Sudan, Libya and Burma.  No one is guessing at this.  They admitted it.

The banks' laundering transactions were so brazen that the NSA probably could have spotted them from space. Breuer admitted that drug dealers would sometimes come to HSBC's Mexican branches and "deposit hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash, in a single day, into a single account, using boxes designed to fit the precise dimensions of the teller windows."  [SOURCE](http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/outrageous-hsbc-settlement-proves-the-drug-war-is-a-joke-20121213#ixzz3bYuRnb5c)

They paid a $1.9 billion fine which sounds like a lot but is about five weeks of income for them.

Number of people in jail for this -- 0


 









 I doubt they sell drugs there because it would be too easy to get caught.

More likely it is a money laundering operation.  Think Walter White buying the car wash in Breaking Bad (or their attorney telling them to buy a nail salon).

I have a shitty (really shitty) convenience store in my neighborhood with a meager and awful selection of the cheapest crap you can think of with terrible hours (like 8a to 6p).  Apart from buying cigarettes I am not sure there is anything worth buying.  I would be surprised if they have more than $100 in sales each day.

Yet they remain there.  My only guess is it is for laundering money.
 




 How in the world does something like this cost $60 million?  Seriously.  If 100 people worked on it that'd be $600,000/person.

I get there is equipment and materials and so on but then there won't be anywhere near 100 people working on it either.  

I'd love to see an itemization of this.
 




 [Harold   Maude](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harold_and_Maude#Awards)

An oldie but a classic.
 




  That's why the A-10 can carry a million other munitions on it's 10,000 other stations.

This.

Plus the A-10 can get mission kills on main battle tanks with its cannon (e.g. the tank is not necessarily destroyed but rendered useless for the duration of a given battle via taking out its engine or chewing up its tracks and suspension and so on).
 




 ...that if 5% (arbitrary number) of the population is homosexual, and this is for no obvious valuable reason...

Others have already noted it is not a disorder because it does not harm the person or other people.  

As far as having no "obviously valuable reason" there is some evidence to suggest (and note we are talking from an evolutionary standpoint and why being homosexual was not selected against) a gay person in the family increased the survival likelihood of the family.  This is often referred to as the [Gay Uncle theory.](http://www.livescience.com/6106-gay-uncles-pass-genes.html)

Also, there is some evidence that [the gene that makes men gay makes women in their family more fecund](http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2004/oct/13/highereducation.research) (fertile...they have more kids).  That dovetails nicely with the Gay Uncle theory (now there is a male who can help support the larger family rather than be off worrying about his own).

In short, from an evolutionary point of view, there is a valuable reason to have gay people in your society.
 




 I often have a "throw the bums out, all of 'em" attitude but Schakowsky is my Rep and for the most part I like her.  I wish she was higher profile.
 




 I wouldn't be surprised if that was a [honeypot.](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/o2mgI4Nep-8/maxresdefault.jpg) (Basically a computer dedicated to enticing malware and viruses to get on it...antivirus companies use them to detect Day One viruses ASAP.)

If that is a real person's PC well...surprised it worked enough to take a screenshot.
 




 I have been on Steam for near ten years.  Think I have contacted customer support 4-5 times in all that time (maybe less, I can only remember two but figure there are probably a couple I forgot).  EVERY time I got no satisfaction and was told (essentially) tough luck, sucks to be you.
 




 For those who have played Witcher 3 I wonder if her work inspired their [Botchling monster.](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/o2mgI4Nep-8/maxresdefault.jpg)

As an aside that whole sequence was some of the weirdest gameplay I've seen in a game in ages.
 




 I am circumcised and have enjoyed sex quite a lot my whole life with no trouble and my partners (for the most part) have been pleased too.

Much ado about nothing.  Hundreds of millions of men are circumcised and until relatively recently it was never an issue at all.

I am 48 years old and I can say I have never, ever in my whole life had a conversation with another dude about how much it sucked to be circumcised until the last decade or so.  Growing up all the boys were fine and chasing girls like normal and having sex when and where they could like normal and enjoying it like normal.

It's like guys are feeling left out because every other group has something to bitch about so they need something too.

I am pretty sure me and a couple hundred million other guys do NOT feel mutilated or handicapped in any way and have enjoyed our sex lives quite a lot. 




 Money.

The members of FIFA are getting quite wealthy off it. 




 In the United States, the term "treaty" has a different, more restricted legal sense than exists in international law. United States law distinguishes what it calls treaties from executive agreement, congressional-executive agreements, and sole executive agreements. All four classes are equally treaties under international law; they are distinct only from the perspective of internal American law. The distinctions are primarily concerning their method of approval. Whereas treaties require advice and consent by two-thirds of the Senators present, sole executive agreements may be executed by the President acting alone. Some treaties grant the President the authority to fill in the gaps with executive agreements, rather than additional treaties or protocols. And finally, congressional-executive agreements require majority approval by both the House and the Senate, either before or after the treaty is signed by the President.  [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treaty#United_States_law)

So, basically, a treaty is whatever the president wants to call it.  If it is inconvenient to get it passed as a treaty then no problem...call it something else and *poof*...problem solved. 




 Just playing Devil's Advocate here.  I am not a fan of AT T.

The First Amendment only protects you from the *government* restricting your right to free speech.  AT T is under no obligation from the First Amendment to let you use their service to say whatever you want.

Kinda like I have free speech but not in your front yard.  In your front yard you are free to tell me to shut-up and leave and no amount of my claiming you are restricting my right to free speech will help me.  So too with AT T.  It is their property so it is their terms that prevail.
 




 Grey Stallion

Not great but I can live with it.

FTR I do not have an XBox...just used my GOG account for it.
 




 [P47 is best as a hit-and-run "energy fighter".](https://youtu.be/Lu5vX86TdIU?t=629) Which is to say get altitude on your enemy, dive on them then use the energy from the dive to escape and climb back to altitude.  Rinse and repeat.

It actually wasn't a bad all around plane at all and could out-turn a BF-109 or FW-190 even at low altitude (BF-109 was definitely an energy fighter and getting into a turn match with other planes was usually death for it but they were lethal in hit-and-run fights).
 




 You can if you do it the old fashioned way of holding the floor and talking forever.  60+ votes stops the procedural filibuster.

Also realize that fast track authority makes it against the rules to filibuster once the treaty comes up for a vote so it was now or never for them to filibuster.
 




 [Angry Joe got one of those for his new battlestation.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNN9RTChRiw)

His has GTX980's in SLI.

He says he got a deal on it for some promotional consideration but I have no idea how much. 




 How is it that for six years the republicans could filibuster with no more effort than raising an eyebrow?

And assuming there was some legislative routine that stopped the silent filibuster where were Warren and Sanders (and I assume they could find a few others) in this?  They should have done it the old fashioned way.  Surely they could get a few others on their side and done tag-team, stand on the floor and read the D.C. phonebook till they killed this.

I keep seeing Sanders offering up populist proposals but I have yet to see him throw down when it counts.  Going to fundraisers is a lot more fun than standing on the senate floor pulling a days long filibuster.
 




 They find somewhere to perch and ride it out.  If the rain persists long enough (e.g. days) they can run a risk of starvation.

And it is not like one drip grounds them.  They can fly a bit in the rain but once they get soaked they are grounded.
 




 Same here (except it's a 5930k).

Get a stable OC of 4.5Ghz and max temps of around 55^o C while doing a stress test (I have seen a given core spike to just above 60^o C but only for a moment and it is back to about 55).

 




  (water is densest right before it freezes)

4^o C to be specific. 




  Simply traveling at light speed does not require acceleration. Nothing in the question, or in your answers, supposes acceleration at all.

The OP wrote:

will humans ever be able to reach them?

All answers were considering that question.

How do you propose humans move at light speed without acceleration?

Now consider the Twin Paradox and acceleration breaking symmetry and you see why things with mass cannot go the speed of light.


Further, the ONLY things that need no acceleration are massless particles.  Anything with mass *must* be accelerated to light speed (or arbitrarily close) because, in fact, things with mass can't go light speed (which is to say they come into existence slower and can only be accelerated around).
 




 No.

Acceleration breaks the symmetry.

[See the "Twin Paradox".](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twin_paradox) 




 You are wrong.

You are right that you can get arbitrarily close to the speed of light which means your clock will run ever slower.

However, it is absolutely true that if you ACHIEVE light speed (impossible) and do not merely get ever closer your clock stops.

It is definitional in relativity.
 




 I understand it just fine.

If we assume a magic rocket that can push you to the speed of light (impossible) time will stop for the people on the ship.  

That said it is impossible for something with mass to got the speed of light so you can get arbitrarily close to it but never reach it.  

To those looking at you they will see your clocks moving slower.  To you your clocks will be running at a normal speed.

If you actually achieved light speed your clock stops.

Indeed physics call allow for things that go faster than light speed (e.g. tachyons) or slower (NOTE: we have never observed things that go faster than "c" but they can fit within current physical models).  But light speed itself is a barrier.  Things that go faster can never go slower and vice versa.

 




 "c" is the speed of light in a vacuum.

It is measured as 299,792,458 m/s in *all* reference frames (meaning no matter where you are or what you are doing you will measure the speed of light in a vacuum as that speed).

It is a universal speed limit so no...no human can ever reach it.  

Nothing with mass can reach that speed.  

There are a variety of reasons such as time slowing down the closer you get to "c".  When you hit "c" time would stop for you (e.g. if you pushed the button on your magic space ship drive that moved you at "c" you could never, ever, in the history of the whole universe, push the button again to turn it off because time will have stopped for you...the universe will literally cease to exist before you can push the button again to stop your ship).

There are other issues too but that is a show stopper all by itself.
 




 ["Naked short selling"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naked_short_selling) is selling shares you do not own.  It has a dubious legal status.  It can be done but is dodgy.

Most times short selling is done by borrowing from someone who owns the security.

For example, let's say you own 100 pebbles.  I think pebbles will go down in value.  So I borrow some pebbles from you with a promise to give them back to you a week later.

You agree and charge me some fee for the trouble.

I borrow 10 of your 100 pebbles and immediately sell them on the market.  Let's say for $10 each ($100 total).  I HAVE to give you 10 pebbles back at the end of the week...no matter what!

So, if the pebble lose value I can re-buy the pebbles on the open market for less than I sold them.  Pretend at the end of the week I can buy those pebbles back for $9.00/each.  I can re-buy the 10 pebbles $90. 

I now give you your 10 pebbles back.  They cost me $90 but when I borrowed from you a week earlier I sold them for $100 so I pocket $10 (actually a bit less due to fees and a charge to "borrow" the security).

If the pebbles rise in value I'm screwed.  I still have to buy back 10 shares to return to you but now I buy them at a loss.
 




 Let's say you think Widget Corp. stock will go down in price.

1)  Borrow the stock from someone who owns stock in "Widget Corp." (naked short selling is selling the stock without owning it which is usually a crime).

2) When you borrow the stock you promise to repay the person the stock you borrowed (not in cash as if you bought it but return the stock) and often some cash for the service.  

3)  When the stock goes down you sell it.  Say you borrowed it when it was $100.  You then sell it at $100.  A short time later, if you guessed right, the stock is worth, say, $90.  You re-buy the shares you borrowed for $90/share and return them to the person you borrowed from.

4)  You pocket the difference between the borrowed price and the re-purchase price minus some fees.

If the price goes up you *still* have to give the stock back which means you buy at a loss and lose money on the transaction.

You can also use Options to give you an "option" to buy or sell stock at a set price.  This can be used to bet either way on a stock market move.  However, it is safer because you have the "option" and not an obligation to sell the stock.  You pay a premium very much akin to an insurance premium for this right.  In this way you can spend a little to cover you from a big move. 




 LSD and marijuana are not physically addictive.

I doubt he smoked enough hashish to be an issue.
 




  Hot dogs don't need to have 10lbs of condiments to be delicious. 

Just do not ask for ketchup there.

I know a lot of people get bent out of shape because they want their food their way but a few Chicago hot dog joints are unrepentant about refusing to put ketchup on hot dogs.

Personally I support them in refusing to put ketchup on hot dogs.  If you like your hot dogs that way vote with your feet and go elsewhere.
 




 That *looks* kinda gross.
 




  Alien: Isolation was recently revealed to have sold 2 million copies, which has to be disappointing for a big name franchise like that launching on 5 platforms.

Yup although really 2+ million sold is not bad at all by most measures.

Sega has revealed its full-year software units sales, and some of its releases have fallen short of sales expectations. Most noticeably is the critical hit Alien: Isolation, which has solid 2.1 million copies to date, but failed to meet Sega expectations.  [SOURCE](http://www.gamereactor.eu/news/309474/Sega+disappointed+in+Alien%3A+Isolation+sales/)
 




 Puppies.
 




  Steel becomes molten at about 1500c but becomes fairly malleable at about 500c

As can be seen at any blacksmith's forge as they hammer out hot steel into whatever it is they are making.  Clearly the steel is not molten but it is malleable and not strong. 




 Same here (hell, I can see my building in that photo).

To be fair I rarely have cause to be walking just west of the river. 




 15.5 years old?

No time is a good time to take your own life but 15.5 is FAR too young!

It gets better...I wish I could tell that to every young person.  I know sometimes things seem bleak but hang in there.

It gets better.  Don't do something irrevocable.


 




 AMD has been AWOL with competitive video card releases for awhile now.  [Nvidia has had four releases with no answer from AMD](http://www.forbes.com/sites/jasonevangelho/2015/03/17/with-titan-x-nvidia-has-introduced-4-unanswered-gpus/) and the [r9 280x was pretty much a re-branded 7970.](https://youtu.be/xoH3ly5gkoI?t=507)

People can fanboy all they want about which cards are better but at the end of the day we are all served well when there is real competition between them.  Without it we get crap like this from Nvidia.

Let's hope the upcoming card from AMD is a performance winner and a good value.  As consumers we will all win if it is.
 




 They just never made a constitutional framework that could eliminate them.

They practically guaranteed it.  Perhaps they did not realize it but a First Past the Post voting system such as we have in the US basically guarantees a two-party system. 




 There are other reasons for the Electoral College.

If the president is elected by direct vote (e.g. just a straight-up 50%+1 vote of the whole voting populace) then the president can ignore wide swaths of the country.  The population is centered in cities so the "fly over" states can largely be ignored.

Or...pander to an ethnic majority or religious majority.

With the electoral college the candidates need to win a lot of smaller races to win.  They cannot ignore minority interests as easily.

We are used to such contests and have no problem with them as a way to do things:

The same logic that governs our electoral system, he saw, also applies to many sports--which Americans do, intuitively, understand. In baseballs World Series, for example, the team that scores the most runs overall is like a candidate who gets the most votes. But to become champion, that team must win the most games. In 1960, during a World Series as nail-bitingly close as that years presidential battle between Kennedy and Nixon, the New York Yankees, with the awesome slugging combination of Mickey Mantle, Roger Maris, and Bill "Moose" Skowron, scored more than twice as many total runs as the Pittsburgh Pirates, 55 to 27. Yet the Yankees lost the series, four games to three. Even Natapoff, who grew up in the shadow of Yankee Stadium, conceded that Pittsburgh deserved to win. "Nobody walked away saying it was unfair," he says. [SOURCE](http://discovermagazine.com/2004/sep/math-against-tyranny)
 




 Should be titled:

"I can startle people by making loud noises when they are not expecting it/mostly naked and then post it to YouTube about how my friend startles like anyone else on the whole fucking planet would."

Guess that is not as snappy though.

 




 You can [buy a stick blender for less than $15 these days and good ones for about $35.](https://www.google.com/search?q=stick+blender ie=utf-8 oe=utf-8#tbs=vw:l,price:1,ppr_max:50 tbm=shop q=stick+blender)  They are very useful for lots of things. 

It is worth getting one. 




 Why does CDPR not seem to get the FOV issue?

Once again their game has a far too narrow a FOV for comfort.  I cannot believe they are unaware of it and only do it to hit some FPS mark.
 




 Yes, that is why it is so yummy! 

No one has ever claimed it was healthy. ;)
 




 Foolproof, 1 minute hollandaise sauce: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rOWzVV_XrcM hd=1

Best cooking "trick" I've come across.

EDIT:  Changed link to original poster and not someone stealing their video.  Same video though. 




 How many people were protesting?  The article does not say.  A handful of cranks can be expected for any topic.  If there were several hundred then that is something else.
 




 FWIW driving killed it for me and I own barley any driving games (i.e. I am not a snobbish about perfection in driving).

There was just something wonky about the controls in Watch Dogs that always made itself felt.  Like something soft and spongy...I dunno how to describe it.  It just SUCKED is all (sorry caps but yeah...it sucked).

Also...mouse movement in menus was just...bizarre and annoying (and I have mouse acceleration disabled on my PC).

tl;dr  Controls are seriously wonky. 




 Imagine we use pebbles as currency.

I want to buy a widget from you and it costs me ten pebbles.  I dig into my pocket and hand you ten pebbles and you give me the widget.

Electronic transfers are doing basically the same thing.  Taking stuff out of your pocket and giving it to someone else.

Obviously if we used pebbles for money transacting things like buying a house would be difficult.  We'd need trucks to carry the money around.  What is much more efficient is to just move the money around on a ledger.

So, you have all your pebbles at a bank.  So do a lot of other people.  You do not have a private vault with only your pebbles in it.  The bank keeps them all in a big pile and keeps a ledger that records who has what.

When an electronic transfer order comes in the bank records the transaction on their ledger which says you now have less money and the merchant has more money.  Yet not one pebble in the bank vault was moved.  It was all done on paper.  Even if it is different banks they have some money moving one way and some moving the other way.  At the end of the day they settle up and find most of it cancels out (e.g. my bank has to give your bank $5 but then someone else did business the other way and your bank owes my bank $5...at the end of the day they square their ledgers and no money physically moves).

You still need the pebbles in the vault though.  If you just think you can magic up some money without the assets to back it up (i.e. pebbles in this case) then bad things happen.  Ask Zimbabwe who tried it and ended up printing $100 trillion bills (yes, trillion with a "t").  [You can buy them for about US$40](http://banknoteworld.com/shop/Zimbabwe-100-Trillion-Dollars-2008-P-91-Uncirculated-1-Piece.html) but they are worthless as a currency.  Just a novelty item now.

 




 The issue is that consoles are harming the PC gaming market.

Developers, very reasonably and understandably, develop to the lowest common denominator.  It is very expensive to make different versions for different systems.  

I am on the fence with this one.

On the one hand CDPR seemed to go above and beyond to make what looks to be a high water mark in open world CRPG.  Doing that took a lot of time, people and money to produce.  To make a profit and stay in business they need to widen the audience and pull in consoles too.  Unfortunately this means graphics get left behind.

On the flip side it fucking sucks that the graphics on this highly anticipated game has been kneecapped.  We all know it could have been fucking awesome.  Stellar even.  Truly a triumph and an unparalleled high water mark.  Instead we get insipid graphics (honestly I am wondering if Witcher 2 actually has better graphics...I intend to check).

Personally I think if they had delivered a PC-only tour de force they'd have had people ditching their consoles and upgrading their PCs.  They should have had Intel and Nvidia subsidize them to give people a reason to buy new hardware.

tl;dr Consoles are killing PC gaming because they make the whole industry cater to the lowest performing setup.

 




 You cannot send money you do not have because an electronic transfer is a deduction from one account and a deposit at another account.

So, you swipe your credit card at a store and the store's computer contacts your credit card provider and asks it if there is enough money in the account to cover the purchase.  If yes the sale continues and the amount is deducted from your account and added to the merchant's account.

If there is no money to be had the transaction is canceled.

So too with countries.  If Greece says, "Here is 500 billion," the bank receiving the money needs to find the account where that money is stored and deduct it.  If it is not there then it does not happen.

 




 I like mine too.

My girlfriend likes it as well.
 




 She has a great series of videos.  Anyone interested in this cuisine (which is very tasty) should watch her videos.
 




  It may help a tiny bit when it comes to stuff like showers. But to a toilet, or if you're filling a pot with water to cook, it'll just take longer to fill. And in a shower situation, it may take you a little longer to rinse your hair, for example.

It helps more than that because people often let their taps run while doing things like brushing their teeth or washing dishes.  As a result there is a lot of water wasted.  Flow restrictors will minimize that waste. 




 There is not enough information in the OP to really tell why they might be getting headaches.

One possibility is you get [motion sickness playing video games](http://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2011/dec/19/video-games-makes-me-sick).  It is fairly common and can present itself as a headache and/or nausea.  

To combat this many PC games have a field of view (FOV) setting that you can adjust which may alleviate the problem.  For console players they are (generally) further from the TV while playing so do not suffer from this as much.  If it is happening while playing a console game try sitting further away from the TV.

Unfortunately some developers do not put a FOV control in their game for various reasons.  For me, if there is no FOV control I will not buy the game because playing makes me physically ill. 




 It's more than just cost.  AMD cards are competitive but Nvidia is winning the marketing war.  You can see many in this thread who just *know* that Nvidia = faster (even though it is not really true or only just barely true and hardly worth nothing the difference).

While that is in error some things push that perception.  One of which is what I posted above.  Eight months with no answer to your competitor makes it seem you are a has-been in the tech industry. 

Further, AMD's substantially higher power requirements (and attendant higher heat generation) is a drawback and again makes them seem less efficient and thus old tech.

As I said I have used AMD cards for the last 7 or so years.  I am not an Nvidia fanboy.  But I was in the zone for a new card and AMD had nothing I wanted anymore.  That's just me though.

To be clear I really, really hope AMD succeeds with this new card.  Strong competition is good for us.  Unfortunately, and I have no idea why, AMD has lost a few steps on their competitors (Intel and Nvidia).  There was once a day when they had those guys running scared.  Now AMD is perceived as the bargain bin level of computing.

They really need to up their game.  Not easy, their competition is doing their level best to bury them and are close to succeeding.  They'll be willing to lose money in the short term if it means they can end the competition.

EDIT:  As an aside their "points program" where you earn points to get discounts on AMD stuff is pathetic.  It actually helped drive me away from AMD because it was so much bullshit.  You had to play a gazillion hours of different games to earn enough points to do much and the discounts were unbelievably pathetic for all that.
 




  Why did AMD think they could get away with a single fan on the reference design? 

[Nvidia's reference design is a single fan.](http://www.overclockers.co.uk/pimg/GX-255-EA_97524_350.jpg)

I have two 980s with the single fan reference design and while the card gets a bit toasty it is well within operating parameters and very quiet.

The advantage to these reference designs is they exhaust the hot air outside the case.  Most other cooling designs blow the hot air all around the inside of the case.  This diminishes cooling effectiveness since the fans are warming the air they use to cool the card.

If you have good case fans pushing all that out fine but more fans also equals more noise.
 




  I just don't understand why people are talking about AMD's GPUs like they need some miracle to be competitive again.

It is linked in the article:

With todays more official reveal of the Titan X and its massive 12GB framebuffer, Nvidia has now introduced four unanswered graphics cards into the market since AMDs Radeon 285 in August 2014, and these GPUs have targeted a broad consumer demographic, ranging from the $200 GTX 960 all the way up to the $999 Titan X.

Thats 8 months without a new desktop GPU product from AMD, nearly an eternity in the tech world. Thats 8 months Nvidia has had to continue eroding AMDs market share. 8 months to steal away new fans, from the mainstream PC gamer all the way up to the ultra-enthusiast.  [SOURCE](http://www.forbes.com/sites/jasonevangelho/2015/03/17/with-titan-x-nvidia-has-introduced-4-unanswered-gpus/)

FWIW I was using AMD cards the last several years (at least three card buying cycles for me) and I recently bought an Nvidia card in part because of the above.  AMD had me.  AMD lost me and won't get me back for at least three years when I next consider an upgrade.
 




 Outstanding.

I am about to do a new build and seriously drooled over Case Labs cases (I really wish their shipping times were less than 5-6 weeks...and a wee bit less expensive while I'm wishing).
 




 You are all wrong. Take into account usages and photoshoot costs and its not even comparable.

Wouldn't that apply to whoever's hands you are using to Photoshop?  Don't they get usages?
 




 TIM: There he is!

ARTHUR: Where?

TIM: There!

ARTHUR: What, behind the rabbit?

TIM: It is the rabbit.

ARTHUR: You silly sod!

TIM: What?

ARTHUR: You got us all worked up!

TIM: Well, that's no ordinary rabbit!

ARTHUR: Ohh.

TIM: That's the most foul, cruel, and bad-tempered rodent you ever set eyes on!

ROBIN: You tit! I soiled my armor I was so scared!

TIM: Look, that rabbit's got a vicious streak a mile wide! It's a killer!

GALAHAD: Get stuffed!

TIM: He'll do you up a treat, mate.

GALAHAD: Oh, yeah?

ROBIN: You mangy Scots git!

TIM: I'm warning you!

ROBIN: What's he do, nibble your bum?

TIM: He's got huge, sharp-- eh-- he can leap about-- look at the bones!

ARTHUR: Go on, Bors. Chop his head off!

BORS: Right! Silly little bleeder. One rabbit stew comin' right up!

TIM: Look!

[squeak]
BORS: Aaaugh!

[dramatic chord]
[clunk]

ARTHUR: Jesus Christ!

TIM: I warned you!

ROBIN: I done it again!

TIM: I warned you, but did you listen to me? Oh, no, you knew it all, didn't you? Oh, it's just a harmless little bunny, isn't it? Well, it's always the same. I always tell them-- 

EDIT:  Video link of the above - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XcxKIJTb3Hg hd=1
 




 I guess the question becomes whether it is cheaper to pay someone to Photoshop someone's hands or hire a hand model. 




 Her original owners urinated on her.

Do you know anyone who treats their tools like that?

Or leaves their tools in the dirt?  Outside?

 




 The idea is great and exciting.

History tells us though that most such things end up horrible.  Still, every once in awhile one works out so fingers crossed hoping this is one of the rare good ones.

But Hulu kinda ruins it all.  I cannot think of another online video content provider I hate using more than Hulu.  

We'll have to wait and see I guess.
 




 I've been using Steam for eight years or so and I have only contacted support a few times (maybe three times).

EVERY time they were of no help whatsoever and left me out in the cold.  It did not matter that I am a very good and long time customer.  It did not matter that I rarely contact them (so not bugging them for every little thing).

EVERY TIME they were slow to respond and utterly unsympathetic.  They had my money, I could go fuck myself.  Why?  Because fuck you, that's why.  They know there was nothing I could do about it.  They had me over a barrel and were more than content to leave me there.

GOG will not out compete Steam today or tomorrow but in a few years who knows?  Steam when it started kinda sucked and look where it is today.

I sincerely hope GOG makes a good go of this and Steam finds its lack of consumer support is its Achilles' Heel.

 




 You can try to contact the store you bought it from about it.

I got my new 980 from Newegg just before the new promotion started and they were super cool about it.  Sent me the code.

Note there is no guarantee they will give you the code.  They may tell you to go pound sand but it is always worth a try.

(As it happens I am about to upgrade my whole PC anyway and they just guaranteed themselves all my purchases...awesome customer service is all too rare these days.)

 




 If they have even the merest hint of actual, responsive customer service they will win over Steam. 




 This.

Make it so whoever it is you want to get revenge on is massively jealous of your success and awesomeness.

Bonus:  Totally legal and your life is rocking! 




 George Lazenby.

Probably the worst Bond and in only one film ([On Her Majesty's Secret Service](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/On_Her_Majesty%27s_Secret_Service_%28film%29)).

In the film something bad happens to him (avoiding spoilers).  This could easily be used as a reason for him breaking bad.

I think he'd actually have been an ok bad guy.


 




 There are a number of theories but perhaps the most prevalent one is the ["gay uncle" theory](http://www.livescience.com/6106-gay-uncles-pass-genes.html).

In short, gay uncles provide a net benefit to the survival of the extended family (since they do not have kids of their own they expend energy and aid in the survival of the extended family). 

There is also a [theory that female relatives of gay men are more fecund](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2158795/Gay-gene-survives-generations-female-relatives-homosexual-men-babies.html) (have more babies).  

As it happens the population does not need many males.  It needs females so some men "dropping out" of the gene pool is not a bad natural selection thing if his sisters are better able to make babies.
 




 FYI:  There is a better, faster, simpler, foolproof way to make the Hollandaise Sauce she uses in this recipe:

http://www.reddit.com/r/cookingvideos/comments/2zsovu/foolproof_1minute_hollandaise_sauce_technique/
 




 I live on the 4th floor of a walkup.  Every day it sucks climbing the stairs but then I see pics like this and I know I will never have to deal with that and I feel better.

(Well...if I do have that happen then Chicago (where I live) is under 50 feet of water so that would be some apocalypse level shit to deal with.)
 




 Amazing...not a cell phone/iPad in sight (and I get the phone won't work when flying wherever they were but the phone has music and games and books and whatnot).

 




 In general self-policing organizations such as the Bar Association or American Medical Association are not eager to punish their own members.  They certainly do but it is an uphill battle all the way and there are numerous examples of members avoiding punishment or only getting slaps on the wrist.  Akin to the police not really policing their own members (e.g. a cop generally will not ticket another cop).
 




 You are pretty much correct.

The salt left behind needs to be disposed of.

If you boil it or use electrolysis the salt is left behind and dumped and replaced with new sea water.

Filters need to be replaced (it is cheaper to replace them than to attempt to clean them).
 




  Physics teaches us that gravitation and acceleration are indistinguishable from each other without an external frame of reference.

Yup.

For the record it is called [The Equivalence Principle](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equivalence_principle) and was put forward by Einstein in the Theory of General Relativity. 




  From my point of view, it largely seems to stem from the fact he is hiding behind the first amendment to promote fringe or even quack medical and health products.

Well, while it is true he invoked his free speech rights under the First Amendment as his excuse to continue saying what he is saying it should be noted that his rights under the First Amendment were never in peril.

The First Amendment only protects you from the government silencing you.  It is entirely within the rights of Columbia University to revoke his status there and for other people to point out he is a snake oil salesman.  Dr. Oz can continue to stand in his front yard saying anything he likes but the University he works for is not required to grant him a stage or their imprimatur.

More broadly speaking to the OP the outrage towards Dr. Oz is not new at all.  There has long been anger and outrage at his peddling "magic pills".  It is only lately that the community of doctors is turning against him.  Generally they are loathe to go after one of their own (because someday they may be the one people go after and they do not want that).  But Dr. Oz has been so consistently bad for so long they could no longer remain silent and have called for his ouster from Columbia.

In some ways it is too bad this is happening.  By all accounts he is a personable guy and an exceptional heart surgeon.  It is his peddling snake oil cures that has people angry *particularly* because he is a doctor and definitely knows better.

*Primum non nocere* is a Latin phrase that means "first, do no harm" and is is one of the principal precepts of bioethics.  He is violating that.


 




 We've been shipping many features over the years aimed at allowing community creators to receive a share of the rewards...

Taking 75% of the money off the back of the mod maker's work is not sharing in the profits.  It is bilking them.  If your and Bethesda's real concern was for the mod maker you'd find a way to allow people to donate money to them legally and above board then take maybe 10-15% for your processing fees.
 




 I have issue with it.  Not because I do not think mod makers should necessarily work for free but considering the number of mods I like to use and try and change over time the mods can very, very quickly outstrip the cost of the game itself.  I had 30 mods on Skyrim and tried many more over the years.

Smacks of microtransaction hell.

Frankly there did not seem to be a problem with mods as they were.  There was no hue and cry for mod makers to get paid.  Why this should change except to line the pockets of devs and Valve even more is beyond me.

If they REALLY wanted mods makers to be able to make money they could setup a donation system and clear and legal roadblocks for the mod makers to collect. 




 All I can do is vote with my wallet.

I just bought Witcher 3 elsewhere because of this.  I will continue to find alternate venues to buy my games.

I may not always be able to and then I will buy from Steam but I can guarantee Steam will lose more from the games I won't buy from them than the mods I will buy from them.

FWIW I have been a customer of Steam for a long time and barring one or two cases (unless it was an exclusive tied to something like Origin) bought all my games through them.  I am not their #1 customer or probably even their #10,000 customer but I have spent a considerable sum with them over the years.

I will make it a point to try and spend my money elsewhere.  Amazon, GOG, Green Man Gaming are vendors that leap to mind and, much as I hate to say it, I might have to look to Origin.

If Origin/EA has a clue they'd do well to take advantage of it.  Origin already has a better return policy.  Combine that with Steam's utter lack of customer support and its new mod policy and competitors might have an opening.  

One can only hope.
 




 While I think the whole idea of paid mods is in error clearly the 75% take is obnoxious.

45% *might* be ok and Valve takes its 30% cut out of that 45%.

Just an idea, I have no idea of the *right* numbers since I think mods should not be paid for (people should be allowed to donate).  But if they MUST be paid for the 75% take from Valve/Bethesda is truly obscene. 




 In many cases you can buy the game elsewhere and still use it with Steam.

I'd suggest exploring every other possible avenue to buy a game before buying it off Steam.  GOG, Green Man Gaming and Amazon leap to mind.

If it is something you want and just have to buy through Steam for some reason then fine.  But even so if you buy most games elsewhere they'll feel the pinch and lose more than they make on Mod sales.
 




 "If you're going through hell, keep going." ~Winston Churchill  




 There are many reasons why a mod maker may not return to fix a mod (some good and some not so good).  One thing is certain though...they already have your money. 




 The problem is not buying mods does not hurt Valve in any way whatsoever.

Prior to this they made no money on mods.

They then added a bit of code to their billing system and now they can.

If you do not buy any mods they are no worse off than they were before.  It does not hurt them in the slightest.

I completely get your anger and I share it.

I just do not think Valve gives a fuck and this is the first time I have seen them turn to purely anti-consumer, money grubbing tactics ala the EA model.  If the goal is to reward mod designers the mod designers can setup a Patreon account or a dozen other means to ask the community for support.  I do not see how them getting a mere 25% will be better for them than random donations.

If Valve wants to make more money they should get Half-Life 3 out.  Pretty sure that would net them a few $$$.
 




 Mother Nature wants us to perpetuate the species.  Evolution has seen to it that we enjoy having sex to further that goal. 




 But a train ride from NYC to Chicago is just a waste of time.

Would it?

The distance is 790 miles.  

A plane will make the trip in 2 hours and 10 minutes (130 minutes).

On paper the train (if we assume 300 MPH average) would take 2.6 hours (let's go with three hours for a round number).

So, the high speed train would take 50 minutes longer. 

BUT:

- The train goes from city center to city center.  No need for commute.  I live in Chicago and can tell you the Chicago end will be 30-45 minutes from airport to city center.  Add on how long it takes to get to LaGuardia, JFK or Newark in New York). 

- You need to get to the airport particularly early to clear security.  Add on anywhere from 5-30 minutes for that (you never know...sometimes fast, sometimes slow but you have to allow for slow).

- The train is more comfortable.  Bigger seats.  No air pressure differentials.  Concession cars/bar cars.

I'd think Chicago to New York would be competitive.  At a guess I think any trip under 1000 miles might be well worth considering a train for instead of a plane (all things considered).
 




 Well, yes and no.

Certainly jet planes fly faster.  But not by as much as you might think.  Average jetliner cruise speeds are around 550 MPH.  200 MPH faster than the train is a lot but then the plane spends a good deal of time slower at takeoff and especially landing.  I am not sure what the average speed is for a whole flight (terminal to terminal) but I bet it is a lot less than 550 MPH.  The train would be too since it would not maintain 366 MPH the whole way but willing to bet it is less of a decrease than the plane.

Add in the time you need to dork around in an airport (getting there 90 minutes before your flight to clear security and what not) and you can start to see there is a sizeable window where high speed trains would make sense and be competitively fast getting from Point-A to Point-B.  Even better trains can go from city center to city center.  Quite unlike the commute to the periphery of a city to get to an airport.

Cross country in the US (NY - LA) would be too slow but lots of shorter jaunts would make sense and further than you might think.

Also consider that trains are almost always more comfortable.  Bigger seats, bar cars, cell phone service, easier to walk around  and so on make them a LOT more attractive than the cattle car airline seating and amenities.

TL;DR:  Bottom line when you consider ALL travel time associated with using a plane or train (commute to the airport/station, time to check in, etc.) it is easy to see how high speed trains could be quite competitive with a plane in terms of time.  Add in comfort and the train really pulls ahead in all but very long travel distances.
 




 Clinton will embrace the TPP and it will be perhaps the clearest indication of her too cozy relationship with Wall Street.  She will navigate this easily enough by not actually being a part of it.  She is currently out of the government so she will wring her hands and say there is nothing she can do.  She may well mouth some platitudes for the liberal base but she will not do a thing to oppose it.

Nothing short of her saying explicitly and clearly that she will do her level best, if she becomes president, to see the US not be a party to the TPP or leave it if we already are will amount to anything.

Don't hold your breath.
 




 Is there some reason someone can't write a plugin that fudges this information?  I mean, one computer is asking another for certain information.  Surely this can be prevented or altered before sending that data.

Is the data somehow necessary to be able to browse?
 




 They look "guilty" because you are looking at them like they ought to be guilty. Even though you may claim to not be trying to do so. 

I am guessing you have never had a dog.

I have and there have been numerous times where I came home with zero clue anything was wrong.  Instead of my dog greeting me as usual she'd be reluctant and frankly looking guilty as hell.  There was no prompt from me that would scare her into submission.  I was walking in the door as normal.  It was then I knew to go looking for the trouble she caused.

Dogs are intelligent creatures.  They share the same emotions we do.  Even if you have never had a dog you can instantly recognize their emotional state be it happy or scared or angry or whatever.  Why?  Because we have those emotions in common.

There is no reason to think guilt over having done something bad is on the list.  Dogs have long memories and they can discern when they have done something "bad".  Like a little kid they fret over it.

 









  Strictly speaking, dogs are rarely associated with being able to tell right from wrong, and what is correct and what is not. To them, mauling another animal may just be something that is natural and all part of the chain of life.

Dogs absolutely do have a sense of right and wrong.  There are [countless examples you can see on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=guilty+dog) of dogs looking guilty.  They look guilty because they know they broke the rules.

One reason dogs work so well as pets for humans is dogs are innately social animals.  Even in the wild there are dos and don'ts among the pack that are enforced by the social structure.

Dogs are not a walking, furry machine of random.  They abide by and adhere to a set of rules just as humans do.
 









 I was going to say he just lost my vote but to be fair I wouldn't have voted for him anyway.  




  When you call Comcast and the automated voice says "This call may be recorded for customer service purposes", that also gives you consent to record the call.

It is not clear at all that this is the case.

OK, so I passively agreed to being recorded by staying on the line after being informed that the call may be recorded. The representative agrees to be recorded as per their job with the call center they work with. Then what is the problem? Theyre recording so I can record.

Youre going to hate me on this but no, you can not. These are two separate instances of the same thing.

 Thing 1 (T1): The location you are calling has consent from you and the person you are talking with to record the call.

 Thing 2 (T2): Recording a call between you and an entity that you agreed to record your call  but did not agree to you recording them.

These are two different things. The center had consent to record from both parties. Ryan did not have that consent nor, in the recordings placed online, did he specifically ask or tell the representative he was recording. [SOURCE](http://www.youarenotpayingattention.com/2014/07/17/ryan-block-recording-calls-is-illegal-in-ca/)
 




 Whale meat is not popular at all in Japan.  In fact, the Japanese by-and-large dislike the stuff.  So much so that they have a hard time selling the stuff so they get the government to [put it in school lunches.](http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2010/09/05/national/whale-meat-back-on-school-lunch-menus/#.VS0EEJMkR-U)

Add to that [whale meat sold by Yahoo! has mercury levels that are 47 times higher than the recommended limit.](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/apr/09/whale-dolphin-meat-yahoo-japan-exceeds-safe-mercury-limits)  That is what they are feeding their kids.  

In 2010 sold some whale meat to the populace and [over 150 people got food poisoning.  Another city refused the meat over food poisoning fears.](http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2013/02/05/i-ll-have-the-whale-please-japan-s-unsustainable-whale-hunts.html)

In short, the Japanese populace overall has practically no desire for whale meat.
 




 Be sure to check on the legality of recording a phone call in your state.  State laws vary so be sure you are in compliance with your law.  You can get some information here: http://www.dmlp.org/legal-guide/recording-phone-calls-and-conversations
 




 Most people consider her barely left of center if that.  Considering the center has moved pretty far right over the last decade she is hardly what most liberals would consider a liberal.

Further, it is believed she is a big friend of Wall Street and in the pocket of the bankers.

Finally I think there is a general sense of the presidency bouncing between two families.  Bush, Clinton, Bush, Obama, then Clinton or Bush again (assuming it comes down to Hillary and Jeb).

Why Wall Street Loves Hillary - William D. Cohan
www.politico.com

While the finance industry does genuinely hate Warren, the big bankers love Clinton, and by and large they badly want her to be president. Many of the rich and powerful in the financial industryamong them, Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein, Morgan Stanley CEO James Gorman, Tom Nides, a powerful vice chairman at Morgan Stanley, and the heads of JPMorganChase and Bank of Americaconsider Clinton a pragmatic problem-solver not prone to populist rhetoric. To them, shes someone who gets the idea that we all benefit if Wall Street and American business thrive. What about her forays into fiery rhetoric? They dismiss it quickly as political maneuvers. None of them think she really means her populism. [SOURCE](http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2014/11/why-wall-street-loves-hillary-112782.html#.VSrHK5MkR-U) 




 Wiki has a pretty good explanation:

The concept of purchasing power parity allows one to estimate what the exchange rate between two currencies would have to be in order for the exchange to be at par with the purchasing power of the two countries' currencies. Using that PPP rate for hypothetical currency conversions, a given amount of one currency thus has the same purchasing power whether used directly to purchase a market basket of goods or used to convert at the PPP rate to the other currency and then purchase the market basket using that currency. Observed deviations of the exchange rate from purchasing power parity are measured by deviations of the real exchange rate from its PPP value of 1.
PPP exchange rates help to minimize misleading international comparisons that can arise with the use of market exchange rates. 

For example, suppose that two countries produce the same physical amounts of goods as each other in each of two different years. Since market exchange rates fluctuate substantially, when the GDP of one country measured in its own currency is converted to the other country's currency using market exchange rates, one country might be inferred to have higher real GDP than the other country in one year but lower in the other; both of these inferences would fail to reflect the reality of their relative levels of production. But if one country's GDP is converted into the other country's currency using PPP exchange rates instead of observed market exchange rates, the false inference will not occur. [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Purchasing_power_parity)
 




 Man...I forgot the time when I thought 40 was old and when people went nutty.

Be sure to post back here in 20(ish) years when you pass 40 and let us know if you've become that old, crazy uncle.
 




 Defintion:

environmentalist

invrnmen(t)lst/

noun

1) A person who already has a house in the woods/on the beach 




 - A state law in Illinois mandates that all bachelors should be called master when addressed by their female counterparts. (pretty sure if you tell women about this you will remain a bachelor)

- You must contact the police before entering the city in an automobile.

- The English language is not to be spoken. The officially recognized language is American.

[SOURCE](http://979kickfm.com/crazy-weird-funny-stupid-silly-laws-in-illinois-missouri-and-iowa/?trackback=tsmclip) 




 - Military Time is just a 24-hour clock.  So 2p is 14:00.  5p is 17:00.  5a is 5:00.  Basically, subtract 12 from any number over 12 to get the time for PM.

- UTC time is Coordinated Universal Time which is basically equivalent to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) which is a time zone.  All times in the world (via the time zones) are + or - from GMT so sort of making GMT the zero point.  Note that UTC is NOT a time zone (that is the main difference from GMT) and is always read on a 24-hour clock.  So for instance GMT may experience daylight savings adjustment while UTC will not.

- Unix time (also known as POSIX time or Epoch time) is a system for describing instants in time, defined as the number of seconds that have elapsed since 00:00:00 Coordinated Universal Time (UTC), Thursday, 1 January 1970,[1][note 1] not counting leap seconds.[1][2][note 2] It is used widely in Unix-like and many other operating systems and file formats. Due to its handling of leap seconds, it is neither a linear representation of time nor a true representation of UTC. [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_time)
 




 More specifically you can thank [Art Pope](http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/in-nc-conservative-donor-art-pope-sits-at-heart-of-government-he-helped-transform/2014/07/19/eece18ec-0d22-11e4-b8e5-d0de80767fc2_story.html).  Sort of North Carolina's own, personal Koch Brothers. 




 Seems to me they are dumping on both.
 









 Robocop 2 




 There is no evidence that being gay and getting laid decreases porn consumption.  Indeed one could just as easily assume it increases since gay men are quite likely to watch porn together.   









 Are you saying guys that are getting laid don't watch porn?  

What planet do you live on?
 




 [Bible Belt states watch the most gay porn, stats show](http://wtvr.com/2014/03/13/bible-belt-states-watch-the-most-gay-porn-stats-show/)
 




 Technically the people who climb Mt. Everest have already paid (substantially) for garbage collection.

There are some fixed costs that every climber has to pay, regardless of how they climb or who they climb with. Climbing permits, issued by the Nepalese government, cost $70,000 for a party of seven, or $25,000 for an individual climber. Every group pays camp fees, like a garbage and waste deposit, and pays a local government liaison to stay in camp with them. [SOURCE](http://www.outsideonline.com/1929131/how-much-does-it-cost-climb-everest)
 




  I don't get it. Why are same sex couples so keen on using the power of the state to jail people who don't want to preform their marriages, bake their cakes, etc.?

What if you hire a photographer for your wedding, they show up and see it is a gay wedding and leave?

Same with the caterer or band or whatever.

Do you think people need to identify as gay any time they want to do business with someone?  Would you say in the 50's it'd be ok if you had to identify as black before you could do business with someone?
 




 Occasionally I see pics around here that say, "This is my grandma in 1965!"

I wonder if in 2065 someone will post this with, "This is my grandma in 2015!"

I sure hope so...
 
























 My understanding is pets are a luxury.  Something you have to feed and spend time taking care of.  As such most societies did not have pets except, perhaps, the very upper classes (i.e. royalty).

That is not to say peasants and such did not keep animals.  They certainly did but those animals had to pay their own way (so to speak).  That could be a cat keeping vermin in check or a dog guarding things and so on.

In short the "pets" had to work for a living.

 









 Thanks...fixed... 




 Thanks...fixed... 




 Solar and wind are nowhere even remotely close to being practical as a replacement for coal and petroleum. They probably won't be for the next few decades.

Well...

[Denmarks wind farms generated 140% of the countrys electricity needs yesterday](http://qz.com/450737/denmarks-wind-farms-generated-140-of-the-countrys-electricity-needs-yesterday/)

The point is not to pull the plug on the oil overnight.

The point is to help coax alternative power methods along.  Give them the same subsidies and government investment and help that the oil industry has and still does enjoy.  Finance university research into alternative methods.

It need not even be just wind and whatnot.  There are proposals for a [CO2 recycler](https://www.minds.com/blog/view/468466376596533248/new-co2-recycler-captures-carbon-dioxide-from-the-atmosphere-and-turns-it-back-into-fuel) which takes CO2 out of the air, combines the CO2 with hydrogen and makes hydrocarbons sufficient to make fuel with.  In this manner you create a loop of carbon out and carbon back in.  Better still you can build this in the shittiest places in the world (e.g. the middle of a desert...maybe use wind and solar to help run it).  Land's cheap and not being used for anything else anyway.

There is a lot of potential and, better still, this should prompt economic growth and not restrict it as new industries pop up to provide these products.
 




 Nah.  He is the [Great A'Tuin, the World Turtle,](http://fc03.deviantart.net/fs70/f/2014/091/4/1/turtle_by_randis-d7cjeyp.jpg) on whose back Discworld was located. 




 The funny story behind that is a [guy bought the house next to his ex-wife and her boyfriend so he could put up that statue.](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/11/18/middle-finger-ex-wife_n_4296764.html)

EDIT:  Fixed formatting
 




 Hypocritical: 

- They euthanize animals at an alarming rate.  No kill shelters exist.  PETA is not one of them.
- They claim to care about animals but push a vegetarian diet for pets.  Cats are obligate carnivores (they can only get the nutrition they need from meat sources).  Without meat their health will fail.

As for the rest they are crazy.  I love animals but [PETA is nuts.](http://www.toptenz.net/top-10-insane-peta-publicity-stunts.php) 




 meeting
mdiNG/
noun
noun: meeting; plural noun: meetings

    1.
    A group of people who singly can do nothing but together decide that nothing can be done.

(I forgot where I read this for proper attribution...sorry)
 




 From your link:

Some groups doubt the millionaire-migration theory. Jon Whiten, a deputy director of New Jersey Policy Perspective, said long-term statistics show that tax rates do not cause the rich to flee.

"If millionaires were truly trying to flee NJ's top income tax rate, we probably would have lost a lot more when the rates were higher," Whiten said. "But during the 2000s NJ almost doubled the number of tax filers above $500K at a time when the tax rate was increased on them, twice." 




 Space is definitely a "thing" as proved by Einstein.  Space itself curves which we perceive as gravity.  If there was nothing to curve there'd be no gravity.

You are right that it is not "eatable" although it can be bent and stretched.
 




 Among other reasons mentioned here spicy food can cause you to sweat which helps cool you down.

EDIT to add: Downvote away...it's true:

- [How Spicy Foods Can Cool You Down On A Hot Day](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/06/27/spicy-food_n_1628200.html)

- [Do You Eat Spicy Food In Hot Weather?](http://www.thekitchn.com/post-60-91959)

Q: My husband insists that eating hot, spicy food during hot weather actually helps you cool off. He is wrong about so many things. Please tell him he is wrong about this. I think hes going to
give himself a stroke.

A: Sorry, lady. He got this one right. Why do you think a lot of spicy dishes come from hot places, such as Mexico or Thailand or India?

Ever think of that? Huh?

When you eat spicy food all sorts of things happen. Your body decides to cool off. Blood vessels close to the surface of your skin, especially on your face and neck, expand so the blood can throw off heat.

Your internal temperature goes down while your skin temperature goes up. You sweat, and as the sweat evaporates it cools you off. SOURCE: [Eat Spicy Foods to Cool Off?](http://arizonaoddities.com/2012/05/eat-spicy-foods-to-cool-off/)

But hey...why let facts get in the way of guesses?

 




 Yeah.  You should see inside right before they leave port.  They cram food in most everywhere they possibly can (within some reason).
 




 Sounds great but the chart tells the story.  Wages have been held down for decades on all but the executives despite increased productivity.
 




 I'll just leave this here:

[Wealthier New Yorkers Arent Fleeing the City for Tax Havens, a Study Says](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/07/21/nyregion/wealthier-new-yorkers-arent-fleeing-the-city-for-tax-havens-a-study-says.html?ref=nyregion _r=0)
 




 Maybe so.  Regardless the workers deserve to share in the new found prosperity too. 




 The issue is that while [productivity of Americans has risen over the past 30+ years](http://i.imgur.com/9L4MlB1.png) wages have not gone up and remained nearly flat.

The CEOs and top 1% are siphoning that money into their pockets.

Think of it this way.  Imagine you get paid $10/hour and can build 100 widgets per hour.  In time, through hard work, longer hours and so on, you improve to be able to build 200 widgets per hour.  Except you still get paid the same and the CEO takes a pay rise.
 




 Not all media is saying that.  Have a look through /r/politics to see many stories posted about Sanders' improving chances.

That said some media outlets do not think anyone can seriously threaten the juggernaut that is Clinton's campaign for the Democratic nomination.  She has a lot of money and a deep organization. 




 I play a shit ton of game on my PC too.  I have near 200 games in my library.

Most work fine. 

That said there have been some distinctly bad ports. 




 While I am heterosexual it is certainly possible for me to choose to get a blow-job from a guy.

It remains though that my sexual impulses have it that I get titillated by women and not men. 




 The recent Batman debacle made me wonder this.

Here is an example of what I am talking about:

**PS4: PC-like architecture, 8GB RAM delight developers** 

What a difference a generation makes. Cerny's run-through of the PS4's specifications marked the end of the way of the PS3, with its befuddling Cell processor. 

snip

"The console itself is exactly what developers were hoping for. The familiar PC architecture means we can fast track our focus on the content rather than navigating the system's complexities which will surely result in better quality titles for players across the board."  [SOURCE](http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2013-02-22-ps4-pc-like-architecture-8gb-ram-delight-developers)

And...

"Ultimately, we are trying to strike a balance between features which you can use day one, and features which will allow the system to evolve over the years, as gaming itself evolves," said Cerny. The "supercharged PC architecture," that the team has come up with -- to use Cerny's term -- is designed to offer significant gains the PC can't, while still offering a familiar technological environment for engineers.  [SOURCE](http://www.gamasutra.com/view/feature/191007/inside_the_playstation_4_with_mark_.php?print=1)

I understand that the PS4/XBone are not exactly just modded PCs but it remains that they tried to get away from weird architectures that would allow developers a familiar platform to make development simpler.

So why all the problems with ports? 




 Louis CK trying to save his dog: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VMeXGE_a8Gg
 




 Here is a picture of all them in one shot (not to scale): http://3d-hdwallpaper.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/Finest-quality-Full-HD-Planets-Wallpaper.jpg
 




 Think of it this way.

The more mass something has the harder it is to change its speed.

But then it also has more stuff for gravity to pull on.

These two things balance out. 




 I'm 48 and when I consider things I got to experience that later generations missed out on Looney Tunes is near the top of the list.

That said a later generation got Animaniacs which was outstanding so not all was lost.
 









 Customer support is expensive and Steam has no competitive reason that would force them to improve customer service so instead they keep the money rather than spending it on improved customer service.

 




 The chips in computers are designed to operate on only a few volts of power.

A static shock can be in the neighborhood of [20,000 - 25,000 volts](http://www.livescience.com/4077-shocking-truth-static-electricity.html).  More than enough to fry a chip designed to run on 1-2 volts.
 




 You just have to aim the probe carefully at Jupiter to skirt around the side of the planet.

As the probe approaches the planet it speeds up.  Once it passes the planet the gravity slows it down but if you aim the probe with care it slingshots around the planet and steals a bit of the planet's angular momentum increasing its speed. (gravity assists can be used to slow down too)

New Horizon gained about 9,000 mph from the slingshot maneuver which decreased its travel time to Pluto by about three years.

It also got some [nifty photos of Jupiter](https://www.google.com/search?q=new+horizons+jupiter+flyby+images biw=1680 bih=911 tbm=isch tbo=u source=univ sa=X ved=0CB0QsARqFQoTCPeu-Yqp4MYCFcsrHgodh9cEkw) as it went by (because why not as long as you are there anyway).
 




 The probe got its speed from conventional rockets.  In space once you start going you keep going so it got an initial push then coasted the rest of the way.

Additionally the probe got a gravity assist from Jupiter.  Basically it used the gravity of Jupiter to speed itself up as it "fell" towards the gas giant.

As for its nuclear battery the probe uses a [Radioisotope thermoelectric generator](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radioisotope_thermoelectric_generator).  Basically there is a lump of plutonium on board and as the plutonium decays it gives off heat.  The generator uses thermocouples which convert heat into electricity.  Since it takes a long time for the plutonium to decay it can generate electricity for a long time.
 









 I pay a $100/month for 50 mbps but no data caps (in Chicago with Comcast).

I have heard rumors they are increasing it to 75 mbps but have not seen that yet.

It is business service so more expensive than residential service but I have yet to figure out why the extra cost is better.  
 




 You're completely right but I am tired of voting for the lesser of two evils rather than a candidate I like.

Given a choice between Clinton and (say) Trump the choice is simple (Clinton) but I'll hold my nose while doing it.

And therein lies the problem.  Clinton (and her staff) are well aware of this.  As a result she knows she does not need to pander to the more liberal side of the party because she knows they won't pull the lever for the conservative anyway.  So she can safely tell them to all go fuck themselves and what are they going to do?

 




 They can't because there is no sole owner of these companies.  Shareholders are part owners in the company and they all get a say. 









 ELI5 answer is because the US is spending more than it collects in taxes.

You cannot point to one thing and say that is the culprit because it is all the things the US pays for combined.  In short it is low taxes and high spending.

It [is not entirely fair to pin blame on Obama](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/fact-checker/post/is-obama-responsible-for-a-5-trillion-increase-in-the-debt/2012/05/15/gIQACA0QSU_blog.html) for it but he does bear some of the responsibility. 




 While my company does pay its interns (and pretty well too) it should be noted that interns in general cost us more than we ever get in work from them.  The time it takes to train them is time lost doing other things and their productivity is kinda crap (no fault of their own...they are new and learning) and the time it takes us to fix their mistakes is yet more lost productivity from salaried employees.

If they were unpaid it'd still be a pretty good deal for them for the experience.  As I said though we believe in paying them and I think that's the right thing to do (and we pay well above minimum wage).  It's just not (necessarily) fair to characterize an unpaid internship as ripping off the intern.
 




  The Eastern District of Texas does not directly make a lot of money from this litigation. Only a $400 filing fee per patent case, and some more for admission of attorneys to practice before the court. Nothing earth shattering. BUT, my having a big docket of cases, they can get a bigger share of the budget for federal courts. 

Companies are sued there so often they now pander to the residents.  [Samsung built an outdoor ice rink just outside the courthouse in Marshall, Texas](http://www.chron.com/news/houston-texas/article/How-east-Texas-became-the-epicenter-for-patent-6211845.php) to help build goodwill towards the company.
 




 Just look at her [top contributors](https://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/contrib.php?cycle=Career cid=n00000019) and her decision comes as no surprise.

She's as bought and paid for as most of them. 




 Doesn't surprise me too much.  IIRC that east Texas jurisdiction makes a fortune out of litigation like this.  I am sure they want to see that gravy train continue.
 




 The New Horizons spacecraft, due to its distance, can only [send data at 1 kilobit/second (125 bytes/second).](http://www.planetary.org/blogs/emily-lakdawalla/2015/01300800-talking-to-pluto-is-hard.html)

The pictures it sends are about 2.5 megabits so it takes about 42 minutes to send one photo.

In short, your cell phone does considerably better speed wise but considering the distance to New Horizons it is still pretty remarkable.   




 Garlic is not really water soluble.  It is fat soluble.

Boiling it will mellow it so it can be worthwhile to do (after it is cooked you can include it without its harshness) but in this recipe looks like a waste.
 




 DDOS attacks are usuall run by [Botnets.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Botnet)

Basically viruses/trojans/malware that infect numerous computers allowing the person running the thing to take control of thousands of computers (obviously the people whose computer has been compromised are unaware of it).
 




 DDOS = Distributed Denial Of Service

It is akin to a few thousand people calling you all at once.

When that happens your phone would never stop ringing and you'd have a tough time managing to make an outbound call.

In short, a LOT of computers (tens of thousands usually) all try to connect to one computer at the same time.  The receiving computer gets overwhelmed and cannot respond effectively to anyone essentially shutting it down.

 




 I can (honestly I do not hit a paywall with them) but I suspect copying the whole article violates copyright and board rules.

Try this link.  These things usually work:

http://www.google.com/url?sa=t rct=j q= esrc=s source=web cd=1 cad=rja uact=8 ved=0CCEQqQIwAGoVChMIwpuHj9TZxgIViMuACh0jLAA9 url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chicagobusiness.com%2Farticle%2F20150713%2FBLOGS02%2F150719965%2Fsee-how-your-school-fares-in-the-new-round-of-cps-budget-cuts ei=736kVYLoHYiXgwSj2IDoAw usg=AFQjCNG60M0yFsHz2dPZufFL4X1KSvz_4Q sig2=FPc_7p1TRg0Tu4wuw0sxvg bvm=bv.97653015,d.eXY
 














 The short, ELI5 version is after joining the EU Greece got access to cheap credit that it could not access before.

Greece went on a borrowing binge.  Essentially borrowing way more then it could ever reasonably expect to be able to pay back.  It got to a point where they'd borrow just to pay on their already existing debts.

Eventually the EU got wise and tightened up their requirements for lending.  Greece was no longer able to borrow money and so were about to default on their loans (not pay them).

The EU started making arrangements with Greece to implement austerity measures (i.e. belt tightening measures) in return for loans to continue paying their debts.  These austerity measures had the effect of smashing the Greek economy causing massive unemployment among other problems.

The people voted to stop the austerity measure but the EU told Greece it was that or default.  They fought about it a bit but looks like the EU prevailed and the Greek government has agreed to another round of austerity in return for new loans.
 




 Charter schools win.  Neighborhood schools not so much. 









 Modern humans (i.e. the species we all belong to today) came on the scene around 200,000 years ago (not 5 million).  We know this because [the earliest remains of homo sapiens sapiens are about 195,000 years old](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Omo_remains) give or take 5,000 years.

The [oldest known cave paintings](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/09/science/ancient-indonesian-find-may-rival-oldest-known-cave-art.html) are about 40,000 years old.

The [oldest known stone tools](http://www.livescience.com/50908-oldest-stone-tools-predate-humans.html) pre-date modern humans and are about 3.3 million years old.

In short, there is actual evidence for these timelines.  Just because modern humans did not come up with written languages till the last 5,000 years does not mean they weren't walking around a lot earlier than that. 




 Since the previous link doesn't work anyway:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJ_rZzFfNGU 




 You can also see it by:

- Obscuring things behind it
- Bending light from things behind it around it ([gravitational lensing](http://news.discovery.com/space/hunting-black-holes-with-gravitational-lenses-120210.htm))
- Its effect on objects around it (e.g. the [orbit of stars around it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=duoHtJpo4GY#t=70) such as we see in our galaxy's central, supermassive black hole which is otherwise not "feeding" right now).
 




 Led Zeppelin - Physical Graffiti (with a very close second to Led Zeppelin IV and honestly Houses of the Holy and Zeppelin I could make the list)

Seriously surprised Zeppelin isn't higher.  Probably the best, quintessential rock   roll band of all time.   




 *"Whether you're a king or a street sweeper sooner or later everyone dances with the Reaper."* -Bill   Ted's Bogus Journey 




 Hand dominance is not just a human thing.  Many animals display this as well.

My dog is distinctly left-pawed for instance (e.g. anytime you ask her to shake she'll raise her left paw 99% of the time).

It is quite possible to train yourself to use your non-dominant hand but it is a lot of effort and probably not worth it in most cases. 




 There aren't.

Pictures of our galaxy like the one you showed are pictures of other spiral galaxies or artist renderings.

As you noted we have never sent anything outside of our galaxy to get such a picture and likely won't for a long time if ever. 




 African American voters barely know the guy exists it seems.

Whats received less attention is that Sanders has so far made very little traction with non-white Democrats. The most recent CNN poll found his support at just 9 percent among non-white Democrats, while the latest Fox News poll had him at only 5 percent among African-American Democrats. [SOURCE](http://fivethirtyeight.com/datalab/bernie-sanders-could-win-iowa-and-new-hampshire-then-lose-everywhere-else/)
 




 Citation for all that?
 




 But Wall Street did not back McCain and VP dipshit. 




  The Obama administration implemented the largest wallstreet regulation increase on wallstreet in 30 years in Dodd Frank.

Yeah...after he came to office in the biggest financial melt down since the Great Depression.

No way Wall Street could expect ANY president to come in and say business as usual in those circumstances.

Obama has seen Wall Street grow more wealthy than under any 8 years of any previous president.  Bankers have precious little to bitch about.
 




 I never understood why Wall Street backed Romney in the 2012 election.  The Obama administration is probably the best friend they have ever had in the White House.

Now, with a 2016 election coming up, look at [Clinton's donors.](https://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/contrib.php?cycle=Career cid=n00000019)

More of the same. 




 I supplied a quote and link to an expert suggesting people are dumb.

I supplied the Carlin quote as a joke.  Most everyone knows it is a joke, most everyone knows George Carlin is a comedian and I am willing to bet most everyone understood it perfectly well.

That makes you a pedant of the worst sort.
 




 I get that it's a joke...

Apparently you don't because there is no point being pedantic about a joke. 




 Education is already part of the tax code.  Has been nearly since there even was a tax code.  Not to mention many state constitutions guarantee a right to an education.

Nothing new about it.  It is not a new entitlement.
 




 How do you figure?

[A]s a college student he organized sit-ins against segregation, worked for a union, protested police brutality and attended the 1963 March on Washington.

snip

His father was a paint salesman from Poland and a high school dropout, and the family lived paycheck-to-paycheck. When Sanders father went with his wife to see the play The Death of a Salesman, his father so identified with the underemployed Willy Loman that he broke down in tears. The lack of money caused stress in my family and fights between my mother and father, Sanders explained to TIME in an interview this month. That is a reality I have never forgotten: today, there are many millions of families who are living under the circumstances that we lived under.

snip

In Chicago, Sanders threw himself into activismcivil rights, economic justice, volunteering, organizing. I received more of an education off campus than I did in the classroom, Sanders says. By his 23rd birthday, Sanders had worked for a meatpackers union, marched for civil rights in Washington D.C., joined the university socialists and been arrested at a civil rights demonstration. 

snip

The civil rights movement also became a home for him. He became leaders of an NAACP ally called the Congress of Racial Equality at a time when most civil rights activists were black. He was arrested while demonstrating for desegregated public schools in Chicago. (No big deal, says Sanders: You can go outside and get arrested, too! he jokes. Its not that hard if you put your mind to it.) He once walked around Chicago putting up fliers protesting police brutality. After half an hour, he realized a police car was following him, taking down every paper hed up, one by one. Are these yours? he remembers the officer telling him, holding up the stack of the fliers. [SOURCE](http://time.com/3896500/bernie-sanders-vermont-campaign-radical/)

What other candidate has done as much and been as consistently on the side of minorities?

 




 They probably would not nuke Israel.

But if they start throwing their weight around in the area the US might attack them.

If they have nukes they can throw their weight around in the area and tell everyone else to bug off else they'll use the nukes.
 




 I am amazed minorities are not getting on board with Sanders.  Of all the candidates he is by far their best friend (and has a long, unwavering history showing his commitment to helping minorities).
 




 Believe it or not, people are smarter than you appear to give them credit for.

Well...

The first lesson you learn as a pollster is that people are stupid, said Tom Jensen of Public Policy Polling, a Democratic polling firm. I tell a client trying to make sense of numbers on a poll that are inherently contradictory that at least once a week." [SOURCE](http://www.politico.com/blogs/burns-haberman/2012/03/are-voters-dumb-117318.html)

And...

*"Think about how stupid the average person is and then realize half of them are stupider than that."* ~George Carlin 

 









 He also played a Hirogen warrior in ST:Voyager. 




 **Who is More Conservative: Ronald Reagan or Barack Obama?**

The bottom line is that, no matter what the reason, Obama seems to be in some important ways significantly to the right of Reagan on the political spectrum. If Reagan ordered the execution of US citizens abroad, he might have been impeached. If Obama tried to give undocumented immigrants blanket amnesty the way Reagan did, he might be impeached.

I don't think Obama is a hard right-winger. It's just that the political establishment in this country has moved so far to the right (though not the public, according to polls on specific issues) that as a natural politician when he goes to appease them, he is solidly center-right on the spectrum.  [SOURCE](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/cenk-uygur/who-is-more-conservative_b_638947.html) 




 Bic lighters with an adjustable flame.

Was great making a foot long flame shoot out of your lighter.
 














 It remains the bank's risk.

Anytime they give a loan, to anyone, there is a risk of default.  There is a risk the borrower is lying.  That stuff is priced into the interest rate on the loan.

It is up to the banks to do their due diligence and investigate the borrower for credit worthiness and to not make loans so large to one entity that a default by that entity constitutes a threat to the solvency of the bank.
 




  Lending money to a first-world country that's a member of the euro doesn't sound like it should be much of a risk. 

Nevertheless it is *their* risk and not ours.  That is the name of the game.  It does not matter whether they thought these were good loans or not.  They are privatizing profits and socializing the losses.

It's like you go to Vegas and expect to keep your winnings but have others foot the bill when your bets go bad.  It should not work like that.
 




 It is the gearing.

Your car is built for speed.

Your tractor is built for power.

An example would be an escalator.  It is not fast at all but has a huge amount of torque. 




 There is no real way to tell since the dogs and cats cannot tell us why they are upset.  We can see they are upset but we can only guess why.

Guessing would suggest they have better hearing than we do and, this is the main part, they have no idea what the noises mean.

So, unknown loud noises are scary.  




 I agree.

My only guess is they had a zeal to maximize the money making so why let people downvote stuff people paid to put there?

Of course it is downright retarded but I think the blinders were on.  Their only vision was how to make $$$ and all else, including common sense, was sacrificed.

While it is sad they had it coming and act as a cautionary tale.   




 I think the problem was Digg was looking for a way to monetize the site which managed to destroy everything that made it good. 




 - [Voat](https://voat.co) (seems to be down now...happens to them when they get overwhelmed from Reddit users leaving for stuff like this).

- [Stacksity](https://stacksity.com)

- [PiRoot](https://piroot.com/)

- [8Chan](https://8ch.net/)
 




 I think they'd find destroying the pyramids to be a difficult task.  They are pretty tough things. 




  That seems like an actual job at this point and good for them they won the case it seems. 

A judge just ruled on this:

[Employers Have Greater Leeway on Unpaid Internships, Court Rules](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/07/03/business/unpaid-internships-allowed-if-they-serve-educational-purpose-court-rules.html?hpw rref=business action=click pgtype=Homepage module=well-region region=bottom-well WT.nav=bottom-well _r=1)

From link:

Employers  have considerable leeway to use unpaid interns legally when the work serves an educational purpose, a federal appeals court ruled on Thursday, setting aside a lower court decision that the movie studio Fox Searchlight Pictures had improperly classified former workers as unpaid interns rather than employees.

snip

The departments criteria indicate that, in order to qualify as an unpaid internship, the work must, among other things, be similar to training offered in a school setting, be performed for the benefit of the intern rather than the employer and not nudge aside that of existing employees.

 




 I remember it as:

e.g. = eggzample

i.e. = in-ether-words 




 Seems to me Iron Galaxy's choice is saying they fucked-up or the people who pay them (Warner Bros.) fucked-up.

Neither is a good idea if they hope for future business so staying silent is best. 




 Companies do save money by replacing workers with machines (they would not do it otherwise).

That extra money can go to a number of places:

- It can reduce the price of their product making them more competitive.
- Re-invest the money in expanding or improving elsewhere.
- The executives take higher salaries.
- The owners pocket the difference (usually stock holders but sometimes individuals).

 




 but yeah the koches arent spending millions on pushing the voucher program for religious reasons.. they want to control how people learn.. its private market big brother. 2 +2 = 5 cause the koch brothers need people to think its 5.

[George Carlin talks about this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILQepXUhJ98 feature=player_detailpage#t=105) in a way only Carlin could. 




 The theory holds Shepherd was being indoctrinated from the get-go in episode one.

Angry Joe does a [good rundown of the theory.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZOyeFvnhiI)  It is quite compelling. 




 It causes inflation.

The more money printed the less valuable the currency becomes.

This happened most recently in Zimbabwe where they were printing [100 trillion dollar bank notes](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3e/Zimbabwe_$100_trillion_2009_Obverse.jpg) (worth about $1.47 US although now it has value as a collector's item).

Think of it like gold.  Gold is valuable, in part, because it is somewhat rare.  Rocks are near worthless because they are everywhere.

All that said governments can and do turn on the printing presses for various reasons.  Sometimes it is in their interest to debase their currency but that pisses off a lot of people. 




 Truffles are cultivated: http://www.truffletree.com/cultivation/
 




 It absolutely did not deem that money=speech. Please show me where in the opinion is says that money is speech? 

Here is a [better explanation](http://www.amendmentgazette.com/how-spending-money-became-a-form-of-speech/) than I can provide here.

In short it started with [Buckley v. Valeo](http://www.fec.gov/law/litigation_CCA_B.shtml#buckley) and culminated with Citizens United.

From Buckley:

A restriction on the amount of money a person or group can spend on political communication during a campaign necessarily reduces the quantity of expression by restricting the number of issues discussed, the depth of their exploration, and the size of the audience reached.  This is because virtually every means of communicating ideas in todays mass society requires the expenditure of money. The distribution of the humblest handbill or leaflet entails printing, paper, and circulation costs. Speeches and rallies generally necessitate hiring a hall and publicizing the event. The electorates increasing dependence on television, radio, and other mass media for news and information has made these expensive modes of communication indispensable instruments of effective political speech.
 









 I agree free speech needs to be diligently protected but Citizens United put corporate speech on par with individual speech and deemed that money = speech.  

Therein lies the problem. 




 Doesn't really matter.

It remains you cannot yell "fire" in a crowded theater when there is no fire and expect protection under free speech. 




 By law people in the public eye have far less claim to being slandered than your average Joe does.  In addition:

There is a unique rule of tort injury law that protects news entertainers Rush Limbaugh, Bill O' Reilly and Sean Hannity from liability from nearly any slanderous remark they make about any private citizen or public figure.

In tort law a plaintiff cannot bring a libel lawsuit against a defendant with a public reputation as a liar. 

The legal reasoning is that a known liar cannot damage the reputation of anybody, because nobody will believe the slanderous remarks of a known public liar!That means that Limbaugh, Hannity and O' Reilly have made so many inaccurate, misleading and untruthful remarks about various people that they cannot be sued for libel because any reasonable person would never believe anything they said. So goes the precedent of law.

Therefore Limbaugh, Hannity and O'Reilly are practically exempt from tort actions and the more they slander people the harder it becomes to bring a lawsuit against them.  [SOURCE](http://www.dailykos.com/story/2007/01/09/288674/-Why-Limbaugh-or-Fox-News-Are-Never-Sued-for-Libel)

Add to that Fox has battalions of expensive lawyers so suing them would be mighty expensive and difficult.

That said they do get sued for it.  Most recently [Lindsay Lohan has sued for defamation.](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/lindsay-lohan-mother-file-defamation-lawsuit-against-fox-news/)   




 No rights are absolute.  They are all circumscribed to one degree or another.  For instance the right to free speech is limited in a number of ways.  You cannot slander someone or yell "fire" in a crowded theater (when there is no fire) and claim free speech as protection.

So, understanding the unique role of elections in a democracy and seeking to maintain their integrity is a worthy goal and one the state has a legitimate interest in.  Citizen's United threw the door wide on corporate spending in elections.

The majority argued that the First Amendment protects associations of individuals in addition to individual speakers, and further that the First Amendment does not allow prohibitions of speech based on the identity of the speaker. Corporations, as associations of individuals, therefore have speech rights under the First Amendment. Because spending money is essential to disseminating speech, as established in Buckley v. Valeo, limiting a corporation's ability to spend money is unconstitutional because it limits the ability of its members to associate effectively and to speak on political issues. 

snip

At bottom, the Court's opinion is thus a rejection of the common sense of the American people, who have recognized a need to prevent corporations from undermining self government since the founding, and who have fought against the distinctive corrupting potential of corporate electioneering since the days of Theodore Roosevelt. It is a strange time to repudiate that common sense. While American democracy is imperfect, few outside the majority of this Court would have thought its flaws included a dearth of corporate money in politics.

[SOURCE](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Citizens_United_v._FEC) 




 If they make a clear, public and *legally binding* commitment I'll believe them. 

EDIT:  Spelling 




 Dunno why but it is hard to see her as a her.

Maybe it is just bulldogs having a male vibe.  

Regardless I wish I could pet her and hold her.
 




 I am pretty sure this is sarcasm but it is worth noting here (as people reading this may have cause to enlighten some others) that the Civil War was absolutely about slavery from the get-go.  

Lincoln was fighting (initially) to preserve the union and said if he had to let slavery continue to do that then that is what he'd do.

But for the southern states it was always about slavery and the thing is they were pretty explicit about it:

*...an increasing hostility on the part of the non-slaveholding States to the institution of slavery...* SOURCE: [Declaration of the Immediate Causes Which Induce and Justify the Secession of South Carolina from the Federal Union](http://avalon.law.yale.edu/19th_century/csa_scarsec.asp)

They actually go on quite a bit about slavery in that document.  It is absolutely the central issue for them.

And then there is Mississippi:

*Our position is thoroughly identified with the institution of slavery-- the greatest material interest of the world.* SOURCE: [A Declaration of the Immediate Causes which Induce and Justify the Secession of the State of Mississippi from the Federal Union](http://avalon.law.yale.edu/19th_century/csa_missec.asp)

So yeah, it was about slavery.
 




 That or the publisher said, "Here's $100, do the best you can.  You've got a week."

Iron Galaxy's reputation is on the line.  Either they suck at their jobs or they did as well as anyone could within the restrictions they had (time-frame, budget, etc. imposed by the publisher). 




 Yeah.  This is what I don't get.

Was there no oversight from Rocksteady?  Did they just hand it off and hope everything just went to plan?  Did no one test this before it came out?

I mean, there is always someone who will complain a new game doesn't run right upon release but when this many people are complaining it is hard to imagine how this was missed if there was anything like quality control.
 




 I had it work the other way around.

I got my card a week before Batman was added to the deal.  I contacted Newegg (who I had bought the card from) and asked if I could get Batman added to it.

They were totally cool and did.

As a result a few weeks later I bought all the components for my new computer from them as my way of supporting that great customer service. 




 Actually I got the Witcher AND Batman so can't complain.
 




 Unfortunately (or fortunately depending how you look at it) I got mine as a promotion whey I bought my last video card.

I can't return it but then it technically didn't cost me anything.
 




 To be fair I'd hardly call a 970 "puny".  It's very nearly as good as a 980.  970 is probably the 3rd fastest card of the last 6 months and only barely at that.

Doubtless some people will nitpick but bottom line it is not "puny".
 









  If that weren't the case, the system would be bleeding money, because let's get real, bankruptcy at age 22 to erase 20 to 100K of loans is an option that a ton of people would take. 

This is the story the banks want you to believe and what they were peddling when they first lobbied to make it impossible to discharge a student loan through bankruptcy.

Stagflation was sending an unprecedented number of Silent Majority members into bankruptcy, and the bank lobby was fighting back with a propaganda assault that scapegoated counterculture student delinquents who were allegedly taking loans with no goal of paying them. As Shuchman and others explained in hearings, only about 4 percent of people who filed for bankruptcy protection in 1975 had student loans on their balance sheets, and of those, fewer than one-fifth did not have substantial other debts motivating them to file. [SOURCE](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/08/15/us-student-loan-crisis-idUSBRE87E13L20120815)

 




 I guess she should have had a better lawyer.

I think she represented herself.  She cannot afford an attorney. 









 So it is a matchmaking thing?  If you have a higher tier ship you are matched against better players?
 




 I am with you on not ganking noobs.

Way back in the day (in a different game) I had that happen to me in the noob starting zone.

Was not a fan.  I won't do it here.
 




  Possibly upload a replay, so people can say what you're doing wrong.

Is there a simple way to record your game play in WoWS?

I suppose I can use Nvidia's thing but have never tried it.
 




 In my case I pretty much get owned left and right using the Tier-7 USS Sims yet rock-and-roll with the Tier-5 USSR Grenaschy (sp?).

Both are destroyers.  Both seem to be sort of equivalent but holy shit...I have a great time and reasonable success with the USSR destroyer and regularly achieve nothing with the Sims.

What gives?  I mean, I know no one here has seem my gameplay (probably) but I cannot imagine why there is such a disparity.

NOTE:  I am NOT blaming the game and calling for nerfs or buffs.  99.9% certain the fault lies with me.  Just can't figure out where.
 




 This.

I have launched wide spreads and tight spreads from as close as 3km (2km in one case I remember) and had battleships dodge them all or, maybe, take one hit.  Long range?  Forget it.  The only time I get any torp hits at over 5km is by sheer luck.

Add to that the torps do not do a whole lot of damage.  They should be among the most devastating hits in the game but four hits on a BB barely takes it down by a third of total HP.  To think any BB can soak up 12+ torps (from a ship, not planes) before dying is ridiculous.  

I think the issue with a DD surviving a 16" gun hit is over penetration of those shells.  They pretty much go right through, poking a hole in the ship without exploding.

And I can guarantee the secondaries on a BB lay on plenty of hurt. Unless the BB drivers want to make DDs literally worthless they have it pretty good already.  You can ignore a DD (except to evade torps) and leave your secondaries to put on the hurt.  A DD has to get into your secondary range, well within it, for any reasonable chance at a successful torp strike.  DD guns are literally worthless against a BB.  It is torps or nothing (so much so I never even bother shooting guns at a BB most times except out of boredom).

All-in-all a BB has it pretty good vs a DD.  Watch the list at the top of ships (green and red) and almost always the first things dead on the field are all the DDs.  That hardly speaks of OP destroyers.

ETA:  [Here is a carrier dodging multiple torpedoes in a single strike](https://youtu.be/mCzFMMXcEc8?t=1066) from close range.  Before you think you have it bad consider a miss rate like this from point-blank range. 




 Good.

I really do not want to see a Clinton coronation.

I'm not sure yet who I'll vote for but I expect all the candidates (Clinton included) to work for my vote.  If she figures to skate by and coast through the primaries I guarantee she will lose at least my vote.

I realize she probably does not give a shit about my vote but then she made that mistake running against Obama and by the time she got serious it was too late for her.  
 




 I live in Chicago and just dumped Sprint for Verizon.  Sprint's network here is painfully slow.  I could only barely browse the web without giving up in frustration most times.  Add in dropped calls were a regular occurrence.

I can never remember having four bars on my phone (well, sometimes it would show four bars but as soon as I'd do anything it'd immediately drop to one or two).

Verizon is more expensive but so far the service has been lightning fast in comparison.

EDIT:  Here is my current speed with Verizon.  This is faster than my home connection by a fair bit:  [71.6 down and 41 up](http://i.imgur.com/kBMAk3s.jpg) 




 It's also how phone calls find you.  The SIM identifies you to the system so when a call for you comes in the phone company knows which tower to route the call to. 




 That is a greatly simplified picture.

For instance, Pluto's orbit is elliptical enough that occasionally it is inside the orbit of Neptune and Neptune is further away from the sun (last time it was like this was from 1979 - 1999).
 




 All orbits are ellipses.

A perfectly spherical orbit is in theory possible but the details of the two orbiting bodies (mass, distance, velocity and so on) would have to be *exactly* spot on which is highly unlikely (not to mention other planets and whatnot can perturb an orbit so it likely would not stay perfect for long).
 




 Paul and his ilk are operating under the assumption that progressive taxes are somehow unfair.

As it happens, when you account for ALL taxes people pay (which is a lot more than just income tax) and measure the *effective* tax rate (what people actually pay versus what is advertised), then you can see [the tax rate across income groups is pretty flat](http://economix.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/04/13/just-how-progressive-is-the-tax-system/?_r=0) (except for the very poor).

A flat tax as he proposes would be highly regressive.  He'd be dramatically lowering taxes on the rich and dramatically raising them on the poor.  

In short, put the burden on the people least able to bear it.

 









 Hard tacos or soft tacos?

This is important. 




 Watch this 16 minute bit on [Predatory Lending by John Oliver.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PDylgzybWAw)  (NSFW language) It explains the issue well and is funny even though the topic is anything but funny. 




 It is not censorship.

Germany has a copyright system in place that is even more screwy than what we have in the US.  They are very aggressive at taking down stuff they think is "owned" by someone else. 




 It has often been noted that the line between bribery and lobbying is very thin.

Technically a bribe is an outright quid pro quo.  You give person-X money and they will do whatever it is you ask.

Lobbying on the other hand is not technically a quid pro quo. It is merely going to talk to your representative about a particular issue and to try and convince them your way is the right way.  On the face of it that is fine.  However, "talking" to your representative may include flying them out to a 5-star resort and giving them a 3-Michelin star meal after a round of golf.  Add in a donation to their re-election fund.

The representative is not obligated to vote they way the lobbyist wants but they know where the good stuff comes from and so are likely to vote favorably for the lobbyist.
 




 Hence the Asterisk!

*Still in existence, by barrel weight.

The video says this cannon weighed 100 tons which equals 200,000 pounds.  As noted the Iowa battleship guns weighed in at 268,000 pounds.

The battleship Iowa also still exists.  You can go see it [here.](http://www.pacificbattleship.com/page/directions-)
 




 This is not the biggest gun.  Not even close.

- The [Paris Gun](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paris_Gun) had a barrel length of over 111 feet and a range of 81 miles.  Some say the shells likely arced into low earth orbit making them the first man made anything put into space.

- The [Schwerer Gustav](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schwerer_Gustav) weighed in at 1,350 tonnes, had a barrel length of 106 feet and a range of 29 miles shooting a 7.1 tonne shell.

- If we want one still in existence (as in you can go see it and it, in theory, could be fired again) see the [Iowa Class battleship naval rifles.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/16%22/50_caliber_Mark_7_gun)  Almost 67 feet long, weighing 268,000 pounds throwing a 2,700 pound projectile 24 miles. 




 Because Palin was clearly a moron.

Warren is clearly not a moron. 




 It may be trite but I think [this bit](https://youtu.be/zemrWBIc_hE?t=63) from the movie "American President" sums it up pretty well (at least the part I linked to). 




 The simple version is the computer uses something called the [North Bridge and South Bridge](http://routermatrix.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/NorthbridgeSouthbridge.jpg) to move data around.

Basically the CPU needs to talk to other parts of the computer.  System memory, the hard drive, peripherals and so on.

The north bridge is a chip dedicated to managing communication with with things that need the best performance (fast) so it would connect system memory and PCI-Express slots.  The south bridge would handle USB, SATA, PCI and other slower peripherals.

So, the CPU would need something and tell the appropriate chip to go get it for them.  Then that chip would handle communicating with the outside part and pass the info on to the CPU.

Of course all these items are on a motherboard and interconnected.

These days some CPUs have taken over the north bridge and put them on the CPU itself to be faster.  The south bridge is still there though.
 




 Run for public office as a republican. 




 True but it is paving the way to 1933.  1924 is recent history to the people of 1933 and certainly was a factor in the rise of the Nazi party. 




 Really old:  [Populous](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vEJPlseI57o)

Very old: [Wing Commander III: Heart of the Tiger](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-IDFLndcC0g) (not to mention the earlier ones but this one really blew my mind...wish someone would do something like this again)

Semi-old:  [Black   White](https://youtu.be/edccqcxVJ_M?t=133)
 




 It was an effort to pay reparation during the Weimar Republic that led to hyperinflation in Germany.  Germany turned on its printing presses to print money in an effort to buy foreign currency with which to pay their debt.

That led to pictures [like this](http://www.wnd.com/images/washington110625.jpg) of people carting around money in wheelbarrows.  The exchange rate eventually got over 4 trillion German marks to the dollar.

Obviously that was ridiculous and untenable. Germany fell back into a barter economy for awhile there.
 




 Don't forget tax reasons.

If the hospital charges $1,000 for a band-aid and you don't pay the hospital gets to claim a $1,000 loss and write-off on their taxes. 




 In general the courts take a dim view of discrimination based on things you cannot change (gender, skin color, etc.).

Hygiene is distinctly under an individual's control and can be rectified to allow you to eat there. 




 The brain does not record memories like a hard drive.  You actually reconstruct memories as they are needed.  

Because of the way memories are encoded and stored, memory recall is effectively an on-the-fly reconstruction of elements scattered throughout various areas of our brains. Memories are not stored in our brains like books on library shelves, or even as a collection of self-contained recordings or pictures or video clips, but may be better thought of as a kind of collage or a jigsaw puzzle, involving different elements stored in disparate parts of the brain linked together by associations and neural networks. Memory retrieval therefore requires re-visiting the nerve pathways the brain formed when encoding the memory, and the strength of those pathways determines how quickly the memory can be recalled. Recall effectively returns a memory from long-term storage to short-term or working memory, where it can be accessed, in a kind of mirror image of the encoding process. It is then re-stored back in long-term memory, thus re-consolidating and strengthening it. [SOURCE](http://www.human-memory.net/processes_recall.html)
 




 He was but a lot of rich people were "making"money with Madoff.  In some respects it didn't matter if the money was there or not.  They could go to banks and get loans showing their account with Madoff as collateral.  No one wanted to admit the emperor had no clothes so they ignored it.
 




 A lot of very wealthy people and others had a lot of money invested with Madoff.  They all had paperwork from him that said they had $XXXX in their accounts.  These people have attorneys and know people in government.  When Madoff could not make good and give them the money he said they had these people called their attorneys and congresscritters.

As early as 2001 a fellow named [Harry Markopolos was trying to warn the SEC about Madoff.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Madoff_investment_scandal#Bernard_L._Madoff_Securities_LLC:_1999.2C_2000.2C_2004.2C_2005.2C_and_2006)  Despite many attempts over the years the SEC ignored him and his (considerable) evidence.   




 Madoff was running a Ponzi scheme.  Basically they are promising big returns on your money that aren't really there.  The scheme works as long as people put money in but not a lot goes out.  As long as people think it is working the money flows mostly into the scheme and not out.

As it happened in 2008 there was a financial crisis.  Many people, taking losses elsewhere, went to Madoff and tried to withdraw money from their accounts (money they had been told was there).  Thing is the money was not there and Madoff could not make good on these requests.

That is when the whole thing fell apart.
 
























