 That was awesome! I'm really digging this subreddit!  




 Thanks for the post. I really enjoyed the song. Especially the whole "rain stick" sound in the background. One of those few bands that get to me on the first listen 




 I'm using reddit on my phone, sitting on my rolling chair. I clicked on the link and it was taking a while to load. I moved the phone closer to my face to see it better and it starts screaming at me! All this images start blaring at me! I pushed away from the image but forgot it was on my phone, which was still in my hand; I couldn't get away T_T
I panicked and struggled to press the Home button. 
It's been awhile since I've been scared shitless, I praise you for this terrifying find! 




 Hah hah! That blank stare with that smile gets me everytime!  




 I took a girl to the shooting range for a first date. It was for Valentines and my date really enjoyed doing something she's never done before. We had time to talk on the way to the shooting range but once there talking is minimal. I think the adrenaline from shooting a gun the first time really helps out during dates in general.  




 Very nice! I like the expressions on em! You should make more ^_^ 




 Thank you, thank you. Currently using it as my phone wallpaper. Didju make this by any chance?? 
























 I use to be the same way. I always looked forward to sleeping right after school just so I can escape and enjoy my dreams. That was one of my highlights of my day. 
It's all on the people you meet and befriend, it's crazy how one person can change what you look forward to. 




 I have the same thing happening to me. I try to do what draken273 mention and detach myself but, its a hard thing for me to do when you keep thinking of being able to please this new SO. Foreplay is a must and just try switching up. If you're feeling like you're about to get there, stop and concentrate on other areas of your SO: lick her nipple, grab her breast and kiss the neck. Just think of finding a way to stop and compose yourself without your SO losing her momentum. 

That's what I have to offer as advice but, I also think it's all in your head. With me and my Ex we went at it for I would say average length 20-30min. But know that I'm with this new person I keep thinking about being able to please her and it just affects me negatively. For my situation at least, I think I just need to get that thought out of my head and just be in the moment; not worrying whether or not I'm going to last long. 

Hope you find something that helps, and don't forget to add updates for others 




 That was really awesome and inspiring just seeing a group of people showing up to help.  




 Anyone else wondering if those pens are purchaseable......? 




 thanks for the link, the other songs were badass as well! 
Got a bit saddened when I saw that they're from Italy. Small chance of being able to see them play :( hahaha 




 That was an excellent post! Glad to have found something different that is actually good. Really random but the song was pretty sick!  




 I feel dumb for doubting the initial sound. The song was awesomely chill, going to look up more, thanks for posting this! 
























 Daaaaaaaang!!! With those fangs your sexiness level is over 9000!!!!
The tattoos are awesome as well 




 Yea, Serj's music is hard to classify into a specific genre 




 This was amazing! I recently started enjoying cabaret style music, and this is one of my favorites so far. Any way I can get a hold of their music? I tried torrent but nothing showed up. I wouldn't mind purchasing the album at all from them either. 




 My first thought when I read the title, "what!? No way!? I gotta try that!".
I know what I'm doing today! 
I think it has to do with the being naked and how we're so used to being clothed. No restraints I guess 




 I currently work there and I think out store wins for the most sugar. We use a 4lb bag of sugar and it makes a little under 2gallons. We then add enough ice to make it to the 2gallon mark.
I also had a manager there who would make his special diabetes tea......the secret was an extra 4lb bag for the same 2gallons. Customers never complained some even said it was good. Just a 16oz cup of that would make my stomach hurt all night but give me energy to work 




 I can't sleep until I devour you. 




 I was appalled and disgusted but, I couldn't look away......good post  
























 Yea, my connection seem to just start dieing after I did that update as well. I was trying to connect to the PSN but I kept receiving an error. After a while I was able to and tried to download Outlast and that's not working Either. Lastly I decided to just watch Netflix but that's also not working for me. I know it's not my Wi-Fi because the phone and laptop connect just fine. 
I'm just gonna leave it off for a couple hours and hopefully I'll be able to play a bit of Outlast tonight. 
I'm in California, some people don't seem to have any trouble connecting online though. Not sure if it has to do with location. 




 That looks fucken siiiiiick and detailed as well! I just saw that episode too!! 




 Dios mo! You are gorgeous! 
How do you subscribe to a person's post!? Can't wait to see more of you 




 That's a fuckin beautiful shot. Just became my new wallpaper on my pc!  




 Glad you did, loving that look you're giving. Good angle too ;) 




 Ohh very nice, excellent way to start the weekend. Would only be made better if your face was visible, with your glasses and all 




 Very nice! Thanks for posting this! I'm always looking for new artists to listen to. 
























 Favorite ones to use are Mechanical Animals and Eat Me, Drink Me both by Marilyn Manson.
The guitar solos in Eat Me, Drink Me are just perfect for bringing in your partner close, biting into the neck as you thrust inside. I find the album a bit romantic. 




 From California, US
SOADFreak211
Hopefully we can get some legendary items! 




 I can't be the only one that was looking at her health bar to see if it was going lower.......right? 




 Smart man, no one wants to fight someone who's naked 




 Anyone else notice the guy in the back tapping his foot along with the woman bouncing up and down?? 




 Wow, very nice. You have a great body, now I can't sleep either 




 Made me cry too; not available in my country :( 
























 Hmm.... This logic does make sense. I shall be scared no more! I will wipe with confidence on my next outing! 




 I'm scared the more TP I use, the higher chance of me clogging the toilet and having it overflow. 




 I was in class watching Pearl Harbor, the movie. This happened when I was in 11th grade. I am one of those people that laugh all the time and have a hard time pulling back my laugh.
So as we're watching, the scene where the Japanese are attacking Hawaii there's a part where they drop a bomb near a guy who's hiding behind some sandbags. The bomb doesn't explode and the guy yells, "It's a dud!". And a second later the bomb explodes! My friend just turns to me, and says in a stupid tone, " So it wasn't a dud?". I couldn't hold it and I start cracking up. The whole class is serious while watching the movie, and I'm over here laughing while people are dieing left and right 




 That toilet paper looks like it's two-ply at least! Better than Disneyland and their thin stuff I'm currently using!  




 That was a freakin nice pass! The way Perry recieved the puck without slowing down was perfect! 




 Condoms! Condoms the size of hefty bags!  




 Haha I didn't forget, those just happened to be my favorite ones :3 
























 This has to be made into a Wasted .gif! 




 "Those fuckin' hobbit movies were boring as hell. All it was, was a bunch of people walking, three movies of people walking to a fucking volcano."
Fucking love Clerks II! That random opening with the store burning down.
 




 Oh, nice! Thank you! Gonna go get myself a copy 




 What month and year is this from? 




 Pooping, nothing special. Will resume holiday activities after this brief intermission 




 The Amazoness, yea haha. The pictures aren't alike in that way but, the way the Korra one looks in terms of style reminds me a bit of that game. 




 I really like the art style for this, reminds me a lot of Dragon's Crown. 
http://images.eurogamer.net/2013/usgamer/DragonsCrownHeroines.jpg
 
























 My god that was hot! Need to fond me a woman like that! 




 https://31.media.tumblr.com/13e831f322d70b749da50bd461ecf3a5/tumblr_inline_n0y6ceCodW1qirpie.gif
Wasn't the one I wanted with the crawling weenies :( 




 Went to the comments section just to see if anyone would make this reference! 
Haha Weiners!!!! 




 Can confirm. Used to work as a manager at one, and when we cash out the registers, we have to match up the "promos" (coupons) with the sales report. 
Too many promos and with nothing to show for it, would look suspicious. 




 Fucking up bad at work and it looks like, through the cameras, you helped someone steal a couple hundred dollars worth of cigarettes and threatened by management of being charged as an accomplice if the cigarettes or money doesn't show up soon. 




 I really enjoyed the little easter eggs that littered the pictures. I think that caught my eye more hahaha. 




 You can make me a fan at everything! ;) 
























 Caught in a landslide, 




 http://youtu.be/2T3l_QabfkA
Found it! 




 I seem to recall it being a commercial for Universal Studios when they added that 3D King Kong segment to the tram.  




 Can't go wrong with an IPA! 




 Ooo that ass movement! 




 Nice! I've been training all my life for this!
What's the respawn rate? 




 Yea it didn't seemed like the guy was well trained in boxing. He wouldn't block most of the time. And I couldn't stop seeing a giant "R" tattooed on his back.  
























 It could just be me. I have this weird thing with mannequins (that is a Forever 21 mannequin), I can't be near them without feeling uneasy. I don't like em at all! 









 Ooooooh! I didn't see that! I thought it was a woman having her head smashed in. But still, why is this on my drink? Haha 









 I have no idea.... My friend was trying it out, and she's not much of a gamer so there was some button mashing involved. We just see Batman what looked like kicking and flailing. 









 I kind of appreciated it. I like to watch movies with as little of information as possible so I don't expect what's going to happen. The list of actors and the director tied to the film is more than enough to consider watching this film. 




 Its so...beautiful! 









 This pub at the Shoppes in Chino Hills had a display that they would be showing it. I'm not sure if they're going to be charging for admission for it though. 




 Yea, didn't think there was something for it 




 Must be her son. Won't be able to look at her the same way again. Now that's a confused boner. 
























