 I ask that because a verb is defined as an action or a state of being....... 




 Use it in a sentence where it yeilds it in form to be an action.





Morals evolving renders them meaningless? Religion has changed does it render that meaningless? 




 Not a religous belief 




 No it is not a religous belief  religous attitude or  religous practice. Again where are you getting your conclusion from? 




 Maybe this post is not for you since you cease to make an assumption. 




 Where does it say religion is the representation of moral development?? 




 Im not looking for years of teaching as religion is interpretive. Im simply asking how you interpret it and how adam and eve fit in. 




 Thats contradictory, if the bible is not a moral guide book as you say. 




 Worship is giving worth to something, in verb or noun form. Giving or practicing giving worth to something is not an action.



In verb form, the mayans built a temple to worship the gods. There is no action in worship of the gods, building the temple is an action.




Morals evolve as society and human intelligence does. 




 Ohh, didnt know that, thats pretty cool 




 Does he direct that? 




 didnt adam and eve get banished from eden? How does this happen if evolution took place on earth not eden? Im just asking how this fits together and how its woven into your beliefs? 




 Yes. In an evolved society with evolved humans and an evolved moral system killing others for pleasure isnt the path to least resistance,ie the path to least suffering.




Isnt what you are referring to exactly what happens in religous text? 




 If you are arguing morals come from religion, the question is extremely relevant. 




 So then morals do not come from religion, if they come from God. 




 Not the second one but you did edit the 1st one after i commented 




 Where? Link? 




 Huh? I dont understand that last post 




 How? If we evolved on earth though? 




 Did you read my post? Morality evolves, ie the choices being right or wrong, as human intelligence and society evolve.



Again, worship is not an action so.... 




 He is about as well played, and epic a villian can get. 




 I didnt see anything in your link about them 




 It might work for you but the question is based on your choice, if you cant make one, thats perfectly fine, but again the topic at hand is not for you.




The point is i have questions as to which you pick to help me understand, a non choice doesnt help me. 




 Good, bad, main, supporting, etc. He has some of the most memeroable movies in film history, out of his films who was your favorite creation? and why?




I have to say Bill the butcher is my fav 




 Np, fair enough. But where does adam and eve come into play? 




 It matters in the sense of are we talking about primitive or evolved morality? Are we talking about killing for pleasure or self defense? If you have followed my defining terms all this matters 




 Np 




 That is not an action that is a product of belief, no action involved. 




 Let me rephase, i think you should read the description before you comment, as the question has to do with either or, not neither. 




 How did the fall happen if we evolved on earth? 




 Really, you make no sense. But i will look for answers elsewhere 




 You didnt answer it in regard to an evolution or creationist view



God creates in both which do you believe 




 Religous attidudes is an attitude of a belief in God and or worship. Thats a standard defintion 




 Where does your definition come from? You just made it up? Then yes it is a problem to define things personally and expect the rest of the world to change their definition 




 The bible does say where sin came into play, hinting at its existence in the garden of eden. But i assume from your comments you dont take it literally.




Just curious, do you ever lend thought to where sin started, or is it a non issue for you? 




 Im not implyin you do or i know everything, but depending on your interpretation of evolution or creationism how does adam and eve fit your beliefs? 




 You see how this, your pov, is a bit confusing? 




 You believe in creationism as in the world is 6000 years old, or evolutionary creatism? 




 Thats the definition 




 Where do you get a definition religion is moral development? 




 Its like a deist who believes in god but doesnt worship, he has no religion.




If you are trying to imply natural religion, that is hardly a religion, and not the sense i mean it in as can be explained in my description and comments, and is really just a technicality that has nothing to do with this topic
 




 Religion hints at a god and or some form of worship. I dont worship natural laws or reason. 




 That is not what religion is. 




 Of course it matters an answer would prove that morals do come from religion. If you cant answer it proves morals do not come from religion. Its a simple question really, that i pose to you again. 




 I dont see how what your saying other than religion is different from mine. 




 No you can be agnostic and teach your children reason and natural laws.



If thats the case my question should be revelant, no? 




 Thats exactly what im saying. You are breaking down morality to its primitive form before reason is truly developed. So primitive moralityy is based mainly off of the natural order of things. As reason evolves, the natural laws dont, so does our morality.



What you are saying im saying but it seemed like you are trying to place an evolved reasoning into primitive morality. When i ellude to morality evolving it can only be one of the two elements as natural laws dont change. 




 How does adam and eve fit in? 




 Morality can be taught in other ways? Then we have no issue. 




 So animals ceased to sin before humans were created? Why wouldnt satan bring sin to the animals? 




 There is no option in surviving, it can be neither good or bad. Its the only option, if you are not surving you are dead, no option.




Its the way you choose to survive which becomes right and wrong. Here you are presented with options. The right and wrong ways to survive are shaped over time through human intelligence and evolving society.




If morals dont come from religion where are you saying they come from? Just curious 




 Thats the topic at hand lol 




 Can you name a moral act a believer can do a non believer cant?




If morals come from religion, there should be an act a person who doesnt learn religion(morals) cant do a religous can. 




 Thats what im after. If sin predates adam and eve how does this story fit into your religous views?? 




 Ok, and your saying original sin didnt start with adam and eve as the bible says, sin existed since animals have? 




 Fair enough. 




 Then back to my first question.  




 When was that distintcion made between how we sin and a dog does is basically what im after? 




 Its a nessacary part of living, as natures laws teach us the path of least resistance. It is neither good or bad, the options you take to complete these nessacary survival steps become good and evil.




I have answered this question if you kindly look through the thread before you pose existing questions. 




 You have to be more specific. Self defense, etc




Can you name an action a believer can do a non believer cant? If a non believer is not taught morals though religion there should be an action a person who is taught religion can do a non taught person cant.  




 Can animals sin? 




 if adam and eve didnt exist neither did the serpent amoung them 




 How does that work? 




 My question is how does adam and eve fit in? If we evolved from animals and animals cant sin, where did original sin come from and how does adam and eve fit in? 




 Ok but that they were without sin at first that gives way to an orignal sin at some point.




If we evolved from animals where did we get the ability to sin? 




 Its neither good or bad its a way of life, its a nessacary part of surviving. There is no option, you eat because you are hungry. Good and bad can only come from options. The way you choose to survive becomes good and bad.




Are you avoiding my question? 




 I thought adam and eve where without sin. There choosing becoming original sin. If you believe in evolution where did this start? Do animals sin? 




 The meaning of morality is the action of meeting your nessacary needs. Thats morality. Good morals are those that cause least suffering. Bad morals are those that cause most suffering.




As we evolve and start living together, ie society, the good and bad evolve and consquently become more clearly defined. 




 Okay that does make sense. Its quite an interesting concept, thanks for your replies and bringing this to my attention. 




 As i attempt to answer your questions only fair to attempt mine. 




 I dont understand the question in context to my answers. It has that meaning, the system you defined it as is created due to avoiding needless suffering. 




 Im trying to understand, and i will investigate further, its quite interesting.




Thinking as a religous person, if God has set a moral guideline how does that become individually subjective? 




 No morality has meaning as we evolve it becomes more clear, and certain actions become unnacceptable in a society.




The morals of a caveman would be differnt of a man living in an evolved society. Again as we grow and our society evolves so does morality.



Name an action a believer can do a non believer cant. 




 No a non believer is not taught morals ftom religion, so there must be an act a person who is taught through religion can do that someone who isnt cant do. I ask it again? 




 This is an interesting concept. Can you elaborate further? 




 Where does the fall come into place? 




 Your first half of post is nonsensical.





To name an action is exactly the point of the post, if you cant name an action it becomes clear morals are not taught by religion. 




 Its part of being an animal. You are hungry you eat its a nessicity. As you take paths to how you eat, you are presented with options. The options that will lead to less suffering become good and vice versa. As humans grow and societies evolve these actions become evolved morally, with the actions to feed these nessacary needs it becomes clear what is right and wrong as society takes form.   




 Yes and that moral system is derived from avoiding suffering. 




 Np 




 Killing life doesnt apply to living life. Survival is an instinct, trying to survive without suffering completely is also an instinct. When you are hungry you eat to avoid starving.



If god is moral explain the flood, the promotion of human sacrifice, slavery,and all the other immoral acts commited in the bible? 



Name a moral act a believer can do a non believer cant? 




 I have no idea, im assuming this is aimed at someone else. 




 Good and bad are derived from the instinct of avoiding suffering. As humans grow and socities evolve right and wrong are defined more clearly.



 




 Name a moral action a believer can do a non believer cant.




IF morals are taught through religion, there should be an action a person never taught religion (morals), shouldnt be able to do a religious can 




 I think it's quite unreasonable to assume morals come from religion, even a Christian reading the bible can tell the immoral things that are happening throughout the bible. It can't be the grounds of morality, if itself isn't grounded. 



Simply have to name a moral action a believer can do that a non believer could not do.  




 If you are not a creationist and believe evolution, how does Adam and Eve fit into your religion. If the Adam and Eve story is for interpretation not to be taken literally then where does original sin come from? 



If you believe in creationism and Adam and Eve story literally, how does this fit together in your religious understanding of the two? 



EDIT the point of this post is not to Offend but an attempt to understand 




 Is it worth reading? What did you think of it?  




 I want to start by I believe we made horrible mistakes once we entered Iraq. The biggest being the dissolution of the Iraq army and the laws that were passed to essentially keep them out, there were many many more but this is the biggest.



The invasion of Iraq was a good thing in these ways. Sadaam was a true representation of evil. All of his evils need not be explained one by one, but I think it's universally held he was evil and poison to the country he was ruling.



 As far as WMD, bush had conflicting reports as to whether they were there or not. Even if the reports leaned in the favor he did not presently own, there was evidence he had been trying to obtain WMD. Should we wait till he had obtained such to invade where he would surely use his obtained WMD in war? He also has the history of using WMD in war. He also stated in his trial, he did give the illusion to having WMD because he was worried if he didn't and it was known Iran would invade. He also I believe in 1998, not sure this exact year, refused to cooperate with having people come into the country to examine if he had WMD or not something he agreed to do in the early 90's.



He was also giving diplomatic immunity to terrorist and war criminals. He might not have had direct ties to bin laden but was aiding other terrorist and war criminals in other ways. The war on terror was not just about bin laden but to all terrorist organizations. 




To summarize, He wAs a terrible person to be in power, giving the illusion he had WMD by his own admission and history of being willing to use such, and aiding terrorist and war criminals. This was a good thing to strip him of his power. With that said we made many mistakes after the invasion. As far as setting up the governing body, dissolving the iraq army,etc. but as far as the decision to invade it was the right thing to do, and it lessened the places terror could operate in that part of the world. Also showing USA would not tolerate these many threats, not one or two, as other leaders have done,  but the many violations sadaam has committed will not be tolerated. Change my views

_____

 *Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to* ***[read through our rules](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules)***. *If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which,* ***[downvotes don't change views](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/guidelines#wiki_upvoting.2Fdownvoting)****! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our* ***[popular topics wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/populartopics)*** *first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to* ***[message us](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/changemyview)***. *Happy CMVing!* 




 I am a former catholic and no longer believe in God. The argument I hear for proof of god is mainly in the things science can't explain. Something couldn't have come from nothing, dark matter, intelligent design, etc. This is nonsensical.



You are essentially issuing in the same behavior ancient civilizations did. They could not understand at the time the weather, the sun, the cosmos, etc so it had to be God. All of the scriptures are written by people who had no such knowledge of the things They claimed to be God, and their lack of knowledge bleeds through as science unlocks more and more.




Now this is not to say God exists or does not exist. This is not my debate but my debate is where people are putting God. I think it quite possible to believe in God and also believe that science will shed light on the places it is the dark. Hence this post. To me is not reasonable in a world where people don't believe in God,or who believe in a different God, that putting on a label on the unexplainable is God. It is logical to put your faith, so to speak, in that science will explain these things in time, and that your belief in God belongs else where.



Now I also want to clarify to do the the things my debate touches on is not wrong, or immoral, it is simply unreasonable, not logical. I know there are many things that can give credence to your personal experiences and the deep thing inside most people there is more to this world than us. And that the proof of God is not a thing that can be measured in scientific terms. But I disagree that the universe, or multiverse, and all it's contents cannot be explained by science, and it's not logical to put god here. Change my views

_____

 *Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to* ***[read through our rules](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules)***. *If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which,* ***[downvotes don't change views](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/guidelines#wiki_upvoting.2Fdownvoting)****! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our* ***[popular topics wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/populartopics)*** *first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to* ***[message us](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/changemyview)***. *Happy CMVing!* 









 First I will say I love both and like alternate versions of the same story. On the other hand I donnot understand the argument that the hotel is represented just as evil as it is in the book(not to be confused with the hotel is not evil in the movie).



Kubrick makes intended changes to the books plot seemingly to down play the true evil of the hotel. Take for instance the different endings. In the book the hotel is destroyed, and the movie it's left standing. If the hotel is as evil in the book as it is in the movie, the hotel should have been destroyed.


Take the maze scene. Kubrick places this maze scene in where Danny is chased by the insane gone over the edge jack. Where as the book jack is possessed by the hotel and chases Danny through the halls, his voice and demeanor is extremely unfamiliar to Danny. Jack seemingly goes over the edge as opposed to being possessed by a the hotel. 



Last example is the hedges. The hotel can control the hedges and bring them to life. As Danny's shine gets stronger and fuels the hotels power the hedges go from just moving their positions, to being able to attack the occupants. This is left out seemingly to downplay the hotels capabilities. That's as good place to start as any so Change my views.
_____

 *Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to* ***[read through our rules](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules)***. *If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which,* ***[downvotes don't change views](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/guidelines#wiki_upvoting.2Fdownvoting)****! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our* ***[popular topics wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/populartopics)*** *first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to* ***[message us](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/changemyview)***. *Happy CMVing!* 




 Love the movie and i get it for the most part. Its an unfiltered view of relationships, sex, power, women's desires being equal to mens, etc. My question is relating to kidmans dream half way through and reaction/response at the end. Was she saying she was part of the secret society and had group sex there, or are the two unrelated? 




 First if you havent seen it, you should watch its informative and entertaining.



Curious to see how many people here agree with Ham? How many agree with Nye? How, on either side you're on, does this fit with your religous beliefs and was anything said that surprised you? Or change what you previously believed? 




 Mine is Pet semetary. The wendingo(i think thats right) lining the back story to the cemetary, just makes this plot brilliant imo.



Almost tempted to rule out The stand now but im interested in the why. So whats your favorite and why? 




 What director would you choose and what actors would you like to see?



Im unhappy with all movie adaptations ive seen so far and would be cool to see different scenarios of who could pull it off? Thanks ahead for your comments 




 I will start by I have struggled with this concept since it has been brought to my attention. I know this movie extremely well, better than I should, and have previously debated just about every scene. Not to say the this conclusion is right but to say I do know the film and the characters well. 



My basic theory stems from, The movie constantly allures to what and how magic is done, which has nothing to do with 'real magic' but with deceit. That's what the machine is deceit.  Will give  a summary of my theory now, leaving out the beginning and end, and details as my post will be too long for any interest. I will elaborate on the beginning and end , and details once the discussion begins.



So Borden does have a twin, tesla is real, angiers visits are fabricated from the diary and his ending speech being as such. Upon Angier capturing Fallon and receiving the key to Borden's diary(tesla) is where I will start. Angier visits Tesla finding out there is no answer to Borden's secret( Angiers original motive), and tesla has no "magic". So he begins to come up with away to frame Borden, not just kill him, but ruin his reputation and acquire custody of his daughter. He uses the fact Borden has sent him to tesla, to begin his frame up. He uses a useless tesla machine to add flair to an old trick, and spark interest in Borden. Angier also needs "real magic" to obtain a theater, no simple trick will do, as Borden hs already ruined his reputation. He uses a double to pull off his trick, with the illusion of being transported. He doesn't drown his double every night just the night of the murder. To ensure Borden will be confused he uses the element of mysterious tanks being transported from the theater every night, otherwise Borden will easily see he is using a double but with the mysterious tanks he sparks enough interest from Borden to want to see backstage, as this is vital for the frame up to work. 



Angier is the pledge and turn and root(or other double if you prefer) is the prestige, ie on the balcony. Angiers motive at this point is no longer magic or the applause it's simply to frame borden. Borden makes multiple appearances at the show wearing a disguise. Angier needs to spot and identify this disguise in order to carry on with the frame up, which is why he doesn't do the frame up the first night he enters the theater, and eventually Angier does discover Borden. Knowing his routine and the fact he will come again because he hasn't been picked to view the machine or backstage, he sets the frame up. Seeing Borden enter the theater he tells his assistant to pick Borden out of the crowd that night, also telling root he will be the pledge and turn for the transported man ( not the other tricks) on this night. As Borden is being picked from the crowd, Angier and root switch, the frame up plays out Angier flees the theater. This is the jist will elaborate further on the end scene and the like upon the discussion beginning.



I will add a few of the questions about the machine working theory that I have, which can be answered by my theory. These questions could be preluded with "if the machine works"



What is the tank Caine and Angier are pushing during the ending scene? If if the last clone is in the morgue, and the tank had been broken to extract the clone what tank are they pushing?



Why store the clones? What not rid of them every night?


What is the air bubble at the end in the only visible tank.



How did Angier gain full control of both his legs while drowning? The movie goes through some length to show how damaged it is, why do this if it's not meant to be.a clue



If Borden sends angiers to tesla, it's his plan, why wait till he has  captured Fallon to give him Teslas name, why not give it to him when he gives Angier the diary?



I have more of my theory to share, and more question to ask those who disagree it this is already too long. Looking for reasonable, logical, light hearted debate, so bring it on reddit change my views
_____

 *Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to* ***[read through our rules](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules)***. *If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which,* ***[downvotes don't change views](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/guidelines#wiki_upvoting.2Fdownvoting)****! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our* ***[popular topics wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/populartopics)*** *first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to* ***[message us](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/changemyview)***. *Happy CMVing!* 




 Why these 2, well I had this debate with a friend recently, i wanted to know what Reddit thinks.




My case is for Leo. I feel Tom cruise is very similar in alot of his roles. Leo to me has taken more risk, is more convincing at different types of roles, and simply picks better movies. And the fact Scorsese works with Leo, amoung many other actors again and again and has worked with Cruise once is odd.




Again tell me who you like and Why?



EDIT: im more interested in your why then who 




 The lead singer and guitar player for the Wild hearts, Ginger, decided to release a solo album. Instead of dealing with the record company, he decided to set up a fundraiser deal. Where people interested in buying his record would send him money. I think the first 10,000 was like 50$ and the rest was 25$. 




The first 10,000 recieved 20 songs then a vote was taken as to which 10 made it on to the record. The top ten made it. Once the songs were finalized the first 10,000 got both the official record and the record of the other 10, i believe in both cd and record format. The ensuing investors received the official record.




I just love this idea. Getting your chance to participate in the making of the record and taking all outside influence away, leaving the artist with complete freedom. Other bands have used this strategy, including Radiohead(not 100% this band).




 REDDIT what are your thoughts? Do you love or hate it? Would you participate? 




 Ozzy and sharon have been fighting the surviving members of the randy rhodes era, over their rightful royalties. Bob daisley and lee kerslake have been trying to receive their fair share but are getting denied. They had ample share in writing the music and recording "Blizzard of Oz" and "Diary of a Madman", although they did not tour on these records.



Ozzy went so far as to remove their tracks and rerecord them when they were remastered. To stay consistent upon the release of the 2 albums box sets, Daisley offered up hours and hours of early takes, demos, and studio outtakes, Ozzy refused because Daisley wanted royalties instead of it being bought outright.




As a lifelong fan of Ozzy, i cannot forgive him for this greed, and i have just recently stumbled upon this. To think you cant even buy the orignal music from the randy rhode era is infuriating. Tell me what you think Reddit.




I dont have links but this can be found with a quick google search. 




 I have watched the film many times, close to twenty. It makes more sense that it doesnt work, really the only thing that makes sense imo. There are clues everywhere in the movie once you grasp the timeline and Angier and Bordens never ending deception (this includes angier's last attempt to fool borden at the very end). 




I wont go into specifics here, but will debunk the theories presented in the discussion. Whether you agree or disagree completely let me know what you think.



EDIT: SPOILER ALERTS 




 My choice would be avatar. The special effects combined with a powerful story just hit the right notes for me. What is your Personal best of the last 10 years?




I also thought django unchained was amazing, and There will be blood that imo has the best acting in the last 30 years. 




 Paypal preferred. Willing 2 go 1st with trusted buyers. Willing to do multiple transaction or use a MM. Quick n easy hmu.

Http://www.reddit.com/r/MCSRep/comments/33qaq8/umaddlabber928_mcs_rep_profile/ 




 Paypal preferred. Willing to do multiple transaction, MM, or other ways to keep both parties safe. Fairly new here but have bought n sold here, hmu im reasonable.

Http://www.reddit.com/r/MCSRep/comments/33qaq8/umaddlabber928_mcs_rep_profile/ 




 Lookiing to sell 200k together. Will break up payments. Paypal preferred.

Http://www.reddit.com/r/MCSRep/comments/33qaq8/umaddlabber928_mcs_rep_profile/ 




 *4\21\15
* xbox 1
* If you clicked a link to this page, please make sure that you're on the real /r/MCSRep. Double check the username that linked you and make sure it matches the username of this rep thread EXACTLY and  isn't just SIMILAR. Note that just because you're reading this doesn't mean a scammer didn't include this note in their fake profile to trick you into a false sense of security. Always double check, and don't get tricked or scammed! 
 
























 I agree with that but thats basically what i just said. There are going to sell more physical copies so it justifies a higher cost but that doesnt reflect the cost difference. They would only have to sell 2.2 million digital to reach the profit of 3.4 physival, but they might not sell as many total if it were only digital.
 




 Im not asking you what you believe is true but how you came to that conclusion and what roles like upbringing and demographic played.



If your answer is i have questioned christianity but came to the conclusion i just know it to be true, thats an acceptable answer. Im just saying i feel you didnt touch on every question so im trying to dig a lil deeper But i respect your answers and appreciate your reply 




 It doesnt touch on if everything in your faith you see eye 2 eye with, why you connect with paul, your upbringing and demographic and their roles? Basically the 4 questions i posed 




 Thats hardly answering the questions i posed, maybe the title but not the ones im after. I do appreciate your replys  




 I understand you think its true. But specifically what about christianity settled these doubts? Did your upbrining play a part? Do you think where you were born played a part in your choice? Are there things inside your faith you dont see eye to eye with? 




 I understand your comments but it offers me no insight in how you have personally dealt with these questions which is what im after. 




 I disagree. One or two of those things maybe not a big contributor but all of them combined becomes a factor.



Lets say its only 2% difference in total cost between digital and tangible. That might not sound like alot but its probaly close to 100s of thousands dollar difference. Especially when your profit margin is higher with digital copies.




Also another reason games are not digitized is the market is higher for physical games. Gamers like the option to be able to trade in games when done and purchase old ones that digital copies cant offer. This is in some way justifies a higher cost to sell more games. 




 You are part of UU? 




 I know the bible well. I want to know how you personally answer these questions not paul. 




 The devil in the white city, erick larson.




Most people i talk to havent heard of it. Its the most entertaining non fiction work imo. A dual story about americas 1st serial killer and the 1st world fair's main architect. The amount of staples in american culture that came from the fair will astound you and the killers dark tale will shock you. 




 Your reasoning is very good. Although i disagree it isnt significantly cheaper. Theres no shipping cost, dont have to invest in boxes or discs, or designers of the two and without having a middle man your profit is higher.
 




 What about the other questions? 




 But have you questioned your faith choice in the forms of the 4 questions posed? 




 Nba has a salary cap which means teams contract cost per year has to be under a certain amount. For ex, say the salary cap is 60million in 2016, that means Golden states player contracts total has to be under 60 million in 2016.  The cap changes based on the previous years leagues earning. The reasoning behind the cap is to control league cost and to keep teams competitive. 




Nba has a "soft" salary cap. Which means there are circumstances in which a team is allowed over the cap. When a team unjustly goes over this cap the penalty is usually minor in the form of a "salary tax". This is different than in the Nfl.



Free agents. A unrestricted Fa is a player whose contract has run out and other teams can make an offer. A rescrited Fa is a player whose contract has run out but in order to sign him conditions apply. Like a team will place a draft pick on a restricted Fa if a team wants him enough and signs that Fa they forfeit a pick to players former team. This condition only last for part of the offseason and allows teams who can meet these conditions to have first dibbs.



Veterans minium is the lowest a team is allowed to pay a vet. The min is lower for those players for are not vets. This bar is usually set during collective bargaining agreements between the owners and players union.



The max is the highest a team can pay any one player. This can vary. Because of a soft salary cap, a team is allowed to go over the cap to keep a player on their roster. Say stephen curry is a Fa. Golden state will be allowed to offer him a higher max deal than clevland, because GS can exceed the cap to try and keep him. This is really to allow small market teams to retain stars by being able to offer them more money, as well as othe reasons.  




 I am a former christian, i still struggle with the idea of God and am curious about certain things ive had troubling answering and how those who still believe personally can/do. My point is not to offend but to understand So i might pry a little into responses with why's and how's. I had a similar post recently that had some enlighting results. 



I will also add i dont think it immoral or wrong to question your faith choice, it is healthy and will only strengthen and enlighten personal truths, whatever that truth turns out to be for you.




Ive always wondered how you can be certain your religion is the right one, Gods intended religion. How much certainity comes from your upbringing and/or demographic and would it be different if some factors were even slightly changed. So i pose a few questions to seek some insight from those who are christians who have undoubtly had the same questions enter their mind and how they responded. And if you havent asked yourself these questions why not?




How can you be sure, out of the countless religions including the different forms of christianity, you have choosen right? And do you think, to those who it applies to, your upbringing and/or demographic has had influence on this choice?




Have you given any effort into looking at other religions and their teaching to confirm your choice? Why or why not?



Have you had moments where you question your choice? If so why or what settled these doubts?




And do you find everything in your religion agreeable, including certain events/passages in the bible? Why or why not?   




 I watch the combine very close every year. I remember the pass rush drills this guy with the crazy hair performing on another level than every one else. I followed up on him tapes stats etc, and b/c of his injury and slow 40 knew he would be a steal for someone.



I couldnt believe we drafted him and if he can stay healthy he will be the best pick of the draft.  




 Thats ok. If you cannot understand the question in terms of adam and eve's story i have no intention of trying anymore. Ive gotten a fair share of enlightening responses. 




 You imply I didn't offer you to make a new thread several times, but you seem to conveintly not bring that up.




Again you like to have discussions in threads that have nothing to do with OPs topic. Thanks for reminding me how fruitless and childish your exchanges are and I will not be responding to any more of them. Please stop sending me messages unsolicited for the third and hopefully final time.  




 You are still referring to having the debate in the wrong thread, what you cant grasp about that is the heart of your childish comments.  




 You never once directed me to one of your threads thats again more of your childish games.




And frankly the jokes on you this interview proves nothing about the prestige. 




 Thats not the truth, i repeatedly tried to move the debate to a more fitting thread, we were in a thread about best film endings not the prestige or its intrepertations, which you refused to do. You would also say i was trying to force you into a debate, followed by messages of you trying to rebute my points in an inapproiate thread. Very similar to what you are doing here.



I have never ducked your points but when you started making comments like the minority is always wrong and such it became apparent a reasonable debate would not be possible. So to continue on in a wrong thread was pointless.




Again, as ive told you 3-4 times now, if you want to debate the prestige make a thread, or lets continue in an existing one. But to forward me a thread where Nolan says nothing to swing the debate 1 way or the other as if it magically proves your right is the kind of thing i can expect from you but will no longer engage in. 




 There is no mention about his early movies nor does he say anything about the prestige. The way you just shrug off anything i have to say about the topic without given my views a chance was quite childish as is this message and i dont see us having any common ground to have a productive conversation.




On the other hand you find Nolan specifically talk about the prestige and the machine i would be interested in that. 




 If you account you being fired for not doing your job or not following the rules, then you refuse to leave this place of buiness(cant call it your job you have been fired), so secruity has to remove you because you refuse to leave this place you no longer have the right to be, and you consider this violence its not only ludacris its nonsensical, and i dont see how we will ever find common ground. 




 Well without complicating things the n word can do the most damage quickly



So if you agree im saying in a simplified way lets stop treating it as more nasty than the other slurs and curses. Not to say its ok to use or victims shouldnt be offended 




 My other big point here is the n word has no equal. So if its used a recipent might feel like violence is the only answer. He cant come back with cracker or spic etc it doesnt have the same power.



So im saying theres 3 options





1 continue to let the n word have no equal. Which im trying to offer an alternative




2 give the n word an equal. This would just seem immplausiable and encourage the behavior that should stop




3. Treat the n word like every other slur and curse. This is very simplified but the heart of my argument here in option 3 




 You can refuse to be humilated by returning the favor it in no ways suggest violence. If you constantly show up late and the boss threatens your job this in no way justifies violence. If you refuse to leave your job after being fired i would assume the police would be called.



It seems you are saying anything you perceive as disagreeable to your views like someone calls you a name in a non violent matter you can justify violence. If i understand this correctly You either have major anger problems or im not understanding your point. 




 Good point on my CMV ill have to rephrase that, as i can see that implying the wrong intention.



Let me start by this, by trying not to use power, would you agree the n word is widely considered the nastiest most looked down upon racist slur? Its more powerful(cant find another way to express) than cracker spic fag, etc.? 




 See we are not coming to a mutual understanding of what a threat is. So its impossible to say the source is a threat when we dont look at a threat the same way.



Your boss can threaten your job, it has no relation to violence.




A racist can say the n word with out the threat of violence with just the intention of trying to humilate you. If you percieve that as violent threat that is a problem.



Now a racist can say hey n ill kill you. Thats obviously a threat of violence that i could agree a physical reaction could be well with in reason. But for that matter in this instance you could replace n with any word and it would still be the same threat.



 




 Its important to call out degarogtory language whenever its used against majority or minority i will first point out.




You imply that im saying the word should just be accepted and treated like someone saying good morning. If you cant see the clear distinction im making this conversation will not be productive. You dont have to agree but if you are drawing the wrong conclusion then the intended one, we are just clarifying previous points instead of making forward progress.




I would suggest reading my post and answers to not only you but others again to get a clear sense of where im coming from. I cant attempt to change my view if you dont understand them. 




 Word powered by a threat or a word powered by a threat of violence? 




 No you completely misunderstand my points.




Racist will always use the word. Its up to the recipent to decide what it means to them and how they respond but this in noway justifies its usage. This lessens the damage done and by no way downplays the words racism or condons people to use it more.



Yes in a way im putting responsibilty on the victim to change what damage is caused because by reacting a certain way you will establish it as a racist verbal nuke that will always be used as opposed to treating it as any other curse. 



But again you keep going back to the possibilty of this, which Is Not the topic. Where the power comes from is. With that said the word is only viewed as racist in certain context, so that just proves the word can be treated as non offensive by the recipent. 




 Great points and one im kind of hinting to specifically. Let me elaborate by compressing the argument i make to 2 races white and black, although the argument is not mutually exclusive to these 2.




A black has no verbal nuke compared to a white having the verbal nuke of the n word. So the best situation is no one has verbal nukes. But by the first statement made in this paragraph the second best option of everyone having verbal nukes is impossible. So the best situation becomes the only one. The only way to suceed at this is to disarm those who have a verbal nuke. This is basically my point im trying to make. 




 By making an analogy you are comparing physical violence to spoken words. I concede that it is not saying they are the same but i strongly disagree with your comparing of the two.




I never stated it would be easy just that it is possible. Furthermore the topic is not about the possibilty anyway but about the source of the power. 




 we disagree that it's a threat of violence. The word has no power, ts nothing more than a word, but the reaction to it gives it power. I don't see how your knife comparison makes sense if the word is not a threat of violence.



That's like someone throwing a plastic knife at you, and you retaliate with a real knife.  




 I don't understand the your point feel free to elaborate.  But you are also saying the threat is one of violence meet with violence, I dont understand your distinction here.  




 Didn't you try to make the point that the power of the word comes from the threAt of violence, a bit contradictory of you wouldn't you say?  




 True, but kind of like Sam harris acting against the taboo of critizing religion, is similar to this post. If you don't bring awareness to taboos they will never change and be accepted.  




 Again where in the definition of worship does it sAy you have to believe in the thing you are expressing revere or adoration for. You are adding to the definition as you please to fit your argument here. It might not make sense to you that worship has to be followed with belief or it doesn't count but that's not how the word is defined, like your armament position on a verb that I disagree with but have conceded because my point is not clearly defined as so the same thing is happening here but you refuse to concede by adding to the definition. 




Again comparing Greece to today is crazy. The war famine mistreatment of women were done to a bigger proportion than it is today by a impossible margin, the actions of such were more widely accepted. 



I'm saying that as human intelligence has grown and societies evolve morality follows suit. I'm saying the ways to survive(morality defined) were not as clear as they are today, the choices are more black and white to what is right and wrong today then it was back then. Not saying there are black and white today but are more clearly defined. 


I could be wrong, but it seems evident IMO you are applying your pre notion of what you think morality is and applying it to my statements as opposed to how I'm defining it(not the evolution of morality but how I define it). It might clear up your points to me if you look at my definition of morality I gave you days ago and apply that to my argument, and then come back with your counter. Might help. 




Evolution absolutely goes forward though a process of natural selection. The species that are less fit for their enviroment don't survive, and evolution moves forward with the rest. Same thing in applying to primitive firms of morality. Sure some forms of morality had some good elements, some bad, some inbetween but though natural selection the less suitable ones die out while the more suitable ones survive and evolve with their surroundings, humans and society.  




 This is ludacris. Physically slapping a person is not the same as speaking hurtful words and if you cannot separate the two there in lies the heart of the problem.  




 I disagree with your comparison, a bully in most cases is using physical violence which is what I have A problem to begin with. And my other point is if thr n word was not as powerful bullies would cease to use it as much.  




 Good points. Emotion reaction is a tricky thing. Again I not saying this is entirely possible to sweep the world. I'm only stating my view is the power of the word is being given to by those who react in such an irrational way. That's where I'm trying to change my views, not the possibility of it.  




 Well then in that case morals do not come from religion.  




 I disagree speakng a word should spark any kind of violence. Someone whispers your address is an area for concern but not one that should be meet with violence.  I'm not saying all who hear the n word reataliate with violence but the ones that do are not justified and to lessen this reaction the sting of the word has to be. 




 Agreed, will also add it's also every animals instinct to reproduce and survive by following the path of least resistance,ie avoiding suffering.  




 Your insults are petty and your intentions made clear by such, I hope for your sake you can learn to interpret statements read in the context they are given. Your lack of interpretation has lead to this fruitless exchange and given no production to the topic at hand, but I assume this is a frequent problem for yourself. A shame you have clouded this thread with pointless banter, and I agree the end of our conversation is at hand.  




 I never claimed you are making it easy. Take it in context of the whole statement. Sure I could take any number of things you have said and break them in half and drive some wild conclusion from as you have been attempting to do. But I don't play those silly games, and you can easily see in the context of the statement it is not a personal attack, or even personally directed at you.



You claim my point on intellectually complex doesn't make sense, now you are saying its a wild claim, followed by one of your own, and im still unsure if you understand my point or are still atempting to.



As far as changing my views, our conversation hasn't gone passed me trying to defend statements you have taken out of context, and cleRing up points I'm trying to make because you either can't understand or have tAken the wrong conclusion. Also now with an accusation of an out of context statement where you are saying I personally directed a statement towards you, which is clearly not the cAse. For a productive conversation to occur these things would have to change. 




 You are ignoring my point I made in the description.  A reaction would still be made but the ones that are being made now are inmost cases are unacceptable. It is in fact a word, it is not racism in one word. 



You act like the word is not constantly used and tolerated in entertainment. If you can hold your teeth in those instances you should be able to do the same when it's used in a different context. 



My point about intellectually complex is quite simple. Most racist are not the most brilliant people in the world. So by giving them one word to describe all the pain hurt suffering oppression slavery racism, you are making it easy. They would never find a way to try to bring that kind of hurt on someone if they had to use more than just one word to do the same damAge.  




 You act like words cannot be harmful to others. Im not saying it wouldbe easy or entirely possible to do but the reaction it receives encourages its usage. 




 If a white just says, hey n, to a black guy, violence will be more likely come from the black who was simply called a word with no threat of violence.  




 Worship by your definition, revere and express adoration for something, could be done by a nonbeliever it doesn't say anything about being genuine or a believer. Again if something has to exist for worship as you keep trying to say, you have to prove God exists to prove your worship is a moral act, or you are simply not answering the question. 



You are simply not seeing my point, you are hanging on your pre notions of morality. Ancient Greece might have had some forms of morals but women were not treated right, slavery,  war, famine, etc to epic proportions. To say Greece was a more intelligent, sophisticated society, with cleArer morals to today, just because of your view of homosexuals is ludacris. You are cherry picking here, and cherry picking there. 



Also again, if you are saying Ancient Greece is more morally sound I would ask you to elaborate, it's quite obvious to me. Again can you show a source of evolution going backwards?  




 Yea im saying the reaction should be no different than someone calling you d1ck, bastard, etc 




 Sure but by that reasoning anything is impossible. The post is not really about the possibility anyway, its about the premise. But your points are well said and noted. 




 Not expecting someone racist to be intellectually capable is the point, you chop a leg out from under the incapable racist to express them selves. Did you read the sentence that followed?




Charleston shooting only furthers my point about trying to lessen the damage done by 1 word. 




 But the reaction of shithead is not in the same ball park. If it is treated the same its usage and hurt caused would dramatically reduce.




My point is by treating the word this way you strengthen the ways a racist can hurt you verballyy. In fact you make it easy. They can hurt you deeply by one word anyone with half a vocabulary can say, as opposed to having them do the same verbal damage by other more intellectually complex ways. You add intellectually complex and you take half the racist off the table right there ever finding a way to express there racism. 




 Good points. But when racist do use it, it is used to yeild its negative effects and get a reaction. Im saying if it stops receiving a reaction, gradually over time it would limit usage of the word by racist, and even when used it would cease to be anything more than your a d1ck, a bastard, etc



Sure racist will always find a way to be offensive but im trying to make the point by lessing the power of the word you lessen their racist aresnal and strip them of their most powerful verbal weapon. As opposed to loading the weapon for them and just awaiting the war. 




 I did in my description, the reaction. 



White and black arguing, white calls black basterd, its offensive but doesnt get a over reaction, major mood change , or violent outburst consistently. Now that white uses the N word and those exact reaction avenues just explained go up dramtically, to where its one , or a combo of the three consistently almost inevitable 




 Of course a non believer can. I can walk into any church and take part in the mass, and worship with them. I can walk out still a non believer and have worshipped with believers. That can be seen by fellow believers and god as a moral act, might not be genuine but now your defining worship however you want. When did genuine mutually exist with moral?

So let's say god doesn't exist, then your worshipping a non existent god, that worship would cease to be a moral act in your way of thinking. So now you would have to prove god exist for your worship to be one a moral act.



No morals have not regressed. A universal morality is much better than it was 200 yeArs ago. The places where you refer to that make women inferior are religious based, and therefore are hanging there morals on books that were written in  a time of a primitive form of morals. It can also be assumed following immoral ways to survive. Morality evolving does not mean every one chooses to be moral. Morality can be light years evolved and there will still be people who choose immoral and who influence others. 




Morality evolving, again, defines things more clearly. 300 years ago the inferior women you refer to would still be seen as morally ok. But as we evolve it's more universally held that what's going on there is wrong. Even though slavery has happened somewhat recently not everyone agreed with this. The fact it's not happening in the USA now is a sign of progress coupled with the fact that our country is run on evolved morals.



You could bring up sadaams recent regime, but nothing in his regime reflects evolved morals. I can't make this any clear just because morals evolve does not mean that everyone chooses the right path. Having a universal moral does not rid of evil or bad morals. It only makes clear what paths you take to survive are good and bad. 



So your argument that morals haven't evolved because people are still acting immoral that's simply ludacris. Can you give an example of where evolution goes backward?  




 To your point about worship counting, is this, let's say god exist and even though as a non believer you are not sure about the existence of god but worship anyway this would of course be seen as a moral act by god, what would you define this as immoral? wBut again this is a slippery slope and we could both hang on technicalities and interpretations but once you start hanging on mental actions that could not be proven, it can't be proven for me to say the opposite and cancel your argument out. But I don't see a point in that direction, but again if you want to proceed with this in a proven, not directly canceling out, action I'm open to that direction.



You are confusing maturing with evolving. A person can lose their maturity at any given moment, see Donald's trump recent statements. I'm talking about evolving. A collective human evolution has taken place that doesn't go backwards, we are not turning back into apes, same thing with morality. It doesn't go backward it has evolved with time in the same way. As we grow and explore the options I have described and their consequences the good and bad are clearly defined. 
 




 I guess we will have to just disagree , you are walking a fine line in defining action. For that matter an even finer line when you consider the original question. The "action" you are referring to cannot be observed and happens internally, for that matter I could play the game of a non believer could worship, he doesn't have to believe to worship, and you can't prove he is not worshiping because it's not observable it's all internal. You could say a believer can think of god that's moral, that's an action, but without it being observable you are just playing games with the question, which should have multiple answers that aren't trying to play a fast one. Again I could easily say well a non believer thought of god. But I won't play that game, I'll leave it there.   



The other half of our conversation is still open ended.  




 To imply all people who don't believe in religion are immoral is a bit disturbing, then to go and lump non religious people in with if you don't believe in god you can't be moral is very concerning.  




 We had a long conversation it's just a little unsatisfactory for it to end this way for me when we had a reasonable back and forth and now you won't acknowledge a verb is not always an action, or for that matter the points we left on evolution of morals not degressing. But if that's where you want to end, not being able to prove your points on verbs, or elaborate further, that's fine, but the progress we had at first tempted me to continue what at one time was a reasonable exchange. 




Ok, well you are just wrong on worship not being a state of being. Worship happens in your head, it's not an action. But if your right you should be able to use worship as an action. That's the question can you use worship as an action(as opposed to the other meaning of Verb)in a sentence for me? 


 




 Thats the equivalent of saying a noun is a place, that's all there is to say about it, it can't be a person because it's a place.  




 You do understand a verb is not always defined as an action, right? Lol 
 




 No attempt on a sentence? 




 I'm not excited(I find your assumption of tone quite comical) simply trying to understand your confusion, which after 200 responses no one else as had.I'll try one more time, I'm asking Christians about the story of Adam and eve(as this post shows many consider the original sin, but again you are hanging on the title not the description) and how this relates to your belief. If you have no relation of the two whatever you define as original sin if it has nothing to do with Adam and Eve then it's not really what I'm asking.



Furthermore I'm asking about your beliefs, mine are irrelevant but you keep wanting me to define. I'm asking simply what you believe about this story and how it fits into your beliefs, not what I believe about the story and how it fits into your belief. 




 Did you even read the description or did you just read the title?  




 Fair enough 




 I don't agree with you. But the burden of proof is on those to prove morals come from religion I've already stated my case. 



To name an action, I gave a coat to a homeless man yesterday.  




 You can believe in god and not believe morals come from religion.  These two can exist without the other.




I was religious for a long time but this is irrevelant to the point.  




 The burden of proof is not on me, I'm not trying to prove morals come from religion.  




 How does the story of Adam and Eve fit into those beliefs, what does it mean to those beliefs,and do you take it literally figuratively? 



Usually the concept of original sin refers to mans first sin, ie the Adam and Eve part of my description 




 The first sin of man 


I mean I'm speaking of original sin in context of Adam and Eve I don't know how else to explain that 




 The story of Adam and Eve 




 Adam and Eve being the story of original sin and how that fits into your beliefs? 




 Just the adam and eve story, are you an evolutionst or creatonist and how does the adam and eve story fit that choice and how do they both fit into your belief? 




 Fair enough 




 Except for the priest..... 




 For that matter i even thanked you for your replies as others. I have treated everyone respect who has treated me the same. Your accusations are quite comical 




 Who did i badger lol? 




 Lol seriously, where did i say it belongs to me. I was simply telling you what i was looking for as opposed to ignoring your responses. But i guess you prefer the latter dually noted 




 Lol, you are an idiot. You are saying jesus did write about mary now? You are saying the catholic church predates the old testament? You are saying the catholic church wrote the new testament but doesnt base its teachings off of it?



Your ignorance has reached comical proportions, thanks for the laughs. I feel bad for the church that you claim it but then again the catholic church has done more than its fair share of ignorance and evil. 




 There is no right or one answer i seek. I have received many enlighting answers btw, shed much light on the topic for me




As a person who use to have faith this was an issue for me, i wanted to see how people of faith deal with this




The only unnsatisfactory part i have had, is people who have given me legit answers, gotten a few knuckle heads who turn defensive and answered nothing, about how adam n eve fit into their beliefs refuse to answer if this is an issue that they think about 




 "Soon youll be jerking it thinking bout money" haa



I always wondered if he lost weight for that role or he was that skinny because of dallas buyers club 




 Well the fact your faith is shakeable like mine i dont find it revelant, im trying to get the other end of the spectrum but with thqt said i do appreciate your replies. 




 Im trying to imply if you have no belief in original sin this post isnt for you.  How do you even get that assumption? 




 You added something different, if it such a weird thread why do you continue to post in it. 




 Im looking for believers to answer this but if thats how adam and eve fit into your faith thats what im asking. 




 What do you mean by your post? Why is my age revelant? 




 You can still believe in God and not think morals come from religion, fyi. 




 Np, and your answer does shed some light no doubt. But your faith as mine is shakeable so to say, im trying to get the other side of the spectrum. But i do appreciate your replies. 




 Yes if your trying to explain how they fit into Your beliefs. 




 Nontrinitarism is a form where jesus divinty is in question.




Thats not a teaching thats an assumption, how could jesus teach that, he was dead before mary. I am former catholic of 19 years, been baptized, been to countless sunday schools and church, have also been confirmed, none of this is relevant. The whole catholic church and its teaching are based on the bible!  A fact, buddy. You are saying its not, explain?? 




 I mean the point of the post isnt to make you feel less of anything. As a former person of faith it was something i struggled with and i wanted to see how others with faith deal with this.




As far as answering my question you no longer believe so no you cant answer my question, but i do appreciate your post. 




 Where are any of "his" teaching not found in the bible??



Once again do some research. 




 What part of earth have they been banished from? 




 Answer me this can you name a moral action a believer can do a non believer cant?



If morals come from religion, there should be an action a person who isnt taught religion(morals) cant do a religous can.



EDIT 




 Im not questioning your faith or the doctrine. Im simply asking do you believe in creationism or evolution and how does adam and eve (original sin) fit into those beliefs? 




 There are forms of christanity where jesus is not divine strictly speaking do some research.




If jesus is divine and his teachings are in the bible, what is christanity based off of if not the bible? 




 Fair enough or he was simply highlighting the negative first and making sure not to lump everyone together second. But to each his own intrepretation 




 Is the new testament not the bible? In some forms of christanity is jesus not God? 




 Why give whites that power? Why let them have that ultimate trump card? Slavery and oppression is not that long ago, true but why let all that hurt pain suffering be brought up with one word any ignorant being with half a vocabulary can say? Why not let it go and cease the racist yeilding its power by not given it any?




Not said to be offensive, or downplay its serious nature, Just an honest why? 




 He did say some are good people. 




 Is the bible not considered the word of God? Is christanity religion not based off the bible? 




 People who are oppressed for a long time feel the need to be open about who they are and want to use their freedom to say so. As people like them hadnt always had such freedom.




If being gay wasnt a crime or a thing that people look down for such a long time they might not feel the need to express their freedom.



Never been to the south? Parades for st8 people all the time. 




 Evolution doesnt go backwards.





Use worship in a sentence as a verb that shows action not a state of being 
























 Avatar was badass 




 They both die in their respective movies, be kind of tricky to pull that off. 




 John travolta(vincent vega) and Micheal Madsen(vic vega) are brothers. Just watched quentin tarantino confirm this, ive watched these movies many times never noticed this.   




 Thats pretty powerful 




 I quote this alot, i really love it. Kind of even fits into Sam harris and the like views' on morality. But not even looking at it in that light, a quote that really sums up lifes lessons and a healthly way to view them.By the great Alexander Dumas from the epic "The count of monte cristo".






"There is neither happiness nor misery in the world, only the comparison of one state to another, nothing more. He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness."  




 You summon the Devil and realize he is the better(moral) of the two. God is more true to the old testament version, willingly letting sin thrive. The bible was falsafied to gain worship, the source of power for any higher being. The Devil names you as the prophetic messengar to change the worlds view, and lead those to worship, give power to, Satan...... 




 The lion king 




 Apocalypse Now




The Godfather 1+2




Avatar





Fight Club 




 Intelligence is not only defined by the ability to create. 




 Just watched this fight, Wow. Easily one of the best ive seen. 




 Ali gets out classed in that one imo, i think their 3rd fight was the best ever though 




 This is not true, for all states. In louisiana the state is notified regardless of an sr22 if your policy is revoked. There are also constantly rising financial  penalties for this as well.  




 I have actually seen this fight, no bout about it epic fight.  




 When I look around at the world, look like god is taken a 10 count right now 




 Yes, but in some cases when wages increase it's to combat the fact that prices of goods( walmart) have already increased. So in some way it's too even out raised prices. 
 




 They train there body, to the point they actually stretch their stomach. I'm sure some purge, but I would believe most exercise on a daily basis. They also do not eat like this all the time, they go through periods where they train, and go back to eating more normal proportions when they are not. 



I will also add, I assume this process is not the healthiest of things to put your body through and most will have consequences from this at some point in life.  




 This is a high risk policy. It cost an insane amount compared to regular insurance. It is mandate in louisiana for years after a DUI or DWI. It is essentially the same as a standard policy but it cost more because of your history and the risk it takes to insure you.




I'm sure there are other reasons, I can only speak to my experience in Louisiana and in my case it was a requirement after a DUI. I also had to ride out the years it was required to have without further incident or the requirement time would be longer. I pay about 70$  month now, but during my sr22 period it was over 200$ per month.  




 The best I ever saw was the thrilla in Manila. Like to watch other great fights but don't know where to start, help?  




 Religion shapes a warped view of reality. Most religions are not compatable with what we know about the world today. Not having a religion does not make a person cease to ask the questions that are important to us all, we just look for these answers without using fairy tales. 




It seems ludicrous to me to believe a book from 2000 years ago, obviously written by people who had no idea how the universe worked. Much more reasonable to look for answers from those who do.  




 I'm not really religious but you learn more from your failing then you do from succeeding. An old poker player can tell you every bad beat he had but have a harder time telling you all his winnings. Pain can be a powerful lesson. Suffering, as you described it, on a small scale can be a powerful teacher.



I'll leave you with a quote from the great Alexander Dumas, " There is no happiness or misery in the world, only the comparison of one state to another, nothing more. He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness."  




 Yes you get certain antibiotics for certain infections. When a cut on your foot gets infected you will get one set of antibiotics, and when you get a tooth infection you get another set. 




Also you can use antibiotics from your cut foot incident to help with your tooth infection. Antibiotics will help bring down your infection no matter what they were designed for. Why? That I really don't know but I have also heard many times it is not good for your body to take antibiotics for one infection when they were designed for another. 




 To add, another aspect of slavery rarely touched on was the price of goods. The south and it's products such as cotton could basically charge whatever they deemed. The north could not effectively combat these prices by boycott because the south wasn't paying their workers so a boycott would not effect them much. The north could only hold out for so long, they needed the products offered from the south.




So slavery was a human rights issue in one hand but also very much an economic of goods issue that had nothing to do with the terror of slaves or improving their livelihood  




 Mohamed is the most important one though. Jesus is basically the Christians Mohamed, with Christianity adapting Moses And Jesus as one of a few of their prophets. I assume this depiction has been an issue and probably still is but it's just not of the same importance as Mohamed who represents worshippers of today, as where Jesus and Moses in the Quran represented a certain people in a certain time.  




 Thanks for the links, although I do feel this thread has specific questions not touched on in several of the threads I read.  




 A prophet according to the Quran has been sent to each people throughout time, where Mohamed was sent as the last one for all mankind instead of for a specific people in a certain time in history.



A prophet is sent to portray gods law though actions and will power without nessicarily calling for his worship. A prophetic messenger is sent to reveal gods law by calling for his worship and people to follow him.  




 There are over 100,000 prophets in The Quran, maybe more. Jesus was amoung them, so yes important I never said unimportant but not the same importance as Mohamed. Mohamed was the only prophetic messenger from god, Allah. That's why Mohamed's' depiction is so deeply protected.  




 They are not concerned with these figures like Mohamed and they are not depicted as being as important either. 




 Muslims do not use or worship the bible. Their religious book is the Quran. The one true prophet in their religion is Mohamed. Jesus and Moses are not depicted the same and do not have the same importance in the Quran as they do in the bible. 









 Sequel is good 2  




 The way people retain information is almost individually exclusive. I have found highlighting quite effective. Really was just offering different avenues to travel to retain what you read, which was the topic at hand. 




 One of the sentences you pointed out does need some restructuring but most of what you brought up is just rephrasing the sentence to your liking. It's mostly your opinion on how you would write it as opposed to being grammatically correct. There are issues grammatically but not to the extent you are portraying. I do need to improve the effectiveness of punctuation. 



I disagree it doesn't have a good flow, which is mainly determined by opinion anyway. We can both read Hemingway and agree its good, well structured, grammatically sound but disagree on flow.



 




 Lighter would change the meaning of what I was trying to get across to you about the sentence in question and it's meaning. 


The "trip" sentence I see nothing wrong with in the story. Again I do like the concept of the story being written by an insane person who hasn't returned from the dark. I will experiment in my next draft to bring to life the insanity of this "author" and his plea for others to take this trip.  




 The revenant





Avatar 2 whenever this damn movie gets released 




 A long one 




 A misconception is actors can only do what they have done in the past. You can tell a great actor by diversity in his roles, so i do like Rockwell for this role as ive said but dont limit yourself thinking well this actor has never done this type of role so it means he cant.




I think Affleck seized the opportunity to work with one of the greatest directors in recent history. The first time i saw this movie it blew me away. But Fichers movies are so great b/c of their rewatch ability imo. I cant tell you how many times ive watched fight club, girl with dragon tattoo, etc




But affleck just doesnt hold up in multiple viewings after the script and its twist are revealed imo. With that said i think his directing will only improve a great deal from this point on. Makes me wish he was still doing Kings The Stand. 




 Thanks for the post, im glad you enjoyed it. Not sure how clear my intentions are, but i really like this concept and will probaly do a couple more drafts. 




 Robbins is probaly too old, rockwell is a thought. That guy from who played the villian in guardians of the galaxy, lee pace i think he would be a better choice than affleck. I still think leo would have nailed this, and rooney was made to play that part. 




 I appreciate your help. 



The second sentence is saying your dark(madness) side is linked to your light(sane) side no matter if you try to deny or confirm. A denial would be frail and weak and to confirm is bold and strong.




Good call on a few sentences there. Although i do like the idea "i have taken the trip some say i have never returned" so that madness plays a part in sentence formation and structure. Although this was not my intention it is a fruitful thought   




 Wouldn't underestimate him 




 I'm not a big fan of affleck especially in that movie, I do think his directing is damn good though. Great movie and pikes was good I have to say but I think Leo and Rooney would be a must see version. 




 Gone girl.  Leo dicaprio and Rooney Mara  




 Can you elaborate on cleaning up, I'd love some critical input  




 That's great to have someone to really delve into your story to where they offer insight into the little details. It did have a sort of "gameish" feel to it. I also found it quite cool I didn't realize the titles' relationship to the story till the end, and it hit me like a cold shower. 




I just offered a short story myself would like to know what you think.  




 This is hilarious. You are probably very close to the truth. 




 Where do you get trailers from? 



Edit, When it comes to movies, sites or critics almost never have the same taste as you, and when they do about a specific movie it's simply by chance. I don't rely on some site telling me what's good, what's bad, they are all inconsistent to my liking. I never use them, I watch a movie and make up my own mind before being infiltrated with ideas of others.  




 Write it down, dont type but write it down. The most important parts, however you want to summarize it. Use a sheet for every chapter and then you can go back and read what you wrote.




I dont know specifics but something about writing things down or even highlighting passages helps your brain to remember. 




 Great story, in some weird way it was like the movies Cast Away meets Ghost. I dont say that to undermine your extremely well written story just a thought that  popped in my head as i was getting to the end.




I was in a trance from start to finish, thanks for sharing. 




 Not me, some of my favorite movies do not have good scores to such a low degree in some cases i would never have attempted to watch. Once i found this out i lost any trust in those sites  




 That was very good. Your imagery is powerful and a steady flow to your story. I love the direction of a dark trip to an eerie forest, quite great imo. Thanks for your reply, only question did you truly return??




My only critque is the 2nd me, the 3rd me, i think keep that sense of dark mystery in naming the guides. 




 Red lights 




 That guide can lead you to not watch movies that have bad ratings you might have enjoyed imo 




 The music you know you can find its what happens off stage where the mystery is 




 We become the plague that unleashes the Plague.


I really enjoyed this, the flow you write with is impressive. It kind of grabs you and never lets go to the end. One of the better stories ive read so far. In a very distant way reminded of the stand by king. Thanks for sharing 




 I found it quite interesting. An atheist trying to find supernatural meaning ending in tragedy. Even with its unfavorable outcome and unreasonable evidence he never released that supernatural feeling. Like a non believer who knows you cannot prove something doesnt exist, but knows there is a possibility, he chose to indulge in the small chance of the supernatural that he cant bring himself to apply to the grand scheme of things, but instead applys it to his intimate side and emerse his love in the supernatural. Maybe not the authors intention but it provoked my reaction none the less. 




 I enjoyed this alot, well written. 




 To defend your madness is to defend your sanity. They are infinitely linked, eternally combined, a part of all of us no matter the frailty of the denial or the strength of the conformation. We are all trapped in our heads, there is no escape, there is nothing more. Our minds are a small galaxy and each of us add to the multiverse of the human existence. With your bloodline being your universe. We are all on the deepest levels at an extreme distance from each other but on a cosmic scale ever so close. We can if we really try and reach out, attempt to connect, like a highly advanced telescope spying on the surrounding cosmos, and dig into the endless wonders of the neighboring universe. And if you know how and what to look for the data can be immense and overwhelming. But never the less an illusion to a true connection.






We are all moving away from each other at a staggering pace, starting from the time we began. We hide parts of ourselves that can never be found, and with enough time not even by the hider themselves. Our secrets overlap secrets that overlap secrets that's overlapping a distant face of the Truth. The part of ourselves that are hidden are locked in a safe that's filled with other smaller safes. It is reopened from time to time and a smaller safe with a different combination is neatly tucked in next to all the rest. The individual combinations are lost over time and consequently only so many safes can ever be opened.






Even when you think you have successfully connected with a distant galaxy it is only an illusion to the true contents. You only receive ripples from an ever filling lock box. The real makeup of any soul is only fragments of the Truth. You can trace back their steps, study their orbits, even predict future reactions, and gather all the evidence available. But alas in the end you are only left with theories and no observable science to test, no universal key to their lock box. The mysteries that are trapped there are most not even obtainable to the author(hider) themselves, lost to the dark side. 






Living inside this false illusion is where the light shines brightest, you can only expose your forgotten past, hidden truths, and the origin of your true nature by exploring the Dark Side of your Mind, the side of your mind that's orbit never touches the light. A trip there and you will never return the same, if you return at all. The Madness, the Darkness, it will forever be intertwined in your being, grabbing ahold, tightening its grip and never letting go.







But there in that darkness will be the long lost combinations of your past, and the keys to your future. The trip is worth the burden, outweighs the risk of never leaving the comfort, the light. To make this trip is to make the most of your galaxy and better understand the multiverse that surrounds us all. My trip has been satisfying and enlightening, although some say I have never returned. But I find solace in something the great Alexander Dumas wrote, " There is neither happiness nor misery in the world, there is only the comparison of one state to another, nothing more. He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness." 




       

So Travel to the Dark Side of your Mind and contend with your Madness.  




 Well written., i would be interested in reading more of micheal and irene.



Might add a little depth to throw  in Irene's love of medicine or something to that effect, in the beginning. 




 Dear g,


Stop wasting your time and energy with me. Live your life with no more thought of the divine. Plunge into the depths of reality treading new paths where ever you go. Spark inspiration in others and freely receive these charges. Fear none but respect all. Enjoy this gift as this will be your only one. Make sure in your final moments , as the movie of your past and present plays out you are not filled with Regret but overcome with a feeling of having Reinvented the Gods. Only then will we meet, and i know you've got an entertaining film, so i got my popcorn ready, so 2 say.



GOD



Ps. Dont know how you got my email but wont fare you well to give it out. Dont reply, Im watching movies  




 To contend with Madness is to defend your sanity. We are all trapped in our heads, there is no escape, there is nothing more. Our minds are a small galaxy and each of us add to the multiverse of the human existence. Your bloodline is your universe. We are all distant but on some cosmic scale ever so close. We can if we really try reach out, sort of like a highly advanced telescope spying on the surrounding cosmos, and dig in to the endless wonders of a neighboring universe. And if you know how and what to look for the data can be immense and overwhelming.



We are all moving away from each other at a staggering pace, starting from the time we began. We hide parts of ourselves that can never be found, and with enough time not even by the hider themselves. Our secrets overlap secrets that overlap secrets overlapping a distant face of the truth. The parts of our soul that are hidden are locked in a sort of safe that's  filled with other smaller safes. It is reopened from time to time and another safe with a different combination is neatly tucked in next to all the rest. The individual combinations have been lost with time and only so many safes can ever be opened.



Even when you think you have successfully communicated with a distant galaxy it is only a illusion to the true contents. You only receive ripples from an ever filling lock box. The real makeup of any soul is only fragments of the Truth. You can trace backs their steps, study their orbits, even predict future reactions, and gather all the evidence available. But alas in the end you are only left with theories and no observable science to test, no universal key to their lock box. The mysteries that are trapped there are some no longer even known to the hider themselves, lost to the dark side.



Living inside this false illusion is where the light shines brightest, you can only expose your forgotten past, hidden truths, and the origin of your true nature by exploring the Dark side of your mind, the side of your mind that's orbit never touches the light. A trip there and you will never return the same, if you return at all. The madness, the Darkness, it will forever be intertwined in your being, grabbing ahold, tightening its grip, and never letting go. 




But there in that darkness will be the long lost combinations of your past, and future. It will not be easily spotted and it will not be easily obtained. The trip is worth the burden, outweighs the risk of never leaving the comfort, the light. To make this trip is to make the most of your galaxy and better understand the multiverse that surrounds us all. As Alexander Dumas wrote "there is neither happiness nor misery in the world, there is only the comparison of one state to another, nothing more. He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness."



         so Travel to the Dark Side of your Mind, and Contend With Madness.  




 What?!? I thought house of 1000 corpses was better but devils reject was damn good IMO  




 Any favorites? 




 Yea that was a good debate but it wasnt really a debate on the existence of god, it was evolution vs creationism.

 




 You like the film b/c you havent read the book. The movie with guy pearce literraly could change just the characters names and it could be called something else. 




 Good fellas 




 The devils rejects is the sequel to house of a 1000 corpses.




Anything rob zombie directed will be what you are looking for. 




 I think everyone has seen this 




 This has nothing to do with the topic, thats what i was referring to.  




 Any thats debateable 




 Never heard of dillhunty ill check him out. I agree with the great debates are very entertaining,i like the discussion videos too  but i like more of a back and forth though.



Harris and Wolpe, wolpe makes some solid points if you havent seen it. Nothing to doubt your views but he had an impressive case imo. Thanks for the reply 




 Ive watched alot of dawkins harris and hitchens. If there are any other great atheist debaters would love some recomendations. With that said what has been your favorite debate?




My fav: harris vs wlc, although hitchens vs hitchens is like a 1b 




 The tub offers more protection. I believe the middle of the house is the safest place. Not 100% though 




 Im not christian was curious to dicuss with those who are. We really arent "discussing" anything you are just throwing insults around. I dont understand how discussing ones beliefs show fear and predjudice, but again they are both quite obvious in your comments.  




 Acapolypse now. I dont think this war movie will ever be topped. 




 Yea I looked it up, you are right about the draft picks. So just my example was wrong but restricted fas do come with conditions.  




 Nba cannot use draft picks on restricted Fas? 




 I was not displeased just drawing a comparison to the way you make comments and comments you critize. 




 How do you see discussing others belief as fearful or predjudice of their beliefs? Can you see how your comments convey exactly that of fear and predjudice? 




 Its funny you make comments like these and critize mine 




 Im looking for personal viewpoints, so any who answer the questions fron their experience is satisfying. Ive made up my mind to my truths im curious how others arrived at theirs 




 Well said, thanks for touching on all topics 




 Lol, your childish insults are quite comical. 




 How do the gay people in your church justify worshipping a book that says they are going to hell? 




 Thats kind of sad. If i understand you dont think you have a choice to decide is quite a depressing thought. If you are going to spend your life worshipping you should have a choice and weigh your options. 




 Can you attempt the 4 questions asked? 




 Why have you choosen the "right" religion for you and can you attempt to answer the 4 questions? 




 Well said thanks for touching on all the questions i asked 




 Thats the same avenue i found, to me the only rational avenue to take. But im curious how others came to their path answering the same question 




 Im looking for how you answer the questions posed. 




 The rationlization you prefer to is what im after, i understand how it works. How do you personally rationalize it? Can you answer the 4 questions? 




 Yea dont have that option 




 Cant highlight or copy n patse 




 Well said thanks for the reply 




 Can you answer on the 4 questions in the description?  




 Cant copy and paste so that would be more trouble than its worth. But thanks for the link i see how its done now 




 It still doesnt give me an option unless you are manually typing the quote in 



Thanks for answering those 4 questions, no need for specific disagreements to be mentioned just wanted to know what you already provided 




 im not being critical and you can choose to see it that way. Im either addressing the fact they didnt answer the questions, only answered one, or askin them to elaborate on answers.



I dont see that as aggressive but i see at as inquirying further those who are interested enough to reply. If you dont like it thats ok i dont feel alot of posters see it that way 



EDIT: i also believe some people read just the title and skip the description, so some just might not know im looking for more than the title 




 Yea i dont have that option 




 Thats not really adressing the questions though, forget the title, the 4 questions in the description and your personal take on them 




 Read the description, no need to rewrite them 




 Np 




 Can you touch on the specific questions? 




 I dont see how that answered any of my questions 




 How do you quote, cant figure it out? Ill adress them in order




Most historical claims in the bible come under much scrutinty even by christians




Do you think if you were brought up in a different enviroment you would have found a different religion?




So you have looked to see what other religions offered or not?




There are some controversal things in the christian faith, do you agree with all of them? 




 Well said, thanks for touching on all questions. 
























 He admitted that, Wait!!! he didnt just run away??? WTF, thank your lucky stars you wisened up. Thats some creepy shit



"Hey wtf are you doing"



"Im smelling your garbage for cum!!!"




You fucked up my head, forever. 




 Blast music, walk around naked and let hang 




 My fav. Other bands with multiple 10/10 records is pink floyd, sabbath, iron maiden, lynyrd shynyrd, and the beatles.




These are not my top bands either, its hard to put a perfect record. I love the allman bros, dream theater, silvertide, deep purple, Srv, hendrix but these bands didnt have multiple 10/10 records imo, most just one or none. Floyd i think has three so they gotta be right under zeppelin in this catergory. 




 Coda i dont count, its mostly early seventies stuff anyway, put out after bonhams death it was more a complilation of b sides than new material. I love all their albums except in though the out door. Its ok but dont even sound like zeppelin imo. But 3 and presence are 9/10 for me, the rest 8/10, and in though the out door 6/10. 




 Im not saying more than half make that amount. Im simply stating that 99% is not an average as you suggested. I was offering jobs that can be readily identified as having tattoos be a non issue. The topic at hand has nothing to do with averages.




You are just bitter cause your sister is a slut machine. 




 An average does not mean 99% lol




Your insults are childish and your stats do not reflect your statements. Its quite clear you are talking out of your ass look at our corresponding comment votes 




 10 out of 10 no doubt. I love every album they have done with in though the out door being a like more than love. But those four are better than most albums.




Others id rate 10/10




Dark side of the moon




Tokoyo Tapes




Number of the Beast




Black Sabbath




Master of Reality




Core 




 Completely wrong. The album was popular because the music was great had nothing to do with Bon scotts death. If the album sucked it wouldnt be a best seller of all time, you kind of made my points for me.




The music was written before scott died. They record the music then do vocals as every album acdc has ever done. Bon died shortly after the music was recorded.



Bon scott and brian johnson have completely different sounding voices.




Ac/dc was on the rise in the late 70s, highway to hell was their most sucessful album up to that point. Back in black was a product of their rising fan base and would have been a sucess regardless of scotts death. 




 You cant even keep the topic at hand, its 5 figures genuis.




Your stats are made up and quite wrong. Your views are extremely biased and ancient to say the least.




Common pratice to put an edit in when you make one btw 




 Led zeppelin 2




Untitled




Houses of the holy(best album ever imo)




Physical Grafitti 




 I agree with everything you said, except that getting a tatto is irresponsible. 




 How do you know what he was smelling for? 




 Led Zeppelin 




 Its simply not the truth, sure there are people who still have a similar 50's mindset like you but they are few and far between, and you are wrong as ive explained.



Dealing with the public is not the same as dealing with clients. A dinner can be had where you wear long sleves. But that has nothing to do with the topic.



Take athletes, musicians, actors. chefs, techs, etc 




 Focus on your breathing nothing else. In and out, in and out, do this until the background noise in your head stops, eventually it will.




EDIT: Take long deep breaths 




 Ac/dc fame had nothing to do with bon scotts death. The others ill agree with.
 




 Your reasoning is from 1950. Tattos are much more accepted today and as long as you dont have a rare job of being in the public eye its a non issue. 




 Crown and seven 




 /r/shortstories I find it damn interesting and wish more people gave imput. 




 My friend does, he is an enviromental engineer. Covered in tattoos, both arms and back. A masters' degree will turn your tattoos invisible. 




 Undercover Brother 




 See thats the thing she dont leave, bitch we dating you dont live here. 




 Sam harris, Richard dawkins, and the ghost of Hitch. 




 Who ever owns the car, regardless of driving. 




 Superfly 




 Shes still there long after i nut. 




 /r/changemyviews. Its simply retarded, the first person who post who doesnt "change your view" can complain to the mods and get your post removed. Has happened a couple of times to me and i didnt get any notice of them removing it. When i messaged about why, the mod who contacted me said he wasnt sure for the removal reason b/c he didnt remove it lol. When this process started again i simply unsubscribed and havent been back. Frustrating to say the least. 




 How do you justify luck in front of brady? 




 Most retarded list ive ever seen. 




 In a way you could say that. But hawking works specifically on trying to find the TOE, even his discoveries on singularites, black holes etc is direct progress into getting to a possible TOE, but if you dont see any connection to each his own. 




 We understand his discoveries, its his discoveries that have lead to a better understanding of the universe mathmatically, understanding the universe mathmatically is how you get to a TOE.




Was hawking the first to write down a more complicated black hole? 




 Clarify but it seemed like you took the route of defensively clarfiying your points, just an observation. 




 Just because you have a theory thats incomplete doesnt mean you cant make progress towards one, kind of nonsensical to think that way. His discoveries have no doubt lead us closer to a possible TOE, we have to understand things he discovered in order to get there.




Ill have to look up the black hole thing, unless you know who was first off hand?




Ill take your word on radiation. He also has come out saying something along the lines of matter disapears in a black hole, which isw hy we cant unify einsteins theories, something controversial along those lines.  




 You come off as defensive when i put before and after my statement "im not sure", "not 100%", "i thought" , and then treat them as black and white statements. 




 Black holes were known to exist but i thought he was the first to put it on paper.



I thought there were much contraversey surrounding his radiation theory.




He has made progress in getting to a universal theory, i didnt say one existed.




You come off as being defensive, im really just trying to pick your brain, no harm no foul. 




 Yea you cant have seperate sections here anymore. But as a smoker i respect that where food is served no smoking should be allowed any where.  




 Im not sure that is proven. I would think his biggest contribution is figuring out how to express a black hole mathmatically, but not 100%.




He has also made immense progress in the Theory of everything. The theory Einstein greatly desired to find. 




 Getting worst. Right now its banned anywhere food is served, and inside any public place. 




 Yep i do the same with my buds, evens out the shitty tobacoo.




The push and pull is not that bad but is time consuming. If i only smoke home rolled i would upgrade. 




 Yea here you can buy booze anytime and walk freely around with any beverage. Its not like that every where though, most states only sell booze up to a certain time and you cannot walk in public with an open alchol beverage. You have to stay in the bar or facility where drink was purchased.




Yea pretty much anywhere in the states you can have alchol in the car but its illegal to open any such drink in the car regardless of your blood toxicity level. Thats why a daquri shop is insane because the drink is open already. Would seem to a reasonable person these places are breaking the law the moment they had you the drink.




No if you get caught elsewhere in the states walking around with opened alchol its a crime but not driving crime. Only if you have open beverage in car, regardless of blood level. They can also take you to jail for refusing a breathlizer.




I dont know how Dui work in germany and ofcourse its frowned on everywhere but Louisiana is very tough on Dui. Its like a $500 fine, mandatory jail time, $500 in classes, possible suspended license. You are also required to get sr22 insurance for 2 years which basically triples your normal insurance. Your 2nd penalties increased vastly, and your license almost surely suspended. 3rd is considered a felony. 




 I love Anthony Hamilton, smoothest voice of all time. Im a metal head, and im not ashamed but if my door is open when im playing AH one of my friends is closingt he door.  




 Snickers ice cream bar. Them things are literally a slice of heaven. 




 Hell yeah. I dont have a crank but like a push n pull Top machine. I roll my own from time to time limits the amount i smoke of marlboros. And has helped financially to.




I just find my throat gets a little irritated when i smoke too many home rolled and the tabacco just dont tatse the same. 




 What!!?! cigs in a can and booze at fast food, thats very different than my norm. Pretty cool though




Ill throw a crazy fact your way, i live in Louisiana where drunk driving is a major issue and a monster financial burden if you get one. Open container is also a serious driving crime. But we have alcholic daquiri shops that are drive thru only. In some cases you will be refused service if you are not in a car!! lol 




 You can look it up. You have to make sure the brand is the same when comparing though. Pointless to compare reg pall malls to 100 marlboro.



Like i said its not much but its there. The amount i spend on cigs, roughly $120 a month, i want the most i can get. 




 Is that a can in your link?




Crazy little differences in the simple things in life. Reminds me of Pulp fiction when travolta talikng bout Mcd. "Its called a royal with cheese"  




 There is a difference, it might not be much but its there. 




 It should be respected or disagreed with in a respectful manner. Its our right to have our own opinion so it should be treated with respect. A decent disscusion is totally plausible on the disagreement at hand but they are civilsed ways to go about that.




There are ways to say you're wrong but be civil about it. Being respectful is the best way to change their mind imo 




 No the cigarette is longer as well. 




 Right and you still havent made a case for that. "pretty much" every would be more than half, generally speaking, i just dont see how that case was made. When the link you presented has few in one universe a few in another and the rest not even touched on.




I did my fact checking as well but on the vega brother movie im taking facts from a recorded conversation rather then quotes. 




 When i say electrified guitar i mean the things that electrify them as well.Yea, guitars were around, but not widely used the way jimi or rock music used them. Jimi and rock acts alike were very brutal on their guitars unlike the common jazz musician or pop artist who barely moved. The design for this was vastly improved on, of course the quality got better with time.




Major differences in their guitars. Jimi could not find a left handed guitar so he had to flip his and chizzle the nut. Srv uses a flip guitar b/c of his dedication to jimi and this design was vastly improved on. He also had a poor tremelo system that helped keep his guitar out of tune. SRV had a much better quality guitar choice and tremelo system.




Amp designs were vastly improved on. Technology has made great improvements in blues. The tube amps design is not much different but the tube itself has vastly improved. So have the speakers they use, which makes a major difference. Also the way the music is recorded makes a world of difference as well, this also much improved by SRV time.





Jimi was not just blues SRV was. Jimis direction was vastly new and different and technology and an early death hindered this. Srv was jimis biggest fan. So yes you short both of their talents by putting one on bass but lets be honest if a choice was made Srv would be happliy pluck the bass so jimi could play.



 




 Couldnt disagree more. When darting though traffic one should be aware of all their surroundings, should not be in a coma at all. It also helps to dart though safely when their is a warning someone is coming to an unfore seen stop, which literally takes the least amount of energy possible to do. 




 Christmas is like a box chocolate, never know what you're going to get. 




 Your own link contradicts your case, it clearly says 2 universes not the same 




 Np, where do you live that sells cigs in different quanties? Curious 




 Bryce dallas howard, something sneakily sexy about that redhead 




 Richard Pryor, not a big fan of his movies. But no matter how many times i watch or listen to his stand up im floored and laughing like a mad man. 




 Amen 




 Using your blinker while driving 




 Well im unaware cigs are sold in different quantites. Where im from you can only buy a pack of 20 cigs, there are no other options. You can buy a carton of 10, 20 cig packs etc. My point is not quanity anyway its size so it would cost the same here for 20 or 30 cigs regardless of size.




There are some stores that still sell individual cigs but they are hard to find and usually overpriced 




 Havent seen that one yet.




I also think the jinx hbo documentary will stand the test of time, that shit was crazy and wildly entertaining 




 Its not like that in louisiana. Certain brands are the same cost regardless of size. But if your saving money that is quite reasonable 




 Maybe, but tell me that didnt make you laugh? When i hear sterotypes my mind goes to the venomous MD 




 Fair enough, will edit. 




 Thats ridiculous in of itself 




 Good quality bread, makes all the difference. 




 She asked for it.... 




 Mountain dew shrinks your dick 




 Did you also know foxs' chracter is Django von Shaft?  It had been disscussed by QT to do another 2 django movies. The sequel following django and his kin. The third being a remake of Shaft a direct desendant of Django 




 Wolf of wall street




Django Unchained 




 Usually if a certain brand is unavailable, a smoker will switch to a cheaper brand.  




 They cost the same as shorter cigs, its ridiculous not to buy the better deal imo 




 Most people find longer cigs will cause them to smoke more. I find with the insane prices i buy 100's and put em out half way. Treat it like 2 cigs, 40 a pack. So if the store doesnt have my brand and size ill go to another store, if i dont have the option ill change to a brand that offers that size.




My girlfriend buys marlboro 72s, the short short ones, she believes she smokes less by buying these. Which could be true but the way i look at it buy the 100s and get the most for your money and exercise will power.  




 The shining 




 Roger Waters, just a major dick. Music is top knotch though 




 North Korea



EDIT LOL downvoting cause North korea is too friendly? 




 The movie The prestige and the machine. I have a very cut and dry explaination that those who listen unbiased can make more sense out of it then the widely held explaination. Most people cannot overcome their bias though 




 I wouldnt say small, its an obvious difference. Even letting douglas get up differed from tysons attempt to get up and how they were handled.




There has been no proven motive but one could easily think of 100 motives the ref could have had to do such an act.




A great fight but i could never consider this the greatest b/c of the obvious difference in count. Im not a huge fan of tyson either but the tape dont lie, and it is hugely suspicous. 




 A partial answer to why didnt evolution.... is as the human evolved so did our head size. Early human women struggled to birth these rapidly growing heads. It was either lethal to the women and/or new born. Surely other factors as disease, and other unforeseen factors played a part but so did this 




 That 10 count for douglas compared to tysons' 10 count was highly suspicous and i loathe that fight because of it 




 No not at all be critical of anyone you want just be knowledgable on who you ar critical of, and yea im not saying dont post here im just saying its counter productive to post on subjects you dont know about when OP purpose is to get info on that subject, ie not a good move.




I still hold that wikipedia is not a great place to get your only knowledge of a subject 




 Yea it wasnt lsd, it was something like it cant remember though. He bought barrels of the stuff though, same shit Edgar allen poe was on i believe. But dont hold me to that. Im not sure if he used lsd per say but was into other substances for sure.




Alot of people say approach his works with caution b/c they will change you. I think thats non sense and its just part of his legend. One guy here said one of his works changed him for the better so maybe it is true. It changes you for the good or bad.




There was a great documentary on youtube about him. 




 Not a good move to post about subjects you know nothing about except a quick wikipedia search. If you dont know a better move to not post on an askreddit thread 




 I was already on the fence but when i watched Sam harris for the first time i was shocked these arguments could be made intelligently sound. I pretty much had lost faith but was holding on due to social pressure. Harris help confirm my struggles were not crazy. Mostly the debate of harris and Wlc. Most people say Wlc won or was more convincing but i honestly dont see how you come to that conclusion reasonably.



Dawkins and the infamous Hitchens have some strong debates. Watch hitch debate the Catholic Church, where they take votes before and after the debate on the topic. The results are quite powerful 




 Not a great move to base your knowledge off of wikipedia 




 So did i, according to actual footage of QT talking, not some quote, this was never a possibility. 




 At the time the church was much less challenged and those that did so were socially crushed. His bad image has seemingly lasted, and i agree its a bit silly. He wrote some great books, even when possesed, very talented writer. Great works on practical magic that delves into black magic and summons, his life work really.




I cant remember specifics but almost certainly cocaine and lsd trippy kind of substances.




Also, i think comments have been deleted he didnt form the church of satan. Its founding almost certainly used some of his works but he didnt consider himself a satanist at all. And the church was founded after his death. From what i understand in his pursuit of magic, he discovered it was plausible to summon Satan. And if the pain stakingly detail oriented summon was performed properly, Satan would come forth and annoit the with god-like powers. So his pursuit of this consumed him, he wanted the powers as opposed to being a rebel of the Church. 




 Hendrix played at a time when electrified guitars were brand new. SRV had a big advantage in quality of guitars, amps, and even material to learn from. All of these things played a factor in being cleaner, etc.




SRV is mostly a famous Hendrix fanactic, he had some hit songs, but no where near the influential ground breaking material hendrix released. SRV would have handed hendrix the guitar, of much better quality than he was used too, with a floyd rose,keep it in tune, gladly picked up a bass and sat there to get schooled first hand, and loved every second of it.



EDIT, SRV was a bit faster but imo he played the same licks constantly so of course he mastered them. Hendrix was way ahead in chords and phrasing, also just another level creativity. With that said i love SRV, simply great but in this case SRV wouldnt bite the hand who feed him, imo. 




 What does that have to do with Crowely founding the church?  In that same website C.O.S., the article "was aleister crowely a satanist", it clearly says he was not and the C.O.S. was founded after his death, same site. 




 Producing as much as possible was a epic task as we evolved. Early human women struggled in birth because of a rapidly growing human head, with no aid. Still not an easy task today. This to answer on population question.




Yes like "dumfuker" said women are just as "horny", its just socially frowned on for women to be as bold as men on the subject. 




 Church of satan was founded after his death 




 Crowely was a satanist of sorts, a rebel if you will and participated in black magic. He endlessly tried to summon the devil. One of his books was claimed by crowely to have been wriiten by a demon he summoned that possesed him, The book of law. He was also assumed to have done sacrifices, crazy orgies, and did massive amounts of drugs requiring his cult to do the same.



He is wrapped up in things people tend to look down on, so they shun him. I find his writing and stories fasinating.



Little known fact, Jimmy page was an avid fan. Led zeppelin even recorded their most famous album in crowelys former mansion. It has been rumored the many tragedies that struck the band after their sessions were from being cursed by Crowelys lingering previously summoned evils there. Including a few serious accidents and two deaths 




 Yea i think its unlikely given the fact he was wrongfully imprisoned and help find the killer but possible. 




 This is a great thought. 




 If anybody gonna play bass would have been srv.... 




 Bonham on drums



Phil leynot on bass/vocals




Allen collins on guitar




Lonesome dave on guitar/vocals




 




 Watch the pulp fiction 15year cast and crew renuion. Hear what Qt actually says about that movie, not relying solely on a quote. 




 Yea ive seen leo and quentin confirm this.   




Another fact like that, Jonah hill really gets knocked out in the Wolf of wall street. After 30 something takes of faking it, Scorcese insisted they do a real take. 




 Thats some major strecthing with the kill bill movies, where is the connection between dusk? The fact about the bear jew was cool though. It still leaves a few of his movies untouched. 




Even by this article, there would be more than one universe, it clearly says two universes. Its quite a strecth to get there btw, but how you get the "same"  universe for all his movies is beyond me. 




 15th anniversary cast and crew of pulp fiction, video on youtube.



Interviewer "was there gonna be a vega brothers movie?"


Tarantino "They both die in the movie so...."



Cast member " would have been a prequel."




Tarantino shrugs it off continuing on to next question.




There might have been a little talk like hey wouldnt it have been cool to do....., but according to what i gather this was not a serious scenario. It doesnt sound like it was by your comments either. There were rumors but not because QT was actually working on it.  




 I was setting up the premise samjam 




 Ive watched everyone of his movies i dont see that at all. His first two movies were very similar because he had exact same crew. Both had extremely small budgets. 




EDIT, lol how this gets downvoted?? Some of his movies have similar character names but most are clearly not in the same universe 




 Not true 




 Yea i heard this somewhere, i find little known facts like this fascinating. 




 The interview i just watched pretty much implied Tarantino never had any plans to do this. I would totally have watched that movie though. 
























 I love stuffed artichoke. But they are seasonal and rarely done right.





Muffalatta is another but a heavy task to eat so  i stay away for the most part 




 Wtf? 




 The movie "The prestige" and the 2 different theories surrounding the machine in it 




 I mean come on use your imagination, but here is a few





1.Disliked tyson




2.Money on the fight




3.Money on the round it would end in, not specifically the fighters




4.a much more memorable fight with tyson losing, having him in the spotlight




5.he was tired, ready to go home




6.Money on tyson getting knocked out, which was probaly like a 1000 to 1




7.Paid off by douglass





On and on. Im not saying it was melicous but its a possibility. He might of just made an error. But to say tyson got the same count and time to get up is easily debunked by the tape, its an obvious difference. Half a second can be a world of difference to a boxer in that situation, and its a more than half a second difference. Again im not a big tyson fan, but a big boxing fan and there is concern about the difference in counts that ruin the fight for me.





If you like the big upset aspect of a fight as you said in your first post, look into Rumble in the Jungle, Ali wasnt even supose to Survive the fight, thats literally what they said. There was major concern for his well being. The KO is the greatest moment in boxing history imo 




 The prestige, the machine Doesnt Work. It makes more sense in the context of the film, but i concede there are holes in both theories 




 Moby dick by Led Zeppelin. Best drum rolls ever 




 Doggie style, nothing crazy here. Great view of the ass and ample opportunity for tity grabbing 




 Deer sausage is incredible. Poboys, breakfast, w/e. Deer is a much "cleaner" tatsing meat 




 Pussy 




 Over seasoned ill give you, but overcooked is a massive misstep.  




 Im fucking dead what does this BS have to do with anything. Lets get to the afterlife plz 




 Thats deep, but flawed at the same time.  




 Fair enough 




 Dallas off playbook in madden




And im a saints fan but dallas always gets the best off playbook imo 




 Elements 




 Sure. But if you are sleeping with both can create a tough situation to be loved back 




 Does it matter?



 And stupid question from OP music is opinion based nobody can tell you whats a good genre you have to decide for yourself 




 Freedom, from django. When the background voices start that "Ommmmm". Gives me chills just thinking bout it 




 You wouldnt have to go, you could refuse and suffer the consequences.




Would i go? Depends solely why we are at war. 




 That dont sound horrible, but on a cookie....idk maybe not for me.





Theres something called Fish sauce or something to that effect. Made from rotting fish heads, and other things. Commonly used by vietnamese to produce soups and some instances for dipping sauce. Great cooking tool, but terrible for dipping imo 




 Again fair points i have to say. Id like to look more into dual serial killing as well.




Just a fun fact, they made a bank out of that "murder castle". Employees had been in the basement and had strange stomach turning feelings. Even saw evidence of the "hot box" and other stuff, pretty wild. It operated well into the 1900's. Eventually being tore down and the basement filled in. 




 My research finds the rumor implausible but it is a possibility. And i believe one of his relatives swears he was and had documentation or something 




 Fair enough 




 Yes. A burger is still awesome whether the cow speaks english 




 Wtf is vegemite? 




 Peanut butter and bananas. Usually thin chopped banana on toast with lightly spread PB, off the chain!!! 




 People will always find a way to cheat. Take their ability to cheat away they are the bum you always knew they were 




 You can be exploited before you "win" is my point 




 Giving up the pussy has nothing to do with exploiting the power of the pussy. Most guys "pussy whipped"  have never had that pussy but they are whipped by the implication of getting some, ie pussy power 




 Fair points. Although i will point out they were a team, not technically a serial killer, i bring that up not to be snotty but alot of dual person crimes n killing are brought on by encouragement of the other. In some cases the crimes would not have been comitted w/o such. Edited post a bit regardless




Yea erick larsons' book was amazing. I went in reading wanting to know about holmes specifically but caught myself dazzeled with the inner workings of the fair. Also some decent documentaries on youtube about holmes 




 Christopher Hitchens debate against his brother. On youtube hitchens vs hitchens




He speaks with a ferver and determination and his words rang very true to me 




 Small talk 




 /r/changemyview






Their rules are nonsensical. The first person who posts in your thread who doesnt "change your view" can complain to the mods and have your thread removed. 




 One of the most honest interview you will ever see from a convicted killer.




Is he considered a serial killer though, he only killed for money? 




 His story was embellished but a little harsh to hate someone who spent most of his adult life serving your country. 




 Thats creepy as fuck yo, maybe not wrong morally but definitly creepy 




 He is rumored to have been h h holmes who was caught and convicted, but of other murders 




 Wanting random pics of such would qualify as creepy... 




 Any. Everything is better fried 




 This, no doubt. But Wow what a creepy name...... 




 I agree but much better without a bra 




 Bernie maddoff 




 Fan circulation distributes the heat. If you have got a pan in a conventional oven the heat is only coming from below the pan and it takes longer to reach the top and middle.




A fan oven distributes the heat more evenly to the top middle and bottom, cooking the food quicker. 




 H H Holmes, guy built his own slaughter hotel less than 2 miles from the first american Worlds Fair. The amount he killed will never be known, but he killed alot. Even profited off their remains, and has been rumored to be Jack the ripper




First known lone American serial killer, always something more disturbing about the first in your turf  




 Knowledge is power 




 When the loop closes the original ceases to exist? Your first comment to me lead me to believe you favored this now im not so sure now 




 Every song is great, how can you not mention The ocean, the song remains the same, or threst really. They have some popular songs but its never on any top 100 list and always overshadowed by Zeppelin 2 and untitled.




To me its the best ever, at least top 20 taking in different genres, but if it aint in the top 20 underrated imo.






If you are looking for more obscure, Silvertides' "Show and tell". Great unknown album, sounds like the Black crowes meets Ac/Dc. Aint coming home is an unknown anthem 




 Damn, sounded like it came from the heart and yet i cant stop laughing 




 Temper 




 Houses of the Holy(album) Led Zeppelin 




 I could see that, barely but on the other hand what constitutes good hobbies? Wouldnt this be an easy question to lie about, with no way to check on? Would you disqualify someone for not having hobbies but is qualified for the job? Imo relatibilty is overrated in an interview. Its arkward and nervewrecking to begin with and someone who is relatable during this process has no direct correlation to their relatabilty to co workers. 




 What are your hobbies? WTF does it matter what i do in my spare time, ridiculous 




 Why would you need wikipedia knowledge to explain this? 




 Lol i dont even know what that means, "fucker her"?? 




 Yea ill think ill read it myself 




 Many. Cooking, music, dancing, fighting the british, fighting both World wars etc. and major contributions to all named. What you seem to fail to realize is not every southerner supported or participated in slavery. And you rounding us all together is offensive, bias and a damn shame to those southerners who did.




Do you define your "inheritance" or "tradition" by profiting off the slaughter of Native Americans? Are you so nieve to believe northerners all supported the war or made no profit off of slavery? Do you attack christians for their dark days?
 




 Wikipedia is about as reliable as your dope head uncle. He can be depended on sometimes but other times he is talking jibberish. 




 What?? Why wouldnt they read it themselves instead of waiting to get though? 




 I defined it three different ways already. Rebel flag, tradition, and inheritance. This is your post and question which i cant answer if you cant define your own question. 




 Many people, of all races gender and size, exploit whatever they can, alot of people just want a free ride. Gold diggers exploit the power of the pussy 




 Not all oscar nominated movies are disney like. Do some research before hand. 




 Sound about right, probaly searching for an applicable post atm 




 It seems he doesnt even know what southern heritage is, or at the very least clearly define it.





He seems like the type of person to bitch about the confederate flag but ignore the nazi symbols or christian symbol in the country and ignore all the horror and slavery associated with them. Also type of person to get uppity only when a racial crime is covered by the media and ignore the countless others that happen every day. May be wrong but this post leads me to believe not. 




 I dont know if id even watch it. The first 4 seasons were amazing but after that i was just hanging around for the most depressing end ever 




 If you are defining southern heritage as the rebel flag, ill agree with most of what you said. But i also respect those to have a different opinion and their right to wave a flag, any flag. Should they change the flag, no, its historical. Should it be hung from government buildings, that is a tricky question, and imo no. But do i care if my neighbor has one on his car, house, shirts, no and frankly neither should you. Not every northerner was against slavery either. For that matter there are just as much racist northerners as they are in the south, now and back then.




If your defining heritage as tradition, or inheritance, again not every southerner supported or participated in slavery. Do you define your family traditions by every wrong they have ever done? Is it possible in your mind to uphold your family traditions even if you disagree with their actions? Do you define your northern heritage as having a major hand in the wrongful slaughter of the Native americans?





Also on another note. Slavery was only combated partially on the notion of human rights, and the slaves lively hood. And partially because the south and its exports, cotton,etc, could charge whatever they wanted. The north had no leverage, they couldnt boycott forever. The south wasnt effected by such because they didnt pay their workers. So eventually the north would have to agree to much higher price than deserved. The civil war was fought partially for human rights and partially for economic of goods, including a few other reasons.




Your post implies that all southern heritage is from slave owners and the northern heritage has no such implications, this is ludicrous. I would assume most reasonable people in the country dont feel that way. Every person who lived in the north were not against slavery nor do they have clean hands when it comes to racism and equal rights, same can be said of the south.  




 Not everyone in the south has slavery in their past. Not everyone in the south at the time of slavery supported it. So, no, kind of a stupid and bias question in of itself. 




 How would that stop the virus?? They built a whole walled in city that didnt help but a shotgun would? Unlimited ammo? 




 Ever seen Ali vs Foreman? 




 Not someone like Ali, they have had people train to fight for real for their whole life couldnt beat Ali in his prime, what makes you think someone who just fake fights could? 




 Why would you want to know this on a serious basis? 




 Rounders. Worm is one of my fav characters of all time 




 Crazy to think 2000 is "old" music 




 Creationism 




 1.Shower




2.Work




3.Get high or drunk. Mostly both




4.Sleep





5.Repeat 




 Ali no doubt. Ali didt fake fight for a living.... 




 Tip drill 




 Of course it does 




 The dexter finale, sad for me it ended in the worst way, knowing i spent all those hours watching episodes just to be let down 




 Explain it in a realitive easy to understand way 




 Be the natsiest Sob in there, dont wipe your ass,etc 




 When i get the intial feeling i got to piss, dont know why 




 28 days later 




 Few more questions for you, btw thaks for the repiies.




1.How does the protein on the egg thing age 5 or 6 years if the box can only go back as far as it has been initialy set? 




2.Is it possible aaron tells Grady(father) about the machine after the original party incident where something presumbaly happens to his daughter?  take the emergency coversation abe and aaron have into play




3.Is there a logical explaination for why Granger is sitting outside aarons house and why he ran away after following them? 




 1.Ok so every box usage creates a parallel timeline. So we are being talked to from aaron 2 from the 3rd timeline? Because timeline 2 doesnt have a 3rd aaron, and once the timelines pass the loop the original cease to exist so thats why there is 2 left at the end? With this logic there would have to have been 3 abes but he doesnt use the machine with aaron the 3rd time he goes alone to switch with aaron2, so why are we left with the same number of abes and aarons when they didnt use the machine the same amout of times?




2.Ill buy that




3.REDDIT




4.Ill buy that, and i originally assumed that. But what do they do with the body(i realize this is speculation), or they keep the body till it passes the loop and it ceases to exist? Wouldnt keeping the body at aarons have aaron1 directly crossing paths with 2 n 3(which aaron does cross paths but abe doesnt know that and trys to prevent such an act so why would abe willing do this?)? 




5.So they are voluntarily up in the attic? Was this explained why they went in the attic instead of say a hotel? 




 Their awake? 




 1.So you are saying the only aaron left at the end is the one building the bigger machine? What about the 2 abes, the one watching for aaron and the original?



2.How would aaron 2, narrator, know about the last timeline, or the countless times he went back to change the partys outcome?




3.Ill buy that, just seemed like there was more to it.




4.It seemed like how Granger found out and used the machine was a complete mystery to aaron and abe, did they figure it out? They never actually use the failsafes together and i thought abe at that point was unaware that aaron knew about the fail safes.





5.Ill buy that, but why can the girl hear rat like sounds in the attic?
 




 Never seen EH, but i have seen this graph. It contradicts some other explainations ive seen but its damn detailed.



It doesnt answer my questions unfortunately. What happens after the timeline does abe 12345 cease to exist like wiki says or some other possibility? And if they do how is the end possible?


It doesnt touch on my 2nd and 3rd questions. For that matter not even the 4th or 5th but i realize the last two questions are most likely unanswerable to 100% certainity. 




I feel like im missing something here, thats obvious im just not grasping. 




 SPOILERS




According to wiki, once the original version passes the loop he ceases to exist and the traveller continues. How does the end make sense in this logic?




Assuming wiki is wrong, Aaron travels back to change the party 20 times or more, shouldnt there be 20 or more versions?




Abe tells aaron in the airport dont force me to use the power i have, what is he referring to?




What do they do with comatose Grady? 




How do they keep the versions of themselves locked in the attic, why can the wife or SO hear rat like noises?





Will say Great movie, watched it earlier today 1st time and have been spending time trying to piece it together. Through reddit and google. Any help with these questions would be appreciated




EDIT: LOL messed up the title...bad, didnt notice till now. 




 You keep throwing around insults, falsifying stats, and the whole time completely missing the point of the thread. Its not a thread about tattoos effect on you getting a job, which you keep bringing up. Its comical to epic proportions your bias against tattoos and your judgement of those who have them. Made quite clear by you trolling this thread that has nothing to do with the bias points you are failing to make, NOTHING. Make your own thread to hate on, or stay on the topic at hand, but either way im appalled by your bias and amused at your ignorance on the subject. Hope you dont act like this in public.... 




 Yea i thought it might have been from the song "for your life". That other quote is great from "no quarter" my favorite zeppelin song. 




 Yea you would have to know a song, simply putting can in doesnt bring them up



Its jamming 




 You are not focusing properly imo then 




 I dont even see them on youtube 




 Damn this is for your life? 




 Hell yeah thats great, from "Thank you" 




 My fav is "Squeeze my lemon till the juice runs down my leg" The lemon song 




 I like that, achilles last stand?



EDIT: battle of evermore 




 I like a wide range mostly genres of rock. I love allman bros, zeppelin, sabbath, iron maiden, govt mule, Stp, dream theater, etc 









 I will, im familar with the other bands you name so if its anything similar im sure ill dig it 




 Does it stand for something? 




 Yea i can respect that. I feel like that with paranoid by sabbath. I think most of that comes with both those albums are so over played 




 What is can? 




 Agreed except id go Wish you were here, Animals, Dark side. Meddle being a 9/10. Animals is so underrated, so damn good. 




 Edge of tomorrow. Ive tried 4-5 times, its so boring. 
























 Ummmm the ten commandments are not easy to understand??




Gods will is, please explain? 




 Blasphemy. 




 My big gripe is it is not true to one of the greastest books of all time, very untrue to the books plot making it a terrible movie 




 Gods word has to do with the gays, as its in writing in the book that claims to be gods' word. Gods will would be unanswered prayers. You are cleary missing the.....point. 




 You dont or didnt understand the ten commandments? 




 Do you understand the diary aspect of the movie? 




 The millions of religions claim to know the word of god, thats what a specific religion is. I dont claim god is easy to understand, religous people do.




Are the ten commandments not considered the word of god? 




 Is the flair not to specify your discussion? Thats what it says when you are picking one making the post, and also so one could easily spot or filter though the threads to find which religion specifically being debated, see the side bar. Thats what the flair for your post is there for lol




The word of Gods' should have a personal meaning not the flair. The flair should indicate the specific god. 




 What im asking is pretty common place amoung christians. You always hear, well thats the will of god and we do not understand gods will 




 What was the reasoning behind unanswered prayers or loved ones premature deaths? 




 Use a personal definition 




 Did you, when your prayers went unanswered apply the will of god that couldnt be understood, or a premature family members death etc? 




 Millions of intrepertations claim to know the word of gods meaning and what it intends you to do 




 I dont understand comments like those, its got a personal meaning or it doesnt, the "word of god". You answer how you understand it. Same type of poster who never gives an answer and hangs on technicalities. 




 Its got the christian flair..... 









 There is a big difference in the fleur de lis and confederate flag. But if your just saying the situation is similar i can see that 




 Semi Pro, movie is hilarious 




 The count of Monte Cristo. 




 The jinx 




 People are raising questions and are in the early stages that appear an attempt to ban will be made at some point, and some already are.





They have other historians claiming the exact opposite.  




 Weed, ever looked at the back of a dollar bill? Ever looked at the back of a dollar bill......on WEED MAN? 




 Smart water 




 Ohh... I already adressed that non sense, i thought you were saying FDL is a symbol of white power. 









 That kind of reasoning is nonsensical. The Fleur de lis doesnt represent white power.  




 I respect yours as well, but im trying to understand it. What you are saying doesnt make alot sense to me. 




 Coming from an eagles fan is weird. 




 For one hes got more playmakers on def. What are you basing "talent" on? Lucks' team stacked with weapons last year. Plus he got beat so bad look like he shouldnt even been there.  




 Exactly. Jacksonville lucky to have a coach show up at this point. 




 Colts are loaded doesnt mean Luck is better, yet. Brady just torched one of the best def in history in the SB, after destroying the colts. I cant stand brady but i dont see how going into 2015 luck being better is justified. Maybe after 2015 is under way but going into....idk bout that.




To be fair, you rip Ryan for his playoff record, Lucks' aint anything special either. 




 Bum 




 Isaac newton, combine his knowledge with the technological advances today, possibilities would be endless 




 Learn to read tablature. Very easy compared to reading sheet music. Get you into playing the type of music and songs you want to play




And Practice. But spend 70% of your time praticing scales, runs, chords, etc that do not come easy. Spend most of your time on things that dont come easily you will see vast improvements quicker and the rest of the time on song you have mastered, scales, etc




This is how i started, self taught. Once you master reading basic tabs, get a book called speed kills. Helped vastly with picking, finger strength, dexterity, etc 




 Ummm ok..... 




 Its pointless in the fact it, residuals, have no effect on why they would continue making movies after sucessfull ones. Your first reply was a technicality in this reference frame.





Your second was to confirm opinion on most actors receiving residuals which was to my comment most actors do not. Taking into effect all the extras small roles, etc in tv film and independent, it is more reasonable to assume that most do not. This also irrelavant imo.




Again if residuals is a small sum, it would have no effect on the topic at hand. I feel instead of trying to catch me on a technicality, which has no real bearing on the topic, just make your own post that goes directly to OP, so imo unproductive as we are literally back to where we started, but to each his own.




Furthermore my example, were you aware beforehand if the Godfather was a union shoot? 




 A residual is not a major sum.





The point to the OP is just because your movie makes a billion dollars doesnt mean you become a billionare, ie you make a few good movies doesnt mean you stop working. You are hanging on a technicality, a weak one, and its unproductive to the topic at hand. 




 Not possible to keep a potential billion dollar buisness a secret 




 What? Your statement is a little contradictory, no? 




 Ewww.....  




 Moving away from family- easy, friends-tough 




 Yep. Add light salt and pepper.




Dont overseason, or put any season salt on the steak. You ruin the flavor of the steak if you do 




 I was told not to drink and drive. A couple days in jail and 5grand later i learned....... 




 None




All 




 Yes this is suppose to happen by 2025. It could be a new team or jacksonville might be sent.



There are alot of games with losing teams that dont get close to selling out. Its been proven shitty teams in london sell out a bigger stadium regardless but it seems logical this will fade over time 




 Didnt this already happen, slavery no longer exist. 




 Work hard, Play hard, Fuck hard and if you can be of help to anyone, race gender size, then you must. 




 Big dick pills. If they worked 100% of guys would be on big dick pills 




 Hey joe Jimi hendrix. Its about an envy raged murder 




 Nichole brown and Ron goldman. Ohh wait......





Seriously, jon benet ramsey is insane. The body found in her own house, the murder weapon, highly suspious ransom note, etc How this could not be solved is beyond me 




 Right about the same time i realized my mother is crazy. How could he marry this crazy individual, hes fucking crazy too 




 So you are saying this behavior developed overtime as well? If so ill buy that 




 Lol, agreed. But kind of petty to dislike someone i dont interact with on that basis, right? Maybe not 




 Idk bout cats being protective. Dogs are pack animals and view you as their pack. Consquently security got to step up when theres a baby on the way 




 Band of gyspys. My only knock on hendrix is his voice occasionly. Well this band Buddy miles splits vocals with him its amazing.




Check out the song "who knows" 




 I crashed at a band members house, one room house. A girl who was staying at his house he wanted to fuck(not dating) came on to me and we started fooling around, so he got pissed and separated us, lol bizarre right. Had her sleep in his bed, him on the bedroom floor and me on the couch.




That morning he went to work, i then went into the bedroom to see if she was still "down". She was, we started fooling around, then i realized it was about to take the next step. Feeling weird about being in his bed, i brought her to the kitchen and fucked her there. 




 Zanex 




 Same reaon i hate rats. Pests the can potentially infect you with disease or make you sick at the very least 




 Im like Jackie Moon, i never throw up but i also have never been hit in the jujuno(lol this cant be right spelling) 




 Grilled burgers served with potato salad 




 Tom Brady. He just seems like a dick 




 Darelle Revis, speaking team contracts only 




 
I wouldnt recommend stealing but times can get rough....n i mean rough




1.Being careful cautious and knowledgeable on how a theif would be caught in the specific store and particlar situation




2.Dont open a business 




 Point still stands 




 Isnt a haiku 3 lines? 




 That wouldnt make any sense. Adding one team compared to 30? 




 The Hurricane, a total unjust 




 There are exceptions but the majority dont.  




 I wish more people thought like this. 




 Blasphemy 




 Reservoir dogs. Will leave you speechless.





Dont know if this would be shown in a film class but could teach or show a few things about movies to you




1.How to make a legendary film on a low budget




2.Power of the script




3.You dont have to spell everything out to the auidence. Its about a bank robbery you never actually see




4.The importance of casting actors that relate together as opposed to most talented




5.Power of the script 




 Guitar, its my lifeblood 




 Dress like you are going for an interview. It makes a difference. 




 Actors are usually paid a flat sum for the movie, they dont get royalties. So al pacino say made 10 grand for the Godfather, thats it. He dont make money after the movie is released.





Bad movies usually will overpay big names to get people to watch the movie. Sometimes sucessful actors try to expand their horizon and try new genres they are unfamilar with and pick a shiity movie in their ignorance. Actors could sign on to a movie with a great script and the director bombs. In jack and jill maybe it was a favor to sandler 




 Thats why i dont complain about franchise and dont understand when they do. The last few years have been so much better after years of no progress 




 Find the island is covered in weed plants and beautiful horny women, and right as i enter the field with my new big breasted best friend..... alarm clock goes off 




 Ali preparing for Foreman. His sparing sessions were literally Ali taking a beaten(purposely).  




 Well id have to disagree they are runningt he world, maybe the internet, but i get your point.




At least you agree the fluer de lis being a symbol of racism is non sense. A much bigger issue than just saint fans 




 SJWs? 




 Fair enough. I could give a couple reasons for you but mostly system is flawed.





1 Ever get fired as a head coach and take a new offer else where? When you do your upcoming free agents are all unhappy(w/e it is they say when a player rejects your contract and cant be offered another one). So to say the computer rarely offers big money to these players, and replaces them with new ones, there are exceptions dealing with age and pos. Also notice some of the biggest FAs can be picked up on one year deals after the draft, first FAs group after




2.When you start moving picks around, teams are more likely to use those picks to fill needs as opposed to FA, and also teams take this into account with expiring contracts




3.All contracts in madden are front loaded. Meaning the later years of the contract is when you pay the most money so the first 3-4 years can be a breeze cap wise before a clean house process is forced and does happen 




 Lol sounds about right. In its basic premise pretty fascinating though




Every read the simalirillion, or any tolkien(ties into string theory)? Well anyway tolkiens middle earth universe is created by music, ie vibrations. Very similar to string theory and this book was written like 70 years ago 




 Your question would lead any reasonable person to assume otherwise....... 




 Familar with string theory? 




 Yea we all do. But the exploits are a ton less than they use to be is my point. You use to be able to switch a 99ovr qbs' position to a 65ovr db during the signing process, and sign the qb for nothing then switch him back, etc 




Im not concerned about your team, im answering your question about the cap 




 
He was obssesed with colors at one point. He was using a prism to experiment with light. White light goes in, rainbow colored lights come out. He made the assumption that the prism acted as a separator of white light. So effectively saying white light was a combination of all colors.



It gets more techincal but thats about what i know 




 Fast break or snickers ice cream bar if that applies 




 Im just saying there is reasons why you have those players and are reasonably capped.





The trade/contract system is flawed but nowhere near as bad as before. 5 years ago it was so much worse 




 Why the social network? I feel like this is one of those multiple choice questions, "Which one doesnt fit?" 




 Primer is a mind bender to say the least




My fav is The prestige 




 Einsteins theory of general relativity is amazing. One of the best discoveries of the human mind, period.





Newtons white light theory is pretty mind boggling 




 You clear up space in those trades. Plus the amount of picks especially 1st rounders have a direct effect on your cap 




 That will only work if hes in the last year of his contract 




 Did you do a fantasy draft? 




 SJB wont be worth a shit, at least early on. Keenan lewis + BB, with vaccarro in the slot, thats some nastiness. User SBJ at SS 




 In court right before judge layed out his sentence. Nothing major, but it was unclear if i would get jail time to the very end, long ass minute. 




 Creationism 




 Kind of a pointless thread then, right? I know who is on the team lol 




 Thats not instrumental 




 Yes, both. La villa strangiato is great too





Check out Rodrigo y gabriella  doing a cover of stairway to heaven on youtube. One of the best instrumentals and could be a better version than the original, seriously 




 I think that the reason Chris is such an exceptional debater is because he was around someone 24/7 that could dish it back for most of his early life. He implies that during the debate.




Check it out tell me what you think.




When they get to the topic of the existance of God chris starts with, "Well i dont need 10 minutes to disprove God!". Classic. Whatever side you are on, gotta crack a smile, classic Hitch. 




 I think this is relavent to the thread. I find it interesting and may have never known about this. I find the implication ludicrous and quite stupid but interesting that an attempt is being made.




What are OPs thoughts? 




 Is this based on upcoming stats for madden or assumptions?




Should be able to play high pressure def and press our dbs, gotta be a 1st for saints in madden.  




 I agree with C hitchens for most of this debate, including his iraq war stance. But its not really a massacre, Peter hitchens is a bright dude, just as brillant as Chris imo but is literally polar opposite of chris, and i favor chris so i like him more. One of the best, maybe The best debate, ive ever seen, and i watch a ton of debates. 




 Female human 




 Drug addiction to certain drugs is deadly. Take heroin, a long time users' body will create a dependency so strong it can kill you if you stop cold turkey, unlike chocolate. In severe cases methadone is prescribed to a herion addict to ween them off the drug slowly and safely, never heard of that with chocalate fienes.




Yes in most cases its psycological OP, but certain drugs can cause a dependency in your body so severe your body can go into shock and shutdown. 
























 If your into chicks, you will be crushing on Tomei for sure. 




 Call it "Lazarus". Focus on one families journey though the war. Older brother fights and serves in the uprising. Younger brother works the wormhole and becomes a pilot in the lazarus missions. A divide is struck in the family over whats a more pressing issue resembling the divide in the world.


 




 The Prestige. The ultimate revenge film 




 You have probaly heard of the actress but not the movie





My cousin vinny. Marisa Tomei 




 Remove the comforter. They have been test done to prove while the linen gets washed, rarely do the comforters. They can have as much as 30 different semens on them 




 Im glad you liked it. I was also thinking this for the oxygen situation but wasnt sure if i should add it. This is based on some documentary i watched that said there are things such as bacteria and viruses far out in space that we might not be aware of. Stating it is plausible an asteroid could carry such in its nooks and crannys.






Before the war, a decent size asteroid containing the blight hits earth. Not one nearly as massive as the one that killed the dinos but big enough to discombobulate the atmosphere. It lands somewhere on land, causing massive dust storms and causing detstruction to the atmosphere and oxygen. Then my theory would come a few years down the line after the blight is discovered. They also mention asteroids in the "Science of Interstellar" a documentary made during the filming, about being a possible reason for humans having to leave earth before the sun cuts out.

 




 Good point, im gonna edit this in 




 The prestige, and the theory behind the machine. Most are so convinced it works they fail to give the theory a fair shot. The movie is complicated enough but when you add the theory people tend to shut down. They view the theory with prejudged bias on what they have already made their mind up on. Alot of the issues that are brought up against the theory itself are not even related to the machine but with the movie regardless. For ex, people dont catch Caine is showing the Judge the box in the beginning. When he calls tesla a wizard this is during the Trial, and he is under the assumption Angier is dead and the trick is real. This is true regardless of the machine working.




After watching this movie close to 30 times, and knowing the movie better than anyone ever should im convinced this is the best kept secret in film. 




 The shining is filmed in a way you feel you are literally standing behind the characters. Every shot. Almost like you are another ghost of the hotel followingt he torrance family.



Not exactly what you asked but similar 




 Spoiler Alert. I think there is a fair amount of evidence to suggest there was a war before the events of the movie take place. It would seem the war was fought over resources that are becoming scarce due to the blight. Although the reason for the war and the starting point are not clear. Ill give my theory as to what i believed happen in this scenario although this is in no way Concrete, and I will end with the evidence in the movie which is.





At some point the blight takes form and starts to slowly do its inevitable damage. Starts to take out crops, lessen the air supply, and the ensuing data is not pretty. The worlds' powers try to respectfully communicate and try to work together for a solution. Intially, trying to save the world and its enviroment, and employing all resources to this solution.




At some point this happy family breaks down. Resistance inside the powers' meetings is small almost futile at first, eventually leading to all out war. Pandamonium is set loose and the common human is now worried about food and life. The war breaks out between the whole world, with the major powers splitting into teams. The fight is over resources and what policy(s) should be followed to protect such. Drones in the Usa are sent to protect and monitor the major crops. Around this time is when the wormhole is spotted, as said in the movie the wormhole was known about for 50 years at the time the movie takes place. Took about 40 years upon discovery to send the Lazarus missions.





As surviving the war became priority number 1, research to earths solution takes a back seat. Resources are not only affected by the blight but the lack of focus on them. Everything within reason is turned into to producing results for the war. Some point during the war the wormhole is discovered, but soon after Usa asks Nasa to drop a massive bomb from space(supported in the movie). Nasa refuses and gets shut down. Except for a small facility working on the wormhole.





Eventually the war and the vastly disappearing resources have wiped out enough people the only option left is for the majority to start producing food, ie farmers. There are not enough people to fight, and the blights' problem over time has become clearer. Food and crops need to be the main focus its our key to immediate survival. Focusing on the Usa, the vast population become farmers. Schools main focus are to lure the brightest minds in this field to have a higher production rate, and find a successful combatant food source to the blight. All the while Nasa knowing the Earth will have to be abandoned. While the vast majority of the public is not fed this idea.





10 years before the movie, the Lazarus mission takes place after 40 or so years of understaffed secretive research has been performed. At this point Dr Brand is fine tuning his Plan A. Eventually realizing this couldnt work but not wanting to deter people keeps Plan A as a possibility but focuses on Plan B. Once receiving data back a few years after the Lazarus missions have been sent, the training for Interstellar begins. Then before the team sets off for their new mission an unexpected visitor shows up with a small child.





A few things that support the idea of a war, but not nessecarily like i proposed it. I was just offering a theory to how. These hints do lye within the movie itself.





1)The drone in the early stages of the movie is treated like common place. They are excited to see it but not perplexed or scared by its presence. One could assume a vast amount of drones were deployed to protect the crops. And with a war that ended due to insanely high casualties and lack of resources the drones were not all properly taken down or accounted for.





2)The school trys to recruit Matthews' son as a farmer. Also the changing of the schools history book about the moon landing. This would suggest some major fall out with Russia and/or More likely part of a smear campain against Nasa, who refused to drop bombs.




3)Matthew takes his kids to a baseball game, offers the comment when i was younger we were too worried about fighting to play baseball.





4)Dr Brand while first visting with Matthew, confesses Nasa's refusal to drop a massive bomb which led to its being shutdown.





5)Matthew makes a comment aboard the space ship, its a crazy thought to think this ship could have been bullets.





6)Matthew refers to TARS in their first meeting as an ex marine robot. Also saying there is no need for robots like him anymore






7)Matthews' character is revered for his flying ability, much like that of a decorated war veteran. He even confirms he has never been out of the stratosphere but is highly regarded as a phonomenal pilot. He also handles himself well under Damons' attack. Also very much like a trained fighter he keeps his composure in intense moments and is willing to leave his family to do greater good.






Will add as i go and am open to suggestions. Lmk what you guys think





EDIT. Wow most sucessful post ive ever had, thanks for all the comments. Edited in 6 and 7 from suggestions made below 




 Then you should be able to see how being naked adds to the vuneralbilty of the character and intensity of the scene




But i now assume your comment was more comically driven 




 If you cant get over naked bodies thats quite childish, imo 




 If you can get over the nakedness, that scene is crazy. If you could put youself in viggos place at that moment its frightening. Every thing that could lend itself against you, does. Mutiple opponents, naked, no solid footing, no clear vision, no clear path to fight in, and all you have is a knife, man thats intense. 




 Lol. Scene is still badass, and it adds to the intensity, every element that would serve against you in a knife fight has been served to Viggo 




 I have seen the tool cover video before but I hadn't seen it in a long time. Impressive for seasoned musicians, impressive on another level considering their age  




 Https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJFfnTkyj-g 



Should be able to find the other video, there are sitting right next to each other on a darkened stage, sipping wine. If you can't find that video Lmk. I'm on my xbox can't copy and paste so I have to do it manually but will if you can't find the rodrigo y Gabriella video 




 Eastern promises. A knife fight between trained killers on a wet surface and nothing on. One of the coolest most intense fights ever imo 




 Also check out Rodrigo y Gabriella doing a cover of stairway to heaven. Great epic piece of music, vastly different than the original. Just two acoustics. The chick who plays flamingo style also keeps percussion on the side of her guitar. It's quite amazing, and better than the original IMO.





Also if you play music at all or sing there are great backing tracks for your specific instrument where you can jam along and become inspired from. 




 Idk how to link but check out youtube video named " worlds first wireless midi for acoustic guitar -acpad"



Dude plays an acoustic adding percussion and effects to his song simultaneously from a pad placed over the guitar!!! It's amazing and very inspirational. Only complaint is it is too short, but it leaves a lot of room for imagination. 




Lmk if you watch either and what you think 




 I believe he has always been a student of mma or at least before he got to the UFC. He has a great personality and is a damn good announcer, that's reason enough right there.




Just for a little info on rogan, he is also an amazing stand up comedian. 




 What's manga?  




 Well said. I can appreciate your points on the movie 




 Yea I'm starting to think it's the plot more than anything. I love sci if, especially time travel, love action, and comedy is good but not my fav.  




 Yea, I can see your points here 




 It may be, but I think it's worth a try to find out.  




 Lol. I'm just trying to clarify to those who think I'm trying to change opinion or am making a big deal, I'm not I'm just trying to figure out what the draw of the movie is, that's all.




I don't see clarification as being defensive. Some people get the wrong idea on the purpose of a post, I was just trying to set my intentions straight.  




 Not you the other guy. The type of poster who trolls post for technicalities and rarely adds anything to the topic at hand  




 Not all movies just the boring ones. The only reason I went back to it that many times was because a lot of people really like it.  




 I didn't realize I was making a big deal of it 




 Sure. Can you not like a movie and want to find out why others do?  




 I'm not looking for a change just wondering why other people like it. 




 Wasn't back to back, I either fell asleep or lost interest. 




 Mohamed has the same significance in Islamic faith as Jesus does in the bible. That's all I'm saying  




 I don't get it. I've watched it about 5 times but only could finish it once. I like tom cruise but I just can't seem to get into this movie. What am I missing?  




 Reservoir dogs. The opening scene where they discuss Madonna and the art of tipping. Classic  




 Spoiler. Braveheart. When William Wallace realizes he's been betrayed by the kings son(I think his dad is the king) and his eyes fill with pain and tears and he cannot get up. He has to be pulled on to a horse and brought away from the ascending danger. To me that scene is very powerful and an extremely well acted scene by Mel Gibson.  




 You are an idiot. 









 They do believe in Jesus and Moses but they are not of the same importance as they are in the bible. Mohamed is basically there Jesus. 




The Islamic faith has had over 100,000 prophets maybe more, Jesus and Moses were just one of the many. Allah sent prophets to each people throughout history. Allah sent Mohamed as a proheptic messenger for all mankind not just a specific people. 



Your original premise might be right, I'm really not sure about that. I just wanted to clarify a bit. 




 I would bring up the 1000s of gods that have been forgotten over time. The 1000s of gods available to worship today. At some point everyone is atheist about 99.9% of the gods available. Why would your assesment be right? Atheist take just the extra step with the .1%. 




I also believe the geographical issue, where you are born will have an overwhelming effect on what religion you are brought into. This I feel is also a very strong point 




 I'm surprised the patriots are not in this category.  




 Of course he considers root, but when you add the machine and the mysterious tanks he cannot figure out what's going on. All Angier needs to do is confuse Borden enough to get him backstage, and Borden has no Scarlett to lead him to root this time. 




You have to see the similarity in Angier refusing to accept Scarlett telling him Borden is using a double. She produces some of his disguises and tells him she has seen the double. Angier refuses to believe this. Yes it's Borden doesn't use a double but a twin but it's the same principle, Angier refused to admit there were two he was convinced Borden was pulling off the trick somehow solo.  




 You are an idiot 




 Im sorry but you are mistaken. Borden and Angier are seen with Tesla together. They both go to Teslas showing of the Ac current months before Angier visits. We know Tesla exist and Borden confirms at the end that he sends Angier on a wild goose chase. Only the scenes narrarated by Angier to Borden are fabricated, there are both attempts to blind Borden. Borden gives Angier the diary and for all purposes sends him to tesla. He tells Angier tesla is the key to my diary but not the key to my trick, which leads Angier to tesla. 




Remember Angier gives Borden the diary. Borden gives Angier his diary. Both are tools of deceit. Even if the machine works, Borden doesnt know the tesla can build a machine like that. By sending him to tesla in his mind, he is sending him to a useless bloke. By bordens' own admission he sends Angier there on a wild goose chase. Bordens' diary is also useless, Tesla is the key but it doesnt contain anything useful. Angier gives Borden the diary to have him go to the grave thinking he sent him to the one man that lead to his demise. This also sets up Lord Caldlow a chance to show Borden he has his daughter and tear up his prestige . The diary also proves the man at the jail truly wants Borden secrets to allow the set up of Lord Caldlow appearace, this is narrated in an early scene. It was written for Borden and fabricated.




Two things, you believe Angier gives Borden a diary that could prove his innocence days before his execution? Then show up at the jail? Are we as the audience to believe Borden sends Angier to the one man that can produce a similar result to a twin? 




When Caine calls Tesla a wizard, remember he leaves Angier before the Tesla trip, he is showing the Judge how the trick works. This is during the trial of Borden. Caine is still under the impression the "magic" was real and Angier is dead. Its only after these events he finds Lord Caldlow and the Judge leads him there. Only then does Caine figure out Angiers' game, so he is being truthful at this point.I disagree with your nolan narration assesment but Caine for sure would fit there.



There are not alot of scenes im implying are fabricated. The timeline in the movie is quite hard to follow and i believe the heart of some of your misstatements. Caine also narrates over the hat shots twice "Are you watching closely. But you wont see. You want to be fooled. You want it to be real."




 




 That was a bonus for me 




 I feel I clearly touched on opinion in the thread itself. I can understand if this was a new thread, but my opinion is made quite clear in the discussion. 




 You are an idiot. Lol  




 1)No, he is there to identify the body. Why do you assume Caine thinks foul play. He is never let backstage during the new transported man. There is a scene when he gets scolded for trying to pry backstage. He is also fed the tesla story that Borden is, he believes Angier has found real magic. He believes Angier is being transported. He knows Angier didn't come out at the other end, caught Borden red handed and has a body, why would he be suspicious.



This point is there regardless of the machine working or not. Angier and Borden are caines friends, he mentors both. Caine taking in effect of Borden's daughter would never have participated in the trial, had he known what was going on.




2)This is true whether the machine works or not. Once Caine visits lord callow and finds Borden's daughter, he alerts Fallon because of angiers betrayal. 




3)again Angier had the money to pay root whatever to keep him happy knowing there was a limited show and he would be dealt with very soon. Again angiers motive is not to have a great magic show here, he only wants revenge on Borden. So hiring root if the magic was the motivation wouldn't make a lot of sense but he is only trying to frame Borden now.




Also I believe Scarlett Johnson is the one who leads Borden to root, Borden didn't find riot unassisted. 




4)well leaving roots body is what is risky. Caine had just been to his house and figured out his game. Requiring body's in the time frame the movie takes place is quite easy, medical reasons etc. considering caldlows immense wealth this is very plausible. 




Angier knows he has to rid of the tanks and warehouse. He buys root to tie up loose ends. How do you move a body across town? Well in the tanks you have purchased from angiers estate. So that's why he's in a tank. 




 The smell of a freshly cut lawn  




 1)Caine quickly looked at a decomposing body. He had no reason to expect foul play at that point. Not to mention he is quite old and looked down for a couple seconds at that. He believed Angier to be dead, no reason to go out of his way to really suspect the body wasn't there. He saw him drown and knew he didn't come out for the prestige that night. He is also Borden's friend and never would have participated in the trial had he known Borden was not guilty. Also the reason Caine leads Borden to Angier to get his revenge. 




2)it might have been another double but yes I believe it was root. Roots problem was money, that's what caused his downfall. Angier did not want to pay him a large salary forever as he was a small part of the act. But knowing he was going to kill him in a limited show it can be assumed this was fixed. Not to mention the months he spent with "tesla" and the time it took to build up the theater, quite reasonable to assume the issues were fixed.



Furthermore he only needed him to come out at the top of the balcony, for the whole show he just needed that. He wasn't depended on that much. He had a small role and would be dealt with in a small amount if time. It's also quite genius as everyone knew he used a double years before, but wouldn't suspect it at the trial given the way it ended. 





3)I have already adressed why he had to store the tanks. And we only see one clear body on purpose. This was root, who was recently placed in the tank which explains the very clear air bubble in this tank.



Angier has acquired root and plans to burn the whole place down ridding of any evidence. Angier rigs the place to burn not Borden. He simply intervenes kills Angier then finishes the job.  




 The rock. When cage has to use the needle on himself, edge of the seat every time. 




 Seven. Especially when I realized the seven sins was completed, I was blown way. Something I did not catch the first time though  




 Lol maybe...... 




 Lol. Common sense would be knowing asking a question is not the same thing as avoiding a question asked, was not referring to questionolgy. But you would have to have common sense in properly understanding a statement  




 That would seem like common sense 




 Asking questions and avoiding answering them are not the same 




 You like to avoid questions, don't you? 




 Why is the moon smiling?  




 Fuck society  




 300 rise of an empire 




Edit. Really, why all the hate on 300? I thought this was a badass movie  




 Lol. You clearly don't know the difference between an argument and a debate. Have fun with your boring ass under subscribed subbreddit and stop messaging me unless you want to address your contradictions  




 Django unchained. Sure a slave could rise up but rise up with the help of a German dentist turned bounty hunter, only in a movie  




 Gravity, a good movie bad writing




Rounders a bad movie good writing  




 The prestige and the theory behind the machine  




 They have been pointed out already, again. Lol  




 Makes sense. Although it's crazy to think about now as it's clear Bree's has surpassed flutie at a staggering pace  




 Exactly, contradictions have been pointed out and lye in your statements , it's quite clear to a reasonable person but as you have conceded on one occasion already you most likely will not again but your statements are there contradicting themselves whether you have the courage to adress them or not 




 Glad to see you agree it's a boring thread 




 Have you been deleting the messages too.....? 




 I have named several  




 But you clearly as a mod have nothing to do in this boring thread lol. Point made  




 The more you type the more you contradict lol 




 My commenting has nothing to do with this subbreddit, as we are not talking about anything other than your cleAr unaddressed contradictions. Seriously how old are you?




Furthermore clear evidence you have nothing else to do in this boring ass subbreddit lol 




 That's what I figured, and that would imply they would have the upper hand. It most likely not have good implications for us  




 1)it would be a family member who is outside of the household and separate from the accusers



2)like I said a reasonable claim would have to be made. Any one to claim abuse like the spouse, child themselves, teacher, etc or anyone who comes into contact with the child will be taken seriously. But like a person claiming telepathic powers,etc might not. I'm sure once called an investigation takes place. 




 You have said college and again contradict the side bar lol  




 I read it before but it's not very clear to what falls under its suitable topics. But seeing the low amount of subscribers and the biggest dick of a mod I've ever come across it's pretty clear this sub is very unclear boring and a subreddit to be ignored  




 True. Good point, I'm assuming this topic is referring to a recent contact which would basically mean they come here, for now.  




 I can rip badass "mamajammers" on the guitar 




 A scenario much like columbus landing on North america would take place except we would be the indians 




 1)the kid either goes to live with a suitable family member or a temp foster family




2)Sure. But there has to be proof or some reasonable assumption. I cant call child abuse for having a dream it was gonna happen, or to someone living 2 states away i dont know or ever contacted, wtc




3)Yes you can be fined vast sums of money and get jailtime 




 All right avoid the issues  




 I figured that you arent making alot of sense or addressing my points specifically 




 The side bar also state philosophical debates are highly recommended btw 




 The website the only helpful thing you have said. Is it highschool or college? 




 Like i said i tried to rephrase it. No reason to be a dick, i made another attempt to be undert he rules not to undermine you






Ohhhhhhhh no a ban!!!!!!!!!!! 




 Yes the hat scenes are fabricated from angiers diary and the clones scene is narrated and fabricated just like the diary scenes. Its essentially what the whole movie is about. Lying to the audience.




There are not transporting anything, the gun doesnt shoot real bullets, the birds do not disappear and come back, etc. The whole movie is about lying to the audience to mask the real trick.





Take the opening with the hat scene, micheal caine narrarates "Are you watching closely? But you wont see. You want to be fooled. You want it to be real" 




 I tried to pose the debate a little differently.




How are you distinguishing from me trying to start a debate and you impling im starting an argument? 




 Read that thread i told you about. Ill elaborate more with you there. It will explain the tanks and how the trick was done. 









 Im debating morals starting point, not nessicarliy religion. But since that is the common assumption i start there.




Why is this topic not suitable? 









 I've just posted a detailed explanation in /r/fantheories. You can find it by clicking my name, clck submitted at the top center, and should be the first one there. Let me know what you think 




 Will start with this, the machine not working is not suppose to be obvious. It is like the magic tricks in the movie, the trick is not easy to spot, it's difficulty leads you to believe its real. The trick is there to fool the audiences into believing the trick is real. The machine not working is the ultimate trick. The film alludes to there being no real magic many times, it's dedication and sacrifice that makes a true magic trick. What shows more dedication and sacrifice then dedicating the movie to actually masking this trick properly and sacrificing the real story of the movie by masking it inside a trick.



The prestige is a great movie. Some of the previous submitted theories miss a few points and a couple just posed questions. I'm going to submit the details behind how the trick was done with a double. There are before and after aspects of the theory but I will leave that to the discussion below, because this thread will be too long. And those aspects can easily be explained below with back and forth dialogue.





Will start the theory with the diaries, specifically angiers diary. Angier gives Borden who is sent to death, and will die in a short amount of time a fabricated diary. As is stated in the last sentence of the diary, which Borden reads aloud as he gets to the end. The tesla visits are fabricated, the whole point of the diary is to prove to Borden Angiers help sent to the prison has indeed bought angiers estate and wants to buy his secret. This set ups angiers visit to Borden as lord callow to torture him one last time by tearing up his prestige and to show he has his daughter. This also gives clear motive for Angier in his dying speech to lie as a dying man as he has lied already been proven to lie to a dying man. 




So Borden does have a twin, tesla is real, angiers visits are fabricated from the diary and his ending speech being as such. Upon Angier capturing Fallon and receiving the key to Borden's diary(tesla) is where I will start. Angier visits Tesla finding out there is no answer to Borden's secret( Angiers original motive), and tesla has no "magic". So he begins to come up with away to frame Borden, not just kill him, but ruin his reputation and acquire custody of his daughter. He uses the fact Borden has sent him to tesla, to begin his frame up. He uses a useless tesla machine to add flair to an old trick, and spark interest in Borden. Angier also needs "real magic" to obtain a theater, no simple trick will do, as Borden hs already ruined his reputation. He uses a double to pull off his trick, with the illusion of being transported. He doesn't drown his double every night just the night of the murder. To ensure Borden will be confused he uses the element of mysterious tanks being transported from the theater every night, otherwise Borden will easily see he is using a double but with the mysterious tanks he sparks enough interest from Borden to want to see backstage, as this is vital for the frame up to work.







Angier is the pledge and turn and root(or other double if you prefer) is the prestige, ie on the balcony. Angiers motive at this point is no longer magic or the applause it's simply to frame borden. Borden makes multiple appearances at the show wearing a disguise. Angier needs to spot and identify this disguise in order to carry on with the frame up, which is why he doesn't do the frame up the first night he enters the theater, and eventually Angier does discover Borden. Knowing his routine and the fact he will come again because he hasn't been picked to view the machine or backstage, he sets the frame up. Seeing Borden enter the theater he tells his assistant to pick Borden out of the crowd that night, also telling root he will be the pledge and turn for the transported man ( not the other tricks) on this night. As Borden is being picked from the crowd, Angier and root switch, the frame up plays out Angier flees the theater. 




At the end Angier continues his lie because Borden has two elements to critize angreir on. Theses two elements are the most important to Borden and this is what makes him the better magician. Crowd applause and sacrifice. In angiers trick he has none of these elements. So as he is dying he must convince Borden he has these two elements. He lies about killing the clones(sacrifice) and he lies about taking the applause, trying to convince Borden before he dies he is the better magician. This is the jist will elaborate further on the end scene and the like upon the discussion beginning. 




 Again, leave stuff out but dont write a new story and ending. You can stay true to the key themes and not diveate as much as was done. If you cant figure how to condense the story properly dont call it monte cristo, hence why it was a bad movie that deserves a remake.



You say there are many stories to be told in the book. Exactly my point there is too much material in this book to add your own plot. How does having too much material justify adding your own material?




Take the sword fight i like btw. Edmund doesnt kill him like that he forces him to commit suicide. But being on a time budget this change makes sense. Its not the same but the Result is. I can like and understand changes need to be made liie this but not ones where the result is not the same or ones made to retell the plot




Alot of the changes i mentioned take time away to add fabricated parts instead of using this time to focus on a proper portrayal of the plot. 




The movie is decent if it were not called monte cristo. But it is it and does a retelling hatchet job to the story. Its a classic for a reason. Hence this is a poor telling of the classic and needs a proper remake. I think david fincher would be great fort his





BTW, i think the main theme is Dantes learning at the end his revenge was wrong. He should not have acted as providence, the actual count of the mountain of christ(monte cristo). God will judge them and he shouldnt have. Given forgiveness and religious themes the biggest in the story imo, just another tragedy of this terrible intrepertation 




 I cant tell if thats genuine or sarcastic 




 The movie changes the pplot doesnt just leave stuff out. And the movie does not have favorable reveiws. 




 I disagree. All the changes being made they could have changed the characters names and it could have been called a different movie. The only change that was reasonable was the sword fight.



Way more changes btw, edmund never meets napoleon, he doesnt kill the warden, no beach fight, the whole second half of the movie was fabricated.




When i watch a movie about a classic i expect some things to be left out but not a new story 




 That is a double, root which he sets up. There are no clones. He uses and trains his double for the new transported man while he spends months with "tesla". To explain would take more detail but view the scenes get back to me





Also notice micheal caine narrating the start of the movie over the shot of the hats, he says something like "Are you watching closely? But you wont see. You want to be fooled. You want it to be real." 




 There is a bunch. Starts really at the beginning when Borden receives the diary. Like the first 10 mins. Also once you realize this, you uncover Angiers motives whitch will come into play later 




 The scenes you speak of are told through Angiers diary which was written to deceive Borden 




 So i cant give examples from the bible, without being accused of saying it represents the whole bible?




Im asking you specifically on today understanding Gods will.




I know little of the calvanist but thats hardly answering the question. 




 When i talk to christians about why god let the holocaust happen or natural diasters or letting the devil live, etc they say well thats gods will and we cannot understand his will. Also have been a christian for many years




This is common place, not only will you hear this from everyday christians, you hear it in the church, you see it in documentaries, film, etc. 




 I never said anywhere it was the whole word of god. 




There is more, im trying to deal with one example at a time, as you clearly said gods word couldnt be understood easily. So i brought up the most obvious example of the word being clearly understood easily



Again please explain his will and your stance 




 Is the ten commandments not the word of god?




I refer to the bible in the description, thats pretty clear. 
























 I guess but he was found guilty civilly. So its a question that has more to do with he was found innocent here so there is no debate or room for opinion 




 That subbreddit is garbage and to be fair, im not changing views i havent seen any. Most keep alluring to the jury, but my question is personal view point 




 Right i support that decision based on the trial but he is still guilty. Are you aware of the book he wrote, that doesnt lead you to question the decision even a lil? 




 It was presented in the civil case. The prosecutors thought it was an open shut case based on the DNA, and failed to present evidence because of this. 




 Yea. I believe he was rightfully acquitted due to the poor job by the prosecution but i also believe he is guilty 




 Well thats the thing, the jury did not receive all the evidence. The prosecutors failed to present the shoes and photo of shoes, the bronco car chsse, phone call, suicide note, possible witness etc. They thought the DNA would do it alone.




I respect your opinion but to say the jury saw all the evidence is not true. So if you still saw all the evidence including the shoes, you would find himn ot guilty? If so why? I understand you might have a different view im trying to understand it thats all 




 True. Im not trying to do that but because of the two verdicts im wondering if anyone thinks hes innocent? 




 Im not looking for specific anything as you suggest but to people sayingt he jury made the decision gives no insight to the question 




 Sure they do. Especially if they were two verdicts that went seperate ways, criminal civil 




 Thats not true, not even in OJs case. He didnt serve time but they got a considerable chunk of money from him. 




 Yea but do you really think he didnt do it? If so why?





Are you suggesting the legal system always gets it right? 




 Thats not the question. 









 Its clearly in the lab 




 I forget how big of assholes people in this subreddit are. And how serious they take themselves lol 




 Im very familar with the civil case. Doesnt answer my question at all. Im not trying to validate my opinion as you suggest, im trying to figure out how others validate theirs on the jury.




I hope you dont think OJ is innocent and think the legal system always get it right. 




 I already mentioned everything u said in my post. This was more for fun than being a nail on the head. String theory is based on an old theory BTW its not a recent concept as you suggest 




 I mean he is the one of the best to me, which was the question. To me Reservoir dogs, Pulp fiction, Djano Unchained, and Inglorius Bastards is some of the best films ever made. So that solidfies his status to me.




Diverse is overrated. If Kubrick can make a great scfi flick and great comedy but Tarantino makes two great action flicks, they both made 2 great flicks. I dont give one the edge because one was more diverse. Plus quention has done horror, martial arts, 2 period pieces, action, etc he is very diverse imo.





Very rarely do all great directors also write their scripts, everytime. This alone puts him high on the list. Some may be a better technical director but Tarantino has a style all to his own, you cant watch 5 mins of anything he directs and not know its him. This has to be respected. I dare you to find a director who has done so much with so little, in a time when so much more is available.




He could not put out another movie wouldnt change my opinion. Its not about diversity or quanitity or even technicality, its about Quality. Every movie he has put out, except 1 imo, has been top knotch. 




 Good point 




 Blow by Arteyu is hype worthy 




 Hail to the King. Av7



I imagine im the king and all these bitches are kneeling, and im sceaming HAIL TO THE KING.......afterwards im super hyped 




 Not true. Some of the scenes in the movie yes but not the majority





And the sequel begins exactly where 300 left off. Then later there is some flashbacks 




 No it wasnt. Just saying the jury made a decision is irrelavant and obvious. His second comment addressed the question directly.




Perhaps you should post comments on the topic at hand..... 




 An opinion has always existed, most people then think the jurors were idiots and same as now. Although i have seen polls as of 2014/15 that showed the majority of blacks believe he is guilty, directly the opposite to polls after the trial. With the increase of believers its reasonable to assume more have accepted the widely presumed theory that the jurors were morons, hence recent times.




I also dont think the jurors final decision is always right although in this case they were based on the cases presented before them. Had the evidence been presented properly and the verdict was still not guilty i would consider the decision wrong and the jurors morons. 




 Good will hunting. Simple, drama, a lil comedy 




 If so why is it so unknown and why do you like/dislike? 





If you havent and like rock, do yourself a favor and check it out. 




 Recent as in recent times 




 So was your first comment, that i was referring to.  




 My favorite saints player of all time. 




 Rounders. Worm is an all time favorite of mine. 




 I get that but i disagree all jury decisions are the right one. In this case yes but in every case is a major misstep IMHO. 




 Matthew is not nessicarily an astronaut in Interstellar. He confirms he has nver left the stratosphere 




 Based on what? 




 Just a curiosity to your comment, are you impling all jurors decisions are right? 




 Good point 




 Fair points but im speaking more to a recent opinion of the verdict. 




 Ok but why do the majority of people call the jurors morons and rag on the verdict? 




 The good shepard was badass 




 Fuhrman was never proven to specifically have tampered with the evidence but tampering was proven. To me you take the Dna evidence off the table he is still clearly guilty but all the evidence wasnt presented.




So you are saying people didnt realize the jury wasnt presented with all the evidence so its considered a bad verdict, I could see that. 




 If we are talking about say Louisiana where no weed consumption is legal, having such in your system can be used against you. Personal experience




Also THC and its levels in your system are case by case. Your body does not react to storing it the way another person's body will. 




 But having such in your system regardless of how much can be used against you. 




 Good point. Although there are several factors that could lead to this that doesnt involve time 




 Weed can be driven out of your system much quicker than 30 days. It depends on your usage of weed, water consumption and fat content





Yes, if they find weed in your system it can be used against you. 




 But Bruce wayne played by the same actor hasnt aged or changed any. 




 Ridley admits this was not a prequel, very clearly. Would you like the link? 




 There was very little of his blood on those items, most of the blood was the victims. It was even proven the blood on the sock was planted. But that becomes irrevalant when doubt about the evidence gathering is put into question.




This was not the home run evidence nor should it have been treated as such. And the obvious morons were the prosecutors not the jury 




 A major shift up from Martin Scorcese? 




 You mean all the evidence presented at the trial or all the evidence period? 




 Yes. Lets put all the evidence aside. Who writes a book about a murder of your ex wife, mother to your children, explaning how you did it, if you are innocent? 




 If he hired someone to do it wouldnt you be sure to have an alibi? Where did the inch deep cut on his hand come from?





Ferhman only had a small part in the case, to think he solely set up OJ is ludricous, just because he lied about having said niger in the last ten years. Also remember the countless times Nichole called the cops on OJ when he wasnt arrested. This is not the actions of a force that disliked OJ but one of those who admired his football skills 




 Well there was evidence that OJs blood was tampered with. His Dna went missing in the lab, later a forensic expert admitted to spilling it on his glove and continued to work on items on the case with the glove. The fact that doubt could be brought up here makes it not a suitable fact to be the center of the case.




Not to mention DNA was relatively new and hard to understand. This process should not have been the focus or jammed down the jurors throats. Considering the mountain of evidence they had they should have presented a mountain, instead of a hill of DNA evidence. 




 Its a damn shame really. And if this case is prosecuted properly, he is convicted. In my personal opinion the shoes is the most damning evidence of all, it proves OJ is lying. They simply ignored this aspect and missed the widely obtainable photo.





Its unpopular because he obviously commited the murders and people DV this because of it. But you are right a product of the justice system, a system where the truth is disregarded for who can argue best. 




 I think there are solid cases made that Jesus did not exist well outside the realm of reddit. Although i agree he was a real person, it is in some regard disputatable. 




 I disagree all his movies are poorly written. I love the house of a 1000 corpses, its sequel, and the Halloween remakes for the writing and directing. And he is still in his early stages of both with his best work yet to come IMHO 




 Also OJ was rightfully acquitted. Guilty 100% but the prosecutors did a hatchet job with the case leaving out the bronco fleeing attempt, the bruno magla shoes, putting Ferhman on the stand, letting OJ put on the gloves himself, etc. They focused way too much on questionable hard to understand DNA evidence.




OJ  was guilty but it was not proven in court. 




 Iraq invasion was the right thing to do.  




 Where would " you" rank Tarantino is asking exactly for personal favorites lol.  




 I simply asked why you think having Tarantino in my top three means I haven't watched many movies? Furthermore the post asks for your ranking and not an explanation. You want me to respond to a close minded comment with an open minded question, doesn't make a lot of sense.  




 Lol how else did you expect a response to a conceded question?  




 What makes you think I haven't? Like ability in movies is personal opinion, what makes you think I don't just put Tarantino above the many directors I've watched And the countless films I've seen?  




 My theory does explain all that you allur to. But this isn't that theory as a whole, it's the about this scene specifically. 





Any thoughts on the major inconsistency in this scene?  




 Keanu reeves in that baseball movies. Where he coaches the kids, so bad.  




 From Rounders. "If you can't spot the sucker at the table in the first thirty minutes, then you are the sucker."  




 From hell. Johnny deep in a story about the investigation of Jack the Ripper. For that matter Sleepy Hollow as well. 





Mystic river




Gone baby gone 

 




 This is not true. The director has already confirmed it is not a prequel to alien.  




 Avatar





There will be blood




Inglorious bastards, Django unchained




Inception 




The Lord of the rings 




The aviator  




 Zombie takes a lot of his inspiration from the horror films of the seventies. House of a 1000 corpses was a sort of tribute to that, looking at it in that light it was very well done. Take the budget into account as well. 




I think he is a very good director who has yet to tap into his true potential. I think he is severely underrated. I can't wait to see what he does next, and will undoubtedly watch and support his upcoming films. 




 Chronicle of Riddick





The two towers, return of the king. The hobbit movies, sort of, really not a sequel but a continuance of the story. 




Batman returns





300 rise of an empire 




EDIT:why the downvotes which movie doesnt apply to the topic? 




 Leo is better no doubt. Leo has proven he can consistently play a lead role with extreme success. He also has shown he can steal the spotlight as a supporting role, Ie Calvin Candy. Benicio while a great actor in his own right is mostly in a supporting role, and no where near the range.




Also for Martin Scorcese to deem you worthy of five of his movies all with the lead role, is enough praise to put him ahead of many of the working actors today, alone.  




 Red light is pretty awful, although I think de Niro does a decent job. There is also a movie with him and travolta that starts out good but takes a turn for the worse, and neither deliver a good performance.  




 Top three all time. With several off his movies being in my top ten. I also consider him the greatest writer of all time.






EDIT Taratino writes all his scripts, has a style all of his own, highly successful, has done horror, martial arts, western, period pieces, action(a major element of comedy in all), has made some of the most memorable films of all time and recent times. Why all the DVs on my opinion he is in my top 3? 




 




 Usually the delivery and placement has a lot to do with it. Plus the memorable factor, one line that can be easily remembered but pertains to the movies content.  




 I will start with, Tolkien began writing The silmarillion before the Hobbit and LOTR. He was a language addict, he spoke 12 or more languages and studied ancient ones. Eventually creating his own. He wanted to create a world where the creations in it spoke this language, hence the Silmarillion. This was his original motive. After years of work, with many pauses in progress due to in his academic work this novel was put to the side but it is the first work of ME, and predates all others. He then wrote The hobbit for his children to enjoy, using the universe he had already created but not yet finished. Upon the sucess of the Hobbit and fan request he began LOTR. Always coming back to the Silmarillion but never completeing it. So.....




In the silmarillion, it predates the LOTR's and the Hobbit beginning at the start of the universe. In his telling of the beginning of everything, it starts with an ominpotent Being,Eru. He creates the Holy ones, which he thens sings songs too which starts off the creation of the world, and Middle Earth.





Very much like String theory, which is compared to musical notes and their different frequencies. With the process explained here, Eru creates the strings and then begins to create the universe with them by singing and using different frequencies.





Eventually one of these Holy ones, starts to rebel and tries to instill competition amoung the rest. This holy ones' rebel wants to create different frequencies and rule over all. This could be seen as the early formation of the Selfish gene. He rebels against Eru with selfish ambition and trys to take over. Eru refuses to destroy the rebel as he loves all his creations. Instead he bans him to ME, which he eventually effects everything. The selfish gene thrives and even creates creatures. By the time the source is sent back to Eru, the gene has inhabited and infected everyone and everything.





A little loose but it does have some merit imho. When i first heard of String theory and its comparison to music i thought of Tolkien. He couldnt have possibly known about String theory but stumbled upon this explanation. There has to be something that lead him to favor this way for the universe to start, gut feeling maybe or blind luck. Im not saying string theory is correct either.





What do you all think? Open to suggestions 




 Spoiler Alert. The end speech with Borden and Angier. I believe i have found a major clue to Angier's deceit in narrarated scenes and evidence to stregthen the machine doesnt work theory. When Angier is telling Borden about the 1st clone ive noticed a major inconsistency that would lead me to believe its proof or a subtle clue that Angier is lying.





When he shoots the 1st clone, in the flashback at the end, its in Teslas' lab seemingly after its been burned down. You do not see Tesla or the assistant in the lab as to suggest they have already fleed Edison's men. Edison's men burn down the lab right after they flee. Only then does Angier have solo use of the machine, after the Lab has been burned down. There is no logical way for Angier to have been in the Lab alone, its guarded by electrical fences and gadgets to keep Edison's men away, before Tesla flees. There is no logical way for Angier to be there after its burned down.






The scene shows Angier kill the first clone in Teslas lab. With no tesla or his assistant, during daylight. This implies its after he has been given the machine, after Tesla flees. This would be impossible since the Lab has been burned down at this point.





This is a direct clue that Angier is lying. It also solidifies his willingness to fabricate stories to Borden, giving credence to a made up diary. Pair this with the air bubble in the only visible tank, and Angier seemingly gaining full control of his damaged leg, these are some of the subtle, ambigious clues we are told watch closely for.





Im fairly certain this scene is a clue and doesnt make sense. Imho Angier is lying as he is about the machine. This is Nolan masking the true trick of the film well. Want to see what you all think about this scene and if im not missing anything i might post a revised theory on the machine. Lmk if this wasa  great catch or why im wrong.  




 Experience, and as Hendrix asked "Are you experienced?"  




 I thought it was a classic IMHO  




 That's a shame, I'm sure there is a good movie in there somewhere.  




 Yea I love Snatch, and I agree it was better. I really like lock as well, but this movie was better IMO. I felt like it was just like those movies too, what made you dislike this one?  




 Maybe, although I'm not worried at all. James Cameron is a much better director IMO as well. I also love the story of Avatar, not the most popular opinion on reddit, so I'm excited to see what's the next step in the journey.




Like I said I haven't even seen a 3-d movie yet or avatar on the big screen so I'm highly anxious. I'm assuming the hype is gonna get out of hand and it will break all the records.  




 I'm not sure how popular this movie is but damn this was awesome. If you have seen it what did you think? If not go watch it. Reminded me of the movie "Thursday", both flew under my radar but by the time I got to them people had forgetting them. 




Also it kind of ended on a hint at a sequel. Has anyone heard of one possibly being made?  




 Freedom in Django Unchained when Django is having flashbacks. That shit chokes me up every time.  




 He would have been badass in Gone Girl in affleck's role. Maybe even the bad guy in the new Bond movie.  




 Leo the same in every movie is laughable. He is a phonomenal actor with a huge range. Leo not receiving an oscar thus far is more a knock on the oscars. 



J edgar Hoover 




Howard Hughes




Jordan Belford




Retarded grape





Calvin candy 




Jack Dawson




Laughable.......... 




 2001

 




 Now it's gotta be avatar 2 they keep changing the release date, but it seems to be set in stone now. Considering I missed avatar on the big screen, I can't wait for avatar 2. Most anticipated movie for me ever, I still have not seen 3-d yet, I holding out for the sequel.  




 It's best to have read the book for references. Even though it's mostly different, the book helps identify the "shine" and the hotel.




It's about a family with a struggling marriage and a "special" son. The hotel is fueled by Danny and its ghost convince jack to kill the family. That's about it. Kubrick also does some crazy stuff. He shoots every scene from eye sight level and you almost feel like you are a ghost following around the Torrance family. He rearranges the carpet, fixtures, pictures on the wall, mid scene and all kinds of things. It's a very dark movie but filmed in a very neat way. 




 Cast away 





The girl with the dragon tattoo 




 The prestige




Reservoir dogs




The game





We own the night




Kiss the girls




Rules of engagement 




Mr brooks  




 I like this a lot. 





To add to it, this is how the end could play out. The older brother after having come to terms leAving earth is the best possibility, long drawn out process in the film, decides to help Edmund. With his pull from being a war hero in a time after the war in a broken country, he helps sustain funding for the missions. He helps to fund and set up funds for the Lazarus mission in his attempt to rekindle his relationship with Edmund(younger brother). He becomes close to Dr. Brand waiting to hear back from Edmund, like Matthews' daughter does in interstellar. 




Upon getting close to Brand he figures out that Plan A is useless, that the Human race cannot be saved and his brother Edmund was sent under the wrong pretenses. Upon finding this out he confronts Dr Brand, and things get out of hand. Dr brand ends up shooting the older brother, as he lay there dying he begins to recite a poem to brand , one which he has never heard "Do not go gentle into the that dark night. Rage rage against the dying of the light........" The movie ends with dr brand standing over the body in his office, breathing heavy digesting the mans last dying words, the screen goes black..........then we hear the oldest brother take his last breath and utter the last words in the poem, Rage Rage. Then a baddass tune kicks in and the credits roll 




 Yea that could have some effect, reading the book. But take in mind the change in time frame to the book. This would greatly help Nolan in masking the trick, as far as the legal system, the trial, the use of simple magic. It is also my understanding tesla was also added, he was not in the book. Which would lend to help Nolan disguise the trick. But I'm not sure about that Lmk what is the truth here.





I will leave you with a quick version of the theory, but keep in mind it's got much more details and evidence then this. But it should help you rewire yourself into viewing the movie from angiers pov when you rematch the movie.




Angier visits tesla and realizes he has no " magic". He has no working machine as when he had none when Borden visited. So he begins to devise a plan to frame Borden, not just kill him but ruin his reputation, even steal his daughter. But he has a major problem, Borden has ruined his reputation when he sabatoges his trick and double. Borden's second successful attempt to sabotage Angier. No one would hire Angier for some simple trick.




So he uses the fact Borden sends him to tesla. He uses this useless machine to add flair to the old transported man to give the illusion of " real magic". Enough to add him a spot for a theater and give him efficient amount of time to set the frame in play. So Angier spends these months " visiting tesla" preparing his frame up and sobering up  root. A now very well paid root which was the sum of his issues anyway, money. Remember Angiers motive is not good magic at this point it's only to frame Borden. So if he was trying to top Borden at this point, root would not be a good hire but it's not he is only trying to frame Borden. This also why the blind stage hands, and why Caine is never let back stage. He is even scolded in a scene when he tries.




So Angier is the pledge and turn and all root does is the prestige( coming out the top of the balcony) that's it. 





Again there is abunch more to it, dealing with the tanks and bodies etc. but I'm tired of typing. If you are interested in the rest Lmk and I'll finish it later.  




 1)you have to remember that Borden is caught red handed. No one suspects foul play here. And I disagree that forensics was more or even considered sophisticated at all in the the time frame of the movie. So for no reason for anybody to suspect anything there would be no extensive investigation. There are blind stage hands backstage and the only person who saw was Caine who catches a longtime rival red handed with plenty motive. This was the classic open shut case, then take in the legal system of the time.



2)I understand your points but to me it's a little contradictive to portray what real magic is what it takes and have it switched on you. This doesn't make sense to me.




3)sure the bubbles could be interpreted as anything. But they took the extra effort to cgi it in, or purposely not take it out. I believe this has more significance than is widely considered.



4)this diary is also given to Angier on purpose by Borden. The encryption is planned ahead of time, because he willingly gives Angier the diary.



5)well when Angier shoots the clone you do not see Tesla or his assistant in the lab. This would imply it's being used after tesla has given him the machine, when tesla flees Edison's men. I believe a direct clue to lend you to believe Angier is lying.





6)I agree interpretation can be done many ways. Although my assesment is people are missing the obvious. Just as Angier does to Borden, just as Borden does to Angier, and as Nolan is doing to the audience. 




On the edit, true this can be taken many ways as can the bubble. But instead of thinking its a mindless error or poor calculation, in the theory these become vital clues.




Your post was well said many good points although I feel if you look at the movie different you will see my side. Might not agree but there is validity in my points IMHO 





Edit. To the birds point. The birds are killed and replaced with doubles not clones. Furthermore Angier figures out a way to save the birds, save the original. Only when Borden comes along does the bird get killed. Very similar to the way it plays out in the theory.  




 Fair point. I just figured it was well known, not well accepted, well known  




 It seems like alot of younger people especially havent. But i could be wrong wouldnt be the 1st time 




 Whats the good fight? 




 Jumanji 




 He use to be a crackhead though, all them fuckers can take and cause alot of damage.....alot. 




 Only one has a BMF leather engraved wallet though. I gotta take Jackson 




 Ill start with the incosistancies.




1)Angier gives Borden a diary that could prove his innocence days before he is to be executed. A day or two before he actually goes to the jail




2)The movie makes constant references to how real majic is done and it has nothing to do with "real magic"




3)The air bubble in the only visible tank at the end. The fact Angier gains full control of his leg while drowning after the film goes though length to show how damaged it is




4)Borden sends Angier to Tesla the one person who can produce a similar result as a twin is unbelieveable and could have been done a much more logical way. Why connect these two if there is no need to?




5)The scene where Angier shoots the first clone, the flashback at the end, happens in Teslas' lab seemingly after its been burned down. A fabricated scene in the theory




Angier uses a double, and sets up the trick during his "visits with tesla". Caine identifies the double in the morgue, with a quick glance ill add. At this point there is no reason for suspicion. They have a body and have his long time rival caught red handed. Caine during the trial is under the impression the trick was real and Angier isd ead. He is never let in on the trick and its why he particapates in the trial.




I can give more detail lmk. But you have to be willing to accept Nolan is attempting to pull the wool over your eyes, and if you follow the clues you will see. 




 This whole back and forth has been sick.....SICK AS FUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!! but its pretty funny  




 The machine doesnt work and its a tool of deceit used by Angier to frame Borden. With Nolan playing the true trick on the audience and its what we are told to look for twice, "Are you watching closely? But you wont see. You want to be fooled. You want it to be real." Said before and after Bordens trick is revealed




There are too many inconsistencies in the plot for it to be a straightforward film, with much evidence pointing to Angier deceit, IMHO. 




 Good point, gonna add this in as well 




 Its proven the comforters rarely get washed, if ever. Its not common knowledge but it should be.




The first thing you do is remove the comforter then plop down 




 Possible, although i like the idea that was presented that they were an ally, alot 




 And potentially very nasty 




 And you plop right down onto a cum ridden rarely washed comforter. Ewwwwww 
























 You cleary are uneducated on this subject. How can you stand against something you dont understand. What do you think AA is? 




 Mine too, great list 




 True but your point has been made, why linger. I dont think rounders is perfect but its a great vastly underrated movie imo 




 Great list, love to see the love for Reservoir dogs 




 Great list. First TWBB ive seen, that one is like a 5b for me 




 I hear ya, anyone with Almost Famous that high has to pluck a 6 string. It was my favorite movie for years 




 I can buy that 




 Great list 1st time ive seen jaws 




 Still pretty crazy though. Id always assume we saw the whole moon, but when i found out about the Dark side of the moon i was floored 




 Yea seems Aliens is prefered, im with you though i like the 1st one better. I just thought Aliens was like a bust or w/e i didnt know it was so well liked 




 Fair enough 




 I really like this list 




 Yea im surprised. No hate going on either, yet. Your list sucks, how can you like this movie etc. Pleasantly surprised 




 Yea, bad attempt at humor. Still havent seen but ive heard great things 




 Whats the deal with aliens, is the sequel that much better or is it a typo? 




 Mullholland Dr #1?? 




 I will give this movie a shot in the near future 




 I could see that 




 Im surprised Goodfellas just mentioned. Like your list we have similar tatse 




 To add to this take Deep breaths, people who get nervous tend to breath fast they dont get enough oxygen and it throws them off 




 Hes got different tatse than you so what....Fuck Off 




 You gotta play guitar, right? 




 Just out of curiosity, 2nd time ive seen Aliens, is the sequel that much better, i honestly cant remember it 




 I love Pans Labyrinth and its gotta be top 25 for me easily. 




 Im down with that, maybe a lil fresh green onion too





If you want to be super cheap just a lil siracha does wonders 




 Love your tatse. Ive seen Se7en about 30 times 




 Well i didnt get a chance to see Avatar on the big screen, ill never forgive myself. So watch it before 2 comes out so you can watch it on the big screen. I got a feeling its gonna be an epic cant miss movie event 




 If you add to Ramen noodles they are the bomb. I add a lil teriyaki sauce and Siracha, Off the chain 




 Groovy list i have to say 




 This is 2nd time ive seen Clue, is it really that good? 




 Still havent seen Close Encounters, ill have to check it out 




 Damn Big Fish, i havent seen or thought about that movie in years. That is a great movie, i will have to rewatch soon 




 From what i understand his finger tore loose from his body due to his ring. It was a serious surgery that is relatively in its early stages. It was more of a precaution, the measures after the sugery. From what i understand anyway 




 Let me know your favorite top 5, in order. Im not worried about most awards highest grossing(if you are in to that and base your rankings off that, thats cool too) but your favorite films. I will offer mine feel free to comment.





1.Goodfellas




2.Apacolypse Now




3.Reservoir Dogs





4The departed





5.Avatar






EDIT. Thanks for all the responses ive enjoyed looking though them, keep em coming. It looks like PULP FICTION is the most mentioned!!! 




 Wow, i found the one person who likes this movie more than me. I love this movie, not in my top 5 but top 25. Its rewatch ability has to be top 5 for me though. I cant tell you how many times ive watched it. Worm is one of my fav characters ever.  




 We only see half of the moon ever 




 Pay it Forward. I thought the concept was very thought provoking and for sure could be a way to make a difference 




 Also has to do with fire and sterile water cooked meals etc.





Plus birth comes into play. Our own race almost died out due to the rapidly growing human head and its effect on the birth canal 




 Ive had women ask for this during, its for sure a turn on for some 




 Yea it should be amazing. I missed Avatar on the big screen and i havent seen a single 3D movie, im holding out for Avatar 2.





Im thinking the next one is going to be a civil war between the Omaticaya with the return of the sky people at the end 




 It has more to do with than just race, educate yourself on what you critize 




 Read the books their great 




 /r/iaddnothingtothetopic and /r/iknownothing are great for you, youll fit right in 




 It involves gender as well 




 Lol. Yep my mistake, still want to see TGWTDT finished though 




 Have you read Pet semetary yet? 




 What about this didnt you get from watching the movie? 




 Avatar is far into production, suppose to be 3-4 with a release every x mas starting next year till their done.




I would like the girl with the dragon tattoo to be finished 




 Jfk 




 Semi Pro. Hilarious but awful 




 Yea thats true, i did watch 2 last.... 




 This is true though 




 Goodfellas 




 Ill take 2 everytime 




 But if you have seen the movie why do you care about a trailer? 




 Why though? 




 Who cares about a trailer? 




 AA is not only about race 




 You are retarded, you understand that the FBI wasnt involved right away as you suggest? Nor does that mean the FBI falsified anything in this case? Your article pertains to less than 100 cases, are you saying the FBI only dealt with 329 cases of DNA since forensics came around overturning less than 100? Furthermore your article mentions nothing about SHOES, its alot easier to identify a shoe print to a specific shoe than hair or bite marks to a specific person. Even your childish mind can see that difference. To claim a shoe print is the same catergory as hair or bite marks shows your ignorance. One can look at the PIC today and run a simple test to prove what kind of shoe it is. 





Your only evidence is a pin LOL, compared to the evidence against OJ, you really are an idiot, what about the witnesses, unexpained cuts on his hand, his bronco gone from the premise at the time of the murder, you are aware OJ has an alibi shortly before and after the murders but not during while a limo driver was beating down his door so he wasnt at home, the BRONCO chase scene and suicide note, unexplained cuts on his hand and his confession in book form, this is without mentioning DNA or motive???? you holding onto a pin LOL




I know this case much better than you. There is much more proof than a shoe print, including a ton of it not dealing with forensics but again their not RODGERs size as you conveinantly havent addressed. Plus you just make shit up like OJ not owning a pair of the shoes, knowledge doesnt come from making shit up and bad info from a bias documentary lol.  




 Freedom Anthony Hamilton




"Im looking for Freedom. Freedom!!!! To find it will cost me everything i have." 




 Smokin cigs 




 There is neither happiness nor misery in this world, just the comparison of one state to another, nothing more. He who has felt the deepest grief will best be able to experience surpreme happiness. 




 No. Its been around in one form another ever since we evolved from apes. There are ways to box it but never rid of it completely 




 Lebron 




 The Matrix 




 ?? Thats how i spelled it





Any input on the scene?? 




 A)Of course there is proof. He admits this in the civil case





B)Your one article presented does not say shoe prints. Ir we assume thats what it meant, you are ignoring the rareity and condition of the shoe print




C)You do realize there is more evidence than DNA and prints





D)Why would he lie, obvious. Publicity, money, fame, boredom, insane.




E)The FBi may have introduced evidence in court its the Lapd who collected it. Specifically the gloves and blood samples. It was the LAPD who drew OJs blood days after the murder.




F)No i am testing the range of your conspiracy. But you have to see a connection here.





G)this is true policd have framed before. The evidence is so vast in this case that there was justification in stopping the investigation 





First, cmon with those childish comments "if you knew anything bout the case". No need for that, also you were wrong in that statement. We are having a decent debate but no room for that.




Also can you address the FBI admitting to falsing facts or some proof. 




 Who is dead??!!!! lol 




 Eastern promises. If you can get past the nudity, a knife fight between trained killers, no solid footing, no clear path to fight in, naked and blurred vision. Intense to say the least





Django Unchained. The scene where Calvin Candy finds out what their after at the dinner table, Wildly intense 




 A)have you seen the pic of the shoe print? Furthermore they identified it as a bruno magla shoe before they knew OJ even owned a pair!!!




B)if rogers didnt need money why he is comiiting a double murder? If he is a successful criminal why would he wear rare shoes to a murder scene? You still havent adressed it wasnt his shoe size




C)no im not FBI but the evidence as well as the whole trial is documented so.....




D)OJ lied at a voluntery questioning before he was a suspect, plus why lie about Your Own Shoe collection if you hired someone else to do it? And rodgers is incapable of lying right




E)So you think its more crediable a mass conspiracy between the LAPD and the FBI was commited to frame OJ? You do realize the amount of different departments and people that dont intermingle would have to work together on this right




F)did the FBI fake the many incidents of OJs physical abuse against Nicole? And the infamous 911 call?




G)so OJ was clever enough to hide any connection to Rodgers but not clever enough to have an alibi? Lol 




 Also if Rogers did it, how did the cops get Ojs blood? 




 Yea 99.9% of those cases didnt involve an extremely expensive shoe where there were only 500 pairs or less at the time. Even less when you consider the size. Furthermore OJ lied about owning a pair, not only does his lying have a significant impact but why would a poor desperate for money Rogers be wearing those shoes? Its not his size either from what i understand.




Also very rarely is the print found in such prestine condition, so your rebuttal very well said does not hold alot of weight considering




EDIT on top of that there is much more evidence if it was just the shoe print i understand some what where you are coming from but there is so much more 




 Again your an idiot as no one has given reason to why the hate on the jury. Why the quotes i havent said that at all oh yea because you are an idiot and but hurt i called you out on your BS about this case you know nothing about. 




 How so? The shoe print found at the crime scene was from an extremely rare shoe, even rarer when you consider the size, that was not rogers size but OJs. He denied owning the shoe at all, later aftert he criminal case a pic surfaced confirming he owned and wore these shoes. How again is it more plausible? 




 You are an idiot. Most people do blame the jury, its been documented. The jury doesnt always make the right decision nor should it be respected at every out come, 2nd im asking why the jury is seen as being wrong, widely considered btw.




No one has been clear on the hate towards the jury, i understand the jury made a decision. Why that answers the question, it doesnt, why do you think i need to hear that, i dont.




I have no interest in you as its clear you are ignorant to the case at hand 




 That story is simply retarded. Dont you think if you hired someone to kill your ex wife you would be sure to have an alibi?? 









 You dont sound aggresive but ignorant to the case the prosecution presented 




 Im not saying those with certain history should be punished nor did i say it was a justification for AA. Again your conclusions are not drawn well from the statements made.




How do you see AA as punishment??




Again i was only remarking on your idiotic statement.  




 Yes i agree, people are reaping the benefits now that have no true idea why, and are privelged by it. Is it doing more harm than good now a days, i could agree with that. I hope to see this removed or changed in the future to include those in the majority that are hindered in other ways other than color. I do feels it adds to the lingering feeling of most blacks that most whites are racist, hence why there is AA, some would say.





But it has helped in positively effecting change imo. It was a positive thing upon its being implemented. I believe it had a direct effect on the culture change since that of the 60s. I also feel blacks are still the minority as far as population and see AA as a way to level the job searching playing field.





I have the biggest issue with job programs for inmates. Those who can leave jail to work in the real world. It hinders the average "free" citizens job opportunities by a decent amount. Since most inmates are black its a privelege rarely touched on, and a spit in the face of equal opportunity imo. 




 Thats just laughable. Would lebron be competetive yes, dominate no. 




 No, i dont know how you drew that conclusion. Your statement that every white has no connection to slavery is ludricous.




I support AA as it is a way to level the playing field. Equal rights is an issue that has been solved just recently, and that mind set is still prevalant. So in order to change the culture and mindset this is reasonable imo 




 Its not though. I have no better idea than when i started why people blame the jurors not the prosecution. 




 To be fair AA goes beyond slavery, and has to do with equal rights that were fairly recently made into a level playing field.




I understand where you are coming from though. I simply support AA because its an attempt to level the mind set caused by this very long history of unfairness to blacks. Is it in turn unfair to whites? Yes. Anyone who says it isnt is wrong. Is it nessacary to implement changes in cultures and mind sets? This is debateable but imo yes it is.




You make great points on other immigrants discriminated on. Take the irish for another case. But most of these immigrants had equal rights not offered to the blacks. Thats the difference. 




 Not only that but not every white southerner supported or participated in slavery and not every white northerner opposed it. Its a fine line to state every white in America doesnt have links and a fine line to state every white does. 




 Fair enough, i agree.





But i will  add the shoes to me proves he almost certaintly did it. 
 




 Im well aware of the case my friend. Im looking for your view point





If you want to get into police framing, explain the shoes?? Evidence not presented at the criminal case 




 Freedom, django unchained 




 Some whites history and inheritance are linked to slavery even today, plus some still support the idea. So no not every white but the vast majority are not connected 




 Well its not hard to win a case the prosecution hands you. Doesnt answer to your view points though 




 The fact that the post lumps "white people" together is bias in itself. It also lumps wealth and race together, quite unfair.





I support AA but in some ways it punishes certain white people who had nothing to with slavery and are not racist 




 Bill russel? 




 Micheal Jordan. 6 finals 6 rings 6 mvp. Top ten in every catergory that matters 




 Most of these soilders were kids. When finally faced with the horror of war i presume a mass feeling of regret ensued 




 The count of Monte Cristo





Never listened to an audio book 




 7 grand b/c i dont trust the bank 




 Regret. 




 No small talk 




 Jobs is dead 




 Bernie madoff, no doubt. 




 I dont have a problem but im looking for personal opinion on OJ, im well aware of the verdict. And yes its simple fact that in the criminal case all the evidence was not presented.




Also to clarify i think the verdict was the right one based on the cases presented but i also think he is guilty. 




 Are you aware of the book he wrote? 




 Right, cause the jury never gets it wrong 




 Yes ive seen this a damn shame. There was also another witness that placed OJ by the dumpsters of the airport, night of the murders. Digging or hiding something in them, never presented. Plus the shoes the most damning evidence of all 




 I understand the difference well but my point is there is room for opinion. To disagree with a verdict is common place and this case especially has merit for such a discussion 
























 "Im positive He dead" Django Unchained 




 Vanilla Sky? 




 Smoking Aces? 




 Thats interesting. Thanks for the reply 




 So why does the 1st ed say 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10? Does it lose the 1 if its a 2nd ed to look like 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10? 




 Damn that blows. Yea im happy, i love tolkien and at the very least i got the map which is a must. Would have been cooler to have the 1st ed but i know its old and an early ed for sure 




 I was so excited for a few minutes there. But thanks for all your help im forever grateful 




 Maybe i have no idea how this works. It has so many common factors with a 1st ed too, but dont think it is 




 Damn thats a bummer. Got the map the dyed pages and the offset on 229 




 Yea 0-395-25730-I(or 1 hard to tell) 




 Actually i jumped the gun its says first american printing but no first ed above. Futhermore on this page the 1st ed has at the bottom printed in the usa 12345678910 mine says printed in the usa 11 12 13 14 15




So what do i  have? 




 Maybe not, no period missing on page 330 line 4. But does meet requirement on others guys link 




 Map still in it too no book cover though. When my ipad charges ill load a pic 




 Just cause you took time to post links, i do have one. Pretty cool for 4$ 




 Yea i will, from the last link the guy posted i do have one, its got the offset on page 229 and everything 




 Im not looking fort he silmrillion exclusive but how in general to find out. No need to be a drag, you can avoid the thread you know 




 You didnt read the edit did you? 




 Hell yea. Says First American edition dont know if that counts and actually the latest date is 1977, no book cover old but in good condition. 




 Its dated 1976 before wiki even says it was published. 




 You went bold adding Superman. I like it 




 Im pretty sure i just bought a 1st edition of The Silmarillion for 4$. But how do you tell its a 1st 2nd etc edition? 




 This had me dying, only thing be funnier if this was what you actually believed 




 Well said 




 My liver 




 There is a theory on /r/fantheories that makes a strong case that Robin is actually Jokers son. So heres what i suggest





Robin is fighting crime keeping Gotham in order. Bruce and cat woman living happy in london or where ever. Robin eventually finds out his dad is the Joker. Kills him at his trial, that way we never hear the joker so you could cast a lookalike. Robin then takes a turn for the worse, no longer being able to mask the anger hes always had inside, the anger he tells Bruce about.





He forces Batman and catwomans hand. They come back to save Gotham. After a long struggle, Robin kills Batman. Then an epic battle between robin and catwoman transpires. Catwoman wins,barely, and returns to London. Where in the final scene we see her nursing a young boy, bruce jr.




EDIT: www.reddit.com/r/fantheories/comments/3dn1dm/is_john_blake_really_the_jokers_son_nolans/ Link for jokers son theory 




 I thought it would be cool to see what the movie buffs here could come up with. Nolan left alot to be desired in his ending, which was a great way to go out. But there could be more, so if there was a 4th film how would you suggest it plays out? 




 Lol ill repost 




 I disagree there, oscar worthy, no. One of the worst ever, no 









 Agreed 




 Idk, i love the part when Bill scars Amsterdam and he goes into hiding. Only emerging to lay dead rabbits in the street till the war. I thought that was brilliant. Although i thought the fight itself was a let down. Amsterdam only killing a wounded Bill was unsatisfing. I thought this scene could have been better. Maybe cutting the dance scene, the burning building they rob scene would have been better scenes to cut out imo 




 Why?? I thought she was good in the film, not everyday you see a hot blonde go red headed 




 Well said, would have to be the joker.  




 Gangs of New York. Great epic film, could have been a bit shorter 




 Of course it does, just as much as saying a story that happens on a different planet with aliens in the future is the exact same story as one that happens on this planet between the same species from the past. Godfather is the same story with oil using your logic 




 TWBB is just The godfather with oil, with that logic. 




 If you understand and think the same why call Avatar nothing but eye candy? I understand you think those stories are better but why then rip Avatar fot not having an original powerful story  




 A shame you dont see more in the story of Avatar. An avid film fan you seem to be, there is so much more than eye candy. It highlights the flaws of the human race, it shows a world that has evolved without technology, has a wonderful love story, great characters in the brainy female scientist, hardenered war Captain, and the handicapped rebel. Makes powerful statements on war and the field of conscinoues. But if you cant see its more than eye candy i feel sorry for you as its such a joy.




How can the setting not be more original? Pandora is an orignal world. Cmon now. The theme and conflict in TWBB are very much the same as the Godfather and endless movies about rise to power. The characters and acting(didnt mention) are better but one film has DDL one doesnt so that shuts the case on those 2 aspects.




Again i love TWBB, but wish you could see more in Avatar. People tend to get lost in the CGI and not focus on the wonderful story or concepts. Sling blade doesnt even come close imo  




 No i think it was a good film but i dont see it as a movie id put in my top 5. Considering your stance on Avatar i wanted to know your take on this film. But even if i did think it was a terrible movie i wouldnt than suggest you know nothing about films cause its in your list opposed to another movie 




 I cant tell if your sarcastic here are not but i found this conversation very interesting. Although unsatisified at what actual applications you were referring to? 




But yes TWBB in my top ten, back half, but not top 5. To be fair most of my top five is not in the top 100 most successful so its clear im not worried about that.




I saw Sling blade in yours, whats the deal with that, what am i missing? 




 Argubaly Kip Thorne, who didnt write a book on Interstellar till after but wrote the script with Nolan 




 Yea i have conceded this point. It does look like the lab in the final scene but there is an earlier scence that shows its in a theater. But as the edit says im leaving it up due to the few suggestions there were 2 machines 




 Cool. Thanks for this, ill probaly spend the next 3 hours looking at scripts i had no idea this was available 




 I like Interstellar better personally. But i love Contact and can see the case clearly that its better. I like interstellar more for it ventures into, or it shows us things beyond our planet where Contact doesnt. Thats my take anyway 




 Thats not why i like Avatar more at all. You said theres actual applications why your opinion makes sense all im saying its not based on sucess




I love TWBB, i think DDL acting is the best ive seen in many years. But Avatar is more bold exciting and has a less dark feel. So you dont have to keep explaing the movie i get it, i love it, its a classic. But to say your opinion has a better case How?? 




 I think its pretty clear there is only one machine based on strong suggestions in the movie itself. But i hear what your saying. How do you get scripts? I would be very interested in looking at some 




 How do you measure that? Avatar was much more successful, and as far as orginality ive already debunked that. 




 Is your description of TWBB not a mirror image to that of Micheal in the Godfather?





I disagree with you on BBM. Avatars love story prevails over species, race, war, betrayal, and bodies. Not just gender. But you are missing personal opinion here. How can your views and opinion dictate my personal list? How can your opinion of BBM make my opinion of Avatar wrong? 




 Right i have conceded that, see edit in description. But you have cleary avoided your suggestion there is two machines or justified it??? 




 Does not Tesla express fear in the machine?




Also it cleary shows Angier setting up the machine so of course the location of it wouldnt be the same. But it does look like a theater hes in not a warehouse upon closer examination. 




 I believe its a cop out now but back then it was the only explanation 




 Ok fair point. Where do you get the idea there is a replica machine from? 




 Thats my point on a "replica" machine 




 Where do you get there is two machines from?




When did Angier get a warehouse? 




 There is no replica machine, Angier is given the Machine. Im not really following the logic here 




 Correct? Where did this replica machine come from? Angier only books a theater because of the trick which was in working order long after the 1st clone is shot. 




 Angier shootingt he clone in a lab thats been burned down already. 




 Im just pointing out the flaw in the scene and asking if 1 2 or 3 is the best explaination for it. 




 Ok, thats weird to me but i dont watch hockey often. Can you break down the points, how much the shooter gets and how much the assitor gets? 




 The end speech between Borden and Angier. Angier begins to tell Borden of shooting the first clone but there is a major inconsistency.




Angier is all alone in Teslas' lab seemingly after its been burned down. There is no Tesla or his assistant, as to imply they have already fleed Edisons men. But Edison burns the lab down that night. Only after Tesla flees does Angier have solo use of the machine.





Angier couldnt have gone to the lab alone beforehand, due to the electric fence. Nor do we ever see him there without Teslas company. So he couldnt be there alone beforehand alone and he couldnt be there after the machine was given to him, the lab has been burned down.




There are 3 possibilities. 




1)Ive missed something here and someone can make sense of this inconsistency.(possible although unlikely)





2)Nolan made a mistake.





3)Its a clue Angier is lying in this moment.





Lmk what you all think or what ive missed.




EDIT: i was wrong it does look like the scene is elsewhere than the lab. will leave the post up to rebutt the crazy suggestion there was two machines 




 He doesnt even have enough fingers for all his rings LOL. He had a commercial a few years back with him in a darkened bar that was hilarious. If you or anyone else could post a link to that id be forever grateful. 




 I agree this movie was not a slave to its twist. I will always view Goodfellas as his best with Gangs of new york and the departed being 2a 2b 




 Get a life, and i see you are determined to get the last word so have it. I will not respond anymore but just knowing i mind fucked the shit out of you is enough for me. Good day kiddo 




 You havent been making sense for awhile. You got all defensive and childish because you were wrong so.... 




 Avatar is in my top 5 and a few others here. The story of Avatar may not be totally original but neither is TWBB, which is very similar to the rise of power and unthinkable greed seen by Micheal in the Godfather. 




Avatar had a great concept, badass action, top knotch effects, and the most powerful love story of recent times. I love TWBB but Avatar is personally a better film to me 




 Well you arent but if you were a child handles adversity like that so...... 




 No doubt. 




 Well said. Although Teddy realizes he is a monster. He knew something was wrong with his wife and ignored her cries for help. Which lead to his kids death and murder of his wife. Which he only accepts at the end, which is why he chooses to die. He is also haunted by the horror of war. Your post is well stated but i dont see it that way at all.




Thats what makes a great movie, imo, as you stated 




 A childs defense system in the working, im clearly wrong but cant express it though sentence formation so ill just type meaningless words 




 Thats what happens to children, youll learn how to deal with that better as you get older kiddo LOL 




 Both the assistor and shooter? Thats wild. Why so? 




 Exactly.....although you are clearly childish i hope you take away something from this exchange 




 Yes you do. When you consider yourself right when you are clearly wrong thats a childish thing to do. Its not about your missused burning ship analogy, its about someone coming along and correcting your mistakes. When they do you accept the mistake, learn from it, and move on. You dont hold on to your mistake and now treat it as truth.





This is the way mature people deal with mistakes. But again like a child you want to hold on the notion im "righter" Lol. Unlike me i saw my mistake and said yep i stand corrected, grow up a little and accept the idea you will not always be right, you wont. Even Einstein was wrong, alot. 




 No you are wrong, but if you cant admit that good for you. An idiotic thing to consider yourself right when you are wrong, but youll learn that when you mature some 




 Yes ive already stated that but you want to hold on to the notion you are right. The premise that makes me wrong is the exact premise that mskes you wrong. At least i can admit to being wrong, you are still trying to be right though Lol 




 Ok, but neither are remakes so even your original assumption is Technically wrong. If you would have said the thing has not been remade you would be right but in every way you are technically wrong with your original assumption, Lol nice try though.  




 You get points for assist in hockey? 




 I dont like sticking my hand in the toliet, its the way ive always done it as well. Its more of a squat but im not sitting on the toliet. It gets the job done, if i had unfavorable results i wouldc hange 




 Actually you are right about the prequel, thats interesting. I might give the movie another shot on that basis, i stand corrected on that.





But to the 51, 82 versions they are not my rules. Its not considered a remake, look at the wiki page and other sites. 




 I stand 




 Bill Russel 11 rings 




 Go into Space. 




 Idk i think he has fallen insane though much of the movie. He seemed to be running from his memory. Every time he had a flashback he seemed to grow more insane. Only when he faces them at the end does he come out of it.



But ill have to watch again for your suggestion 




 The thing(JCs version) is a stand alone film. Its not considered a remake of "The thing from another world". Its based on that movie along with a book wriiten in the same era but IT is NOT considered a remake.



 

My point still stands, the older version of The thing much better than the new. 




 I thought it was great. A nice change for Scorcese as well.





I saw it as Leo was really crazy. His partner was his docter,etc, and it was an attempt to try and cure him. At the end he realizes he is potentially cured but instead of living with the pain hed rather be lobtomized. He says something like, "Live as a murderer or Die a good man." I believe his relapses dealt with him running from the pain of his murdered wife and kids. Thats how i saw it. 




 Have you not heard of the movie or you think the shitty remake is better? 




 I dont know if Interstellar is even his most ambitious. At least it deals with things that are in the realm of possibility. We dont understand everything touched on, but the major concepts are possible.




As opposed to Inception, The prestige, Batman. 




 Partly agree with what you say. I disagree with it being a cop out, people truly believe it. But i do agree with your age old conversation. Religion seems to hang on to early conversations where science is having new ones. 




 The differnce between science and religion explanations is science grows. It thrives on being wrong, thats how progress is made. Religion shuns any notion of this.  




 I dont believe Interstellar is Carl Sagan, Contact is but Interstellar is based off kip throne 




 The Thing 




 Not top 5 though 




 Exactly my point....... 




 What you mean? 




 Goodfellas is the best, great list. I think wolf of wall street might enter my top 5 soon as well. Its got the besr rewatch ability of any movie in the last 20 years imo 




 Your whole speil on work ethic job searching and names wasnt bias racist crap? 




 Explain this scene then 




 No prestige? 




 Lord of war, Hell yea 




 You have no argument. Ive offered stats that directly contradict your premise. Your only response was some bias racist crap that made no sense, and directly reflects the type of mindset whites still have in this country as proof enough AA is nessicary. Mindsets, like yours, will always lean whites like me to support AA as the majority of this country does. Then you come back with i didnt say any thing racist LOL. There is a debate to be had on this topic but you are too childish and make no logical rebuttals but see it as you want. 




 You are an idiot.  




 Now your racism is becoming clear. But if AA is stealing all these jobs from whites and hires less qualified minorities why doesnt it show in the numbers?? You see how you are contradicting yourself





Someone has to be a minority someone has to be the majority. Its a technicality you are hanging on, if blacks were the majority AA would apply to whites. Its a number of population of race thing not a color thing. 




 First off, its color blind. It helps minority period, whatever race or gender that may be. Second after slavery was over there were years of unequal rights. Mainly blacks and women.




So if AA is so unfair, why are whites still the least unemployed but most of the population? 




 No it has to do with minority, yesterday you had no idea it lent itself to women. This country is the most diverse we have to incourage equal opportunities. So 50 years is suppose to even out the 200 years minoritys didnt get to vote work, or were slaves?





If you were to employ every black person in America that would only leave 2% of whites unemployed. Yet with being a majority whites have the least unemployment, hence level the playing field. If we have 100 people 70 are white 30 are black 60 whites are employed only 10 blacks. Thats are country break down, to imply this is level is ignorant and just wrong. And this is with 50 years of AA lol 




 Its to level the playing field. Blacks are still the most unemployed, women still make less than 1$ average than males for the same job. This country has only recently given equal rights to these groups, so outside help is needed. This policy has evoked positive change in culture and mindsets. You do realize it has very little to do with race. If whites were the minority it would serve them. Furthermore we are not the only country to adapt this policy.




 




 Nice!!  im just finihing up. I heard there is another one coming out next year.  
























