 I'm a huge fan of the Sennheiser MKH 50, very warm sounding and not a lot of ceiling noise. 
But I know the Oktava MK-012 is very good too and much cheaper.  Both are good, but I think the MKH 50 will take you further.  




 I am a location sound mixer, and Me66 isn't bad, but I will almost always reach for a 416 first.  The 416 is really the industry standard for shotgun mics, so if you are planning on building up a kit it is a far better investment than a Me66.

And absolutely get a 302 or better to use with either mic as the H4n simply will not get you the best audio quality from those mics. 
Good luck! 


































 Canon DSLRs suffer from automated gain control. When the sound in the room is quiet it boosts the gain automatically. So what happens is when you talk it might sound normal, but in between lines the sound of the room or the room tone becomes louder as auto gain control rises. Even with a Rode mic it does the same thing. Magic Lantern gives you a few set gain options and disables auto Gain. 

Your best bet for a long term solution is to get an external audio recorder like a Zoom H4n and sync the audio and video up later. H4n's have decent on board mics that are far superior to the rode mic and you have the option to plug in two additional mics via XLR ports in the future when you can afford a decent shotgun mic or Lavaliere.

*credentials - I am a Location Sound Mixer for film
 









 Thanks Killing Music 




 When I made films in high school I forgot quite a few things. So you are so far ahead of where I was. You kept pretty good continuity and had plenty of coverage. That being said, start asking yourself what the shot looks like. Change up the shot size.

For example, a great way to show how alone and vulnerable the kid is is to take the camera all the way to the other end of the hall (an extreme long shot) and show how empty and big the hallway is. Take this approach across the film. Use camera distance to convey emotion. Close-ups are more intense and can be used to show extreme emotions or build tension. And don't be afraid of coming from a different angle than just eye-level.  Anyway, that's my two cents. Good work! 
























 Spicy Banana Disaster 









 JVC 750 is great for long term shooting like your lecture or Documentaries. Very Large Camera though.  




 It's not bad, but Dialogue is mixed way too low and it sounds heavily EQ'd 
























 I've heard the same thing.  Though I haven't yet had the opportunity to use an H6. I've also hesrd the User
 Interface is much cleaner. 
In that price range the Tascam you suggested might be your best bet. 

What mics are you using?

 




 I've had many similar experiences on set and all I can say is it gets better. In class projects tend to be crappy. You get stuck in groups with people that have no ambition and no interest in learning any of the skills necessary to make a good film. My experience at film school was that there are two kinds of students that go there. The ones that go to class and the ones that go to set. 
You'll start to build up contacts of people you like working with at school and your projects will improve as you start to weed out the lazy kids. 
I'm not a director,  just a sound guy, but knowing who to work with is incredibly important.  

Also saw you were in Midwest and I'm in Chicago and completely agree with your analysis of Columbia College. 




 I should make the correction that screen writing students hate feedback. The profressionals know its part of the industry.   




 Both and joke and true.
The only person who hates feedback more than the sound guy is the writer. 
























 I've had a lot of trouble getting the H4n to play nice with anything. What do you use with the Zoom that works well? 




 In that price range I always suggest the Rode NTG 2. Its a fairly good mic for the price and I think it's better than the Sennheiser ME66, which is a similarly priced mic.  




 A Harvest Nope 




 To be honest in that price range I'm not sure. I've used the NTG2 and NTG3 with the H4N and my biggest issue has always been that Phantom power is supplied to both xlr ports or neither. That being said the h6 is supposed to have new preamps right? I think the quality of the preamps are definitely most of the reason in price jumps before you add timecode. 
I have used Sound Devices MixPre and 302 with the H4N and they don't play nice together. 
Sound devices makes some sick toys like their new 633 mixer/recorder. Obviously way put of the H4n range but you can dream right? 
























 Try a telescopic pole from Home Depot or something. Pretty much the same price and you get something lighter and longer than a broomstick.

Definitely going to need a shock mount of some kind or you are going to get mad handling noise! 




 The I/O setup is great! It definitely looks like they heard the complaints about Audio input for the other cameras. No meters and all that. Now they have huge meters and you can see the waveform, I'll be able to check levels on camera from across set, or from a plane.   Crazy, but awesome.  




 I started on the 744t and it is awesome. But it has some limitations . For starters, you need to pair it with a field mixer like like the 442 or 552 in order for it to be really useful. And the end result is a 4-track recorder.

Where as the 664 is a Mixer with a built in recorder. It still has timecode, it has a much quicker UI and a lot more Input and Output settings. It is shipped as a 6 track recorder but with a newer firmware update, is capable of having 12 iso tracks, which is amazing for the price.  I find it to be a lot more User friendly than the 700 series Sound Devices. And compared to a 744t/552 package is it cheaper and has more iso tracks.

One of the downsides is it is powered by 5 AA batteries that last all of about 1.5hr. But that is because AAs are only there to play backup to your external power, like a battery distribution kit. 

All together, the 744t running off the Sony rechargables will probably put you at a $5000. And the 664t with the very necessary battery distro pack would put you at about $5200. It is a much better deal.  




 Definitely one of the reasons H4ns are prosumer. But for a lot of people on this form they only budget a few hundred for sound equipment and the Tascam and h4n are their best bets. 

I'm running a Sound Devices 664, but that is a whole other level of investing haha 
























 Ebay is a great idea!  Loads of awesome stuff on there, and people are constantly selling pro gear for amazing prices. However! Do your homework, because counterfeit products are out there!  




 Easily the best investment you can make for your kit. They last a few hours, charge fairly quickly and they can easily power wireless kits as well. Reduces stress and budget. 




 Well damn. Looks like I'm out of a job.  





























 Thanks so much everyone! 




 I'm working on a shoot in August that has a pretty intense pool scene and Post guy and I thought it might be cool to capture some underwater sounds. That being said, I have no idea what that might sound like, or how I would go about capturing it. I did some research, but I thought I'd ask some of the Pros. What do you all think? 




 DMP looks awesome! Thanks for the suggestion! 




 Could you post the code or the program you made? That is awesome! 
























 Saw that your budget was 2k so CUB-01 is completely within budget. 
So below someone mentioned planting Lavs around the car. This is a great idea, and with a recorder like the Zoom h6 (which has six isolated tracks instead of two on the H4n) you could separate each lav from one another in post, so when you go to mix your dialogue each lav is isolated from each other. You can definitely get a Zoom H6 and three lavs for under 2k.
I find that the CUB-01 is great for planting right above the mirror of a car. Fairly naturally sounding and its definitely a great option for the front two passengers.  




 Well I think the dream for every indie filmmaker is to get good quality audio out of cheap gear. 
I think one of the best mics for the job is the Sanken CUB-01. Renting it would be your best bet.
However if we are going super cheap there are other options. But I want to make it clear, that cheap will not sound as good. And because everyone always says " well that's okay" the difference between good audio and amatuer is right here. 
If you are using iPhones as recorders the Rode Smart lavs might be an option for miking talent.  If you are using the iPhones built in mic than put it back in your pocket because that will sound like shit.
If all you have is the one Rode video mic your best bet is to plant it somewhere in the middle of the driver and passenger seats. If you have to plant them out of frame angled towards different seats. Do you have any type of recorder? 




 I'm new to the game of freelancing and the real world in general (I just graduated). I'm starting to get gigs fairly regularly, and I want to get my taxes in line sooner than later.
Any advice on the subject?
I'm considering forming an LLC, does any one have experience with doing that or know of the benefits of it?

 




 Oh god. Seems like a great opportunity to teach your utility the importance of cable cleaning.  





























 Right into his ear. 




 JW Sound Forum has a used section.
So does B H, TrewAudio and I think TAI Audio.
I also stumbled across this group on facebook, which posts used stuff all the time. Not sure if this group link will work, but give it a try.
Facebook group for used gear.(https://www.facebook.com/groups/6814558628/)
University websites and craigslist are also an option. You're kind of looking for Pro-sumer audio gear so that sorta stuff pops up all the time. 

I think for about $500 you could find a combination of new and used gear to fit your needs, if you can afford to wait for good deals.  




 Your best bet is to buy used if the ntg2 is too expensive. Plenty of used recorders go for cheap on eBay, and other used equipment sites. But I wouldn't bank on spending less than 500 for the whole kit.  




 The way that NiMH batteries discharge makes it impossible for most devices to give an accurate reading of battery life.  So it might even read 100% and die a minute later. At a Lectrosonic event, they described the difficulty that, the change in charge of a lithium ion battery dropping from 100 to 99 was greater than the change in a NiMH from full to empty. 
 




 It sounds exactly like the picture regardless. 




 If comteks are way out of your range, I've used a Sennheiser G3 connected to a headphone preamp in video village. Worked great for a few gigs, but it means the headphones are tethered to video village.
 This happened to work well at the time because it cost me $20 to rent a G3 and the clients and scripty where also at video village. 

Here's the headphone preamp I used.
Pyle-Pro PHA40 4-Channel Stereo Headphone Amplifier
 https://www.amazon.com/dp/B003M8NVFS/ref=cm_sw_r_awd_VIAqub0AH284G 









 Spend some money on a decent harness. Portabrace makes a cheap one. It will save your back. And it will make you feel like John McClane

http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B0010BZKFI?pc_redir=1408585832 robot_redir=1 




 Between the two I think you will enjoy the 633 a little more. I agree the noise floor on the 633 is a little louder, but over all it shouldn't be too much of a deciding factor for you. It's a great recorder, that's compact, super easy to use and well built. The SD 600 series reminds me a lot of the 552 or 442, built like tanks, they will last. I use the 664 for my kit and I fins the user interface to be much more streamlined than the 700 series recorders. 
 




 I attended a lectro event in Chicago and their representative promised that the L Series would be within about 200 to 300 of the 400 series pricing. For example he said he didn't believe the new LMb pack would go for more than 1000, and he also hinted at a drop in pricing for the old LMa packs.  




 I think to keep it in budget get the Rode lavs with the XLR adapters. That should work best. The countryman b6 or the sanken cos11D are also great lavs but I think would it would put you over budget and the rodes are surprisingly good. 
























