









 Is your friend on Reddit? You mentioned it was inspired by depression, which is the main reason I like it; I have clinical depression, too. I'd like to know the story behind it if he's comfortable sharing.  









 Might become a tattoo of mine.  




 Want. Where can I find it? 




 "Look! One's an innie and one's an outie!" -family guy 









 you're* 









 I want one! 




 She's not in the kitchen. 




 The pic reminds me of AC3. 




 Why is this a thing?! 









 I'll allow it. 
























 Mine is an 08. 














 Your friend, sir, is a bad ass. 









 Congrats man stay strong! 




 I'm so sorry for your loss.  









 I'm 27. Legend of the hidden temple was a popular gameshow for kids in the early/mid 90s. 




 As someone who comes from an entirely Jewish family, I just want to say thank you. 














 Captain Power and one of his nemeses (whose name I cant remeber...lord dread, maybe?) 




 Yeah I'm on medication. It took years to figure out what worked. But life is pretty good now. I hope your friend gets the help he needs. Tell him I'm rooting for him. I'll definitely let you know if I get his drawing as a tattoo. Does he have any other drawings? 









 You are truly a saint. 
























 I feel your pain. 




 I'm glad someone else has seen this commercial. I thought I was going crazy. This is by far the creepiest commercial I've ever seen thigh. 




 Haha I noticed the toy in the background after I posted the pic. It's part of a toy phone. 














 I'm sure I could find a few. They have all kinds of outdated tech hiding around the house. 









 I want one of those! 









 You should post this in r/earthporn 




 Well excuse me. I only use Reddit on my phone, and am still fairly new to it, so I'm not boned up on the etiquette. 














 @angrybane: yep, in a parking garage 









 ZING! 
























 Story of my life. 




 Well played, sir. 




 I actually did that a few years ago. Clearly doesn't for the context of the movie. Any idea where it's from? 




 Godspeed. 



















 Dude (or dudette)..you are freaking talented, my friend. 




 This needs more upvotes. 














 That, or it's the continental drop off. I saw something similar while deep sea fishing of the Florida keys. 




 Took me a second. Realized it's the 3 Stooges. 




 Yes. Yes you do. 




 He then stood up and walked into the kitchen. 





























 ...well played. 



















 Great, thanks. I'll post this in the Atlanta and dragoncon subreddits this evening. 




 I'm sure there is, but I haven't looked.  









 I work with your brother at Jimmy John's. Small world. 




 Right on. Will do. 




 Sweet! I'll start a thread on r/Atlanta this weekend once I figure out a good time and place. 




 I'm thinking about organizing a Reddit meet-up at D*Con this year. Would you be interested? 




 I was considering organizing a Reddit meet-up for Dragon*Con. Would you be down? 




 All I used was a pair of scissors and my hands for the tearing. The rest was a lighter and ash. 














 Bahahaha 


































 Can I email you my resume? I've wanted to be a journalist as long as I can remember.  




 Bottom right photo 














 Genius. 




 Star wars, assassins creed, Batman, dragonball, mass effect. Just to name a few 




 Short dark hair, chin goatee 




 I felt the exact same way. You're not alone. 




 Thanks! Ill do some poking around. I'm into pretty much everything theme-wise. Scifi, fantasy, videogames, etc. 




 5'7, with a slight muscular build. 




 Do any of you guys have suggestions for budget friendly costumes for next year's Con? I'm having trouble coming up with anything good. Thanks! 

















































 What kind of stuff are you into? (Comics, movies, tv shows, etc) 




 Yeah, between the 45th and 42nd floor. I happened to run into him near the elevator lol. 




 Ron Swanson wearing a Ron Swanson T-shirt and kilt? 









 I saw a guy dressed like this at Dragon*Con this year. He happened to be a friend of a friend. 









 Please keep posting pics! I'm doing a Dark Knight Scarecrow this year. Simple, but effective. 




 You can always try elmer's glue (the stuff we used as kids). I've heard from folks with huge mohawks that it works. And you can always try styling a wig. I'm having to do that for my tetsuo costume. 




 Holy shit! That's awesome! I've been tossing around the idea of doing that kind of scarecrow, but yours is way more involved and detailed than I thought possible. 









 Every Reddit user in one picture. 









 My cousin designed that guitar. 





























 I thought there was only one super  star destroyer,  and it blew up with the second death star over endor. 




 so where can i buy these?  




 Holy fuck that's awesome.  









 I'll likely be cosplaying tetsuo again this year,  anyone willing/able to dress as kaneda? 




 Same thing with Michelle Pfeiffer's Catwoman. 




 Latex. Or vinyl.  




 What time?  




 That's exactly what it is.  A star wars (obviously)/akira crossover. 




 Thinkgeek.com 



















 They were found at a grocery store called...(drum roll please)...Giant Eagle. 




 No idea of the name of the shop. I'll try to find out for you :) 





























 What kind of paint and adhesives did you use?  




 Sure! What's your email? Feel free to add me on LinkedIn as well.  




 Right now, I'm at a b2b marketing firm working data entry. Ideally,  I'd like to stay in the marketing industry.  Looking for something entry level. I also have sales experience,  door to door marketing experience, and event marketing experience. College educated (bachelor's from Florida State), and more restaurant experience than is probably healthy.  




 Does anyone know of companies currently hiring full time? I'm working pains part time right now,  and I'm struggling.  I've been looking and applying in the meantime. 




 I read somewhere that the first full trailer for ep VII would be playing in front of Age of Ultron, so I'm wondering why I haven't seen any hullabaloo online. Was I mistaken? 









 under the word 'gettin' it says "chai" (pronounced like you're  hocking up phlegm). chai translates as 'life' in Hebrew 




 where can i buy the blue shirt?  




 I'm so jealous. hands down my favorite 64 game.  




 i *literally* laughed out loud.  




 Are you planning on making prints? My girlfriend loves these. 









 holy shit that's awesome 




 great job!  




 i dated a chick who's cat had downs syndrome. they're derpy as hell.  




 i thought everyone forgot about carter  
























 No. She just told me it's a prop for the LARP we go to. 









 You should check out Hush, too. 



















 I have the same one,  but it's green.  (Hence why i asked). I don't have the dust cover though. I'm not even sure where my copy came from. 




 Is the book itself bound in a green fabric like material?  
























 A) digging the hat and shirt.  Go noles! B) i went to fsu with his niece.  




 Who motivated him to make the order? And were his death and the discovery of Anakin connected or simple coincidence?  




 Who trained Palatine? 

How did Sypho Diaz (I'm sure that's spelled wrong) fit into the storyline prior to episode I, apart from placing the original order for the clones, and how/when did he die (other than being killed around the time Anakin was discovered. Are the two events connected)? 




 I'm a fan  (It's on fb, so it's official lol) 




 I clicked to share this and it said "share link". I chuckled.  




 Ouch bro. Ouch.  




 Fuck i literally thought of this earlier today 




 You could take it to a nearby college or museum for an expert to take a look at 




 OP, give me back my username!  




 Definitely the makeup. It's not as creepy,  but looks way more legit.  




 Looks awesome so far.  Please post more progress pics as you go!  
























