














 the ledgend of billy jean 




 home room 




 i actually plan to document it on mtg salvations and my lgs is tapped out trade wise its a small town in id i figure id have as much chance on the net as any and shipping isnt that big a deal  




 that would be the jist of it,  sorry for not elaborating i was typing it out on my phone 




 so i dont know how many people know what a pack to power is, but i am doing one, and i figured since my home town is tapped out i would try the wonderful redditors.  now im abit more ambitious as im trying to get all 9 as opposed to one peice and possibly a set of each duel any way you can find my pack with each trade here: http://forums.mtgsalvation.com/showthread.php?t=408779 














 op here:  I have several ideas for turn based rpg video game stories a few novel and screen play ideas 




 So Reddit this is my first post,  Im 28 living in a dead end town in Idaho, and i think it is slowly taking away my will to live,  i have a lot of ideas i want to get afloat but not the know how to do it.  i wish there was someway out can Reddit help me? 


































 all ten in a core set is not unheard of remember the pain lands? 




 in idaho where i am, they have abandoned trick or treating all together in favor of mormon kids lining up around cars at the mall and getting candy and businesses giving it out 




 very far shot, but the bat computer is a very powerful machine and the d.c.u. obviously uses alien tech, so i think that the bat computer and thus batman have access to Wikipedia in our world and thats how it has so much info on everything because its been written beforehand 




 my money is on the undertaker being he normally is around in the back, and vince would listen to him plus ive heard taker say hell in a hand basket lots of times on air 




 what part of idaho? 














 http://doaw.proboards.com/index.cgi 









 the best wrestling related troll ever 
























 i cant remember the last time an event was in boise not even a house show, but i think not having wwe 13 availible for purchase at any of the stores in my podunk town is the icing on the shit cake 




 no live events, no wwe 13 at any stores /rant 




 im a decent concept artist what kind of setting do you want? 




 i could do some concept art for ya whats the setting like? 




 thank you i appriciate the help :) 




 i can do the art and story and i pretty much have that done i cant do the programing as i dont know how to do it 




 actually i would like to work with them 









 foil Korean enchantress presences, serra sanctum full set of foreign Korean dark rits and bad moons 









 LOL I was at that park last night.  Most we ever have gotten was power drain from our instruments  




 I'm totally interested  
























 i would love to see it during onslaught block that just screams movie, its almost a Greek myth 




 walking dead
lost girl
the following
American horror story
being human (us) 




 the undertaker normally returns around royal rumble, what if he returns and costs rock the wwe title leading to rock v taker at wrestlemania 









 if taker were to "pass down his powers of the darkside" to a new talent who would you like to see and why 




 somebody i beseech you help i need a stream of raw and bollyrulez is down 




 ive got a set of paladins one is the buy a box
 




 im in idaho but i have no problem shipping
 




 hey everyone newbie here iv'e played before but never had my own clix, there is an interesting comunity where i play.  i did mainly play magic but the fnm scene is all but dead at my game store so im picking this up and i really like it.  so if anyone wants cards for clix i am all in 









 amazon is currently selling wwe13 for 29.99 i just picked up mine  





























 here are the other ones i have done http://imgur.com/a/GKkv2 




 sure ill upload here in a bit 




 tripple h= trips
alberto del rio = albert the river
sheamus= comfy shoe 
aj= shwing
mark henry= cool aid guy 




 nomadic elf from invasion and a ravnica island 




 http://imgur.com/Go01EVS  what do y'all think? 




 /r/mtgtournylve come or don't no pressure  




 discuss tournaments or deck critique  









 they use the lights, and each person they have attacked save ryback has had a beef with him previously
 




 what if the sheild is working for the undertaker as well as paul heyman? 




 say i have two wild beastmasters in play and i blood rush one of them do the effects of the blood rush continue to stack with the two beastmasters bouncing off of one another? 




 So heres the deal, i have never really lived in a larger city before and i have no idea what im getting into.  I am very into table top games and movies.  so with that in mind where would i go to meet like minded people and make new friends who are down to sling some cardbored or roll some dice? 
























 awesome when i clicked the tweet there was no pic still awesome though 




 i dont know how to post a screen shot of his twitter but he said he was doing something with sting in june anyone have any info on this? 









 i think the colors might be off lol 




 lol 




 i was figuring with a vote by the comunity as to what goes in  









 punk dissaperes into the earn comes back a month later claiming he has found a higher power, becomes a student of the undertaker, undertaker passes punk the dark powers 









 what if... and bear with me here, what if wwe is doing the things it does with john cena to anger the iwc?   what if all the superman stuff is to make cena a meta heel, one that is specifically pushed to make a certain fan base angry,  he is over with casual wrestlers yes but that was probably the plan all along, get over with the casual and do what ever you can to anger the smarks... eh just a thought 









 i really want to do commissions because it seems more fun than just drawing them and keeping them around lol 
























 i would disagree, wizards already puts out the basis for magic the gathering as an animated property with its set trailers,  animated does not necessarily mean for children,  look how clone wars is done or avatar,  you can have serious themes like war and politics with humor and it still be an amazing show.  that being said magic's already expansive cast of characters would be amazing on screen, plus planeswalker action figures 




 i was thinking more along the lines of a show based on the lore of the game as opposed to the game itself 




 So i was watching the mtg set trailers, and it made me want a magic cartoon series soooo badly.  does anyone else want one as well? 




 do yo think that there could be a viable t.v. series of fear street marketed to the older teen aged crowd?  ghosts of fear street is still my favorite series of books to this day 




 again when ours were opened i saw two u/b walkers come from the same pack and several other instances of random in the seed pack,  mine was random 




 saw one opened not two hours ago and a r/g pw and elspeth in it 




 those of you opening the pre-re packs they are random not predetermined like previously thought 




 its an animated short that feels very much like D d and its silent, i saw it posted here before but i cant remember the name 




 actually i do classic enchantress g/w with armadillo cloak and ancestral masks 














 i think he is a free agent 





























 Forgive my grammar first off. If rob zombie wanted to make a movie where the victim is the story he should have made it a spin off of his own universe. Instead he decided to take an established continuity and shit all over it  




 home room, very underrated classic 




 Do we know what the free games for march are? 




 i was reading Youtube comments and there was alot of hate for, can any of you give me the reason? 




 i wouldn't call her ugly,  she is one of the most beautiful people i have had the privilege to watch.  in a world so defined by outward appearance its refreshing to see someone with such an amazing personality  




 id say Halloween 5 after, Michael Myers gets shot to shit and such and falls into the river and the old guy finds him and nurses him back to health 









 Really wanting to break into that line of work,  Dont need to get paid.  just a way to the project.  sorry if i posted wrong i, wasn't sure how to make this kind of post 




 Hi im really bored, since i am in a terrible town in Idaho, and it is very cold outside, some company would be awesome,  im a bigger guy so there's the disclaimer, anyway interested pm me 




 echo mage clearly looks like the gay lawyer on spin city michael boatman http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0090225/?ref_=tt_cl_t2 





























 This makes little sense to me 




 Scantily clad girls simulating sex with pool toys 









 just curious  




 To become a voice actor  




 So im trying to get my main character to fight a monster for a coming of age story how does one get fights to happen?  thank you in advance 




 my local game store, and for dropping 8oz of mercury on the floor 




 any help would be awesome 









 So i am D.M.ing a game in Gotham city, where my players are police and other Gothamites, and though i have found a few decent songs for the world i was wondering if this fine community would be willing to offer some suggestions, also any thoughts on what system to use for said game would be very helpful  




 Victor tzass with a tweaked back story 




 Watch out for the nhk I think is what its called.  Its on Netflix 





























 Promo night of the white orchid
Managorger dragon
Honored hierarch 
Helm of the gods 
Flameshadow conjuring
Dark petition
Graveblade maurauder 
Herald of the panthion
Yavamya coast
Kothphed soul hoarders
Foil dwynenvgilt- leaf daen 









 I don't like bringer for scarecrows crone is strictly better and doubles as a draw engin 




 Scarecrow is amazing combo off with reapee king scarecrone and grim popet 




 Justice league gods and monsters premiers today 




 I have a poster from LA slasher signed by Andy dick 




 Great kahli cause he's BONKERS  









 Idaho 




 Blue and orange lol 




 Potatoes 





























