 If I was a rich man a large portion of my money would be spent on paying Sir David Attenborough to read me books and narrate my life. Id live in borderline poverty for that shit. 




 It's right outside my house!!! I live by hove lawns  


































 Vaginas.....they've all got one 




 Fuck yeah, that is so hot. 
























 one would like to ask permission to put the other fist in m'lady. 

Hmmmm, I'll allow it.  




 It's a new type of weed called extreme sticky nuclear waste nightmare skunk, it's well nice 




 NorTHUG LYF 





























 Bacon. That is all 




 That dude is the last person you would want to be stuck with on a night out.  
























 Back door BBQ sluts 5 




 I can clearly see this is where the dicks hang out 




 I'd bang her so hard that time would reverse all the way back to before OP was born. then I could bang her and poke OP in the head with my thunderous shlong thrust.  





























 Some how he gets away with it. I'd totally pay to see that ha 




 I have 2 extras I don't need, I'll donate him them if he wants some back.. 
























 Still though.....*zip* 




 Back door sluts 9 




 Uk here. There's an urban legend of a mutant moon faced lizard man that's steals from everything in sight, what makes it worse is he only targets poor people. He has a habit of dwelling in London only revealing himself when no one wants him there, the stupid cunt sometimes goes by the name David Cameron 
























 Any tips on creating textured sounds? Your pretty fucking great at making really thick sounding textures man. 




 All it takes it a weighty flick to the centre of one of said nuts for this to never happen again.. 




 Still a fucking v8. In the uk my first car was a 4 cylinder 1.3 litre Renault.. 
























 Black pudding is needed!! 




 Well if it isn't the funnest police  




 Crack. That shit is morish.  





























 ):-(| 




 Sheriff Lobo 




 Shit man, me too. She was so hot..I was 16 at the time and could have easily lost my v plates then, didn't end up losing it until I was 18 after she broke up with me with some other girl...7 years later we bumped into each other again though, got drunk and fucked like rabbits for a 2 days. Jackpot my friend. Friggin jackpot  




 Name? 




 Had horrible anxiety about myself and other issues last year. 

Met a girl who suffered from the same issues

Fell madly in love

Both are now so much happier, mentally a lot healthier. Love her so much

bought a ps4
 




 I don't know..I'm English and I stink of shit constantly  




 Look at beeeewwwbs!! 




 Out partying at gay pride in Brighton with my friends. The main party happens in a big park. I ran into a small bush to have a pee, only to run straight into the middle of a gay orgy. Literally 8-12 naked men going at it at 2.30 pm on a Saturday.  




 'Murica! 
























