 Yes. Especially in a free state like the US, and much of the world, where military service is volunteer based. Perhaps you disagree with the government's use of military force, but you can still support and wish the best for those that volunteered to put their life on the line. 




 1900's like entire century or 1900's like 1900-1909? 




 I absolutely love the show. The writing   acting is fantastic. Each episode keeps you on the edge of your seat and the plot moves along too, it doesn't get stagnant. But I talk to friends and most haven't even heard of it and those that have, haven't seen it or know much about it. And I didn't hear much of anything regarding it leading up the Emmy's. What gives? 














 I want to make a simple bar graph using data across several 8 different sheets. All it is a numerical value in cell H2 of each page. I just want each of the 8 values to be a column in the graph. How do I do this? 









 Will trade other books, money or pay shipping! 


































 I just got Amazon Prime so now I have access to all the past HBO shows. I haven't seen any HBO besides GoT, so I was wondering what I should start watching first. 







































 If you ship commodity cards, are they then also able to be used in the end game scoring of the bonus tiles that give you 3 points per shown commodity? Or can you only score those if you take the seaport action to lay those in your player area? 














 "I want to make a gif of that Charlie Murphy skit with Rick James when he's stomping on the couch saying "F YO COUCH" but replace the couch with waffles and update the text accordingly. However I don't have the technology available on my phone." This is a request from my dear friend and I want to make this for him. It's the US game today and his birthday. Is this possible?! 














 My goal is to highlight the whole row based off Column B being greater/lesser than Column C, but excel always interpets Column A (which is words) as greater than the any numerical value. So it'll will never highlight Column A when B is less than C. 

[Here is my example](http://i.imgur.com/kOgkm76.jpg). I'd like each row to be uniform.  




 Hey, I'll be in Dublin this Friday - Sunday and was wondering if there's any pick up ultimate around the city?  














 I'll be backpacking Ireland for 12 days this summer and I was wondering what the best options would be. I'd like to buy a package ticket if possible. It seems Bus eireann and Irish Rail are the two main systems. Are there tickets that includes a pass for both? 

I'll be going from Dublin to, Wicklow, Kilkenny, Waterford, Cork, Kinsale, Killarney, Kerry, Galway, back to Dublin.  









 I don't want to spend a ton of money. It'll be my first bike, but I want something more than a rusty bucket off CL. When I'm looking used, what brands should I keep an eye out that offer a reliable "starter" bike? Can I get anything decent for $200-$300?  



















 I'm just looking for a place to crash in Dublin for a night or 2 while I start my backpacking through Ireland! I'm real easy going, looking to meet some awesome people and experience the Irish culture! I can cook too! 



















 I'll be going off to Ireland for 12 days in a month. Basically making my way from Dublin, around the southern coast, up to Galway. I've heard the public transpo is pretty good in Ireland. What's the most bang for my buck and best routes to take along the way? Thanks! 



















 When you add a new family member, will they only need 1 food for the next harvest, or will they only need 1 food if they were 'born' in a harvest round? Say, I added a family member in round 12, at the round 13 harvest would they cost 2 or 1 food? 









 Am I missing out if I stop now? I can't remember the last time I ever quit on a book, but I can't remember ever being less drawn into a book. What do people think of this book? 




 So I just got Tzolk'in yesterday and I am exciiited. I'd love to paint the gears, but I've never done any miniature painting or anything like that. What do people recommend to use in terms of paints, brushes etc? No clue where to start 




 I'm running into problems with Atlanta, specifically the Connect All Tiles bonus. I'm reaching one gray to another and various points along the outside. Every tile is connected through the tiles somehow. I don't get why it keeps failing 




 I've never backed anything on Kickstarter. Prices can be so much higher than what a typical game costs, I have trouble justifying the investment on something I've never seen. So I was wondering how other gamers look at Kickstarter. Have you backed games on Kickstarter? Have you regretted any? Great experiences, bad experiences? What's the general flow like when you back something? 




 I typically like medium to heavy strategy games with minimized luck (terra mystica, eclipse, castles of burgundy, suburbia etc). If the game has a stronger thematic play to it, then all the better, but not crucial.  












































 I definitely don't need something huge. I'll be staying in hostels/hotels every night, so no camping eqpt needed. I was looking at the Osprey Stratos 36. Seems light, accessible and organized. Any others I should check out? My main wants are light, organized storage areas and 35-40L. 




 We have a group that regularly gets together for board game nights and we were more than happy to help out and teach them (anywhere from high school to college) games! It was a lot of fun. [**Here's what we were able to muster up**](http://i.imgur.com/vfEVqzK.jpg) 

Favorites of the night were King of Tokyo, Pandemic, Dominion and Burgundy. Pretty much all of the people were new to games, so they didn't get into the heavier stuff. We're going to try to do this every 1 or 2 months, so we hope it continues! 









 Any recommendations on hostels in Dublin, Galway and if there's any around cork, killarney, limerick or brunner would be much appreciated. I always just like to look at forums and not just review sites, since there's so many paid reviews nowadays. Thanks! 




 I'm planning a trip to Ireland and trying to decide whether to use a tour (likely Go Ahead Tours) or just backpack it. People that have done tours of Ireland, is it worth it? Would I be better off planning it myself? 









 My pipes froze 3 weeks ago during the blizzard. The cold water pipe has not worked since and yesterday the hot water froze too, nothing comes out. They have still not come to fix anything. Came home from worl today to find ice formed in a bowl and all along the hose attachment. They refuse to fix anything, saying the city isn't giving enough pressure (no neighbor is reporting this, we checked) and won't raise the heat. Several of the apartments have dogs. They are threatening to file litigation against anyone who doesn't pay rent or tries to break lease and move out. I'm still holding on to my rent money. 


tl;dr - do NOT move into one of their buildings. 

Pictures:

http://i.imgur.com/EMRoRjfh.jpg   (Note the faucets are on and no water)
http://i.imgur.com/NNwx8u2h.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/aWjtXqzh.jpg
 




 So basically, I'd like to conditionally format cells in a chart based on their adjacent cell. Some if it is simple: For instance if the cell in Column C says "Total" I'd like the text in the same row in Column D to be bold with a green fill. Is this possible? What formula would I use? 




 I should clarify...actual specific classes within sites live Kahn Academy or edX 









 I'll be staying on Yonge st for the weekend and was hoping to catch the NFL playoff games on Saturday. Any good places within walking or quick cab ride distance? I heard Sports Centre cafe is decent? 




 So I haven't gotten Fifa since 11, well before this new manual tackling was implemented. I overpursue every player with the ball, constantly whiff with the tackle button. And holding contain just keeps him a few yards off and generally lets the guy go right by him if he makes a sprint. I'd love some tips, cuz I am just not used to this and it is frustrating as hell.  









 Simply put, I thought every character in the book was profoundly unlikeable, and while I generally enjoy Kundera's prose, I felt this book overly disjointed. I'd love to hear other peoples' thoughts on Tomas, Tereza, Sabina, Franz, the ending, the philosophy of the book, dreams or anything else.  





























 I'd prefer to keep it under the $20, or at least real close. I have lots of medium to heavy strategy games, so I'd like something lighter anywhere from 2-6 players.  




 Keith Law is one of espn's lead baseball guys, has a pretty big national following and is a huge boardgame fan. He updates this list annually and included a couple 2013 releases including Bora Bora. He puts in some pretty nice summaries and full reviews if you follow the links.

http://meadowparty.com/blog/2013/12/06/top-50-boardgames/ 














 I don't have a fortune to drop $300, $400 or more on a Dyson animal vacuum, so what would people recommend for the best bang for the buck on a good vacuum for pet hair (I have an Aussie) in maybe a $100-$150 range? 









 My friends and I played our first 3 player game last night and I have some questions with problems we ran into. I started on the West Coast in Vegas and quickly fell behind as it was very expensive to span out, and my buddy found cheap expansion in the midwest and I could never really catch back up, because later I was completely blocked from expanding East as all the cities had 2 houses on them. This leads to my other question...the Step 3 card is at the bottom, and we had 2 houses on every single city in our 3 areas (the other 2 people had built 16 each), but we still had lots of power plant cards to go. So we spent several rounds simply holding auctions/passing on auctions, collecting resources   money. Until we got to the Step 3 card, built a bunch of houses and the game was over. Is this normal?
 




 Does anyone know where I can find this? Or even better, does anyone have a copy they want to sell?? 




 Hey, I have a 4 year old dog that doesn't do great with other dogs. Do people have recommendations for a training school or an individual dog behavioral therapist?  




 I have a 4 year old mini australian shepherd. He's fantastic with people. Loves em all. However, he doesn't do well with dogs. He gets uber-excited when he sees them and immediately tries to sprint right at em and jump on em (I'm 99.9% sure it's playing). This freaks other dogs out and they growl/bark/snap at him, which then scares him and makes him defensive. I know he needs to be socialized more, but I can't because of this and friends with dogs won't bring their dogs over or really want him at their house. 

I was thinking about bringing him to a doggy day care for some immersion therapy but I don't want him to end up being crated the entire time because he can't get along with any dog. What kind of tricks or training things can I do?

TL;DR my dog sucks with other dogs, need training advice 









 http://i.imgur.com/j5A7h74.jpg

Tip of the cap to Z-Man games. This game is beautiful. The colors are vibrant, the board is thick (even the back of the gameboard has great artwork!) and everything feels of top notch quality. Any helpful tips so I can reign supreme in my group?? 














 Edit: for some questions: I'm not looking to sell em. I'm moving, they're broke, if some of my buffalo friends want me for parts or paper weights, just come pick em up! For what's wrong with them: Xbox boots up immediately to red light (also the pop-in hard drive from the side/top is gone). The PS3: when it turns on it beeps, blinks a green light a few times then shuts off as it blinks a red light then stays off.  
























 Helicopter: http://i.imgur.com/jXmpiQk.jpg

Kid: http://i.imgur.com/a0r3iAo.jpg 




 Kid: http://i.imgur.com/a0r3iAo.jpg

Helicopter: http://i.imgur.com/jXmpiQk.jpg
 




















































































 So I have the client downloaded for brettspielwelt and a decent amount of the time I'll have serious lag. It'll be someone's turn and then just nothing happens...no turns are made, I can't click anything, I can't type a message and there is nothing wrong with my internet connection. Has anyone else experienced this? Any solutions? 









 So I just got Twilight Struggle and have unbowed and am looking through the rules, and I just want to clarify something on placing influence tiles in a region. 

So if the enemy has influence or control in a country, can I gain control simply by placing more influence tiles? Lets say my enemy has control of Cuba (3) and I over a course of some turns place 6 influence, do I gain control? Can it be better to do that, if possible, over rolling for realignment or coups?  














 My friends and I are setting up our first game of Agricola and playing the family variant. Is it possible to bake bread in this or can you only do that through the improvement cards? 

Any other tips to playing our first time? Common things that confused you guys the first time around?  




 So my friends and I have no played Eclipse twice and loved it. However, it seems to me both games progressed very peacefully then the end of the final round and it blew up into a massive onslaught on each other for  a few high valued hexes. It made the game seem very "last round dominant" if that's a thing. Has anyone felt the same while playing the game or are we just bad it? Is there a way to get to the game to progress so the first 8 rounds don't just feel like a set up for the final 9th round where everything was decided? 




 My friends and I love the German style strategy games and have played a ton of settlers, Puerto Rico, Dominion, 7 Wonders and eclipse (played for the first time a few days ago and loved it). Now it's pretty much my overdue turn to contribute a game and by and large everything I've read for these three games are all positive reviews. I'd like to find a balance of complex, randomness to encourage replayability, and something that doesn't take crazy long like an Eclipse or Through The Ages. Just looking for basic pros and cons, personal experiences with the games, and what not. Thanks! 
























 I was at Z-Man VIP Table Top Day. I have two extremes of feedback. 


First, I absolutely loved Pandemic: The Cure. It was fun, quick and super engaging. All around great time. Will be an insta-buy in the coming weeks of availability.


Secondly, Contagion was possibly the worst game I've ever played. It's not Pandemic. They branded it as such for marketing. It was dull, repetitive, slow and I couldn't wait to be done playing it. 




 Did Rampage get pulled back or have to be re-branded due to copyright? I thought I had heard something about that 




 My collection is chalk full of pretty heavy euros. I'd like to start adding some more 'fun' games into the collection, along the lines of King of Tokyo or 1st   Goal etc. I'd like an emphasis on more luck based, silly games just to get some laughs going. And I'm not looking for party games like Wits   Wagers or Cards against humanity 




 I think it's a must own for that very reason. It's not a must own because it's the best game ever. It's a must own because it's an easy game to teach people, get non-gamers in the door and experience the hobby a little.  




 I have 5 different Dominions and Trains. If you don't have Dominion in your collection, it needs to be. It's an essential game for board gamers. If it's definitely one or the other at this moment, go with Trains. There's more player interaction and some additional depth/more paths to victory due to the board. 


Rising Sun is an expandalone. Similar to Dominion: Intrigue, it fits in with the base game as an expansion, or can be played as it's own as it comes with all the components.


tl;dr You can and should have both. If you can't, I'd say Trains. 




 I thought the same thing exact thing. Either he copied that idea or this is some kind of repost 









 Can't believe I didn't think to check to see if that exists. Wow. Everything is on reddit! 




 oops, autocorrect I didn't notice. should be 'from a macbook purchase' 




 Sorry? 




 You bought all that in 4 months?? Holy crap dude. Were you playing Monopoly with real money on those boards? 




  American is don't care about brown squirrels 




 That would also be an accurate assessment of my statement haha 




 I'm not a huge fan of co-op games, but this is really fun. I had the opportunity to go to Z-Man's VIP Event for Table Top day earlier this year and got to demo this. Definitely recommend it, especially if you like co-op games at all. Lots of fun! 




 I played Contagion at Z-Man's VIP TableTop event. It was probably the worst thing I've ever played.  




 ITT: Moist 




 Ha, not a problem. Can't go wrong either way! 




 That is just not reich. 




 I didn't draw any generalization from my comments. I just said that in this book, the characters were so horrible, they made the book cringe-worthy for me.  




 I don't think you should read Office Lover Boy to your daughter. Seems inappropriate.  




 I was on a huge kick, running through 20th century literature earlier this year and was loving reading and re-reading some classics. Then I got into **The Unbearable Lightness of Being by Milan Kundera.** Ugh. I couldn't stand anyone in the book. They all seemed some shamefully dramatic, trivial and annoying. I couldn't get with it. Cringed until the end.  




 A Few Acres of Snow 




 Memoir '44 is fantastic and often mentioned in these discussions.

I'm also a HUGE fan of A Few Acres of Snow [SU SD Review Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0YB9-yyke0).


1775: A Rebellion is also loads a fun, a great wargame. 2 players, but can scale up to 4 as well as pairs of 2 work together vs each other.  




 Would it be gay to write you a song? 




 /r/titlegore. 


And YOU said something horribly awkward. Use the penguin. 




 I don't want to alarm anyone, but there's a horse in that car.  




 I dunno. A pussy riding an orange dick is pretty sexual if you ask me. My pants are starting to turnip.  




 [Just a compliment for you](http://s3.amazonaws.com/data.tumblr.com/tumblr_l8avjbXTeU1qb41abo1_1280.png?AWSAccessKeyId=AKIAJP67HANH6OVWEMMQ Expires=1413304580 Signature=uMqE2xOV%2FOAOsINkqeOC%2FoFaSBo%3D#_=_) 




 [better perspective](http://drupal.in-cdn.net/cdn/article/public/moving_to_france.jpg) 




 I like to hug people and then whisper in their ear, "mmmm you smell like my mom." 




 Sup? 














 Yes you are. 




 Holy fuck you are one spoiled, ungrateful brat. 


Get off reddit and go study some fucking geometry and be grateful you have a Playstation to be taken away.  




 I don't think you know what ambiguous means.  




 Insects or Ants. 

There aren't enough of "regular" animals like lions and tigers and bears oh my to make any difference. We could kill them quick enough. If insects and/or ants went bloodthirsty zombie crazy. Game fucking over. 

Unidan [wrote a post about this once](http://www.reddit.com/r/FutureWhatIf/comments/1gimyb/what_if_suddenly_every_insect_on_the_planet_made/caks2t8) (sans zombie spin) 









 Touch literally anything. Everything is covered in poop and germs. Especially your phone and keyboard.


I probably got ebola just typing this. Let me check CNN...


*EBOLA: THE ISIS GERM OF YOUR KEYBOARD?"* 




 *Leslie Knope fantasies* 




 I listened to the Secret Cabal review the Abyss, and it sounded like a lot of fun and they raved about the artwork (which does look awesome). But it's $47 on Amazon. $40 +shipping on CSI. I have a hard time moving on a card game at that price. Has anyone played it? Worth it? 




 /r/titlegore 




 Yes 




 [the moon is with you Egypt!](http://offcolortv.com/offcolortv/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/Moon.gif) 




 Fuck, that was painful to read.  




 "Hey can i swap that ranch out for blue cheese?"

*"Get the fuck out!"* 




 Friday the 31th.  




 Your problem probably starts somewhere around calling them bitches 




 Thank you! 









 ProTip: Humiliating students is not the best way to educate them. Professors generally care about that. 

Source: I have common sense.  




 DON'T YOU KNOW THAT'S POISONOUS?! 




 Shabbatman Shalom! 




 I'm not totally sure if I was staring into that for 30 seconds or 30 minutes. And where the hell are my pants?? 




 Or maybe just *this* DJ is stupid.  




 http://i.imgur.com/hxCrx50.jpg 




 Oh shit. 




 http://i.imgur.com/03y3pov.jpg 




 We had a safety in our game (yardage took offense into their own endzone) but they also rolled for a turnover. How do we score that? Is it actually a touchdown for the defense, or just a safety and offense punts?  




 No idea. I'm sure there's some reason. At some point I'm sure it came down to 'can we make more money by re-broadcasting this British show or re-creating it ourselves' 




 This will probably get buried, but can everyone stop getting butthurt about Americans remaking Utopia?? The issue is not if the original is good enough as is, the issue is ACCESS. The vast vast vast majority of Americans do not have access or aren't technologically savvy enough to find access to Utopia. My parents sure as shit aren't going to find torrents to download, but they'll watch the show when it's broadcast on HBO.  




 well it seems like the biggest difference is the extra shield people get at lvl 20. and the skip boost thing allows them to disappear/appear rapidly. And they have better guns.  




 I'm at level 15 right now, and the Crucible was fairly frustrating as I would get rocked by lvl 20-25+ players with more abilities than I have. So I was excited when I logged in today and saw the 'CLASH' sector that says 'Level Advantages Disabled.' I entered a match, and it was the same exact thing. People were level 25-28, had over-armor and boost abilities that I didn't and I got rocked again. What's the deal with CLASH? The level difference is really really annoying, makes me not want to get into the game at all 




 Word Word 




 Maybe you don't take it seriously enough, mudblood 




 Hooch is crazy! 




 Well fuck me. I'm like weasley on the first day of spells class. Word up, Hermione.  




 These instagram filters are getting legit 




 I'm aware. 




 Who the fuck Harry Potter knowing wannabe made the subtitle for this? That is literally the exact fucking opposite spell that should be here. Literally say anything else except the one fucking spell that holds off dementors. Fucking 'levioso' would make at least 1% more sense.  




 Came here to say exactly this. That's just mean.  




 Link.  




 Happy Shmfone Month!! 




 [Mississippi Queen, you know what I mean](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFhM1XZsh6o) 




 Yea, unfortunately I started awhile ago on my iPad, and installed the game on my android phone last week in hopes to play there. Guess it's not to be.  




 Im sorry, but I dont want to be an emperor. Thats not my business. I dont want to rule or conquer anyone. I should like to help everyone - if possible - Jew, Gentile - black man - white. We all want to help one another. Human beings are like that. We want to live by each others happiness - not by each others misery. We dont want to hate and despise one another. In this world there is room for everyone. And the good earth is rich and can provide for everyone. The way of life can be free and beautiful, but we have lost the way.


Greed has poisoned mens souls, has barricaded the world with hate, has goose-stepped us into misery and bloodshed. We have developed speed, but we have shut ourselves in. Machinery that gives abundance has left us in want. Our knowledge has made us cynical. Our cleverness, hard and unkind. We think too much and feel too little. More than machinery we need humanity. More than cleverness we need kindness and gentleness. Without these qualities, life will be violent and all will be lost....


 The aeroplane and the radio have brought us closer together. The very nature of these inventions cries out for the goodness in men - cries out for universal brotherhood - for the unity of us all. Even now my voice is reaching millions throughout the world - millions of despairing men, women, and little children - victims of a system that makes men torture and imprison innocent people.


To those who can hear me, I say - do not despair. The misery that is now upon us is but the passing of greed - the bitterness of men who fear the way of human progress. The hate of men will pass, and dictators die, and the power they took from the people will return to the people. And so long as men die, liberty will never perish. 


Soldiers! dont give yourselves to brutes - men who despise you - enslave you - who regiment your lives - tell you what to do - what to think and what to feel! Who drill you - diet you - treat you like cattle, use you as cannon fodder. Dont give yourselves to these unnatural men - machine men with machine minds and machine hearts! You are not machines! You are not cattle! You are men! You have the love of humanity in your hearts! You dont hate! Only the unloved hate - the unloved and the unnatural! Soldiers! Dont fight for slavery! Fight for liberty!


In the 17th Chapter of St Luke it is written: the Kingdom of God is within man - not one man nor a group of men, but in all men! In you! You, the people have the power - the power to create machines. The power to create happiness! You, the people, have the power to make this life free and beautiful, to make this life a wonderful adventure.


Then - in the name of democracy - let us use that power - let us all unite. Let us fight for a new world - a decent world that will give men a chance to work - that will give youth a future and old age a security. By the promise of these things, brutes have risen to power. But they lie! They do not fulfil that promise. They never will!


Dictators free themselves but they enslave the people! Now let us fight to fulfil that promise! Let us fight to free the world - to do away with national barriers - to do away with greed, with hate and intolerance. Let us fight for a world of reason, a world where science and progress will lead to all mens happiness. Soldiers! in the name of democracy, let us all unite!


Edit: [With Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcvjoWOwnn4) and [compilation video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WibmcsEGLKo) 




 Has anyone had problems with facebook log in not working on iPad? I click the button in setting and absolutely nothing happens. Can't sync across devices without this step.  




 Do bases prevent your opponent from combatting your authority or do only outposts do that? The rules say "you may use combat to attack your opponent or their bases." does this mean you always have the choice of which to attack or just that combat is used against those two things when needed during the game?  




 Well, first of all, they were tied for 3rd best record. And I would argue they won 96 games in spite of Fredi. He constantly mismanages the bullpen, puts out bizarre lineups, bats Ryan Doumit a thousand times, and overall makes poor decisions on a daily basis.  




 Ugh, that's what I was afraid of.  




 Chippewa cycle:

1. Open terrible club on Chippewa

2. ???

3. Close

4. Change name.

5. Repeat. 









 Holy crap, that is the worst search/select option I've ever seen. I got through a few, but having to find the correct Eclipse so I'm not voting for some peg game from the 90's and the correct entry of a few others with shared names, I think I'll just show up and see what everyone else painfully voted for.  




 I like those shelves. Where'd you get them? 




 You can just hit save ya know 




 TIL beer is not made from mercury melted through boiling unicorn tears, but is actually made with water and various ingredients such as barley and hops! 




 Every time I see Twilight Imperium, I think "damn that's a huge box."

Also, you got Five Tribes!! How is it?! 




 The Adventures of Skeleboner! Featuring his arch-nemesis Mangina! 




 ITT: OP's mom and penis jokes.  




 I've never heard of this. But it's $10. Is it worth $10?  




 aka How U2 became the most famous band in America. The more people that know about you = the more people that will love you and the more people that will hate you.  




 /r/Im3MonthsAndThisIsWTF 




 Luckily I was at work when I saw that or my curiosity wood have gotten the best of me for sure.  




 Psych! I've seen all the episodes so it's not overly distracting and it's great to hear the shenanigans of Shawn and Gus aka Black   Tan in the background. 




 What about swiftly swirling? 




 12/12 love every square 









 Buffalo here. Can I have some of those degrees? 




 How does this compare to other 2 player deck builders like Star Realms, Jaipur, Dominion, or others? 




 How many mirrors could a mirror mirror if a mirror could mirror two ways? 




 Ha, this is my favorite. This should be on one of those unsuspecting signs/stitched patterns where it looks sweet, but is actually a sarcastic message. 




 Our group has a rule of no new games for anyone after 10pm. We've found that if we teach a new game late, there's a good chance whoever is learning the game isn't alert enough to fully pay attention, they get grumpy, disinterested and end up disliking the game. So no new games on late nights! 









 Yea, I think the ally powers work sooo much better in Star Realms. I just feel like in Ascension, I'm buying cards at random every time. Just grabbing whatever I can afford to buy/combat every turn. But Star Realms really escalates with the ally powers and it's much more advantageous to do your best to stack up a color. And the bases are much more influential than a mechana construct or others in Ascension 




 This game is great. It gets compared to Ascension a lot, but I enjoy it far more. The 'factions' chain together much much better in Star Realms and there's far more interaction due to combatting each other (and not just the attacking the cards in Ascension).  









 Q-Tipping my ears 









 No. The FBI (and other agencies) go at identity thieves in a big way. The media just doesn't report on them unless it's a sexy story. ie the fappening, or something mega-scale that could effect the masses like the Target breach.  




 [Source](http://wittyandpretty.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/duck-lips.jpg) 




 For anyone that is STILL on the fence about Trains, /u/toddbarker and /u/Sven_Burger are absolutely spot on. Trains is super fun, can have a bunch of different ways to victory which is neat for a deck builder, and comes with a lot of cards in the base so it's always a unique experience. Get it! 




 Because it's your own stank. Sometimes it's less intense, sometimes it's more intense. Sometimes it's a little sweatier than other days. It's always an experience, and often an unpleasant surprise. But hey, it's your surprise.  




 Grade A tomfoolery.  




 She ain't no holla back juror 




 Haha yea it did 




  I'm, Christopher Walken, so, fuck, you.

FTFY 




 Sounds like a freshman had the genius idea for AskReddit to do his first homework assignment 




 *Just another morning at Michael Bay University* 




 Super confused by your reply.

*stares at own comment for longer than should admit*

ooooo. crap. 




 and everyone behind you in line hates you. order your coffee and get out.  




 Pleasantly cool while fully clothed. 

Take clothes off, go to bed under 1 thin sheet.

Boiling hot. 

Edit: I can't type for shit.  




 You don't always need a comma, in the middle of a sentence.  




 You must be fun at parties.  




 Yea, she was a sweetheart on Dexter too for the small role she popped in every now and then for.  




 If you have Amazon Prime, it's streaming there 
























 Yes. We know that. 




 http://i.imgur.com/zGHNzyG.jpg 




 Yup. 




 They should sell a Christmas 10 Pack BluRay Boxset of

* Die Hard
* Home Alone
* A Christmas Story
* Christmas Vacation
* Elf
* It's a Wonderfull Life
* Scrooged
* Miracle on 34th St
* Jingle All The Way
* Nightmare Before Christmas


**FTFY** 









 I feel like I've always seen it much higher than $55. Maybe I'm wrong. 




 [Robinson Crusoe](http://www.coolstuffinc.com/p/183523)

[Fortune   Glory](http://www.coolstuffinc.com/p/137274)


**edit** my bad, thought RC was a sale. 




 Snake Oil!

It's a lot like Cards Against Humanity but with a sales pitch. One person is the "customer" (aka they'll have a card that says 'babysitter,' 'engineer,' 'beggar' etc) and everyone else will combine 2 of their cards to make a product. So instead of everyone just laying their cards down and 1 person picking their favorite, everyone pitches their product to the customer! If you play it with the right group, it's fun as hell. 

**edit**: [and it's only $15](http://www.amazon.com/Out-of-the-Box-1869/dp/B00AEB1R66) 



















 Just pretend you're Australian and it's Dec 6 




 [YouTube link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60og9gwKh1o) 




  Baby dragon


FTFY 




 The only reason this should be wtf is if it was a gif and a fat woman riding a giant dildo burst out of the banana pile. 


Since it's not, fuck you OP 




 Not sure if OP is old enough to make comment about boobs, soooo...good luck on your future endeavors. Sincerely, sayoshinn.  




 OP, you are really asking it for it... 




 How often do you track how many friends you do and don't have on facebook at any given time??  




 I would like to throw a party for Kirby that's a big room of puddles for him to jump into and people to scratch his belly.  




 Maybe he's too dense to dance. 




 WHOA WHOA WHOA. This is not how Reddit works! You stick to your guns no matter how wrong you are and yell louder than everyone else! 




 I did not know you could do that. Cool! 




 I am with merqueen. When it comes down to it, yea Harry is the savior of the wizarding world (but not by any skill, genius or merit), he's just a kid. He's a teenager going through teenager shit. He's not the smartest, or the strongest or the fastest or cleverest. He's awkward, self-conscious, extraordinarily self aware and he's got a world of shit to deal with. Everything from trying to ask a girl to a dance from seeing friends murdered in front of him. But at the core he goes through things that teenagers go through, and through those tribulations he emerges [usually] victorious through his personal bravery, friends or simple dumb luck. If you're of a similar age, going through similar circumstances of self-doubt, awkwardness, often singled out and picked on, you look at Harry and think, "damn, I can do this too." 




 Wait, how are the Marlins so low? 




 Can someone explain this? 




 How the hell is this a confession bear? What's your next meme? An Awkward Situation Seal where you found out you donated the same amount of money to charity as your coworker? 




 In Soviet Russia, wall mount you! 




 This comment best. 




 *"Put the heat back in your bedroom"* 




 Haha nope, sorry 




 Maaaybe...narrow it down?? 




 I got a poem for my sprog! Thanks! 




 You've yelled that twice in this thread. You really like brojobs huh?? 




 Two girls flashing at camp? That's the start of a lot of pornos in lots of somewheres.  




 Fuckin Timmy 




 http://i.imgur.com/meAyRDZ.gif 




 When I was a counselor, I woke up in the middle of the night to take a leak. As I walked from the front to the back of the cabin, I noticed one of the top bunks where a camper (let's call him Timmy) should have been. Neither Timmy or his sleeping bag were on the bed. I peek out back, thinking maybe he went to take a pee and didn't tell me. Nope. Timmy's not out back. Maybe he went across the field to the bathrooms to take a dump? Go look out front. Peer across, no light on in bathroom building. But now I see a shadowy, hunched figure in the middle of the field. I approach, mag-lite, in hand. As I approach, the smell worsens and the faint sound of tears begins to become audible. I find little Timmy, alone in the athletic field, crouched in his sleeping bag full of shit. 

He had awoke that night and was too much of a pussy to walk to the bathroom in the cold, so he tried to hop in his warm sleeping bag. He couldn't make it fast enough and his body's need to shit soon overcame his weak mind. He stopped, dropped his pants (inside the sleeping bag) and shit inside his place of sleep. Once the relief of his massive shit passed, he realized what he had done, froze, and remained there in his humiliated tears for over an hour. He also peed. 

edit: gold cuz my camper shit himself in a sleeping bag?! thank you! 




 whoa whoa whoa that's not really a fair assessment. I think Markakis caught a ball last year.  




 ITT: People saying he could have spent more. Come on. How many stories of domestic abuse, drugs, DUI's, deadbeat dads etc among athletes come up?? And one stand up guy does something and you complain about the ratio of donation to salary?? $16,266 worth of toys puts a smile on a hell of a lot kids' faces.  




 You connect to people who have jobs so later when they want a new job they can ask you for an in at your job.  




 Markakis isn't getting close to $15mill a year so he wouldn't be a Lowe/BJ/Uggla situation. I'd guess he'd be looking at $8-10 mill? I wouldn't mind Aoki for the right price though. His LD% increased, and some peripherals like HR/FB and infield hit rate were actually lower than his first couple years. He doesn't strike out much either which is nice.  




 I tried to can into space once. It did not go well.  




 [How were the facts on Fox News today???](http://captainawkwarddotcom.files.wordpress.com/2013/08/mad-men-gif-not-great-bob.gif) 




 So you'd rather stick a minor leaguer that's not ready? Magically create a young stud RF that can develop in RF and hit his prime in 2017? Just bench every good player on lose every game until 2017? Put Jose Constanza in RF? You need someone to play there. There's no reason not to get a serviceable, veteran guy who can help mentor young players and won't (or shouldn't) cost that much. Let's be clear here. The Braves aren't turning into the Astros and tanking. They still want to be good, they just know the priority is rebuilding the farm system. Signing Markakis has absolutely zero impact on that. None. It doesn't hurt the team in any way.  




 Ah. the guy that throws out arguments without evidence, like "nothing more than an average MLB starter" (despite a 2.5 war last year) is suddenly Bill James. Play a sport once in your life before you think leadership is useless. Especially with a young team.  




 Have you ever played sports?? Leadership and clubhouse unity is incredibly important in baseball. Have a team with a bunch of kids that have gobs of money for the first time ever, are used to being the best and are now at the top of the baseball world and likely mightily struggling. The 'they're freaking adult baseball players, who cares about leadership' is the dumbest, most obtuse argument out there.  




 Fun until everyone starts rubbing their fingers along the rim of your glass. 




 He's a solid veteran leader to have around young guys and in the clubhouse. He improves the team's disastrous strikeout rate by giving a solid contact guy. Basically, see everything that /u/PM-ME-UR-PROBLEMS- said above.


And for your argument...show me where he's trending downward? You provide zero evidence. One could argue he's due for another increase in numbers. His BABIP last 2 seasons are well below his career norms, his K% has decreased, his contact rate has gotten better. If anything, the peripherals suggest he could improve his numbers. His LD% dipped in 2014 and his IFFB% jumped. So you could say that was an anomaly and will trend back to their respective means as well.  




 Player A: not on this team anymore so it doesn't even matter.
Player B: No one is pretending is a long term solution. And his numbers increased in 2014 from a poor 2013.  




 2014 Player Comparison

Player A: 573 AB / .271 AVG / .351 OBP / 735 OPS / 74 R / 155 H / 26 2B / 11 HR / 58 RBI / 67 BB / 98 SO

Player B: 642 AB / .276 AVG / .342 OBP /729 OPS / 81 R / 177 H / 27 2B / 14 HR / 50 RBI / 62 BB / 84 SO



Player A is Heyward, Player B is Markakis. Markakis makes better contact, strikes out less, and has just about the same line drive and HR rate. Markakis has slightly better numbers in O-Swing% and Z-Swing% and much better contact rates at O   Z-Contact% than Heyward. 

Yes, Heyward's defense more than makes up for any disparity at the plate (fangraps WAR for Heyward last year was 5.1 and Markakis was 2.5). But Markakis won't come with Heyward's price tag (after 2015) and gives us a higher contact bat in the lineup. Would I rather have Heyward? Yes, of course. But Markakis isn't bad. 









 i'm lvl. kcbarn 




 This happened in 2006! Here's [video proof for OP](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqXkLP7ZkU0) 









 How do I buy this?? 




 Fox News thinks that's too soon. 




 credit to /u/rkcr who had this idea in the thread of the Guardian article about 15 board games that make you a better person.  




 It wouldn't be the worst thing in the world if we traded him within the division. Generally when you make a trade within the division the price goes up. Could get an even better return on him. And then just throw him high fastballs 16 games a season.  




 I went to college with a girl who prided herself on being able to predict what type of food a guy had eaten the day before based on how their jizz tasted. She called it her "party trick." She was popular at parties.

**edit:** I don't think she could actually taste anything. I think she just liked dicks in her mouth. 




 My fault, you are right. He was just an out machine 




 On paper. And we had the 2nd worst offense, only to Padres, in all of baseball. Simba, CJ and BJ were strikeout machines. All of the infield, except Freddie, were black holes at the plate. Freddie slumped, didn't hit for power. Heyward got on base at a good clip, but didn't hit all that well. JUpton's numbers were buoyed by a few great streaks. One of which came in that big losing streak so it was wasted, not that that was any fault of his.

Why are people saying Chris Johnson was good at the plate this year???? Did you people watch games???  




 "Heyyyy...you!" 




 I think I just generally assume that places with the name of a person aren't owned by the most famous person with that name.  




 OP: "I'm from Canada" So? Is Newfoundland   Labrador only for dogs? 




 /r/Im14andthisisWTF 




 Where is the dog? Is it behind the paddington bear? 




 Well, I just went from real happy to sad in 3 pictures.  














 Where were the good hitters? 




 Hmmm, this was all what I heard on the news. I guess I'll go find some crow :) 




 74 inches in Buffalo in 24 hours is a US record 




 Once in a generation? Who the fuck is saying that? This is literally the most snow in US History in this time frame. 




 Hell yea. Keep on keepin on 




 Haters gonna hate hate hate hate hate 




 That's cool too. Everyone is different. 




 Hey man, it's the thought that counts.  




 Real men admit to whatever the hell they like 




 People need to stop looking at it like 'holy shit we traded heyward for shelby miller wtf.' 


Heyward has 1 year left on his deal, and by all accounts the Braves weren't going to be able to match what he may get on the market. Shelby Miller is young and, more importantly, has **4 years of control.** For GM's in baseball, money and contract control is HUGE. There's no way this trade would be done if each player had the same remaining contract length 




 Let go of the hate, man. Haters gonna hate hate hate hate hate. Shake it off.  




 This is the only comment that needs to be posted. 




 Samoyeds just always look like the happiest freaking dogs. Love those fluff balls 




 gasoline makes me run. back seat. trunk space. helllooooooooo.  




 I'm a grown ass man and I fucking love me some Taylor Swift. God dammit that girl can write a song. That said, I do think her decision to write a song about dog eating may have crossed a line. 


Edit for the haters: Real men admit to things that they like, whatever the fuck it may be. Life tip for guys: be confident in whatever you like, whatever you're into and own that shit. Chicks dig confidence, not name calling and poo-pooing other peoples' interests. 




 Your brother got ripped off. Those aren't boots or cars. 




 I'm downtown Buffalo. There's nothing here besides sunshine. It's crazy how the weather band is so exact. 5-6 feet of snow today in the Southtowns and nothing in Buffalo or Northtowns.  




 for people not living in WNY, that's a bit easier than saying West Seneca, East Aurora, Lancaster, Orchard Park etc. 




 Photo credit to [Mark T Branden](https://twitter.com/mtbranden) 









 Here's the article for those without insider:


Monday's trade between the St. Louis Cardinals and Atlanta Braves indicates the Cardinals are going all-in for 2015. 

Jason Heyward is just a year from free agency, but that one year will be a very valuable one, even if he just maintains the status quo. Getting away from the parade of dubious hitting coaches he worked with in Atlanta may help him unlock the still-untapped reserve of superstar potential in his bat. 

Heyward consistently rates among the majors' best defensive outfielders in terms of both advanced defensive metrics and traditional evaluations. A decent center fielder in high school, he outgrew the position but maintains the athleticism and strong reads that allowed him to play there as an amateur. He's a smart, disciplined hitter who gets on base at a good clip and doesn't strike out excessively, though he has had a lot of trouble maintaining a consistent swing around some shoulder issues; he often cuts off his load, producing too many ground balls with a shorter swing path. 

Oscar Taveras' death left the Cardinals without a clear right fielder for 2015, and this move locks down the position for just $7.8 million, making the team 4-5 wins better right away. It also gives the team the chance to work with Heyward and see if they can make him the MVP candidate most folks (myself included) expected him to become. 

The Cardinals also get two years' worth of right-handed reliever Jordan Walden, who throws a heavy mid-90s fastball and has developed a plus slider. According to pitch f/x data from baseballsavant.com, hitters swung and missed at one of every five sliders Walden threw in 2014, and put just 1.4 percent of them in play for hits. It's an ugly delivery, and he always has had command issues, but I believe the Cardinals have some kind of special fairy dust they sprinkle on relievers to get a little extra something out of them. And even if I just made that up, he'll give them 50-60 above-average innings of late-game relief work. 

[+] EnlargeShelby Miller
Jamie Squire/Getty Images
Atlanta-bound Shelby Miller posted a 2.92 ERA after the All-Star break in 2014.
For their trouble, the Braves get two premium young arms, one ready to step right into their rotation and one who immediately becomes the best pitching prospect in their farm system. Shelby Miller now has two solid, healthy seasons as a major league starter and won't be eligible for arbitration until after 2015. He seemed to find the perfect formula for his pitch mix in the second half of last season, working in his curveball more and using the four-seamer less; in turn he missed more bats, got more called strikes and cut his walk rate substantially. He's a mid-rotation starter at worst, as long as he stays healthy, and given his delivery and the evolution of his approach, I believe he can end up as a solid No. 2 starter. 

Tyrell Jenkins was the No. 74 prospect for me going into the 2012 season, then shoulder injuries robbed him of much of that season and 2013. But he came back healthy this year and was one of the best prospects in the Arizona Fall League. When I saw him there in October, he was 93-96 with good downhill plane, turning the pitch over quite well even at 95 mph, generating lots of ground balls. His slider was plus at 83-87, with curveball depth, and actually got sharper into his second and third innings. His changeup was fringy, straight at 86-88, effective because his delivery of the pitch is close to his fastball delivery, but lacking any life or action. He's as strong as ever, and his shoulder is the healthiest it has been in more than two years. A former three-sport star who had a football scholarship to Baylor, he repeats his delivery very well and has the aggressiveness you'd expect (and want) to see from a former quarterback. He immediately becomes the team's top pitching prospect and should be ready to begin 2015 in Double-A. 

The trade makes a ton of sense for both teams, although it's an acknowledgment on Atlanta's part of the weaknesses of the current roster and farm system and may not read very well to some of their fans. The Cardinals are -- and should be -- in win-now mode; they needed to upgrade their production on the corners and have some pitching depth to play with. As good a prospect as Jenkins is, he has thrown just 215 innings in the last three regular seasons combined and has never pitched a full, healthy season in pro ball. They can replace Miller in the rotation with one of Marco Gonzales or Carlos Martinez, assuming Michael Wacha returns healthy to be the fourth starter behind Wainwright, Lynn, and Lackey, and they have other young arms on the way. 

Atlanta was likely to lose Heyward after the season to free agency, and their farm system was left in terrible shape after former GM Frank Wren's tenure, so this deal helps restock their system with four more years of Miller and potentially six of Jenkins in exchange for one year of Heyward and two of Walden. Atlanta needed to make a trade like this to get younger and extract value from Heyward while they could. The Cardinals didn't have the same urgency, but they strengthened a weak spot on the roster and did so without significantly damaging their future. 




 Ooo sorry, didn't even realize that. pasted as a comment. 









 so in the cooker, toss in the rice and all this other stuff (olive oil when it's done), cover with water and go? 




 Are these separate recommendations or all at once?? 




 I love white jasmine rice, but sometimes it's a bit bland after awhile. What are some quick easy ways to jazz up the flavor it. I usually just throw it in a rice cooker and mix it up with what i'm eating or put some butter on it as a side.  









 Yea, I'd prefer to not fly from Norway to Holland. I'd love to take a ferry/bus/train to take in all the scenery. Do you know what to expect on cost getting from Norway to Holland by land? 




 and possibly Austria after Holland. 




 Yes! I played it earlier this year at a demo day and it's a lot of fun. I'm not even a huge fan of Pandemic or co-op games in general. But this game moves quick, it's easy to pick up, there's a very good balance of luck and strategy. I'd definitely recommend it, even more so if you're a Pandemic fan.  




 solution: kiss every girl in the room. you will have kissed the second prettiest at some point 




 Go to Barnes and Noble. Their website has it in stock as does my local B N store 









 5/7 would never finish 




  Debbie Boehner?

Juice her 




 Amy's looking good. I'd Poehler. 




 Thor has hands? 




 oh god, that website. my eyes.  




 Do you have lots of earthquakes or people that randomly come in and throw your board games everywhere but can't figure out rubberbands? 




 Ah that makes sense. MSRP slashed out, a few bucks less than amazon. Don't forget that shipping charge at the end on orders  $100 :) 




 Scoring is not opaque at all in Terra Mystica. It's just done differently than some other games. Instead of a linear progression of building more valuable/higher scoring buildings, there are **scoring tiles** for each round that give bonuses for that round only. 

For example, Round 1 might give a bonus for every spade used. Round 2 may give a bonus for every trading house built. So it's very beneficial to time your buildings (if possible) to coincide with the round scoring bonus. That and other things like the cult track are linear progressions...the higher you go, the more you score. When you build a town, get a bonus tile with points. Pretty straightforward. 

Side note: Terra Mystica is my favorite game of all time. Freaking get it! 




 Why do you not like Fantasy Flight games?? 




 I'm as confused as you are. [This is the only sale I see](http://www.coolstuffinc.com/page/1175) 




 That doesn't really seem like a sale. Jaipur is normally $17-$19 on amazon. Love Letter is $7. Everything else is usually pretty close to those prices, it seems like everything is maybe $5 lower than usual? 




 Where did you get KONY?! I'm still waiting forever for my pre-order! 




 ooo I missed that one. My bad. Taking this down to avoid the clutter 




 Can I list **Pillars of the Earth** 10 times? 




 **Twilight Struggle** we didn't score the scoring cards properly. We just took whoever "won" and what they got, and never scored the other person. So if someone had Domination, we never gave points to the other person for having Presence the first two games. No wonder the USSR blew out the USA early in both games, ha. Figured it out in game 3, and the game went muuuuch more balanced.  




 Great week of gaming!

Mid-Week I hung out with a friend and we played an intense game of **1st   Goal.** I turned the ball over 4 times, got 3 penalties, lost 2 onside kick attempts, and my buddy had no turnovers, no penalties and won an onside kick. I got stomped, but it was so much fun. The game is just fun. You can't take it seriously or else you'll get frustrated! Just a silly game, with some strategy/trying to know what your friend is going to play.

Sunday night we ended with a great game night after football. Game of **Small World**, which I'm not the biggest fan of, and ended up finishing 3rd. It's a good game, but I've just been more into heavier games lately and this just never clicked with me since I learned it a couple years ago. 

2nd up was a 4 player game of **Terra Mystica**. I got the Nomads and tried to expand as fast as possible early. I ended up being kinda mean, cutting off 2 people and won in the end by a good margin. I was lucky too, as the 1st round scoring tile was for dwellings, the 2nd for trading houses so I lined those up nicely. I absolutely love this game. It's my favorite of all time. Especially with 4-5 players so there's much more interaction and territorial conflict. Everything just fits together so so nicely. And it is gorgeous to look at.


We then moved on to a quick game of **Tichu**. Such a great 4 player/pairs of 2 game. Love the dynamic of the dragon/phoenix and scoring cards. 


A couple friends left so to the end the night, my friend and I busted out **The Duke** for my first time ever. WOW. This game is brilliant. I love it. So simple, lots of strategy, some luck/randomness in which tile you randomly draw. I wonder what would happen if you made a variant where you don't randomly select which tile to draw: just leave em all out on the side and you can pick which one you want every time. Thoughts on that? 




 Tichu is *fantastic!* My group just played a few games last night. The dynamic with the dragon and phoenix is very interesting. There's a lot going on here. It seems a simple trick taking game, but there's definitely depth, strategy and tons of replay-ability 




 It's awful. 




 Hit up Osteria last night. They had a real solid menu for restaurant week. Lots of options. 




 No worries! Also looks like there's a similar package available for the houses if you need as well, with listed weights and dimensions 




 [Looks like this has the answer](http://www.amazon.com/Plastic-Hotels-Replacement-Miniature-Buildings/dp/B00DTXJV96/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1413995509 sr=8-1 keywords=monopoly+red+hotel)


It says that each piece is 1.1grams with Dimensions at 19 x 13 x 13mm 




 Haha, I think that would more be a job for the mods.  




 Thank you for posting this, I had forgotten it was starting yesterday! 


Thought: Is there anyway to make this a "sticky" or keep it in the top bar during the duration of the auction period? I think it would be nice to keep it up front for the next few weeks to get as much notice as possible.  
























 Damn...UK based site 




 Well it's $37.49 on CoolStuffInc right now, so there ya go.  




 [**Splendor**](http://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/148228/splendor) seems right up your alley. 30 minutes or less. Very few pieces: just tokens and you lay out a grid of cards. Very simple mechanisms, but some depth in decisions/strategy. You can teach someone how to play in under 5 minutes. I love this game.  




 When on a random friday you say to yourself 'I can either take my girlfriend out to dinner tonight or buy these 3 games...coolstuffinc purchase it is!'


No one tell my girlfriend... 




 Please, if you can, show me a screen cap of this. I'm a tech savvy person. I never saw anything resembling an option to use updated/custom rosters 









 Nope. I tried like 10 times. The option never comes up like it does in offline mode. The only option is whether I want to start season or start fantasy draft.  




 Yea, I'm still not sure about Bethancourt at the plate. He's still young so hopefully that contact rate can improve. And BJ certainly can't be worse...right?? And I wouldn't put CJ anywhere near exceptional on the defense meter. Fangraphs has him well into the negative in defensive rating every year of his MLB career 




 Same kind of thing as that...just keep plugging into different sources. Game of the Week on here, different podcasts like Secret Cabal or videos from the Dice Tower Network. Check out bgg and scroll through the rankings, see what interests you. Read the WSIG posts here. Lots of resources to find and hear about new games! 




 [Searching /r/boardgames](http://www.reddit.com/r/boardgames/search?q=sleeve restrict_sr=on) 




 ITT: The Wire 




 Nice try, Chase  




 What up real insanity wolf. Nice to see you again.  




 Yea. there's still not a ton of power down there. 




 Yea, Keith said he thinks Braves just turned a bottom-5 system into a top 10 system this offseason.  




 I don't think the FO wanted to run the risk of showing Gattis anymore, especially with no protection in the lineup. If he had a poor first half of the season...goodbye all value. I think it was the right move now. As Brad Pitt/Billy Beane said in Moneyball, "when you get the answer you're looking for, hang up." 




 Did everyone watch this team last year? Can we all remember for a second how putrid this offense was? With Gattis on it. 2nd fewest runs in baseball and roughly 87345763 strikeouts. Gattis' platoon splits are not good, his defense is terrible, and he was a great story that mashed home runs versus lefties with ease. It was magical 2 years ago when he hit all those game-tying and go ahead homers. Magical. But let's not kid ourselves. This isn't trading Gretzky in his prime. It's trading a home run specialist, whose main position is the same as your top prospect, in a time where you need to juice up the farm system. It's a win for the Braves.  




 9 fedoras. 




 There's a million threads on /r/boardgames about sleeves. Just run a search. Places like Michaels, JoAnne fabrics, Hobby Lobby etc all have card sleeves for dirt cheap. 




 Because if we stop debating them and allow their voices to go unopposed and uneducated, then they begin to win and continue to push a biased, uninformed and harmful agenda. So please, do not stop arguing with anti-vaxxers. 




 *Shitrish  




 From this write up, it would seem a great haul. I don't know much about any of these guys. To be fair, Law has never been a big Gattis fine, sighting his K rate, awful defense and platoon splits, so he'd probably see any decent return as a windfall for Braves 




 at 16 bricks of 12.4 kg each, and a current rate $1,260.80 USD per ounce, that's $8,042,275.20 USD of gold 




 [This is a list on BGG of games with solo variants](http://www.boardgamegeek.com/geeklist/49479/soloplay-variants-posted-geek) 




 It's insider so I copied the text below. [Here's the link](http://insider.espn.go.com/blog/keith-law/post?id=3225 ex_cid=InsiderTwitter_Law_GattisTrade)

In dealing a trio of prospects for Evan Gattis, I really don't understand what the Astros are doing. The prospect depth they have in their system could allow them to acquire a player of a much higher caliber than Gattis, preferably a younger one as well, someone who's going to contribute to the next good Astros team in a few years. Atlanta, meanwhile, has gone from a bottom-five system in baseball to likely a top-10 system, overhauling their major-league roster while adding a broad mix of near- and long-term talent to their farm, in this case trading a player somewhere near the apex of his value for a very strong return. 

Gattis is already 28 years old, coming back to pro ball late after several years of off-field problems, and he brings four years of control. In two not-quite-full major-league seasons, he's shown big power, poor defense, horrible on-base skills, and huge platoon splits -- killing lefties but posting a .241/.297/.469 line against right-handers with enormous problems against right-handed breaking stuff. While Houston's a good ballpark for dead-pull right-handed power hitters, he's virtually positionless and doesn't address the Astros' major needs for hitters who get on base or at least make more contact. He's also disappeared in the second half in both of his years in the majors -- whether due to physical wear and tear or inability to make in-season adjustments -- and his body isn't durable. He's probably a bench guy, or a platoon player, but not a full-time solution at any position. The Astros also pick up James Hoyt, a hard-throwing (93-97 mph) right-hander that Atlanta signed from an independent league for $500 after the 2012 season, a good bet to provide some value in middle relief right away. 

In exchange for Gattis, Atlanta gets three prospects with question marks, but all of whom are legitimate major-league prospects with real asset value today. Mike Foltynewicz is the big get, and I would have traded Gattis for him alone. Folty is a high-beta prospect with the upside of a potential No. 1 starter if he can develop a more consistent arm slot and find an average third pitch to go along with an 80 fastball and 70 curveball. He drops down on the fastball at times and comes back up to get depth on the curveball, a trick that major-league hitters will exploit. His changeup will show plus, and ditching his slider (which he did early in 2014) may help him spend more time working on the change, but the change isn't good enough now to keep lefties from sitting on his four-seamer. Drafted in the first round in 2010, he's never seen the DL, and has the size and frame to be a durable 200-inning starter. His floor is a Nate Eovaldi type, and he'd be a wipeout reliever, but Atlanta has to develop him as a starter and hope the changeup comes along to the point where he can lead their rotation in 2017. 

Third baseman Rio Ruiz has developed nicely as a hitter, showing outstanding patience -- his walk rate put him among the top 10% of minor-league hitters this year, even though he was just 20 in a high-A league. Lancaster is a tremendous place to hit, however, and his power output was a little light given his home environment. He has good natural feel to hit and much of his contact is hard, but his load is getting too deep with his weight too much on his back side, interfering with his timing and reducing his ability to drive the ball out. At third base, he has the hands and arm, but he lacks rhythm in his feet and the ball tends to play him unless he's coming in on it; he has a chance to play at third, although it's at least 50/50 that he moves to first. Unlike a lot of young left-handed hitters, he has no real problem facing lefties. He projects as something similar to what Matt Carpenter has become for the Cardinals -- a high-OBP doubles hitter, a little less glove, a little more pop -- if he can stay at the hot corner. 

Andrew Thurman was a command right-hander when the Astros took him out of UC-Irvine in the second round in 2013, then started hitting 95-96 in spring training last year, only to head to the cold weather of the Midwest League and struggle with his control. He'll pitch with a 55 fastball and shows three potentially average or better secondary pitches, but nothing is plus and he has to throw strikes to succeed. I still like him as a potential fourth or fifth starter, but that assumes that he can harness his newfound velocity and stop walking guys. Of the three guys Atlanta got back in this trade, he has the lowest ceiling and the lowest probability, the latter due to his difficulty against low-A hitters last season. 

There's a good chance Atlanta walks out of this deal with an above-average starting pitcher and an everyday third baseman, which would be a heck of a return for a flawed player like Gattis. The Astros get four years of control of Gattis, and if they choose to use him behind the plate on occasion, the acquisition might free them up to trade one of their many catchers ... but is this the kind of player the Astros should be trying to acquire right now? They're not contenders this year, probably not in 2016, and by 2017 Gattis will be turning 31 and past peak, which we've probably already seen. I have no objection to the Astros trading from their passel of prospects to add real major-league talent, but they should be aiming higher than an OBP sinkhole who doesn't add value on defense. Foltynewicz is well-regarded throughout the industry, and I think he could have headlined a package for a much better player, now or during the 2014 season. 




 I did all that. It gives me that option for an offline franchise, but not an online franchise  









 Go to Roster, then slide over to "retire"  




 Well, I misread that title at first. Wondered what sub I was in for a second... 




 As long as it's the actual Carcassonne and not a small expansion, that's a tremendous deal! Get it! 




 Not sure how their shipping is, but it's based over there http://www.boardgameshop.eu/ 




 * cardhaus.com


* miniaturemarket.com

They have some good selection and often some good deals too.  









 There wasn't. The PSN site status said online. It says scheduled maintenance for this Thursday. Calm the fuck down 




 I bought my PS4 3 months ago and I am really regretting it. The PSN network is constantly down and when it us up, the connection speeds are a trainwreck.  









 [Really, OP? Sure they're yours??](https://www.google.com/search?tbs=sbi:AMhZZivtPFXOH2TnYVVXlav4Cv_1Krf72j5NB7ZwGcCf4I4CiFXdYhscuPzovNaDkofEVsIjcFJ-cSQSKBbNMcIqpAWOWP1AaCNiWyUm1FqOdVcf_1VWIDx_17uAuXY_1lGunn1Vg6VdvnmHcbxx3B_1NM2hoKZbN78a8F-cz9LBPeg246sq2mHb8b0PyG_150nsECZ2KW1OkAY1n191L7g9W07vigRuyLdSzVHqmrAmbA1VAURH8Go8tvgOAc6jMcY60l5N-MSgD1Ejvuq6N8sYZx5tKKPeMTwj0e7RXBJRY0XS7sxulbMsxkigv4IYbz5WOs1osmdn2RZykrbSfaen0r1rV7aOnoQBK9WaTcy-d5Scb-yUPhZKPBaxsH0I03rwrPBXAaR-DxPLPs49A4K40P5beeqwGFBqnphWAKpKtF5lsZIelXLwaSo83tPu3qIFU2GmepFfMKINyFWg1BVO5pfWzl_162ZIAo7LnM5uRZK9LPhzyT8yR6kQzJd8Q0FfuLjgTD0FW-4ByBsP73bMeEGUzni5gYkwxndUAzqVbmPTLge35ycqdQ8Wj9XHetdgyWUxzONSpiuKZ0T9kDNiC8sM7Ae7AMsVFgFE7niXy9TU9Z1Oqa_1bmdNTWu9U4EyDNNcsnGP6ucQSRpb_1dfzK39bN6RrCIZ-A9o92MjybknQte3ihqiMa0pT_1aGoNkuIxFRUrn43jpqqVAnPma-tyVd3mrfuVvFHSEUmYznv1Rp6iNNA6y642rUzHqqBMWqINttBeQFVGaKlEjI7htZDXlNnlG1aBfv7q8D9xNMemyX9G9T3tp1uPphidR3fTAiP2-9gsfCH_1GP17tVNOjTTNTC3X-WTfyQxXlH4v0lwRKE8UfLHCd_1BgznAjrey49VKscTgTrooNHtdCW1Tjt7_1pmUdhI3wYvjKUJZGgbHudD7T0MSfpUTirfS8_1bb5vaBzJSsUPM1wzvfv5rLR7PFn9GXUs8VC7o3OIbvKE-rqX8foATyI36sJctO6Zu7slhdgbZ8ES0j2KbiDxTqM0huT8vq64HAOfOa-MhV0-uT5USbe0eeii5AGGPNmBaltbBg65T3xdqkoud4evtkf4YIoo3MU2aI4t1bVeprxbMSad4LNwVnSOeXnSVikTPngjaNQC4AaL5xwuZab9_1ULZlyb_1--oZxC6ozxkIDNFBe0lMu93bX6qv_1sm8D4ZF8rDV_1qORDbZ7lEo555DnBMnaRdjGAmRAYEGwQP2slMsNjgkzUt0fiMILbf7uldZ5wZV4qHCEgiE9p8kJLwNFZws8K0n9-8lT3jf4jvhkYunxPetb_1rwd9g5WYAW996kvyJITZvbqYYvTU5x9AcjMZjkTaPLPlw5pEBqXgZl4UlKbWkZmkpFhbmA8-Gd-b0t3fdAqAB9mQH5U5eZp7yv6SrxHHI3_1tRHn7yT-pTM02DY_1dRmeZhRmn_1s7hRJuPnqTxE)


Post 1 year ago: http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/1rv29s/my_2_little_bulldog_pups/. Can't even give a new title.  




 That WOW tattoo... 




 Color of weave: Fabulous.  









 My first thought was like some sort of murphy bed cabinet hybrid. I couldn't really find an image to back it up though. Or maybe just something more straightforward like [this](http://cdn2.hubspot.net/hub/29035/file-27822948-jpg/images/beaded-shaker-side-tilt-opening-dsr.jpg?t=1420219707322)?


Good luck on your tiny home! I think that's awesome! And if you can't keep any games I'd be more than happy to take some off your hands :) Maybe even give ya some money for them if you really need! 




 [NOOOOO](http://www.baltimorenewsjournal.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/Luke-Noooooo.jpg) 




 Can...can I get Five Tribes from you? 




 try meetup.com. I know my area has several groups coordinated through meetup that gather at various bars or cafes to play board games.  




 My only tip would be to all play as humans. Keeps everything even throughout the players and lets you get the understanding of the game. and ass /u/Show-Me-Your-Moves said, don't add house rules before you play the game. I've played lots of Eclipse and have never removed missiles and it's not a big deal. Sometimes someone gets missiles early, sometimes they come out real late. Sometimes someone gets a bunch of awesome discovery tiles and you don't. Things balance out during the game and each game unfolds differently.  




 I think the general sentiment isn't about having to go into a walmart, but supporting their business in general.  




 Well didn't you just buy it from them? 




 Boo walmart 




 Spector Ops looks preeetty sweet. Hearing good things on Spirits of The Rice Paddy as well. And I don't know if they'll allow it, but if you can snag a pre-order discount on the upcoming printing of Dead of Winter, do that too.  









 [**Acquire**](http://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/5/acquire) 




  Are the Egyptians and Japanese actually much harder than the others?


Only in a board game thread is that ok to ask.  




 **King of New York** is not a reprint. It's basically a sequel. Or a standalone expansion of King of Tokyo. And it's better than KoT. More strategy, more interaction, more decisions, more destruction, more fun.  




 The Secret Cabal podcast is my favorite. They release new episodes the 2nd Wednesday of every month, each episode is 2-3 hours so you get a lot of content. They do a great mix of talking about games they played that week, reviewing 1 game at length each episode, going over news and updates in the board game world, and if you're into RPG stuff, they talk about that too. They do contests occasionally too. It's good stuff 




 I think it's just as cool for people who don't know a lot about the Cold War, because the game organically teaches you so much about it. You're playing the game as you see history unfold.  




 The box art is pretty bland, but the board is gorgeous, and the cards are very nice as well. The game is just so incredibly balanced and the theme is absolute perfection. It very much is a 'struggle' as every decision you make has a big impact and many of those decisions you make may very well benefit your opponent. It's all about doing your best to minimize what you give your opponent and maximize what you do and score as best as possible. It is a masterpiece.  




 Ha, that's true. I guess I was just referring to the box size. 




 Yea, I feel you. What about taking a look at some scores from Cold War movies like Dr. Strangelove, Good Night   Good Luck, Tinker Taylor Soldier Spy, Hunt For Red October or the TV show The Americans.  




 I wondered to myself "I wonder what I'll find if I google 'cold war music." [This is what I found. Everything is on wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_songs_about_the_Cold_War). That should help for Twilight Struggle! 




 How about [**Jaipur**](http://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/54043/jaipur) or [**Hive Pocket**](http://www.amazon.com/Gen42-Games-5513668-Hive-Pocket/dp/B0079L0EKY/ref=sr_1_3?s=toys-and-games ie=UTF8 qid=1419971594 sr=1-3 keywords=hive)? [**Mr Jack Pocket**](http://www.amazon.com/Asmodee-700400ASM-Mr-Jack-Pocket/dp/B0040LJVNM/ref=sr_1_1?s=toys-and-games ie=UTF8 qid=1419971684 sr=1-1 keywords=mr+jack+pocket) is also wonderful. [**Star Realms**](http://www.amazon.com/White-Wizard-Games-Realms-Deckbuilding/dp/B00HRGMPIU/ref=sr_1_8?s=toys-and-games ie=UTF8 qid=1419971722 sr=1-8 keywords=eight+minute+empire) is the best micro game of the year IMHO, and scales past 2P with multiple decks. [**Coup**](http://www.amazon.com/Coup-Card-Game-Resistance-Universe/dp/B00GDI4HX4/ref=sr_1_6?s=toys-and-games ie=UTF8 qid=1419971722 sr=1-6 keywords=eight+minute+empire) is also a lot of fun and quick. I personally do not like **Cheaty Mages** at all.  




 Nice!  




 This thread will make me depressed to see how many bajillion more plays other people got than me this year :( 




 I enjoy the [Settlers of America](http://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/67239/settlers-america-trails-rails). Cities   Knights is probably the most popular expansion (i think?). 


Overall, in /r/boardgames, you're going to find a lot of Catan hate (and some love). It's such a popular game, a lot of people got their board game start playing it, and playing it to death, before moving on to games with much more strategy and depth. 


How old is your son? Ticket To Ride is a great intro game. Other games like Carcassonne or Dominion are easy enough to pick up, but off a ton of depth in strategy and replayability. Splendor is a new hotness that's simple, fun and strategic. Takenoko is a big hit with my gf who hates board games. It's a light, fun, beautiful game, and has a similar hexagonal tile element.  




 Filtering it [this way](http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=sr_pg_1?rh=n%3A165793011%2Cn%3A%212334111011%2Cn%3A%212334142011%2Cn%3A2241292011%2Cn%3A10222887011 ie=UTF8 qid=1419948673 ajr=2) also gets some other games shown in the sales. Among The Stars, a Sentinels expansion, GoT LCG deck. Couple others.  




 Kind of a weak sale. It's only a few dollars off what those games usually are.  




 Exactly this. Someone in my group will usually say this when someone is clearly distracted/not paying attention. It's a polite reminder of "hurry up" or "pay attention" 




 [This person really enjoys Akrotiri](http://www.reddit.com/r/boardgames/comments/2q7dkw/wsig_if_i_love_akrotiri/). That's the only post here that I see about it.  




 Some of the highlights:

**Akrotiri** $13.99

**Among The Stars: Expanding the Alliance Expansion** $18.99

**Bang! Dodge City Expansion** $6.99

**Bang! High Noon Expansion** $7.99

**Carcassonne: Winter Edition** $17.99

**Caverna** $61.99

**Coup: Reformation Expansion** $6.99

**Cyclades: Hades Expansion** $29.99

**Francis Drake** $49.99

**Imperial Settlers** $34.99

**Munchkin Legends 2** $4.99

**Munchkin Panic** $21.49

**Munchkin: Board of Health** $8.99

**Space Cadets: Resistance is Mostly Futile Expansion** $14.99

**Subdivision** $23.99

**The Battle at Kemble's Cascade** $24.99

**The Witcher Adventure Game** $29.99

**Through The Ages** $37.99

**Tortuga** $29.99 




 I bought this from an Amazon sale a couple weeks ago for the same price. Finally got it to the table last night and I loved it! Played two 2 player games, then a 4 player game. Works wonderfully with both. Quick, super easy to pick up and still some good strategy and decision making to be done. The 'reserve a card' option is a neat twist.  




 The ios app is phenomenal as well. Especially if you're playing solo, saves you all the time of setting it up just for yourself.  




 The Agricola solo variant is great. 




 Wears down the surrounding area to even out surface. Then paint over.  




 What if it's obvious where it would be. For instance, went to my girlfriend's apartment and the person that lives in the next apartment who I've met twice (and is super friendly) clearly didn't remember me and introduced himself to me. Even after I said "hey Michael." Just didn't want to give him the "yea, we've met before."  









 Ditto this. I've played 2p with just the bottom section. That was better. Otherwise it's just two people playing by themselves in the same game. Map is way too big for 2 players. My favorite game of all time though. 




 JoAnne's. Michaels. Hobby Lobby. Amazon. Dollar store.  




 Uggla gets a lot of hate here (deservedly so, he was awful), but I always liked him and I'll always root for him. He never pouted, he showed up every day, and he always booked it to first on easy ground balls. I hope he catches on somewhere outside of the NL East and does well.  




 I can only speak for Agricola here...it's tough to get people into Agricola that aren't into heavy euros. Agricola is hard. If people are new to games (or only know settlers, ticket to ride or pandemic), it's a tough leap. There are more complex games, but Agricola just really beats you up, ya gotta make sure people like worker placement euros where you may feel like you didn't do shit for the last 6 turns. That said, I love Agricola. I'll play with you! 




 my monitor goes up to 255. HP Compaq LA2205wg. I have no idea if any of that means it's good 




 My work computer won't allow me to download flux. Any recommendations on the RGB settings on the monitor to help with this? 




 My work computer won't allow me to download flux. Any recommendations on the RGB settings on the monitor to help with this? 




 8 hours?! Yeesh. Even with rule checking etc, sounds like you guys have a lot of analysis paralysis. I own the game, and have never had a game go over 4 hours. My recommendation: agree to a shot clock. Don't sit in the headline phase for 5 minutes agonizing over which event card to play or where to place influence etc. Set a time limit that you'll both agree to stay within to the best of your ability. And that should organically work out anyway as you get more comfortable with the game and what cards will be coming.  




 I just bought Shadow of Mordor and started the campaign last night, for a couple hours. It seems from the opening cuts that I, and my family, was killed. Now I'm just running around killing Uruk. Did I miss something? I don't really see any story or have a feel for what I'm supposed to be doing. 














 No, it wasn't salt water 




 I lent my Canon T3i to a friend for the day. As the friend was shooting he tripped, fell and plunged into a pond. My camera around his neck. He has reimbursed me for the camera but I'm wondering if there's anyway to fix the water logged one. It's been a couple months since so it's had sufficient time to dry out, but it doesn't turn or anything. Any chance I could take it somewhere to swap out a part or fix it somehow? 




 Yea, I just don't really want to spend $300 on something I'll use once a month or once every few months.  









 I'd give it a whirl. My grandparents are devour US History or Art History. My grandmother is a painter and illustrator and adores the french and dutch masters. Most of the books you'll find in their house or biographies of painters, US Presidents, Churchill, WWI, WWII or events revolving around one of those topics. I like to add to that passion and collection each Christmas.  




 They would not be into that, but I appreciate the thought.  




 I don't read a ton of non-fiction, but I do read a few a year. Every Christmas I get my grandparents a non-fiction work (lots of presidential biographies, McCollough, Kearns-Goodwin, painter bios) but this year as I walk around Barnes   Noble, all I can seem to find are celebrity memoirs or Bill O'Reilly books. Is this a total down year for history work? Is there anything worth picking up? 




 Wait...how many movies were those three movies? 




 /r/whowouldwin 




 Janitor's jerk off room.  




 Upvote for OP just saying 'nope' when deciding if he should put thought into the title. I like it. Just wing it. Cool. 




 Deja vu occurs when the code is altered. 









 Yea, I had my eye on that but thought it odd it was $40. Just picked it up for $20 on that Amazon sale the other day 




 It's also on Amazon and CSI 




 **King of Tokyo/King of New York**. It goes up to 6 and is loads of fun. I've used it a ton as a fun gateway game to people who aren't into board games at all and it's always a hit.  




 **Dead of Winter.** 

It is an overall cooperative game. You need to complete the main objective together. However, everyone also has a secret objective (none, one or some of which may be a betrayal objective) that each person needs to attempt to complete so they can individually win. It adds a lot of tension, suspicion between players (you never know if anyone has a betrayal objective or how many people may). This game is phenomenal.  




 not including out of print/out of stock games. 




 [How regular gym goers feel in January](http://allwhowander.weebly.com/uploads/8/4/1/8/8418714/4937899_orig.jpg?0) 




 One of these things is not like the other! 




 To the sky! And beyond! 




 My favorites: **Dead of Winter. Pandemic. Robinson Crusoe. Fortune   Glory.** 




 "It's almost perfect! Now for the final touch...google chrome stickers on the rims." 




 Lobsterace. 




 I've always been told The Silmarillion is tough to get through, but that made me really want to read it. That was super interesting. 




 Now these are some bridges to take note of.  




 They've renamed this black hole to OP's Mom. 




 [OP got burned!](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_MiIBjnU0ovc/TNjBgx8bgMI/AAAAAAAACqE/uu58ZCzMP6g/s1600/burnt+burrito.jpg) 




 That's legit.  




 The petty shit people hang on to... 




 I don't believe you drew any of that. Liar.  




 Scotland Yard is 10. It actually ships to US, comes to $21.60 USD (after shipping fees) if you want it! 




 Jaipur travels in a very small box and is lots of fun! Just cards and tokens  




 If a danger card brings a villain into an adventure, does the villain stay on the board? What happens if the sneak is successful and subsequently, the artifact is discovered? Does the villain just stay there? (playing cooperatively)  




 Yea, I guess hype was the wrong word. I guess I meant more the excitement or positive reviews of the game. 




 It seems like before and shortly after the release of Five Tribes, it was all the hotness. People couldn't wait for it, and then when they got it people loved it. Is it just me or since then, after people have had it for a bit, has all the buzz died? Is the replayability poor? I've been eyeing it for purchase, but now I'm not sure. 




 On CSI page: "The Ticket to Ride 10th Anniversary Edition comes in an oversize game box featuring new cover design and graphics. It includes a giant US board map that is 50% larger than the original. It still uses the classic US routes, but with new illustrations and design. There are 5 sets of finely sculpted custom plastic trains, each featuring a different type of train car and unique paint scheme reminiscent of toy trains of yesteryear."


and from BGG:

Contents:
* 1 Giant Board map of North American train routes with all new illustrations

* 5 Tin Boxes, each with 48 finely sculpted trains

* 5 Wooden Scoring Markers

* 1 Multilingual Rules Booklet

* 110 Train Cards with all new illustrations

* 30 Classic Destination Tickets

* 35 Destination Tickets from USA 1910

* 4 Destination Tickets from Mystery Train

* 1 Longest Route/Globetrotter Bonus card
 









 Stephen Yuen the ladies panties. 




 I would not have been surprised if that was real.  
























 For people wondering if it's even harmful or not...the answer is basically yes, no and maybe. The vapor from e-cigs does contain either none or far less of the cancer causing carcinogens from traditional tobacco, but it does have higher levels of other toxins and toxic metals. What are the effects of inhaling 2nd hand vapor containing these increased volumes is the question. Science isn't totally sure yet, but they know it's not great. Here's one article of many with this content: http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/08/29/study-second-hand-smoke-from-e-cigarettes-contains-toxic-metals/ 




 http://i.imgur.com/kYvdJ8K.jpg 




 Yea, I agree. While the sentiment of slavery is always touchy, I think it's in how and why it's used. And I think that's why Keith Law mentions if you get offended by that stuff, maybe stay away from this game, but if you don't then you'll enjoy everything just fine.  




 Keith Law is a huge board game fan. He annually updates his [Top Board Games](http://meadowparty.com/blog/2014/11/18/top-60-boardgames/) on his personal blog. Pretty sure he did an AMA on /r/boardgames before too.

Edit: No AMA, but he commented on a [thread of his top 50 games of 2013](http://www.reddit.com/r/boardgames/comments/1s9cgc/keith_laws_espn_baseball_writer_2013_list_of_his/) 









 Oh hey Snakes   Lattes employee! Do people really complain about the cover? I don't think it's unreasonable at all, especially since there's no time limit. A group of us from Buffalo come up, get there at opening on a Saturday and spend the entire day there. $5 to add gaming to my tab for all that? No complaints here. 




 Yep. Game gurus are great. Just wish they had more of them. We wanted to learn how to play Dead of Winter but the guru wouldn't teach us because it was on a list of games they aren't allowed to teach, only answer clarifying questions because of the time it takes to teach.  




 No kidding, really? I was there beginning of December, I didn't know they were adding a 2nd floor, I didn't see any construction. That's awesome.  




 I've been to Snakes   Lattes and their pub location Snakes   Lagers a bunch. Their set up, business plan and atmosphere is wonderful. And they are slammed. I live about 90 minutes from Toronto, so we usually try to make a day of it, show up first thing on a Saturday and game all day. By 2pm they're on a wait, and during peak evening hours it's probably a 2 hour wait. And the crowd is a very even mix of guys and girls. Gamers and social people. The social people are definitely the bread   butter, playing CAH, cranium and other party games. Their menu is limited, but it's good food. They do have a lot of games for sale (generally at full MSRP, but some were less). And I didn't really see anything for miniatures, but you could probably bring your own and play. They'll just charge you the regular $5 cover. We've brought a couple of our own games before.  




 Right. So your comment was doubly useless. If you fish for a man... 




 If you're going to comment on someone not having the courtesy to link to one of the previous discussions, at least have the courtesy to link to one of the previous discussions... 




 previously on /r/boardgames... 




 I meant on superbowl sunday 




 People let loose enough as it is. SuperBowl sunday is the 2nd biggest alcohol consumption day of the year in America behind 4th of July. Ever notice, outside of certain sports   SNL, there's really no good or big budget TV on Saturdays? People don't watch TV on Saturdays. Saturdays are people's 'going-out' day/night. Sundays are traditionally a more relaxed, stay-at-home-and-watch-tv day. There are always way more viewers on Sunday. If the NFL thought for a second they would get more viewers on Saturday, then they would but the Super Bowl on Saturday 




 check out /r/minipainting 




 I started following him and it's really almost always the normal pricing on Amazon or CSI or miniature market. It just looks like sales or deals because it's marked lower than MSRP 




 Ha, I've never seen so many bombs in a game. One round early in the game, our opponents each had a bomb in their hand 




 Maybe? I was high on adrenaline just recalling it. But it is a partner game of 2 v 2 




    *heavy breathing*  




 **The Battle of Tichu**

It was a bloodbath. Everything that could go wrong went wrong. Every hand loaded with 5's, 10's or Kings was bombed by our opponents. We tried to go "Grand Tichu" to hit a home run comeback. It blew up in our face. We were lost; scrambling like lost puppies in a rainstorm. We were being laughed off the table. The score was 385 to -110...but while the final battle seemed upon us, the end was not quite as close.


The tide began to turn with The Hand. Like Gandalf arriving at Helms Deep, sun parting the dark clouds of doom, it appeared in my hand to save the wretched day. Organized, the mahjong 1 card sat afar to the left...with sequential order the whole way through. A less daring Tichu has never been called. 3 tricks later, my opponent went out. Points rained upon us as our confidence boosted and our opponents began to doubt themselves for the first time. 


The next hand...fire in our eyes, we both went out before our opponents, knocking them into a stunned, scared state. Suddenly, every card played was doubted, every move questioned. They had lost their way. We could taste our moment on the horizon.


But our opponents momentarily recovered. They steadied themselves amidst the next two rounds, winning 50 and 40 points each, taking the total to 475 - 465. This would be the final battle. Possible glory for two, possible total embarrassment for our friends that would be endlessly mocked for blowing such a huge lead. 


My hand was dealt. I searched the cards for faces of Kings and Queens and Aces and Dragons. Nothing. Nothing but a lone Jack amidst a sea of small numbers. But upon closer look...a bomb of 3's. consecutive pairs of 66/77/88, three 9's and the Jack. As the beginning tricks of the round were dropped with singles, I passed. Sitting. Waiting for my moment. The perfect hand to bomb. It never came. A fair hand passed that my opponent would take, but it was bombed and lost. Our opponent was down to 4 cards. It was now or never, he played a pair of Q's. I bombed. And then readied myself for the final strike. 66/77/88. No one could match. Three 9's. No one could best them. And then I dropped the lone Jack, ridding all my cards first. The last out gave me their taken tricks and remaining cards. We counted the the final tally. It was victory for us. From the brink of defeat. From -110 points below our starting due to failed tichu's and thwarted hands, we rose and conquered our dear friends. And have laughed at them ever since.  









 Game store is different from cafe though. Game store needs people to come stay to entice them to buy their games on stock. Cafs have a very different business model and they're not selling those games on hand.  




 This is definitely the most common way. I haven't seen one that didn't, although there certainly may be. Snakes   Lattes in Toronto, perhaps the most famous board game cafe, has this model. Sit   stay as long as you want, play as many games as you want...it's $5 a person added to your bill for the gaming in addition to your food/drink.  




 **Wits   Wagers** is always fun! It's not too much pressure for knowing trivia since you get points by betting on whatever guess you want. I would definitely try to stick to vocally interactive games like many party games or CAH. Co-Op games like **Pandemic** would work nicely as well. **Pandemic The Cure** is a little lighter too if you can get it. 




 Ha, I literally just checked OLGS's and, for the first time, z-man's site and saw they had it there! $50 + shipping is real steep for an expansion. Hopefully this hits distributors or amazon prime soon. I can't wait. TM is my favorite game.  




 Games in this list that I can speak to...

**Firefly: The Game** is not good at all. It hits some nostalgic notes if you're a fan of the series, but if you take that out of the equation, the game falls very flat. I wouldn't go with this.

**Splendor** is such a good game. The mechanics are extremely simple (you either take tokens, buy a card or reserve a card), but you'll find a good amount of strategy, interesting decisions and replayability with it. And it's quick to play, and scales well for 2-4. 


**Lords of Vegas** is loads of fun. Has some good strategy to it as well, with lots of fun twists. This game is somewhat dependant on your group...for instance I have a couple guys in my group that always love to take the risky options in games for the hell of it, so that makes this game a blast every time. It's such a fun time.


And if you like co-op, **Robinson Crusoe** is an absolute masterpiece and a must-own for any big co-op fan. 




 Did those board game shelves become a mini wall separating the rooms? That's some serious dedication.  




 Good stuff. I have all my games organized vertically, so stuff is always going everywhere. Which model of the Really Useful Boxes did you use? 




 Jamie from The Secret Cabal Podcast just got this. [Their Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/thesecretcabal) has a bunch of recent posts   pictures of the game. I have no idea what gameplay is like, but the miniatures and board look unbelievable.  




 What about **Super Dungeon Explore**?

/u/r2d8 getinfo 




 Yes...once :)  




 I've never played Xia, but lots of games have first play scenario's and I always say get outta my face first play scenarios, i'm playing the real game.  




 Talk about box art that does not match the game at all. Those are some colorful tiles, pieces and cards. Wasn't expecting that. How is this game? Sitting at pretty solid 7.5/10 on bgg 




 That could be true. I also think there's a bit of a self-fulfilling prophecy with established high ranked games. People pick them up because the see the rating and want to like it too because they think they're supposed to. Obviously they're all tremendous games, but there could be a bit of that too. I know I can give high ranked games more of a chance after a bad play because I know they're supposed to be very good.  




 Can't get it to play at work. Can anyone provide the run down? 




 Thanks! Also, how necessary are airbrushes? I've watched a few tutorials, they almost all use airbrushes, but it's out of my price range for starting out.  




 If you screw up painting a mini, is it pretty easy to "start over?" Give it a new primer coating and start over?  




 Why are you saying it that way?

*Saying whhat whhat whay?* 




 I'm not looking to become a master, just get some pizazz into mini's I have in some table top board games. I've looked into some starter kits, and I'm ready to pull the trigger, I just don't want to waste my time if it's something you really need some skill for. 




 Absolutely spot on. Great advice 




 When was who started being sarcastic first a question? I was. I'm usually sarcastic. You're just a downer. As I said before...lighten up 




 Welcome to the Internet where talking to friends about your interests is desperate lol. Good grief, dude. Lighten up.  




 You must be fun at parties. I'm well aware I didn't describe my intrinsic motivation for why I want to tell people about board games.  




 You know what I meant. I'm not being exclusive about the games. It was just for brevity in the title.  




 Great idea. This just usually comes up at parties when the conversation turns to hobbies or something. Can't exactly whip out Bruges from my back pocket. But the keep it short and sweet to theme and general mechanics is a good idea. It gets more difficult when I get the question "well what's your favorite game?" And I have to explain Terra Mystica..."well it's an economy and area control game where everyone place a mythical race, trying to terraform land and build buildings..." and then I lose them haha 




 Well he was just someone that rushed to 'oh D D' and clearly then had no interest in what I was saying. But other people, in general, have literally no concept of these games and just don't understand, keep asking for examples of games (that they'll never know about). I was just wondering what people do to explain the games to those people, short of making them watch a video or bust out a game for them. 




 There are lots of business planning and budgeting tools on the internet for start ups, especially cafes. All you'd have to do is take a look at those and then add however much you want to spend on stocking games   shelves.  




 I was trying to explain Dead of Winter to a co-worker and within 15 seconds he says "sounds like Dungeons   Dragons." People seem to always ask 'are these games like monopoly? risk? clue? or go off the other side and think it's D D. I usually end up just saying they have lots of strategy and victory points and they shrug, still not getting it.  




 Sure! Like anything, if people can easily find you and if you provide a unique insight while being entertaining, people will follow you. I think the most important part (outside of being able to be easily found) is to provide your own unique perspective. I watch a lot of video reviewers like SU SD, Watch It Played, Rahdo and Dice Tower and they all offer their own experience and angles. Be unique. Find your own angle that works for you, reflects who you are and is genuine. If it's good, people will stay. 


edit: and to some of your questions - for me, nothing makes me fall asleep quicker in a blog than extensive rule run summaries. If I wanted in depth rules, I'd read the manual. I'd say if you're doing a full review, maybe stick to a brief overview of the theme, object and basic gameplay mechanics. 




 What about [**Amerigo**](http://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/137408/amerigo) or [**Lewis   Clark**](http://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/140620/lewis-clark)? Honestly, I haven't played either, but they're based around discovery   expansion (I think) 




 Well, I guess it's sci-fi but **Eclipse** pretty much starts with nothing but a few center hexes and you explore off those. And it's an awesome game.  




 Yea, I'm pretty sure we played the game half a dozen times before realizing that.  




 As long as they are connected via Carpet Ride ability (same for Dwarves with tunnelling), it counts for end game scoring of connected settlements. It does not count for creating a town. 

It's like how indirect connection counts for end-game scoring, but not for creating a Town.  




 Oh wow...the game itself isn't similar at all to Terra Mystica. In TM you have direct   indirect interaction where you're cutting people off for land and building adjacent with money/power/vp exchanges. TM isn't the most interactive game, but it definitely has interaction, especially with 4-5 people, and 3 as well to a lesser extent. Castles of Mad King Ludwig has none of that. Each player has his own play area where you're building your castle. And unlike Suburbia where you can get bonuses based on what other's have built, in Castles you only get bonuses/penalties for what's in your Castle. The main interaction in Castles comes from the auction block. The "Master Builder" (which rotates like a 1st player marker) gets to take the 5/6/7 room tiles and arrange them in any order he wants on the auction block (ranging from $2k, $4k, $6k etc). So if you see people really need a certain room type, you may want to make it more expensive so they have to pay (and pay you, the master builder), but maybe not too expensive so no one buys it. So there's some interesting decisions to make on how you organize the auction block, trying to predict what people need and what they will or can buy.  




 numbers are also language independent

Edit: I'm wrong. Please ignore my comment and feel free to mock my wrongness.  




 You can also combine Cyclades and Kemet with an expansion, correct?  




 If you have access to a workshop, maybe you could cut the meeple (or something boardgame related) out of wood, stain/paint it and mount it on a trophy platform.  




 I haven't played Cyclades but Kemet and Eclipse are both owned by my group and hit the table regularly. **Eclipse** is one of my all time favorite games. I love the scope of the game, the economy management and the various legitimate paths to victory. It always feels like an epic game. On **Kemet**, I'm just not a huge fan. I really want to like this game and I get why people do, but it just hasn't clicked for me. Every game I play it feels like everyone is just ramping their stuff up and, bam, the game is over all of a sudden.  









 Oh man, I can't wait. That's the one I'm most excited for. Castles was just easier to get to the table. We've had Suburbia for awhile so it didn't take long at all to learn the rules. I just haven't had time to go through the Brass book and/or watch some walkthrough videos. I can't wait to play it though.  




 I think any time a game has custom pieces at all it's awesome. Custom D6? Sweet. Custom meeples? Awesome. Custom non-plastic money? Fantastic. It just shows an attention to care and quality in the game. The main reasoning for wanting Xia: Legends of a Drift System is because of all the custom miniature ships, metal coins and dice.  




 Agree with all this. The one thing I'd say about Trajan is that there are a ton of things you *can* worry about, but you're always best to stick to one strategy as much as possible. I think in a 2P game, construction is the dominant strategy. Then shipping overall. I haven't found a way to go all-in on Military as much as possible and win though.  




 I very much dislike Catan. Our group just played it death years ago. Once in a blue moon someone will suggest we play Catan and it gets to the table. If it does, I always put in Cities   Knights to add some depth to it. And without fail, about halfway through the game I think "why the hell did I suggest this? this will never end." Every damn time. I'll never learn.  




 The one thing I'll say about Feld games is they all scale very well. **Trajan** is a brilliant game, and I love playing it 2P. **Bruges** is a masterpiece, best with 3-4, but still very very enjoyable with 2. **Bora Bora** also goes well with 2P, albeit it probably shines more with 3-4 due to the meanness of blocking actions.  




 Yea, I've heard it balances it out. I'll have to tell my friend to pick it up.  




 Yea, I'm not sure if this one has a feature mechanic like the Trajan mancala wheel, or how dice are used in CoB or Bora Bora. I watched Rahdo's run through and he mentioned that as well, but still really liked it and talked about some of the unique things the game does as a whole.


And it does look really nice. 




 I got a brand new shipment of **Brass**, **Castles of Mad King Ludwig**, and **1775: Rebellion** in from Amazon, but was able to only play CoMKL of that group. I really like this game. We have Suburbia in our group as well, and our group does tend to lean on heavier games, but Suburbia just always felt fiddly to me...easy to mess up with erring on adjusting scores across red lines and missing a tile on someone's board. Castles really streamlines all that and the theme is much more fun. We laughed at each other's castles and made ridiculous kingly declarations as we built. Loved it. 


Also got my all-time favorite game in, **Terra Mystica.** 4 players, I finished a distant second as the Dwarves, with the Fakirs cruising to victory. Fakirs used their Carpet Ride ability to grab the 18 point bonus at the end for biggest land mass, and they had 3 of the 4 cult tracks. Tons of end game scoring for them, very well played. This game is just so good with 4 people. I love it.


Had some lighter fare as well. Busted out a couple games of **Splendor.** I really enjoy this with 2P. I think it highlights the 'reserving a card' as you can use it a bit more defensively if you see someone grabbing coins obviously for a card that fits it. Very simple game with great replay-ability and solid depth.

I played **Machi Koro** for the first time. It was...meh? It didn't really grab me. I got a few cafes and the building stealing card and cruised. I'll play it again if people want but wouldn't recommend it.

And finally, in the Dice Chucker theme, this fits right in...I got a co-op game of my favorite dice chucker game...**Fortune   Glory!** This game is stupid fun. Traveling around, rolling dice, killin nazi's, finding treasure. It's awesome if you don't take it seriously and just have a good time with it. I've always leaned towards heavier euros, and cared more about mechanics than theme, but this game just grabbed me from the start with its Indiana Jones nostalgia, miniatures, funky artwork, I dig it.  




 That is a fantastic collection. Very similar tastes to mine...lots of games I have and even more that I want! 

How is **Aquasphere**? I'm a big Feld fan so I can't wait to pick it up. I've heard it's very brain-burnery.  




 There is basically no theme. I guess you're building a castle manor with some animals and knowledge and ships and buildings? I've played this game hundreds of times (often online at boiteajeux.net) and I freaking love it. It's in my top 10 of all time for sure. It scales wonderfully from 2-4 people. It's simple mechanics, a fair bit of depth   strategy and lots of replayability with the different mats and randomization of when the tiles come out. It is a superb game. As everyone here will say, how the dice are used is really neat. It's a bit of luck sometimes what you roll, but with the workers and some knowledge tiles you can mitigate that and keep your long term strategy. It's fantastic.  




 Yea man, definitely not a slur. Dice Tower has some video reviews talking about the best ameritrash games of all time. And other podcasts similarly so as well 




 I just got Castles of Mad King Ludwig today! I'm unboxing it now. I'm really looking forward to it. I liked Suburbia but it was always a bit fiddly for me, checking other people's boards, making sure you're adjusting your income/population for every red line you cross. I like the theme much more in Castles, and I think it's streamlined some of that fiddliness.  




 Haha I'll give you that  




 I don't think it's insulting to call things ameritrash. Maybe for some people it is, I guess. That's just the name that got dumped on it really. I love me some ameritrash. Fortune   Glory is one of my all time favorites. I lean to euros usually, but sometimes it's just great to have go nuts in ameritrash  




 That's what's up /u/Starving_Fartist. I thought you were super new to games based on what your said about your collection, so I was just making a very simplified statement about the genres of games.  




 No, you're right. I'm the one getting angry and defensive lol. Have a good day on the internet! 




 Forgot to ask...you have both Suburbia and Castles of Mad King Ludwig...which do you like best? 




 That's a corgi, not a doge. 




 Yes, Mr. Thesaurus, I was making generalizations about the genres. I never said that ameritrash games couldn't have strategy. Those are what the genres are. Ameritrash - heavy on theme/experiences/randomness - Euros heavy on mechanics/strategy. Are there exceptions? Of course there are. Like anything in the world.  




 As you get deeper into board games, especially once you delve into medium to heavy weight euros, you'll see the thematic elements wane and strategy/mechanic elements increase. Some people love that. Some people look for board games to be more of a thematic elements aka "ameritrash" games. You may just prefer those types of games right now; lots of randomness, look, story telling, immersion and theme.

Try games like **Fortune   Glory**, **Betrayal at House on the Hill**, **Zombicide**, **Last Night On Earth**, **Nexus Ups** and many more. Those are all very heavy thematic and games with more of an immersion into the experience and theme.  




 [Hotels booked through GenCon](http://gencon.com/attend/hotelmap) 




 Actual question...have you ever travelled? Those are pretty much always the most expensive parts of any trip. How you spend money on daily activities/food/souvenirs is totally up to you.  




 Great collection! We have near identical tastes in games, my collection looks a lot like that, and ones you have that I don't are all on my wishlist. What's your favorite game there? Any regrets? 




 I think that's the opposite of the question... 




 For me, it would be **Eclipse.** You see a thousand ships, tiles for tech   science and resource cubes abound, but really when it comes down to it, all you're doing is choosing one of a few actions each turn til you can't do it anymore. Explore, research, attack etc. The mechanics are pretty straight forward once you know what you're doing.  




 The autosave files continually get corrupted and screw the game up every time. I can't find anywhere in the game to disable it 




 So we're just making fun of little people now? Calling them dwarves and laughing because they're on a spyder? How the fuck is that funny? 




 Maybe you should be on your conference call instead of posting to reddit.  




 Great explanation. Thanks a lot! 




 Yea, reading/watching some stuff on Xia just now is where I saw that term. Hadn't heard it before.  









 Some good work put in by /r/boardgames the last two days. I think we killed B N's and ThinkGeek's stock pretty quickly in back to back days 









 haha deal...Eminent Domain, Dead of Winter, Race for the Galaxy, Mice   Mystics, Suburbia, Manhattan Project, Power Grid and Sentinels of the Multiverse are yours :)  




 Wow, I've never really taken a look at all the components. Those are gorgeous! They come pre-painted like that? I'd say worth it. Crap, now I want to spend $85. Damn you.  




 ooo where did you get Xia? It's crazy expensive on Amazon right now. Did you just take the plunge or find a deal somewhere? 




 Great collection! Feel free to send me 1-80 games! 




 [Hmmm](http://i.imgur.com/cI8IHaS.png) 




 Haha nice! I love how we can rationalize game purchases. I've picked up Brass, Castles of Mad King Ludwig   1775: Rebellion in a CSI purchase and now Dead of Winter. All in the past week. I'll have so much unboxing to do, I'm so excited haha. 




 Yea it's not good! This was purchase #4 for me already haha.  




 [ThinkGeek Promo Codes](http://www.retailmenot.com/view/thinkgeek.com?c=6555525)

I haven't tried these, but here are some promo codes from retailmenot.

$10 off $50 - RTMN2015

$10 off when using VISA - VISAUS

$10 off $60 - SLICEOFPI 




 No problem! Whenever I buy from a site online I always check retailmenot.com for a coupon/promo code. Works a lot of the time!  




 Thank you! Finally got it! Can't wait. 

Use promo code E4B8B7J for 15% off. Worked for me!  




 When you say "find a Kingdom," what does 'Kingdom' refer to? A strategy for your deck? 




 If you're leaving the board set, playing asynchronously, **Castles of Burgundy** might not be bad if you have the room. It plays great with 2 people, and it's not bad to play asynchronously as you can always see everything on the board. Just takes a second to remind yourself what your strategy is at.   




 A lot of the games deal with history, but producers Academy Games and GMT Games really focus on educational aspects for their publications. Not sure how many are geared towards younger audiences though.  




 So, 52 games a year?! 




 That doge on the left is definitely familiar with the cheese drawer. 




 I own both **Jamaica** and **Formula D.** Jamaica is definitely not my favorite game. It's super light with very little strategy or skill. Lots of luck. But it's fun with the right group and good gateway or filler game after a brain-burner. 

I really like Formula D. Again, there is a good amount of luck, but there is some strategy and push your luck mechanics that make it more exciting. It's a lot of fun to see your friends try to push for the perfect roll and blow their car up.  




 Can I have it? 




 how about The Duke? It's chess-like, with a few twists...mainly flipping the tiles after you move them to give a new move pattern for that tile. And a turn option to grab a tile from your tile bag to place on the board. It's a lot of fun. One of my favorite 2 player games. 




 Nice. Is it still fun for the person who is the mastermind? 




 When you say mastermind...that's one of the players as well, right? Not just the mechanics of the game itself? 




 The art turned me off right away. I'm just not into anime at all. But I recently listened to a Secret Cabal podcast where they talked about it and, to their surprise, loved it. What are your thoughts on Tragedy Looper if you've played it? 




 Pretty sure I said my question was answered. Generally Amazon doesn't have identical things fulfilled by Prime with very different prices. So, yes, I'm quite familiar.  




 I hear ya. I hope I didn't come across as cynical, I was genuinely curious in the process!  




 Good luck with everything!

Question for you: how do you think something like this will do on indiegogo/kickstarter. The traditional product on this is something that the consumer can get or receive (i.e. a boardgame, toy, music, electronic etc), but as a brick   mortar store, only someone in your area could physically benefit from this. Why, besides out of sheer generosity, would someone outside your area be compelled to support this? Or are you simply expecting the support and funds to come directly from the Beverly area? 




 http://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/63740/hotel-samoa 




 Hotel Samoa? Hotel Tycoon? Maybe [Hotel Life](http://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/4485/hotel-life)? 




 Ah, perfect. That was exactly what I was looking for. Thanks! 




 Ah, ok...so is there any actual difference in the games? Or just how amazon priced the 1st edition Artipia and the second edition that stronghold came on board with? 




 Well they're both amazon prime and both say 'by Stronghold Games' beneath the title. That's why I was confused. 




 [Here was my search result for it](http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss_1?url=search-alias%3Dtoys-and-games field-keywords=among%20the%20stars sprefix=among+the+%2Ctoys-and-games)


On the top row, I understand the middle is the expansion, but why is one Among The Stars listed as $29, and the other at $41? Just weird product coding by Amazon? There's no difference with the one that says Card Game, right? 

**edit:** thanks for the responses, answered my questions! 




 [**Ghost Stories**](http://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/37046/ghost-stories) seems like a pretty good thematic match 




 it was $8.95 for me on ground shipping, $29 for priority. 




 It looks like it's available from PlaidHat Games right now 
























 Don't forget a good chunk bitching about Karen in customer service.  




 Yep. and I'm pretty sure that was used in the Underground Railroad as well.  




 Hidden gem (if you're outside of clarence at least). It's really good.  




 I think he'll be ok.  









 Dear Hockey Gods,

Please please please please please please please. 

Sincerely,

Buffalo 









 I've never backed anything on kickstarter, so I'm not sure how it totally works with the add-ons. I'm looking at backing Trickerion, but I'm wondering if I need to. I'd love all those stretch goals...do stretch goals normally go into the production or are they exclusively to kickstarter backers? 




 A Chicken Without Feathers and A Fabulous Chicken Without Feathers.  




 That is literally exactly what I did. Never realized it carried the timestamp from where I was in the video. Good to know.  




 Shit, sorry. that's weird, I didn't share it with a timestamp or anything, not sure how that happened. My bad.  









 [Looks like it's on Sycamore](http://www.buffalospree.com/Buffalo-Spree/December-2011/Preservation-Ready-Sacred-spaces-under-a-deathwatch/) 




 Love the tilted angle for this shot. Really amplifies the theme of the psychiatric center.  




 Hey, I live in Buffalo! Where is this? Great shot 




 I dig Trajan a lot. It scales well from 2-4 and I think different strategies are highlighted with different player counts. From what I've seen, construction can be very dominant 2p, but easily gets congested. Shipping can be great or working the political track. I love it. One of those games where you want to do everything, but really need to maximize one or two specialities the best you can to win 




 Who says he's the greatest living director? I'm not overly familiar with Refn, but I did a google search of "greatest living director" and didn't see him highlighted in a single list in the results. 

I think [this list](http://www.pastemagazine.com/articles/2010/03/the-fifty-best-living-directors.html?a=1) captured the gist of what I found the most. 
 




 Says the country building a [7 mile 'freezeway' so people can ice skate to work](http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-31581592) 




 Damn, this is chilling 




 Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win. - The Shining 




 Jake? At State Farm? 









 As someone currently in Buffalo...I am envious 




 To buy more cocaine! 




 Computer Monitor 




 I am Dog. Liver of three years. Master of puppy eyes. Destroyer of teddy faces. 




 [Relevant](http://i.imgur.com/R0b9igb.jpg) 




 His legs are longer than that title.  




 As a grown man, I'm not proud of the noise I just made seeing this picture.  




 Florida Man found with 50 dead iguanas in home.  




 [This Thread](https://eserioblog.files.wordpress.com/2014/02/borat.jpg) 




 So, basically what OP did, minus the map? 




 this the video is very nice 




 Well, at least I don't have to guess what's behind this NSFW door.  




 Just throw $80 of more games in there for free shipping! :) 




 I was at the house of a friend who has two boys: a 4 year old and 18 month old. The 18 month old waddled over and open hand smacked the 4 year old in the back of the head. Dad yells at him to not hit, 18 month old waddles over to Dad, and with a sad face puts his arms up to picked up. Dad picks him up, kid open hand smacks him in the face. 


Later that day he took the kids to a play place for kids. They have a big sandbox there. 18 month old would go around and throw sand at all the boys and kiss all the girls.


kid is alpha as fuck.  














 [The wife](http://i57.tinypic.com/1zzkr6f.jpg) 




 It's ink for her fingerprint, not nail polish.  




  "Hot Iranian female voter"

ftfy.

Not shown: unattractive female voters.  




 Just put the rabbit in another room while you work 




 [What if I told you that's not the definition](http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/apocalypse) 




 Time Warner: I see your "asshole," Comcast, and raise you a "cunt." 




 ^broke ^pocket ^hot ^pockeeeet 




 You're right, but SLJ has a lot bigger chunks of those scenes. The Say What One More Time scene is almost all SLJ with Travolta back in the kitchen. And the diner scene has a huge chunk with just SLJ talking to Tim Roth.  




 is that sad bear flavor or pancake flavor? 




 Maybe Congress can just meet Netanyahu at his house.  




 Guy having seizure for 9 seconds while trying to shovel snow.  




 [super original new awesome post that hasn't been posted a ton in the last day](http://karmadecay.com/results/u4716660) 




 Well now I'm just getting mixed messages. I was an English major, dammit. We didn't make graphs!  




 What is socially awkward about needing money?  




 Good price, but not far off from [what it normally is](http://camelcamelcamel.com/Betrayal-At-House-The-Hill/product/B003HC9734). And not the lowest it's been.  




 That's actually pretty neat. I came prepared to say 'how hard is to carry a box???' but the collapsing trays and double sided tiles on the board are pretty slick for busting this out on the go.  




 I should've flipped the axes to make it a little clearer. I did it in a hurry at work.  \_()_/  




 Always an exception to the rule. I'll take young adult ski bum VW/Subaru as an exception for sure.  




 http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2gejnr/got_divorced_lost_my_job_so_me_and_my_buddy_got/ 




 I just want to know what's blurred out in the top left. WHAT IS IT?! 




 I dunno, I just thought he looked like him :) 




 [I made a chart to help explain](http://i.imgur.com/uAQ63Fw.png) 




 http://i.imgur.com/BsaUXwq.png 




 AM I THE ONLY ONE THAT THINKS SOMETHING I KNOW EVERYONE ELSE DOES TOO?! 




 meta bird 




 [reposting form yourself and just removing the first names?](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2w8hu5/abraham_lincoln_vs_cosmo_kramer/) 




 Hallelujah by Jeff Buckley. I know it's done a lot, but it gets me every time. Especially in the West Wing scene it appears in.  




 I did that yesterday. It was rock solid ice. I hurt my toe. I was totally fine...but ouch.   




 nothing in this has anything to do with social awkward or awesomeness. 

maybe if there was a good tutor/poor tutor tucan meme you could use that.  




 oh good grief...lying??? He's telling a specific story of Chris Kyle. If anything short of telling the entire story is a lie than every movie should just be a 400 hour documentary of whatever war they're focusing on.  




 I don't see here what makes me wrong. I was reacting to 1. the quote in the link trivializing and marginalizing soldier's emotions and reactions to war; and 2. on why the movie was and to what aspect of war it chose to focus on. I never said that war movies have no affect on their audience. That's an entirely different debate of whether that is a responsibility film makers should choose to bear or not. Similar to 'athletes have influence on youth, thus they should be required to act like a role model' whether that athletes cares to or not. Clint Eastwood wanted to make a movie about Chris Kyle's life. What people think when they leave the movie is up to them. But it's not wrong to make the movie.  




 Unless this was your ex's shirt or some custom mall t-shirt with a spray painted caricature of the two of you banging that she got for you, this doesn't matter at all.   




 Then I suggest you spend a day at a facility that treats soldiers with injuries and PTSD. Try telling one of those people who put their life on the line to do what they thought was right in fighting terrorists that they're "warmongers" and undeserving of empathy.  




 That's fair, but it doesn't really say anything about slavery or black history month. Whether a slave owner treated slaves with kindness or cruelty is like saying a murderer tortured his victims first or executed them with a painless lethal injection. It's wrong either way.  




 "Wrong people" is a completely subjective opinion. The director of this movie wanted to focus on what a soldier (who I'm pretty sure is an "actual" person) goes through, so he focused on exactly the right person. There are other movies that focus on the citizens of a war torn area. If you prefer those, that's fine. But don't say something is wrong or broken because it looks at an immensely and impossibly large scope through a specific lens to tell the story they want to tell.  




 well shit...someone direct me to the burn unit 




 Welcome to 5th grade french class. 




 This again? Shit like this comes up every war movie. Remove the political biases from it and whatever motives governments may or may not have had to enter a war and continue a war. It's a movie. Soldiers enlist for many different reasons, and during their service, yes, things "make them sad" and a million other feelings as well. Humans enjoy seeing stories about the human emotion; at heart we are empathetic creatures, and are pulled to stories that pull that out of us. People like this "comedian" are infuriating.  




 I'm 90% sure that the Jewish Community Center has racquetball courts.  




 I live in Buffalo, NY so I have some insight. Buffalo has an insane amount of infrastructure to prepare for winter conditions. The city and each surrounding town has an incredible number of plows and salt storehouses. They can clear highways and main roads in no time. 2 feet of snow on a Tuesday night? Bet your ass you're going to school on Wednesday morning. 

Other cities just don't have the infrastructure for it and, just as devastatingly, people don't know how to drive in the conditions, which clog up roads so those few plows that do exist can't get through. It basically comes to cost for these cities: is it worth it to purchase millions of dollars of plows, storehouses, salt stock and pay workers for the 1 storm a year or every few years? Generally, no 




 Just Fries is not the restaurant opening in the mall. Just Fries is coming downtown. #getfried is the name of the restaurant in the mall. Different things.  




 New York City is a city within New York State. New York is a state just like Texas, California, Florida, Minnesota, etc. It'd be like if Paris was called France City...if France was a state. 


[Here's a good map of the 5 Boroughs](https://villagillet.files.wordpress.com/2011/05/ny1.png). The Boroughs are basically just districts in the metropolitan area of NYC. 

[Wikipedia Article on the Boroughs](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Borough_%28New_York_City%29)

 




 [This site](http://www.netstate.com/states/tables/state_millionaires.htm) shows, from 2006 data, 368,388 millionaires in NYS (with 2006 census at 19.1M population) and 33.6 out of 1000 households. That's about 1.9% of the population and 3.36% of households.  




 Twins. 




 [That's true. Really is lowest price ever](http://camelcamelcamel.com/Z-Man-Games-7026ZMG-Agricola/product/B001C7617Q) 




 She did get less grainy. Good for her.  




 It's for Obama's *Get Covered* campaign. This photo is taken from a [video he made in collaboration with BuzzFeed Video.](https://twitter.com/WhiteHouse/status/565923102811369473) 




 Everyone's talking about the fight. I want to know about the giant that took this photo.  




 *If you don't know how to do something, make a video telling people how to do it!* 














 Carcassonne can be played on www.brettspielwelt.de amongst lots of other games. Check it out!

Settlers has a good portal at games.asobrain.com

Dominion has a nice portal at www.playdominion.com as well 




 What? Yes they did. They got the top forward. If/when they finish last year which is extraordinarily likely, they are guaranteed McDavid or Eichel 




 Would this be good to listen to as an audiobook? 




 I'll take that bet everyday of the week. I will also take the team with the #1 farm system in hockey, is about to get McDavid or Eichel and didn't just trade away their only talented forward. But way to come in to another city's sub, politely chime in with your thoughts then turn into a dick when you're rebutted. That'll work out nicely for you in life.  




 hahahaha. Good luck with that. Enjoy the next time you lose your franchise.  




 It's the price of doing business. We're not trading the lottery pick. We have 3 first round picks this year. The other two we got from the Isles   Blues. Those will likely be very late picks. We're giving up the lowest one.  




 It's definitely a lot. But there was a lot of teams calling for Kane. Make a move to get your target, I guess. Trades are usually at a higher cost when it's not right up against the trade deadline. I'll miss Armia   Lemieux, but I think we have enough similar guys to fill in fine 




 But enjoy Armia and Lemieux. Both will be fun to watch. Armia should be up, in your top 6 next year. Has grown a lot this past year and is, by all account, a great kid. Lemieux will be a solid 2nd or 3rd line power forward. Loves to hit and has good hands. 50 points and 120 PIM in 46 games in Barrie this year.  




 Boston said the same for Seguin. He's doing ok for Dallas. 

And regardless of where you stand in the trade, if you think our GM and brass didn't do proper research when pulling off a trade like this, you're delusional. Is it a risk? Maybe. But "attitude" stuff is so overblown. Seguin got run out of Boston because he partied and supposedly had a bad attitude. If Kane scores 30 goals, I don't care where he travels to.  




 From a quick google search...Places with NHL Farm System Rankings:

[Sports Illustrated](http://www.si.com/nhl/2014/07/07/top-five-systems)

[HockeysFuture](http://www.hockeysfuture.com/team-rankings/)

[ESPN](http://insider.espn.go.com/nhl/story/_/id/11348841/ranking-all-30-prospect-pipelines-nhl)

[Bleacher Report](http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1981899-re-ranking-every-nhl-teams-prospect-pool-after-the-2014-trade-deadline/page/31)


Sabres #1 in all of these sites. 




 You know the farm system isn't just Rochester, right? The Sabres farm system is ranked #1 in the NHL right now in terms of prospects. Sam Reinhart, Justin Bailey, Hudson Fasching, JT Compher, Connor Hurley, Mark Pysyk, Jake McCabe, Johan Larsson, and until today Joel Armia and Brendan Lemieux.  




 Nope, I like it. Our farm system is loaded with talent on the level of Armia   Lemiuex. And we got proven elite NHL talent in Kane. You have to pay for that. Hurts to send away Armia   Lemieux, but that's been the plan all along. Acquire as many prospects and picks as possible and use those assets to trade for proven young talent and get as close to the top of the draft as possible. Elite talent wins.  









 ok cool, just wanted to make sure. Don't have much theater going experience and I hate sitting front at movies, so I wasn't sure if that would correlate. Appreciate it 




 How is the pit? Too close? Looks like it's only rear balcony, or the pit or way off to the sides in the lower area 




 I was looking at tickets for upcoming shows and I was wondering about seat suggestions. There's nothing available in the front orchestra areas, except to the far sides. There's a few in the pit, the "loge" and then rear balcony. I'd go for the pit, but I'm not sure if that's too close, like sitting front row at imax? 




 **Quantum** is an abstract strategy game. **The Duke** isn't a euro but still has a lot of strategy and decision making. **Tash-Kalar: Arena of Legends** is highly ranked under bgg abstract games.


/u/r2d8 getinfo 




  The only black person is a voodoo doctor

There is literally a black guy on the cover of the box. I believe his name is Thomas Heart. 




 Slowly ruining kids eyes as they wait for their parents and eventually will come in for their own glasses. Genius.  




 No, he hasn't.  No, he won't.  




 **Castles of Mad King Ludwig** is loads of fun. I like it better than Suburbia as it's less fiddly without the population/income tracks   checking other peoples' towns. Plus the theme is great. Castles are awesome! And the Master Builder mechanic adds some nice depth and strategy to it. Easy to get to the table, easy to teach and fun to play for newbies or experienced gamers.


Of everything you listed, **Dominant Species** would be the hardest to get the table. It's heavy and a really long game. Can easily be 4 hours. 


**Terra Mystica** might be hard if people aren't into heavy games. This game is heavy. There are a lot of rules and sometimes they're a bit scattered in the rulebook. That said, it's #2 or 3 on bgg for a reason. It's a masterpiece of a boardgame. Everything works together wonderfully, it looks incredible and has loads of replayability.


**Machi Koro** is definitely light, but it is fun. If you get this, get the Harbor Expansion with it. It evens out some of the OP strategy. 


For Co-Op, you can't go wrong with Pandemic. It's a classic, and you can uprade the difficulty if you want to to make it more challenging. Same with lots of Co-ops.  




 Well, which is it? Are you suspicious or are you him? 




 At least in America, I find far too many dry scrambled eggs. People leave the eggs in the skillet, still, as they harden, then they flip and break em up a bit, like they were making a diced omelet. For me, the key is to constantly keep stirring them. Keeps any part from cooking too long and ensures optimal moistness throughout.  




 Toilet wine 




 I've heard the new expansion rewards large spread footprints for end game scoring so races that tend to have smaller settlements like Dwarves or Engineers are at a bit of a disadvantage there 




 So what does that mean if you have them in the box? Just throw them out? 




 Yea, a bit. Still a risk/reward of driving someone up on the price I guess. Are the designers working on any rule changes to balance it out? 




 Seems the Shapeshifters are the one imbalanced thing here. Does the bidding balance it out at all? 




 This is the only time I've ever heard something negative about the expansion. I just picked this up now as TM is my favorite game. Only things I've heard is that this takes a great game and makes it even better. 









 [Actual Link](http://www.amazon.com/Sherlock-Holmes-Consulting-Detective-Game/dp/2914849893) 2 left in stock as I post this. 

edit: 0 




 That was my first thought too. About 30 games. Some very expensive games. That's one every 4 days. For just starting in the hobby?  




 See you next tuesday for dinner, Mum! 




 Why? It's still available on [Amazon for $29](http://www.amazon.com/Arcane-Wonders-DTE01SNAWG-Sheriff-Nottingham/dp/B007EZMABG/ref=sr_1_1?s=toys-and-games ie=UTF8 qid=1423231806 sr=1-1 keywords=sheriff+of+nottingham) and [CSI for $23](http://www.coolstuffinc.com/p/205453) 




 blah blah blah fox news blah blah blah. there's articles just like this from any news source.  




 2nd floor of Pearl St would be perfect. I believe they can also reserve that area for parties. It's really not off the beaten path anymore. More and more is down there. Incorporate some of the nearby canalside stuff if you can.

No bonus points for apps, but McGarretts on Elmwood has pool tables, dart boards and a foosball table.  
























 That's some serious tint on those windows. Something's going down in that truck that's making him have to repent so hard.  




 Raccoon Cat. 




 [Apparently yes and no.](http://www.nhl.com/ice/news.htm?id=761122).


They say he's been fined 3 times prior. Apparently you only get 1 game per number of instance. What a joke. 

And it's a joke that the NHL takes into account injury. Players get injured in totally legal plays. Why don't those legal plays get suspensions if injuries are reasons to suspend? And plenty of players are incredibly not injured, like in this instance, or others like countless boarding penalties that could have resulted in devastating neck injuries. It's the ACT, not the result that merits the suspension.  




 He should not be playing hockey right now. The suspension for his crosscheck to the neck should have sidelined him for the season, not 4 games. And Byfuglien only got 2 minutes for that. And no further action after the game. NHL discipline is an absolute joke.  




 Aggressive 




 so you just quote that whole thing to people in conversation, huh?  




 [You are the father.](http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lgisjjDXUM1qcgjnyo1_500.gif) 









 Top 24 Hardwood Floors Found Under Carpeting: #14 Will Blow Your Mind! 




 Owls love playing floor-sock. Entertainment for months and you don't have to shell out a dime.  




 WTF = Wow That's Fuckingawesomeasfucknatureiscool 




 This was me every time the Sabres looked like they were going to win a game.  




 This is actually pretty impressive. Have you ever watched TBS/TNT? 




 Ew. I would never. Gross, dude. 




 I've never seen that either? 




 Jurassic Park came out before you were born. 




 Do you think my boss will mind? 




 Someone please direct Corey Feldman to the burn unit.  




 That's pretty cool. A local theater near me does that every once in awhile. Caught Rear Window there a couple weeks ago.  




 Is that a question or a statement. 




 http://i.imgur.com/epFSELK.jpg 




 So...a muffin? 




 Sorry. I also murdered two people.  









 That's probably why he was able to get the steals 




 Right?? I guess they're only doing solo efforts as top goals because he passed that?  




 Shipping from **Buffalo, NY**

**[H]**

* **Fortune   Glory** Like new - only played once. $60 + shipping

* **Settlers of Catan** Like new - only played a few times. $20?

**[W]** Cash/paypal 




 verizon 




 Wi-Fi is turning itself on. I have Wi-Fi off, and then it just turns on by itself and connects to networks around me.  




 I much prefer Mona Lisa Smile 




 Now I can't tell if you're just fucking with me. 




 100% agree. 




  He hasn't read it yet


From the article: "Musk is a constant reader, and this represents just a small selection of books he has publicly spoken about reading" 




 In the Wi-Fi advanced settings I've unchecked "always allow scanning" but it's still doing this. What else can I do to stop it? 




 I love that Elon Musk included the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy in the books he frequently touches on. Amid all the deep, philosophical and intellectual texts, it's often just as important to laugh and be silly.  




 I'd put Tarasenko, Ovie and Ennis in the top 3.  









 if Fanduel has a player's name in grey font in the lineup, what does that mean? Are they tentative? A subsitute? 




 You should share your analysis with everyone so we can tell if you're on to something or not. For science.  




 My work has very strict restrictions on software downloads and I can't get f.lux at the office. Does anyone know of a settings for the monitor colors/brightness that will mimic the f.lux software? 




 How can I tell if my monitors are "flicker-free" or not? 




 I would just like to thank you for saying RBI and not RBI's 




 I'll be heading up for the weekend stand against the Braves. I'm looking at either the 200 infield level, 1st/3rd baseline or behind home plate. Does anyone have preferences for views? Are there any perks with the 200 level; is it considered 'club' or just higher up? 




 I started DFS earlier this year with NBA and NHL and have been pretty successful. I do a fair amount of research and it's worked out. Through two days of MLB (and I've played regular fantasy baseball for years and follow the sport closely) it's been a disaster. I've scored 14 and 11 points respectively between Monday and Tuesday. How are people consistently successful at MLB DFS? What are people doing to build good lineups day to day? 




 it looks like Scott is listed as the starter, but from what I've read, it looks like Muscala should get more minutes 




 With Cousins out and the terrible defense on both ends, how about Payne as a punt at PF? I'm looking at either him or Muscala/Scott. Thoughts on Payne or which one of those guys? 




 Was going to downvote you until I read your edit. Good point for the illustration...it might work better, and be more reflective of reality, if the money stairs were barricaded by glass walls or something.  




 Why's it named Puzzles? 




 Fans of ??? will be very excited. 




 In my first MLB day ever, I scored 14.5 points on FD. So yea...I guess it's all up from here... 




 If you're around college age, people rent out rooms in houses to students, or people look to sublet their room that's in a house with their friends. I've been on both sides of the subletting arrangement and it's totally fine. You can go, meet the people first and decide if it'd be worth it. You can easily find some spots under $500/month for that. 




 Does anyone else have this problem? It happened on my older macbook and on my new one now, no matter the browser. If I go fullscreen in MLB TV, it only fills like 2/3 of the screen. Any fix to this? 




 I've been refreshing it, I saw one post about an hour ago that had him in the lineup  




 Is Paul Pierce starting/playing tonight??  




 I'm not even mad 




 Holy shit. I was gonna brag about starting fanduel 4 weeks and going from $100 deposit to $191 with NBA/NHL $1-$2 GPP's   H2H's but damn that's some money. 


Also...can I borrow some money? 




 great advice. taking pictures of my bike's serial number when I get home.  




 No, Murphy thinks he's being pinned against something.  




 Thaddeus Young or Ilyasova tonight? Vegas has Nets at 10 more points than Bucks tonight.  




 Thoughts on loading up with Anthony Davis and Cousins?? Big price tags and playing each other, but both teams give up a lot of points to those positions 









 I can't decide between Parsons and Ariza tonight. Any thoughts? 




 Any thoughts of C Parsons v T Ariza tonight? I'm torn on them 









 yea, that's the name 




 As a Sabres fan, this has me a bit worried. Let's say we lock up last place, then lose the lottery getting 2nd pick and Eichel...I'm worried that Murray throws some insane package out there to trade the 2nd pick, Reinhart other prospects/picks for McDavid. He seems to be one of the few that think the gap between McDavid and Eichel is pretty big. I don't think it's that huge...at least not bigger than what it would take to trade for him.  









 Is that an actual Arnold quote? Do you know from where?  




 Or drink the water.  




 I can't tell if this is a joke or not... 




 I live in WNY and it's always taken about a week to get to me. 




 Whenever I take a screen grab with the smart select and share it, if there's any text, the note 4 transcribes all the text from the image into the message. Kind of redundant and can make the message really awkward to send. Is there any way to remove this feature?  




 Where are those? I'm running NHL mostly. I only see 20 man league entries that pay top 3 









 I just started The Gunslinger a couple days ago and my only problem with it is I can't put it down and my girlfriend wants me to "talk to her" during dinner.  




 As a Sabres fan, I'd be offended if I wasn't rooting for them to lose every game 




 Looks like a Feldian sales day. Too bad the AquaSphere and La Isla sales aren't on the same site. 









 It's fantastic. I picked it up a month or so ago when it became available on Amazon at $35. Worth every penny.  




 but seriously...how much do you vary up your lineups when you put in 100 entries? Do you put in 10 each of 10 different ones? Hope a couple of them hit big? try to do as many different ones as possible?  




 Word. I put in two entries in the $2 tournament and won $12. So, yea...I'm upgrading it to a meal at Subway for lunch today.  




 all very true. good points. just stands out when they're the first ones I've done.  




 Yea it's just crazy...the one guy I keep noticing has easily cleared $10k in this week from the entries that I've seen. He's won two tournaments ($3k each) finished 2nd ($2k) and a bunch of other top 10's). I know people play head to heads for big money and what not, so it's not the money that sways me, it's just how someone can consistently do that out of 20,000 people. Especially in something that can be as random as hockey with butt bounces and deflections etc. 




 I just started on fanduel and, as a big hockey fan, have done some of the tournaments the past week. I've noticed one user has won at least two of them and has had several entries in the top 10 every time. I don't get how this is possible. Up to 20,000 entries per tournament, and this one guy can regularly win the whole thing? How many entries do people put into these tournaments? 




 This is possibly the most Canadian joke I've ever heard.  




 Not if you buy $75 of more games :)  




 [Also available on Amazon](http://www.amazon.com/Asmodee-LIBT01USASM-Libertalia-Board-Game/dp/2914849877/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1425991169 sr=8-1 keywords=libertalia) for $33.41 with free shipping if you're a prime member (US) 














  Truly understand their needs

Drugs   alcohol is their needs? Systematic humiliation? Are you kidding me? You know you can actually talk to these people right. You can ask them what they need. Who in here is promoting the humiliation of homeless people? If someone is begging on the street with the sole purpose of extorting money for free booze   drugs, than they're systematically humiliating themselves. If you got off your inane libertarian pedestal you'd see that. if you asked someone what they want, and they said 'cigarettes,' ask why. Chances are if they're that honest, your perfectly picked exception, is probably accurate. If they say food, then you offer to buy it for them, and they say no, then they're lying and want drugs, not something helpful. Your argument isn't controversial. It's short-sighted and lacks any thought of actually engaging the person in conversation. You're just lazy and don't want to be bother finding out what the person needs, you just want to absolve yourself of any responsibility while up on your pedestal of moral disposition.   




 Yep! And if you live somewhere that gets cold...scarves, hats, gloves, etc. Lots of cities are popping up with scarf trees or poles, where people tie scarves (or hats) to trees so the homeless can anonymously grab whatever they need. Donating these warm items and other daily essentials are some of the most important donations to shelters. 




 Exactly. Just move on. Dude was just looking for money for drugs/alcohol.  




 Yes. I'd rather attempt to give sustainable nourishment to someone that is rock bottom than worry about their dignity and just say yes to enabling drugs and alcohol dependence. So would everyone else with a conscience. Please see your downvotes as evidence.  




 Absolutely this. It doesn't ever have to be a surprise. Ask them if they'd like food and what they would prefer or anything they need to avoid.  




 Because you're likely enabling a substance dependence/abuse disorder and not actually helping them get nourishment they may need? Because most chronically homeless have some sort of mental disorder; roughly 1/3rd of the homeless have very severe mental disorders. They're often not in a mindset to differentiate between what's good and bad for them. You may not give a shit if someone drinks themself unconscious or uses heroin, but don't act like you're doing it out of some sort of moral principle. You just don't care. Which is the problem.  




 Use your words. Say hey, I don't have any cash, but is there any food I could get you from the store? If they say no, then all they likely wanted was cash for drugs or alcohol.  




 Or get off your cynical ass, and do volunteer work or check to make sure you're donating to a worthwhile charity. 




 This isn't WTF. This is actually helpful information, albeit posed in a very dramatic manner. I've worked for NPO's focused on aid to impoverished and homeless, and done volunteer work for like organizations in my city. Do NOT give cash. The vast majority of the chronically homeless have mental disorders and substance abuse issues. Maybe they do want food, but when they walk into the 7-11 with your $5, you're damn right they'll see those 40's and buy a couple instead. If you want to do something right there for them, go into the nearest convenient store and buy them a hot meal or hot cocoa. Or find a local organization and volunteer or donate to them. and if you want to make sure the charity you're donating to is worthwhile, visit www.charitywatch.com, www.charitynavigator.com or www.givewell.com. 

Edit: I'm not sure if a lot of these responses saying 'homeless guy said fuck off or threw my food away when I offered' are trying to prove my point or argue against me. You are allowed to talk to them, and ask if they would like food and if so, what they can eat (being aware of allergies). If they say fuck off or no, then just keep on moving, they were only looking for free drugs/alcohol anyway.   ....   and thanks for the gold anonymous stranger! 




  Obviously the picture is blurry

*"and I refuse to take a new one"*

Also, that is zero **Splendor** 




 [Now accepting questions](http://i.imgur.com/Fgsukcg.jpg) 




 Try.  









 I don't know...I'm not picking up a newspaper that is 3/4ths info on Rochester, Syracuse and Albany. I just don't care that much about their local goings on.  




 Have you ever seen a goalie jump?? When the shit has a goalie ever jumped? The crossbar isn't 8 feet high.  









 Fair enough. I was annoyed at other people saying he was deaf etc. /u/excelius was the last I saw and did offer it as a suggestion.  




 No. Person was high. It was only the first question he asked. He literally just forgot to speak out loud and then laughed and spoke normally the rest of the time. Reddit fuckin loves jumping to conclusions without any questions.  




 No, he wasn't deaf (you asshole). It was only the first question. He talked normally after that. He literally just forgot to speak out loud. He also giggled after he realized it and his eyes were bloodshot. I'm not a moron, I know the difference between a deaf person and high person.  




 I just switched from Galaxy S4 to the Note 4. On my S4, the menu button brought up a settings menu. In the Note 4 it brings up the multitasking pane of all the open apps. Can I switch this to the settings pop up menu option? 









  Mesothelioma 

Yea, those damn asbestos dandelions are getting out of hand.  




 There are local Patterson reps with offices on Filmore in Tonawanda and in Crosspoint Pkwy in Getzville.  




 he said "we have two cars." 




 This current war I know we were matched up in a couple minutes. It's usually pretty quick 




 You'd think at some point we'd be the overly strong clan at some point by accident or something  




 My clan of 30 has been getting killed on wars. I don't get how we're being matched up. We are consistently being put against clans with much higher bases than any of us. I don't get it. Why could this be happening?  




 [Thumbs Up](http://i.imgur.com/sn3Brky.gif) 




 Hell yea. Keep up the fight! Just [keep reaching for sticks](http://d24w6bsrhbeh9d.cloudfront.net/photo/a2NXEze_700b.jpg) 




 If you pick the Sabres now no one will call you a bandwagoner! Worst team in the league! But there's oodles of young talent in the pipeline and we're on the inside track for McDavid or Eichel, so we'll have a superstar (hopefully) and contender (hopefully) for years to come.  




 If that's a draw for you then more power to you. I couldn't think of a more boring team than the Devils for in terms of pure style...the Devils are responsible for ruining pre-lockout hockey with their trap. Made games unbearably boring and clogged up. Give me an open, exciting game every time please.  




 Needs more explosions, eagles and dinosaurs.  




 I think Walter's money is just to the right.  




 Remember kids: if there's one instance of something it's true all the time. Someone has clorox wipes on their desk? Office is always dirty! Someone works everyday? Probably no vacation time! 


How about instead of drawing bizarre conclusions from random observations that could have a million different causes, you just ask to see the company's benefits package. That seems reasonable.  




 *"and that wasn't my penis"* 


































 **Heroes of Normandie** is a phenomenal 2P war game. Tons of replayability, really neat mechanics. And even though it's a serious topic (WWII), it's really really *fun*; has a great epic, cinematic feel to it.  




 I think you meant...

"I'll take 'Things People Eat' for $500" 




 I've only played Suburbia Inc. It's fantastic.  




 If you really love Suburbia, CoMKL might fall a little flat for you. CoMKL is more of a streamlined, less complicated Suburbia. The master builder mechanic is neat, but works best with 4. CoMKL is definitely not as heavy as Suburbia, so if you're looking for a lighter version of Suburbia, then it's perfect. If you're looking to up your Suburbia action, then go with the expansion.  









 I want my $2.99 back, CSI! 




 Sarah Palin and a microphone.  




 Shipping from Buffalo, NY

**[H]** **Fortune   Glory: The Cliffhanger Game**. The game is in perfect condition. I played it once, just not for me. 

**[W]** Cash/PayPal/Amazon  




 Well, the vast majority of boards wouldn't in a shoebox, so you can pretty much throw whatever deck builders   card games you own in there.  




 If you have Terra Mystica, you need to get the Fire   Ice expansion. TM is my favorite game of all time and the expansion makes it even better. It's just incredible. 

Also, I'd go KoNY over KoT. It adds a little more depth and strategy. 

From the rest of your games you want, it seems like you're looking at lighter, more social games. I'd check out **Sheriff of Nottingham**, **Small World**, **Forbidden Desert**, **Flash Point: Fire Rescuet**, **Bohnanza**.

/u/r2d8 getinfo


edit: trying to format game names for bot. wrong flashpoint and smallworld typo. 




 You have game nights with 20-30 people?? Where are you??? 

Also, if you have that many people, I wouldn't worry. There's going to be so many games going around, people can do what they want. If you want to bust out a 2P game...go for it. I'd say 2P games would be less played if you have 4-6 people because it's more intimate, it feels slightly weirder to split into 2 groups.  









 It's not local, but you want to check out [Chessex](http://www.chessex.com/index.html). All kinds of custom dice 




 Dominion: Adventures and Medina 




 I don't even like Settlers but I want this. That is awesome! Love the covers for the different colors. 

Question about the printing...how long does it take to print all that? Are the materials for the printer expensive? Can I have your 3D printer? 




 Damn you damn you damn you. $33 is not a sale when you just made me buy $100 of games for free shipping! 


But totally worth it :)  




 Take a gander at the right hand column 




 Nah, I'm talking about just rolling with cruise control on for awhile, then a guy passes, merges into my lane and just slows the hell down for no reason. 




 [Checks out](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/35vny7/36_year_old_high_school_drop_out_father_of_two/cr89e14) 




 I just don't understand why they have then slow down so much once they merge back into my lane. You just passed me. If I was driving too slow, why did you go in front of me to then just drop your speed below mine??  




 [**Robinson Crusoe**](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/121921/robinson-crusoe-adventure-cursed-island). Enjoy! 









 Ha, yep. It's all about playing your opponent. That's what makes it so fun. When you flip the play cards and you have those "HOW DID YOU KNOW I WAS GOING TO RUN THAT PLAY?!" moments. Hilarious.  




 Hmm...maybe all my nieces and nephews are just dumb. 




 [**1st   Goal**](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/95105/1st-goal) is a very fun 2P game. Not super strategic, has a good amount of luck, but it's a blast if you want to goof around with your buddy for an hour, not take it too seriously! 




 Agreed. It's pretty much LA or that little Fitness 19 next to Tops.  




 I can't imagine an 8 year old having a world of fun with Agricola. Agricola is a heavy, heavy game. There are so many other games that would provide a better experience for a young kid.


edit: saw a comment below and definitely forgot about the easier family variant.   




 Good for him. They have lots of good food in SF.  




 "Mom, you must've downloaded another virus. I have no idea how all that porn got on there." 




 I joined when they first opened and it was incredible. I went after work and there was like 15 people in the entire place. Place is bananas now. Had to quit.  




 DJ Scratches 




 There was a spider in the car 




 *They're uh...they're flocking this way* 




 Part of me wishes he was so I could see him more.  




 I can't believe all the Bruges poo-pooing I'm seeing here. I love this game. Lots of different paths to victories. Good interaction. I love the artwork and components. The amount and variety of cards always offer a unique experience. And I always appreciate a game where you just can't do everything. It really forces you to pick a strategy to focus on, while balancing the other paths to victory a bit as well. Love me some Bruges.  




 Yea. I bought this game when it came out. I like the master builder mechanic, but it really falls flat after that. My biggest peeve is that once the game is over, I don't feel like I did a lot. I want my castle to be bigger!  




 This. I own and love this game and I have had a few plays that were just awful because of the group. People would stare at their phones, or just leave the table when it wasn't their turn and just do whatever on their turn. Brutal. You need a group that will get into the theme, the story of the crossroads, etc. And always try to vote someone out. It's hilarious.  




 Why is the goal for this set at only $100? That seems fishy. 




 Well that's just not true. Look through this thread alone for evidence of that. And as a few people have pointed out, Roethlisberger was never even charged with anything. Just accused by a woman he had sex with in a bathroom. Sleevey? Definitely. Rape...maybe? no one will know at all for sure. And Lewis was charged with accessory, meaning he was there, but charges were dropped. Again, obviously not saying deflating footballs is remotely close to anything in the realm of rape/murder/DV. Which is the point. Pictures like these are trying to make the NFL look like they value both the same. And that's just stupid.  




 Not saying he's actually guilty or innocent, but they also happen to be the most falsely reported crime. Especially against famous people. Two sides to that coin for sure.  




 He keeps using that word. I don't think it means what he thinks it means.  




 Reddit   horseshoes: where close enough is good enough.  




 Can't win a suspension appeal unless you're suspended... 




  In fact, of the balls that they measured from the Colts, 3/4 were also under-inflated, but for some reason they stopped measuring there.

*Today in, 'Made Up Facts That Sound Real Because They Were Said As Fact.'* 




 I get your point for sure. I think it was the absolute perfect storm for him. There was a definite quiet boiling of public ire at the NFL for their treatment (or lack thereof) of players with records of domestic violence. Then Ray Rice in the elevator happened, with the added bonus of the smoking gun in the form of a video. That visceral evidence blows it out of the water. Can you imagine if tape surfaced of Mike Vick killing dogs? Or of Greg Hardy beating the hell out of a series of women? They'd have never set foot within a country mile of an NFL city. Ever. They'd have been burned at the stake. People don't forget when they see the evidence. 

The NFL completely underestimated this growing resentment and media interest in the Ray Rice case. They tried to cover up and give a weak pass to protect their brand and keep pretending they're a nice company with nice people. Then the public flipped out and the NFL had to conjure up "new evidence" that led them to suspend Rice indefinitely to appear tough on DV.  




 [ya sure?](http://www.nfl.com/news/story/0ap3000000430302/article/adrian-peterson-suspended-without-pay-for-rest-of-14) 




 Yep, you're right, thanks for clarifying!  




 Well I guess that's just not as catchy as "murderer" 




 This is about the 100th time I've seen this. This photo is a disgrace. Lewis: acquitted (make your jokes). Mayweather convicted and served jail time and absolutely everyone agrees he's a piece of shit. Roethlisberger: acquitted (make your jokes). Ray Rice: suspended from NFL indefinitely and still remains out of league. AP suspended last year for remainder of season. 

They all were either acquitted in trial or depositions, or served far worse punishments than anything Brady will get. And no one thinks these are comparable moral actions. Just stop with this crap. 


edit: thank you /u/Ravenman2423 and anonymous gilder for the gold. 




 "Cool" 




 "Who are you quoting?" 




 Not sure if it's because you don't like euro games or heavier games based on your collection, but if you're looking to fill that void, I'd go with a euro. Keyflower and Caverna are fantastic. Terra Mystica is my all time favorite game, especially if you're looking for heavier. For worker placement, I'd look at Manhattan Project, Stone Age, Lords of Waterdeep or Spyrium. The game of the week right now is Bruges and that is immensely fun. Pretty easy to get into and a ton of depth/replayability. 




 Ah ok, so would 1 person load the app up and it gives you a code for that specific game? 




 Can each person use their own phone/tablet for the app or do you need to use one to keep track of what it's spitting out for the potions? Not sure how this works, we're planning on playing for the first time tonight.  




 Then he's an asshole. I'm a 3 handicap golfer. My best friend has a handicap somewhere in the high 20's. We play together all the time, often with people on par with him. Good golfers, myself included, generally don't care if you suck as long as you play quick. If you suck and take a ton of practice swings, walk slow, switch clubs, and drag the round down, then we don't want to play with you...same as if you were a good golfer (it just gets exaggerated when you're bad). Keep up the pace, and no one (besides assholes) will mind. 




 You literally just copied a comment from a recent LPT 




 Not very familiar with Chicago...what is the island in the front right? 




 #JocWatch 




 Awesome, thanks for that link, I haven't seen that before. Really helpful. And I checked and it looks like we'll be row 1 in 212 or Row 10 in 113. 




 I was offered tickets in either section 212 or 113 (my choice) from a coworker. Any opinions on preferences of sight-lines and viewing from either section? I'd be sitting in the front few rows of either section 




 If you have a problem taking sound advice from someone that either 1. ignores it themselves or 2. learned from their past mistakes, you're going to have a real hard time in life because you will run into a lot of those people. 


You want to make fun of your mom for not working hard and use that as a reason to not work hard yourself? And you think that's not idiotic? Fast forward twenty years and your kid will be thinking the same exact thing as you are.  




 [Neighbor is gonna be all like](http://wildcraftvita.blogspot.it/2013/01/things-to-do-with-dandelions.html) 




 *Fuckin'- What the fuckin'. Fuck. Who the fuck fucked this fucking... How did you two fucking fucks...Fuck!* 




 "why the hell did you throw this thing on me?" 




 Craigslist and Artvoice classifieds are probably your best bet for apartments, especially in Elmwood/Allentown area. If you like the downtown loft vibe, [The Buffalo Lofts](http://thebuffalolofts.com/) have several locations around the area. Take a look through North Buffalo as well. If you like Elmwood, Hertel Ave is coming up nicely as well and is likely a bit cheaper. 




 We drove our tank through the basement door! 




 Blues should step up with some real loyalty and offer him a 15 year contract 




 strange looking hermit crab 




 If you wanted this meme to make any sense, your thought should at least been "if cigarette tax reduces smoking, does income tax reduce earning?" 

To answer your meme...of course income tax reduces your fucking income. 




 I saw this exact meme yesterday, but that's none of my business 




 It's the playoffs. There are no penalties, silly.  




 [Well](http://img.pandawhale.com/139403-excuse-me-gif-Tobias-Funke-Arr-3Gxe.gif). 

Seriously though. That's crazy. I'm willing to bet that's faster than I could do, and I even played hockey as a kid.  




 Who says that was 80mph? 




 Yea, I don't remember being this fed up with the playoffs before. It's just brutal. Every other major sport has realized that offense is more exciting and sells. NFL, NBA have cracked down on rules to open the game up and MLB is working to speed things up. NHL is going backward and backwards because old school guys wants to keep the game "tough." Meanwhile, the NHL leader in points this year was in the 80's. Derek freaking Roy scored in the 80's for the Sabres a few years ago.  




 Maybe he has some disorder where he can't spell anoi a-words correctly, ant we're just eh bunch of insensitive asslohlles.  




 [No one has ever screwed up spelling "absolutely" as much as you just did. Congrats!](https://www.google.com/search?q=Absoalluly oq=Absoalluly aqs=chrome..69i57j69i61 sourceid=chrome es_sm=93 ie=UTF-8#safe=active q=%22absoalluly%22) 




 My issue is with how clogged up the NHL allows playoffs to be. They throw out the rule book and there is grabbing/interference/cross-checks/more interference/holding/hooking/boarding/more interference again than I ever remember seeing. With the rare exceptions every game seems to end 2-1 and every goal seems to be a tip in from the point. It's just not fun to watch. How are other people feeling about this? 




 Hopefully Sansa is less whiny in this movie.  




 Good. Skinny Jonah creeped everyone out 




 *You don't turn your back on witches...even when they do* 




 Where do you work at noon? 




 Ha, nice. I think I'll upvote just because it's so bad. 




 One of the most incorrect uses of a meme I have ever seen. Bravo.  




 [OP](http://i.imgur.com/q0QKmzJ.jpg) 




 A puppy 




 Well if an MMA fighter is speaking out against vaccinations, maybe I should reconsider... 




 No and you can't make me 




 It wasn't at all. Perhaps you just don't like or are not familiar with some forms of contemporary dance 




 Great video. I liked the part with the cocaine 




 Yea ok. The guy finished 8th in Season 4 of So You Think You Can Dance and the girl finished 3rd in her season on the show. They have continued to dance professionally. They are exceptional, world-class talents.  




 [ESPN had a reply on twitter](https://twitter.com/kc_barnett/status/593081949935243264) 









 [That's what I'm saying to you](https://youtu.be/mnwyqxdgnEI?t=1m50s) 




 There's always one that double replies... 




 * Where The Red Fern Grows of Dicks

* Where The Wild Things Are of Dicks

* Charlotte's Web of Dicks

* Harold and The Purple Crayon of Dicks

* Charlie and The Chocolate Factory of Dicks

* The Giving Tree of Dicks

* The Lion, The Witch, The Wardrobe of Dicks

* The Secret Garden of Dicks

* Treasure Island of Dicks

* The BFG of Dicks

* Black Beauty of Dicks

* Horton Hears a Who of Dicks

* Cloudy With A Chance of Dicks (I cheated, I know)

* The Lorax of Dicks

* The Giver of Dicks

* Not a Box of Dicks

* The Kissing Hand of Dicks

* Once Upon A Potty of Dicks

* The Cat In The Hat of Dicks

* Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2 of Dicks 




 Harry Potter and The Sorcerer's Stone of Dicks 




 Bryce Harper -- the most punchable face in the universe 









 Yea, but they really held the stage together, dude.  




 Every person losing an argument: "dude calm down, why are you taking this so seriously."  




 As a Braves fan...no thank you.  




 I move slavs?
 




 I think I've seen this movie... 




 Obviously this island is a secret Illuminati lair  




 Yea, that's a bizarre clause. Baseball contracts are fully guaranteed. This makes it sound like teams can just say "well you're bad now, we're going to stop paying you." Either this has to have some sort of insanely high threshold of ineptitude or I don't know what.  




 Yea, that's not how formal notices of resignation work. You include, in writing, the date and time frame of your departure. Given this exact notice in writing, the employer has rights to accept their resignation effective immediately.  




 Wow, that is incredible. [Some further information on Aogashima](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aogashima). Population estimate of 170.  




 Because she probably didn't email an imgur link to her boss with the title "my two week notice." No where in the letter does she give notice of two weeks. All she says is "immediately."  




 Doing the wave: expert level 









 /r/passiveaggressive Hall of Fame - unanimous selection. 


Also, it's not a two week notice when you say "immediately."


Edit: Seriously people on the "what's so hard to understand about the two weeks notice?" Take the title of her post out of the equation and look at the letter. Not a single time does she mention giving notice of two weeks. All she says is "immediately" at the end. As an employer, if I got this letter, I'd be surprised as hell to see this girl show up the next day.  




 [Alternate shitty quality version](http://i.imgur.com/pRuW22h.png) 




 http://i.imgur.com/D6ewEyU.jpg 




 People that say "drollery" are always fun.


Edit: /u/whiteskwirl2's previous comment was "weakest cumshot ever." on a porn gif, so clearly this low-content drollery is beneath him.   




 Ya'll get any of them strikes??? 




 Off to /r/cityporn with you 




 *"Why would I want to go anywhere when I'm in the greatest country in the world already??"* 




 Meh. 




 "As long as we punch people in the head and crosscheck necks, we'll be alright" 




 their existing contracts... 




 Players   coaches don't give a shit about ticket sales.  




 Don't put a TLDR on the most beautiful thing you have ever read. Trust its beauty for people to enjoy in it's full length.  




 More like "cops are coming, sweep the cocaine away!" 




 To make this a full socially awesome penguin...you should have sneaked into the car, quickly turned engine on, and floor it. Drive straight home, with proper speed and momentum, making sure they remain on the hood at all times. Bring them inside, tip your fedora, cook them spaghetti, have a three-way. Make success kid meme. Turns out, one of em had herpes. Make a Bad Luck Brian meme.  
























 **1775: Rebellion** isn't necessarily gateway, but it's actually pretty light and a lot of fun. It's basically a move and battle game with good tactics. And it's history based. The rulebook offers a lot of history behind the cards and events too which is great. 


**Pandemic** is a very popular game that is lighter and cooperative so can help with the community engagement. The dice version, **Pandemic: The Cure** is great too.


**Takenoko** is a great gateway game. Light, has some depth of strategy and is beautiful looking. It's one of very few games I can get my SO to play. Appeals to a large demographic.


**Bohnanza** is one of my favorites. Very easy to learn, social trading game. Lots of fun.


**Hanabi** is a great social game. Very cheap too. 


**Lords of Vegas** maybe. Just a fun game. Some strategy, but mostly just a fun, crazy time of building casinos, gambling and rolling dice. 


Some other party games like **Wits   Wagers**, **Time's Up!**, **Concept**, **Mascarade**, **Pictomania** and **Snake Oil** are all great options too. Tons of fun there.

edit: pandemic mix up


/u/r2d8 getinfo 




 You're going to have to narrow it down a little.

If you want something light aka a good gateway game to get people into the hobby, check [this list out](https://boardgamegeek.com/thread/1116308/top-150-best-gateway-games-results). 

What kind of game are you looking for? A party game? Card game? Something with a lot of strategy? Something with more of an overall experience and story?  




 Do we serve literabeer? 




 Space Hulk? Didn't know there was an app for that. How does it play? The game is so gigantic, I can't imagine it on a phone 




 /whoosh 




 Board games take a run at video games over the next decade...


* 2015 - Settlers of Catan: Modern Woodfare

* 2016 - Settlers of Catan: Sheeps

* 2017 - Settlers of Catan: Brick Ops

* 2018 - Settlers of Catan: Modern Woodfare 2

* 2019 - Settlers of Catan: World at Ore

* 2020 - Settlers of Catan: Brick Ops II

* 2021 - El Grande Theft Auto VI

* 2022 - Small Mario World

* 2023 - Ticket To Ride: San Andreas

* 2024 - Sid Meier's Civilization  




 I hadn't heard much of this game, so maybe others haven't either.

Here's the [BGG Link](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/148601/1944-race-rhine)

And [SU SD Review](http://www.shutupandsitdown.com/blog/post/review-1944-race-rhine/) 









 Someone will definitely buy/trade it off of you when it's finally released. It'll be like a once cherished relic has been found after eons in the ground.  




 Yea! Came here to say this. Sometimes it's just great to relax and revisit some classic card games like pinochle. And of course wage intense, curse filled battles for hours on family night over them :)  




 Well it was $40.32 at Amazon when I posted. I wasn't lying. Just sharing information, that's why I put all the prices in the title.  




 Yes, can't believe I forgot **Libertalia**. So much fun.  




 Right. And generally speaking, if you're the home team for Games 1-2, you're the better team...and the better team will win more often than not.  




 **Jamaica** might fit very well as a lighter option with all that heavy stuff your group. Quick, light, fun pirate themed game. 


**Archipelago** may fit the bill! Cooperative with secret objectives, it's a nautical/resource/economic management game. Lots of fun.


**Panamax** was just released to pretty strong reviews. Haven't played it myself, but it has ships that do ship things I guess. 


**Le Havre** technically has a port/nautical theme, and regardless of theme it's a phenomenal game.


**Amerigo** is a great Feld game where you discover new lands and develop trade routes etc. 


**Black Fleet** is also a lot of fun, and a little lighter if you want.


/u/r2d8 getinfo 




 "NHL To Seattle" doesn't sound like a biased website at all.  




 As a living non-viking Sabres fan, I have literally no idea.  









 That kid is going places. Most likely jails, but still...places. 




 This. Can incorporate your collection, track plays etc. Very useful 




 Thanks. Not sure why I'm being downvoted lol 




 I don't think I have ever seen a "the team that wins Game X wins the series Y% of the time" that was not in their favor. Every single time the winner of a given game has won the series more often than not. I'm sick of these stats. 


After Game 1 all I heard for Blackhawks was "the team that wins game 1 wins the stanley cup 284456% of the time." After Game 2 for Lightning, "the team that wins Game 2 has never allowed a goal ever again." After Game 3, "any team that has won Games 2 and 3 of Finals is automatically given the cup and enshrined in Valhalla for eternity."  




 I wouldn't even break it up into sessions. You'd still have to sit through 2-3 hours of video to watch someone play a game. People won't do that. Even Rahdo trims his down to under an hour and then gives a separate link if you really want to watch the extended gameplay. Look at what TableTop does in a lot of their videos...at some point they typically have an 'In the interest of time..." cut montage. And in the normal span of the video, they've edited out down time in the gameplay.  




 If you want people to watch your videos, just a bit of advice for you...


No one has ever woken up one day and said "I'd like to watch a two and a half hour still cam video of someone playing Smash Up." 


As soon as I saw that run time, it was a big nope. Need to learn to edit and trim it down to a manageable viewing experience.  




 [This is a sale??](http://reactiongif.org/wp-content/uploads/GIF/2014/08/GIF-WTF-DAFUQ-Tha-fuck-what-the-fuck-Kanye-West-GIF.gif) 




 **Last Will**


...


Too soon? 




 Have expensive shipping: people complain

Negotiate new low-rate deal with Fed-Ex: people complain.  




 All good games, but personally I'd absolutely lean to **Eclipse**, especially with 4x. It's a beautifully designed game. It scales well, you can feel the game escalate as you go, there are lots of different viable paths to victory. Battle is a lot of fun, and the alien races really help to further mix it up and add variety.  




 Thank you, this was the answer I was looking for.  




 Rule #14 - if your artwork displays non-white people, someone somewhere will find a way to think it's a racist depiction of that race.  









 How is your beard? 




 What's the conversion rate of Schrute Bucks to Stanley Nickels? 




 Unless you upped the shipping to air, it will go ground. Probably around 5-7 days give or take, depending where you.  




 Warning: that link goes directly to the facebook app store with a pop up to install the game.  




 Yea but for $1,499 you can get a *limited edition game AND a digital copy AND a look at how they made the art!* What a deal! 




 This. I'm more into heavier games. But I have some friends that I just can't get to sit down for those, and Stone Age will fit a nice medium niche for me. I have lots of heavy stuff. 




 That's a sweet old card table. Great find. It's a card table so any kind of 4P trick taking game would be perfect...**Ticchu**, **Diamonds**, **Chimera** (3P). Small 2P games would be great too: **Jaipur**, **Targi**, **Battle Line**, **Hive**, **The Duke**, **Race For the Galaxy**.

Other 2-4P games that don't take up much room that I can think of quickly...**Blueprints**, **Dominion**, **Bohnanza**, **Love Letter** (or any micro game), **Forbidden Desert**, **Hanabi**, **Scrabble**, **King of Tokyo**, **King of New York**, **Spyrium**. 


/u/r2d8 getinfo 




 Great point. I have all but 2 dominion expansions anyway, and a couple of those have barely been touched. Plus what /u/Grey-Ferret said about the card stock issues, I'm dropping Adventures for now.  




 She says that's not an option :( 









 Any other game you'd compare it to? 




 Have had this in my Amazon Wishlist (along with basically every board game) for awhile. Just noticed the price drop today. Thoughts on this game? Has pretty good ratings on bgg 




 Do I like the game? Does the expansion look cool? Do I have money? If I have answered yes to these three questions, then the expansion will be purchased. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWM7q0BZm2Y 




 Yea, but aren't they just deals because no one likes those games?? 




 Nice try, Hillary pollsters. 




 I've seen this on reddit before 




 Those are cool and all, but am I the only that doesn't really care about buying fancy dice? There's so many of these things popping up now.  




 Agreed. That guy is way too old to be wearing American Eagle. 




 Now you just can't see the ashes in the bottom of the vase when he taps them in there.  




 The Note 4 is already big enough. I don't have a case now because I don't want to add bulk. I can't tell by the pictures...is this pretty slim or does it add a good amount of bulk to the phone? 




 Welcome back confession bear. Now this is a quality use of the meme. Not a murder confession. Not just some shitty opinion about something. But a good old fashioned weird ass thing that you wouldn't want people to know. I dig it. Sip on, OP. Sip on.  









 Wood? 









 Brevity helps more than it hurts.  




 Your econ professor should learn about cause and effect. 




 My strategy in Dead of Winter: have the most fun as possible. I lean towards heavy euros, and DoW is the one more thematic co-op game I can really get into. The game objectives and secret objectives mix it up so much, and the group dynamic has such a high delta, I just roll with it each time. Have fun, mix it up! Enjoy the crossroads, doing new things. At least, that's what works for me. 




 Good grief, that's awesome. 

6/2/15 on /r/boardgames - *calling all rich people, calling all rich people.* 




 Go Twins 




 Posting a COMC on the same day as /u/Aldie. [Bold strategy, Cotton.](http://img.pandawhale.com/121731-bold-strategy-cotton-meme-imgu-wLno.png) 




 Facebook page has a link to their [GoFundMe Page](http://www.gofundme.com/rotundchallenge). More info there.  




 Just needs satisfaction from saying he doesn't need satisfaction, and some karma, huh? 




 Sleeper Cab 5000 




 Post thief. 




 Do you sell prints? My girlfriend adores Paris and I know she'd love this shot.  




 Someone help me with the name of this app...

There's an app (maybe $4.99?) that will play game specific music to add to the theme and experience. I can't remember the name exactly. I know the Secret Cabal guys have talked about it a couple times. 


Other than that...the scores to Star Wars seems like a pretty obvious choice.  




 Well, you could just do that. 




 [What gold??](http://i.imgur.com/uJ9PwM1.jpg) 




 Honest question...I haven't played any NHL game in years. How are they now? Worth picking NHL 14 or 15 up?

**edit**: awesome feedback, thanks guys. Especially with Eichel coming to my Sabres I think I'll just hold tight for '16 :) 




 * http://www.livescience.com/13867-raft-fire-ants-buoyancy-flood-water-repellant-floatation.html

* http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/gxi7s/you_think_water_kills_fire_ants_think_again

* http://www.reddit.com/r/thingsforants/comments/2yjkqf/what_is_this_a_floating_bridge_made_out_of_fire/

* http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1gu0gq/welcome_to_floridawhere_fire_ants_float/

 




 PM'd you 




 Located in Buffalo, NY

**[H]**

* **Fortune   Glory: The Cliffhanger Game** - Excellent condition only played once.

* **Settlers of Catan** - Great condition, only played a couple of times

* **Race for the Galaxy** - Very good condition. 

**[W]**

* PayPal/Amazon gift card [will also offer paypal/amazon for any of these below]

* **Keyflower**

* **Roll For the Galaxy**

* **Fury of Dracula**

* **Russian Railroads**

* **Mythotopia**

* **Last Will**

* **Medina**

* **Scoville**

* **Heroes of Normandie**

* **Core Worlds**
 




 A lot of Stefan Feld games scale wonderfully well. **Castles of Burgundy** is fantastic at any player count. **Trajan** scales well too and to mix it up, different strategies work better at different player counts. I've enjoyed **Aquasphere** and **Bora Bora** a lot with various player counts too. 


/u/r2d8 getinfo 




 If you're asking for feedback...

* Just posting here and saying "Here's the link" doesn't show much effort or passion for your game


* Most importantly, the backer levels are insane. $20 or $35 just for a freaking digital image of the game?? What is that about? $50 for a game that looks like that? Seems high. Then another $100 **FOR TWO GLOW IN THE DARK DICE?!** WHAT?? $250 for a game, two dice and an autograph from someone that's never designed a game before?? And $750 for a glossy version?? At this point it starts to read and feel like a scam. 

I wouldn't touch this kickstarter with a 100 foot pole. 









 Picture 2 = Unicorn 




 Vino's on Elmwood is a great local mom   pop spot. Small menu Italian food that is outstanding. Intimate and not that expensive at all. 




 I'd say hop into some others. If you have your eyes set on Prosperity   Seaside, go for it; they're both great. You can find plenty of comparison threads in this sub on all the expansions. and www.dominionstrategy.com as well has tons and tons of info 




 You're factually untrue. 

^^nailed ^^it. 




 I think Intrigue is the better game. Slightly more advanced cards, ~~more player interaction~~, a bit more depth to strategy and variety in the kingdoms. You won't go wrong either way, but I'd give an edge to Intrigue. 


edit: not more player interaction. I'm wrong. Taken from the Dominion Wiki...

 "Intrigue developed a somewhat unfounded reputation as a highly attack-heavy expansion: in actuality, Intrigue contains fewer Attack cards than the base set and fewer than the next expansion, Seaside. This reputation arises in part from the fact that the Attack cards Intrigue does have all have a reputation as particularly annoying attacks to get hit by (even the relatively weak Saboteur, which is unpleasant out of proportion to how effective it is), and in part because it has some non-Attack cards (Masquerade and Tribute) that affect players in ways that occasionally make them feel like they're being attacked." 




 the fuck is motivating about this? 




 If I've learned anything from following Chip on twitter it's that he hates spelling out "you" and he fucking loves exclamation marks.  




 If you want a loose, fun, gambling type game check out **Lords of Vegas**. 

**Acquire** is an absolute classic. 

**For Sale** is about buying   selling real estate

**Last Will** is almost the reverse. Super fun game about blowing your inheritance as fast as possible.

**Merchant of Venus** may be a stretch, but in that you're playing space traders seeking the biggest fortune. 

/u/r2d8 getinfo 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/boardgames/comments/37hudd/origins_advice_for_a_rookie/ 




 http://i.imgur.com/RK7OOrL.jpg 




 **The Duke** is a 2P game where you're moving tiles on a board, akin to chess. The only functional things you'll need to do is move a tile, flip a tile or pick a tile out of a bag. If she can't, you could do those for her. 


Can your wife at least pick little things up with 2 fingers? A lot of worker placement games might work. **Le Havre** (cards are laid out in front of you, not in hand), **Bora Bora**, **Manhattan Project**, **Tzolk'in: The Mayan Calendar** there aren't cards-in-hand involved; just moving/placing workers or goods.  




 Is this a charger for your charger? 




 * **Time's Up!** may be an option (the first 2 rounds at least) since it's auditory based. 

* **Bananagrams** and **Scrabble** both have [braille](http://www.amazon.com/Deluxe-Scrabble-Game-Braille-Version/dp/B000YL1XEM) [versions](http://www.maxiaids.com/products/10070/Bananagrams-Word-Game-with-Braille-Tiles.html).

* Lastly and likely most beneficial, a [recent Kickstarter](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/64ouncegames/board-games-now-blind-accessible/description) for **64 Oz Games** put out a product that helps (some) board games become blind accessible with transparent sleeves and custom dice. The campaign has completed, but they are [operating at their website](http://store.64ouncegames.com/) 




 Is there a creepy-future-taxidermy-hobbyist-penguin meme? OP should use that. 




 I don't know. It was just a dry response to a fairly obvious question.  




 I had cards that were worn out from being played with. I wish they were sleeved.  




 $60 would be good  




 * **1**775: Rebellion

* **A**quasphere

* **B**ora Bora

* **C**oncordia

* **D**ominion: Intrigue

* **E**clipse

* **F**ormula D

* **G**ame of Thrones

* **H**anabi

* **I**stanbul

* **J**aipur

* **K**eyflower

* **L**e Havre

* **M**anhattan Project

* **N**othing Personal

* **O**ra et Labora

* **P**uerto Rico

* **Q**wirkle?

* **R**ace for the Galaxy

* **S**pyrium

* **T**erra Mystica (and Fire   Ice!)

* **U**no??

* **V**illage

* **W**its and Wagers

* **X**-Wing

* **Y** aren't there games with a Y?

* t**Z**olkin :) 




 Someone likes Mr. Feld :) 




 Well this is awkward... 




 The only other choice?! Terra Mystica! Twilight Struggle! 









 But why not *Victory Pint*? 




 If he's not someone your willing to cut loose, and he's that good of a friend...Step 1: politely remind him that since you acquiesce all the time, he can go shove it or play a game everyone else wants to for once. Step 2: play the game with him or with him watching.  




 That's how they get you! 




 Yea, but you get a lot more information if you go to their [website](http://foxwellstudios.weebly./?_sm_au_=iHVV242Q7NpQHPVq) 




 Checks out. 




 This is not even a re moat leigh good example 




 *Made in America...Now Pricer AND Shittier Than Overseas!* 




 I'll take Keyflower off your hands if you want :) 




 How do you like **Keyflower** and **Among The Stars**?


Also, you don't own **Terra Mystica** and that is wrong and you should fix that.  









 Tell me about this God ben. Is he a generous God ben? 




 Now that is my kind of game collection. Spot on to my tastes. Let's be friends.  




 *"Tomorrow night is Letterman's farewell show and I would like it if you would make sure to watch that instead of our show. We will have a show tomorrow night, but it's gonna be a rerun. Please do not watch it. Especially if you're a young person who doesn't know what all the fuss is about. Dave is the best and you should see him."*


Now that is absolute class. Couldn't respect Jimmy more for that.  




 Checks out.  




 Fuck. That stupid fucking mouth biting that blade of grass is the cutest fucking thing I've ever seen.  




 Works better if you crop out the murder. 
 




 It's much more interactive. Instead of just having 'Tokyo' as the board, the board is all 5 burroughs of NYC, and Manhattan acts as 'Tokyo.' If you're not in Manhattan, you have to be in one of the other burroughs, so everyone is always on the board. Each burrough also gets 3 stacks of 3 tiles that act as buildings on one side that you can knock over (the dice are different in KoNY). You can get points/energy/hearts for knocking them over but once you destroy a building, it releases military vehicles/tanks/planes that can attack you, so it litters danger for your monster all over the board (you can also defeat these with die rolls). 

It adds more strategic decisions besides just "to punch or not to punch" and "get points." It's great.  




 You know you can spend 2 energy to clear the current cards and draw new ones, right? 




 MLSE total net worth: $1.66 billion CAD. Terry Pegula = $3.8 billion USD. Bring it.  




 [Bidding war?](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CFdWYlEUIAAtLfC.jpg) 




 Time to get King of New York. problem solved.  




 [Relevant](http://www.slate.com/articles/arts/culturebox/2013/11/where_s_waldo_a_new_strategy_for_locating_the_missing_man_in_martin_hanford.html) 









 With the track record of prior first time publishers having a lot of problems   delays (i.e. Two Rooms and A Boom) getting their game out once they receive a successful (or maybe more problematically, very successful) funding, how can use ease concerns one may have on your game? Do you have an infrastructure in place to meet foreseeable demands, especially with delivery dates listed as soon as August 2015. What does that production infrastructure look like? What if you double/triple/quadruple your goal? 


I wish you the best of luck!  




 Yea! Love the turn order board. My group hasn't played with the auction mechanic yet, but I imagine that would be fun. 




 Seriously. Do it. TM is my favorite game, the expansion makes it even better. The new races are so cool, and they each terraform and grow in a unique way; very different from how the base races play. And you get a whole new board! Well, well worth it.  




 I've heard of this but don't know too much about it. What's it like? Any good? 
























 [Takenoko Collector's Edition](https://cf.geekdo-images.com/images/pic1813947_md.jpg) is a giant version of Takenoko and can be yours for the low low price of [$299](http://www.coolstuffinc.com/p/193447) 




 If you can get it to the table a lot and you have the right group for it, **Sheriff of Nottingham** is a lot of fun and great value. But you *need* the right group for this. It's very dependent on people willing to play loose, get into the theme etc. It falls very flat if you don't.


For pure gaming, absolutely get **Castles of Burgundy**. It scales magnificently from 2-4, has tons of replay value and is loads of fun. Has some luck with the dice rolls but you can mitigate that with knowledge tiles and worker guys. I love the tactical feel at 2P of blocking your opponent and the more strategic feel at 4P of focusing/maximizing your own strategy first and foremost. All time classic. 
 









 Every sentence just seems so drawn out   unnecessarily convoluted; like it was written to appear as lofty as possible. I read my fair share of literary fiction, but this is a pain to get through and I feel like it greatly distracts from the narrative. 




 I'll be your friend.  




 [My comment reply above](https://www.reddit.com/r/boardgames/comments/3e28tk/can_you_convince_me_to_buy_your_favourite_board/ctaxfsk).

Also, I paid $25 for the expansion. It's $35 now n Amazon. That's not ridiculous at all.  




 It's probably somewhere in the middle. Owner Covering His Ass vs. Anonymous Internet People Comments...either side has plenty of reasons to be dubious.  




 Read the owner's statement. She was kicked out, not for being in the women's bathroom, but for being in the bathroom with another occupant. 




 Couldn't have said it better myself.  




 It's a must buy. The new races are unique and totally offer a new experience for the game. You can play with just them, you can mix it up with the base races, play on either board. But the way the new races play just offers such a new experience. I think they're so brilliantly put together. If you like TM, even if it only gets to the table a couple times a year, it's a must-have. 




 If you don't buy **Terra Mystica** (and the Fire   Ice Expansion) I will punch you right in the mouth.  




 This. God forbid there's an attractive female anywhere near you while attempting to order a drink. You will wait. Forever.  




 Well I'm just going to flat out disagree with any list that has Ascension anywhere near a top anything list. Especially if it's a deck-builder list without Eminent Domain or Core Worlds.  




 I want to make a pun with silver or Ag. I can't think of anything. So, vAgina.  




 Well that was a question about board games to play in the car. OP here specifically said "Not boardgames" 




 Where else would you ask about not board games? [AskReddit Seems to Have Been a Good Place for This](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2mveq3/whats_a_good_game_to_play_on_the_road_that_isnt_i/). 


Also lots of other threads shown [here](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant ion=1 espv=2 ie=UTF-8#q=games%20to%20play%20in%20car%20site%3Areddit.com safe=active) 




 Just to clarify, did you come to /r/boardgames to specifically not talk about board games?  




 Dr. Ramsey? 




 Then don't watch it. How is this that hard?  




 Dodge Grand Cairavanditioner.  




 Link staying blue. Blue like the color of the crease his skate was in.  




 [Link](http://www.coolstuffinc.com/p/208629) 




 Blaine is a pain 




 1. If you want to climb up your grammar and English language pedestal, learn how to spell and use proper grammar. 

2. You are correct, being an asshole and reading have nothing to do with each other. However, as I initially said, it's fairly obvious what OP was trying to say, without going out of your way to be a dick and take the sentence as literally as possible using his poor grammar. 

3. Even with OP's poor title, there is absolutely nothing that would imply causation of Shaggy being Arab-American "BECAUSE" the guy who voiced him was Arab-American. Literally nothing. 

4. Again, sorry for "you" education.  




 So $23.40 basically. That's half the price that it normally is. I don't know much about this game. Must buy at this price? 




 Unless you can finish reading the sentence and aren't an asshole.  




  When I'm board I like to paint Wood grain.

You missed a golden opportunity there, OP.  




 I don't think you know what a sphere is. 




 That's what OP was referring to: Casey Kasem being of Arab descent, not Shaggy. Poorly worded title, but still, it's not hard to glean the meaning.   




 Don't ask me silly questions

I won't play silly games

I'm just a simple choo choo train

And I'll always be the same.



I only want to race along

Beneath the bright blue sky

And be a happy choo choo train

Until the day I die. 




 Fuck you, I like Amy Schumer. 




 Ha. To be fair, looks like OP added "University" in the title so it's totally original and not plagiarized.  




 All I want to trade is fortune   Glory and no one wants it :( 




 Did you learn that because you've seen this TIL on the front page so many times? 




 Thank god he turned down the Sabres 3yr/$15million offer. That was crazy money for him.  




 You can buy a Lane Bryant gift card at a discount. Then you can trade that to someone's mom for cash at a big discount. Then use that cash to put towards board games! I found the board games, everyone! 




 This is the correct answer. These things are a godsend. Setting up Le Havre? Keep each good in a container and plop them down in their places on the board. Same for Agricola and Caverna (damn you and all your pieces, Uwe!). Love these.  




 [Here's a list](https://boardgamegeek.com/geeklist/186405/best-solosolitaire-games-bgg-2015-edition], but I'm guessing you've seen that as you named the top 3 on it. I also enjoy playing Agricola solo, although the set up isn't the quickest.  




 Option A: Spite them and keep winning

Option B: Intentionally lose for awhile to lull them into a false sense of security. Then continue domination at your leisure. 




 Not to be rude, but a pretty simple search for gateway games either here or boardgamegeek.com will give you more than plenty of answers. 




 Played this at snakes   lattes. we pushed the sticks all the way in and the balloon never popped. It was fully inflated, but the sticks were real cheap and kept bending. So much anxiety during the game, with no pay off. That's one big blue ball.  




 They've been there at least the last two years. So are some of those chains in the galleria mall. I hate that. Leave this to local restaurants only.  









 Pour frosty into everyone's order of fries.  




 http://i.imgur.com/iJlGi4S.gif 




 I believe the JCC has leagues. At the very least, I know they do for squash. 




 Yea, there were a couple times in the first third or half of the book as it jumped to a new chapter   date that I had to skim back real quick to remind myself which date I had just been in. But once you got into it, it was easy to tell.  




 I asked my SO if she wanted to play a couple of my unplayed games before my new ones arrive in August and she just laughed at me :( 




 Not directly, no. Tactics cards don't count for anything until they're actually put into play.  




 If a flag is (correctly) claimed, it cannot be unclaimed later because a tactics card would allow a wild or extend it 4 cards needed instead of 3. If the flag is claimed, it's claimed for good. Which is the reason for the "advanced" rule it offers in the instructions, that a player cannot claim a flag until the start of their following turn, so to allow a player to stop a flag from being claimed via a tactics card. 


source: I asked this same question awhile ago here :) enjoy the game, it's great! 




 **Abyss** has absolutely gorgeous artwork. 

**Tokaido** is a very clean, attractive looking game.  

**Evolution** has beautiful, watercolor style art. 

In **Fresco**, you play as a master painter and it's a very good looking game. 

**Pictomania** is a pictionary-esque game so it's drawing based with a little bit more going on. Lots of fun. 


/u/r2d8 getinfo 




 I thought Doerr's writing was some of the richest and beautiful prose I've come across. His descriptions of geographical settings, or especially the feelings/emotions/thoughts of his characters were astounding. I loved the long, detailed, textured, rich descriptions amid the quick, staccato chapters and asymmetrical timeline. The immensity for which I ended up caring about all these characters, whether minor or major left me not wanting the book to be over. Can't say enough good things about this novel.  




 Oh yea. I wrote above that our group's first game was Settlers. Then we got into Puerto Rico. Played both of those a ton as we got into the hobby. Settlers doesn't come out anymore, but Puerto Rico does from time to time. Love it.  




 Yep. One thing I liked too is that you can basically pick how long you want the game to be. You can start with a ton of money or very little money if you want a longer or quicker game.  




 It's fun. I have to play it more to give a better opinion. It was a newer purchase as well so I've only had a chance to play 2P once. So there's always that first play stumbling. But I enjoyed it a lot. I think it'll play better with 3 or 4 people.  




 Ha, I guess our mutual acquisition disorders unite us. We have steady group of 5. One guy doesn't really buy any games, another has a handful, and then the other 3 of us are the main collectors. Rounds the collection out nicely as our tastes reflect our collections. I think we have only have a few games that overlap.  




 In my gaming group, my one friend has a collection twice the size of this and another is close behind me. They have Glory to Rome and Innovation. Enjoy them both! 




 I've definitely had my eye on Roll for the Galaxy and La Granja. I'll take a closer look at Elysium and Marco Polo. I've had a bunch of recent acquisitions and the kickstarters coming soon, so I'll add them to my holiday wish list...if my acquisition disorder can hold out that long :) 




 I like Dead of Winter. My collection was almost all heavier euros, so I've been trying to round it out a bit to have something for all occasions, and getting some lighter games when the brain burn gets high. Which is why 1775 is so high on my favorites. It's definitely not Twilight Struggle. You're moving armies around the board and it's a ton of direct conflict with some dice roll (which is done in a really neat way). The 2v2 (you can also play 1v1 with each person controlling both armies on a side) aspect creates a great environment for the game. I love it. It's on the lighter side, it's not terribly long at all but it has great replay-value and a good amount of strategy and decision making. It's just fun.  




 [Imgur Link](http://i.imgur.com/7Hcaw2i.jpg)

I had gotten into the hobby 4-5 years ago when my friend picked up Catan, and we played that to death over the next year. Then he found Puerto Rico and that opened the floodgates for our group. A couple years ago I picked up Dominion Intrigue and Agricola to start my collection. It's grown and grown from there. 

[On top]

* Core Worlds, Five Tribes, Trains, Blueprints and some party games: Time's Up!, Wits   Wagers Party and Pictomania. If you look veeeery closely you can also see Fortune   Glory hiding in there. 

[Top Shelf]

* Bohnanza, Race for The Galaxy, Babel, Splendor, Stone Age, Mr Jack Pocket, Takenoko, Settlers of Catan, Le Havre   1775 Rebellion.

[Middle Shelf]

* Dominion Intrigue/Dark Ages/Hinterlands/Guilds, Star Realms, Eminent Domain, Castles of MKL, Tzolkin, Dead of Winter


[Bottom Shelf]

* Last Will, Agricola, AquaSphere, Brass, Terra Mystica and Fire   Ice Expansion, Twilight Struggle, Bora Bora   a Trains map expansion



[My personal favorites!]

1. Terra Mystica

2. Le Havre

3. Twilight Struggle

4. 1775 Rebellion

5. Dominion

6. Eminent Domain

7. Bora Bora

8. Tzolkin
9. Agricola 

10. AquaSphere 



Five Tribes   Core Worlds are new purchases so I haven't gotten them to the table yet. And I already know I'll have to get at least one Core Worlds expansion. Brass was a January purchase but still hasn't made it to the table unfortunately. I have the Evolution + expansion   Mottanai Kickstarters coming in August (hopefully) so I'll have to get those played before the new ones come in. Fortune   Glory I just hate. Maybe it'd be more fun if I gave it more of a chance but there's just too much going on for me to make it fun for what it is. 


let me know what you think! 




 There are a ton. Toronto easily has the most of any city. Just google it.  




 The link to the sale was posted here a couple weeks ago. I just got the package and the seller said there was a mix-up with the product codes, and they're issuing a refund. I would like Civilization though. Especially at that sale price. 




 Literally any thing in the world that you want.

That leaf outside? Grab it, tell everyone it's the first player marker.

A spoon from the kitchen? Leader gets the spoon now.

That bobblehead you got at a minor league baseball game? Goes to the leader.

Your high school diary? Drop that in front of whoever goes first.


Some lint from your belly button? That's caveman lint now. Goes to first player.


That blu-ray copy of Alec Baldwin   Sarah-Michelle Gellar's Suburban Girl that you got at a white elephant party? First player is now the suburban cavegirl. 


Hopefully this helps.  




 Tenacity? In the entire NHL, only Stamkos, Perry, Kane, Nash, Toews and Ovechkin have scored more 5v5 goals than Kessel since the 2010-2011 season. In that group he also has more 5v5 assists than Ovechkin, Nash, Perry and Stamkos.


He's not some wussy powerplay only skill guy. You don't score that many points on even strength without playing hard.  




 Any drinking game that has this many rules is no longer a game. It's work. Simplify. Kill a zombie...drink. Lose a survivor...drink. Crossroads card goes into effect...waterfall drink. The dog dies...pour one out for your homie. If your friend is taking too damn long on his turn...drink because it's your god damn drink and you can drink whenever you want. 




 Good call. She might know your username. Play it safe.  




 And she's an avid baker. Might have a winner here.  









 Shipping from Buffalo, NY

[FT/FS]

* **Fortune   Glory: The Cliffhanger Game**: Played once, didn't like it. Near perfect condition

[W]

* Cash/Amazon $

* Roll For The Galaxy

* Keyflower

* Eminent Domain Expansions

* Core World Expansions 




 I know this game gets a ton of love here, but it just falls flat with me. I bought it while aboard the hype train after its initial release, and have played it about 10 times since. The first couple plays were fun, but then it just never progressed. My biggest issue is that I never get a real sense of completion. The castles seem small at the end, and there tends to be AP by the master-builder which stagnates the game at times. Each play, I'm just underwhelmed after.  




 You described **Eclipse**. Save for a little bit more and buy Eclipse. 


Star Realms plays just like Ascension basically. You're not building anything. Just laying cards out. If you have to pick between Star Realms and Race For the Galaxy, it's RFTG every day of the week. Star Realms isn't on Race's level at all.  




 Bummed that Xia: Legends of a Drift System got shut out. That game is freaking awesome.  




 Please rearrange the top shelf so Terra Mystica Fire   Ice and Sherlock Holmes aren't in between much wider boxes. It's making me uncomfortable. 


Other than that...great collection! 




 I get that for purchasing, but Costco still allows me in the building to see if a membership is something I'm interested in 




 If I have to create an account just to look at your website...f*** you, website.  









 I own **Five Tribes** and my best friend has **Istanbul** and **Concordia**. I would say, hands down, Concordia. It plays wonderfully with all player counts, the replay-value is tremendous with the randomized goods tiles, card order and now with the various boards. I love it.  




 You can find it all on Amazon when you look at games. They have weights and dimensions listed for everything.  




 Just hit [Adv. Search](https://boardgamegeek.com/advsearch/boardgame) next to the search bar at the top. Then enter the search parameters you'd like, and hit submit. Then just sort by the rank in the left column. Easy! 




 In my lifetime I was roughly 0-6375463549 in playing Carcassonne against my friend John. Each game, played out like the last: my meeples scattered in unfinished castles, starving along roads to nowhere, slaughtered in fields outnumbered two to one. I'd watch his scoring marker danced along the track, circling and circling the board. Adding expansions only made the misery more prolonged, more insufferable. 


Yet I persevered. Then one day (oh this glorious day!), did the tiles fall into my favor. Square by square, I completed majestic, shielded castles. I built long, windy roads that had a beginning and end. I frolicked in the fields my opponent dared not enter. And I won. By the angels in heaven and the hammer of Thor, I won. 


With my new found confidence and Carcassonne prowess, we reset the battle field so I could take back to back victories. 


And I got killed.


But I will always have that one. That sweet, sweet one. Damn you, John.  




 [Here is a list of board games filtered by weight of 1-3, sorted by BGG rank](https://boardgamegeek.com/search/boardgame?sort=rank advsearch=1 q= include%5Bdesignerid%5D= include%5Bpublisherid%5D= geekitemname= range%5Byearpublished%5D%5Bmin%5D= range%5Byearpublished%5D%5Bmax%5D= range%5Bminage%5D%5Bmax%5D= range%5Bnumvoters%5D%5Bmin%5D= range%5Bnumweights%5D%5Bmin%5D= range%5Bminplayers%5D%5Bmax%5D= range%5Bmaxplayers%5D%5Bmin%5D= range%5Bleastplaytime%5D%5Bmin%5D= range%5Bplaytime%5D%5Bmax%5D= floatrange%5Bavgrating%5D%5Bmin%5D= floatrange%5Bavgrating%5D%5Bmax%5D= floatrange%5Bavgweight%5D%5Bmin%5D=1 floatrange%5Bavgweight%5D%5Bmax%5D=3 colfiltertype= searchuser=kcbarn playerrangetype=normal B1=Submit) 




 This was the first Neil Gaiman book I'd ever read and I finished it in a day. I couldn't put it down. Loved it. The world he painted in this was so magical and rich and vibrant, you could feel it. 




 One of my favorite openers as well. From the first sentence you just know something is off about this world and are hooked. 




 Ha. Cloud Atlas was one of the books I knew I'd hate after the first page. I always finish the book I'm reading. I don't give up on the book, I just can't leave them unfinished...unless the book is Cloud Atlas 




 I've had this book on my shelf for probably 2 years now and haven't opened it up. Maybe I'll finally have to this summer. 




 Pinochle all night.  




 What drew you in about the book? Something with the character or a specific quote? The language and/or the prose? How did it go from there...were you disappointed at the end or did you still love it? 









 Playing battle line my friend took a flag with 345 straight flush. The cards played out meant I couldn't take this flag at all so he claimed it. However, later a tactics card came into my hand that gave me a wild 8 of any suit which gave me the ability for a better straight flush. Can I still play here and take the flag back or is it dead?  




 This looks very similar to Wits   Wagers. If this is a retheme of Fauna, can people familiar with Fauna shed some light on the differences between that and Wits   Wagers? 




 and if you run out of space, you can put the stuff from the shoeboxes into the empty game boxes.  




 [You're right. No jokes allowed on the internet!](http://i.imgur.com/EHZ5y6n.jpg) 




 [Like this](http://i.imgur.com/l7mScRq.jpg) 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/boardgames/search?q=power+grid restrict_sr=on 




 First...I own Domion Intrigue along with Hinterlands, Dark Ages, Guilds and the rest of my group has the base, Seaside, Prosperity. I've played it a ton. Don't let some of the poor artwork blow the game for you. And to the theme nuts out there...who the hell cares. It's a game where you use the 10 kingdom cards available to get the most VP's. And it works beautifully. With the wealth of expansions (and cards in each expansion) the breadth of replay value is, perhaps, unmatched. It's an easy game to learn, and one that also has a lot of depth and strategy (see www.dominionstrategy.com for that). Dominion has reached the status it has because it is great.


Secondly, I also own **Eminent Domain**, **Core Worlds**, **Trains** and **Star Realms**. I guess I like deck builders. Dominion will always be my favorite, but I love the mechanics of Eminent Domain and Core Worlds. They each offer unique experience (Eminent Domain with role sections and followers, Core Worlds with invasion types, worlds, etc). You can't go wrong. The only downside to Core Worlds is that you really need the expansion(s) to make it a complete game so it turns into a $60 game. If theme is important for you, which it seems to be, Core Worlds offers, in my opinion, the best theme of any deck builder. 

Trains works well with theme as well with the enhanced mechanic of an actual board and pieces. It's pretty much Dominion with a board. You feel more of an experience like you're building a train line (even if it just little cubes). 

Star Realms is fun for up to 5-10 plays. 

DC deck builder is terrible. 

 




 Type in a real sub and yes, it will link you right to it. It helps if you understand jokes, though.  




 Check out /r/digitaltabletop. They'll have a list of available app versions of games. There is definitely the most on iOS (compared to android, etc) and there are a really good amount of quality games (with quality digital implentations).  




 Is that still open? Childhood flashbacks! As an animal obsessed kid sitting in the rear-facing seats of my parent's car, it was the best thing ever. Monkeys climbing on the car, lions sleeping, giraffes looking into the window and other animals around. It was great. That being said, I'd be worried to go back, see it through the eyes of an adult and it being a total let down.  




 Have the gladiators be celebrities. Terry Crews, The Rock, Jason Statham, [Nathan Jones](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0428923/?ref_=tt_cl_t6), Dave Bautista, Chris Hemsworth, Rhonda Rousey, Brienne of Tarth, Gina Carano (again), Laila Ali, [Olha Korobka](http://www.polska-sztanga.pl/modules/coppermine/albums/userpics/10010/75pluskorobka.jpg)


Contestants could be "regular" people, and maybe even have other celebrities be the contestants for sweeps episodes if you can get any that would try. 


Arnold hosts. 


[Mo](https://michaelcerio.files.wordpress.com/2012/01/quirk.jpg?w=830) referees.  




 In the game you're trying to figure out which potions combine to create spells. The app randomizes this so each game is different. So you use the app to take a picture of two ingredient cards and it tells you what it becomes.  




 **Alchemists** uses an app as a core mechanic in the game.  




 **Alchemists** is a pretty heavy game. There's a lot going on there and the teaching/learning time is *steep*. It's a really great game, but if you're wary about dropping some heavy on your friends, you might want to wait on that. **Ca$h 'n Gun$** and **Mascarade** aren't really competitive. They're more just social party games and Mascarade offers some deduction elements. 


**Battlestar Galactica** plays well with 5P if you want to go the co-op/traitor route. Take a look at **Power Grid** for a classic medium weight that plays well at 5.  **Kemet** is a medium-light game that works great at 3-5. It's quick, action packed war game and not too hard to get into at all. You can even combine it with **Cyclades** which is super cool. And there's always **Cosmic Encounter** for a crazy good time. 

/u/r2d8 getinfo 




 I think the WWII street would win. It has soldiers.  




 /r/im10andnaturegrowingthroughabandonedthingsiswtf
 




 This link stopped working 




 reference sheet on back cover of rule book is great tho. Makes it real easy to glance at what card icons mean. First playthrough is definitely a lot of just learning the cards and seeing how they play out.  




 **Last Will** is a great game. Just have to get your mind working towards $0. It's a pretty simple game at it's core. Each round you pick turn order   week's plan, send out a couple workers to the board, play action cards in your hand. That's it. The real decisions is really in the planning board, making sure you give yourself enough cards or actions that you need that round.  




 How's the replay-ability? Are you done with the game once you know the scenarios? 









 I'll sell you my copy.


So, definitely yay.  




 House Rule #1: Don't House Rule Games.  




 I haven't played **1812**, so I can't say for sure. I can say that 1775 has a higher rating on BGG, and watching Tom Vasel's [review on 1775: Rebellion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIxBHGyMXzE) he says it's superior to 1812. 

Here are also a couple of links comparing [the](http://www.reddit.com/r/boardgames/comments/2jzrfl/wsig_1812_the_invasion_of_canada_or_1775_rebellion/) [two](https://boardgamegeek.com/thread/923364/comparing-1775-1812). 




 Check out **1775: Rebellion**. Lighter war game, lots of fun. Very historical, tactical, some card drafting (you have 12 cards, 3 in hand at a time), moving soldiers around Colonial US   Canada. Lots of fun. A bit lighter than your traditional war game. I think the 2 v 2 aspect is a fantastic option as well you don't see often.


/u/r2d8 getinfo 




  Spot is a Rochester thing.


That's not even remotely true. Spot's first ever location and headquarters are in Buffalo.  




 check meetup.com for some local gaming groups.  




 If I google "toronto board game cafe" one of the top results is an article about the top 20 board game cafes and bars in toronto. 

So, amidst a ton of competitors and (probably) the most successful in the world in Snakes   Lattes, I vote to name it Good Luck.  




 if she had 5, then she was either holding more than more than 3 cards in her hand or she was stockpiling all of them on purpose (which would take at least 9 turns, and likely more) at the sacrifice of only having   using 5 regular gems, which doesn't seem an efficient use of gems. All the meanwhile, you would be left with full reign over the regular gems. 
 




 News show with only positive, uplifting news.  




 Well, it would take awhile. You can only hold 3 cards at a time. And you can only get one wild at a time. Theoretically, a person could get 3 wild gems and then play one of their cards-in-hand with all regular gems, while holding their wilds, but that'd be hard to do. And not remotely efficient. While they're taking 1 wild at a time and not playing any cards, everyone else is getting 2-3 gems turn and/or buying cards 




 You can take 1 wild token when you stash a card into your hand. You can't have more than 10 total tokens in front of you at any given time.  There are no limits on *holding* a certain color token as long as your total is 10 or under 




 Can't tell if there was just a ton of effort put into a joke there, or there was no joke at all... 




 [This might help a bit](http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/designing-the-best-board-game-on-the-planet/) 




 Hey, don't beat yourself up. It was a good hour of hearing about games I've never heard of that no one will want to play :) 




 During clan wars, I've been using a hog attack strategy that seems to be pretty hit   miss lately. It's especially miss if there are inferno towers. I use 38 hog riders (max), 10 barbarians (max) and 25 archers (max). 


I typically send the hogs in at the same side side of the base, but slightly apart to form 2 close by fronts. For spells, I drop 4 heal spells for them throughout the attack. 


I run into issues if 1. there are inferno towers, they destroy the hogs. or 2. I get unlucky and hit a lot of traps. If the base also has a good amount of upgraded wizard towers or archers, that gives them problems. 


What could I do to tweak this attack to make it a little more viable and consistent? Thanks.  




 Ah, the ever motivational Gilfoyle.  




 No, still follow the rule. It adds a little strategy of blocking your opponent from grabbing 2 fairly easier. You'll still be able to grab 2 if you really need (I'd still advice grabbing 3 two turns in a row) fairly regularly as you or your opponent returns gems to the stack 









 Yep. Brain fart. Thanks for pointing that out 




 Is that as huge as it looks? 
























