 I developed super early physically. at 7 I was made to wear a bra and hated it. at 9 I was molested so... 
























 Reported for afk! Nah just kidding, so are you going to track down your kid? Also poor Haley is possessed dude. :( 
























 So saska died at 18 after you had her for years.... Ewww
 
























 Well he did leave her overnight so can't have been too much sun yet 
























 I won't have kids, and normal everyday people find that odd. Their kids are the light of their lives, the one thing that they care about above all else. But, think about that hard, loving something so strongly sets you up to be hurt in ways you could never recover. So, I won't be having children of my own, they could possibly end up like me. I suppose I should start at the beginning, please bear with me.

It was a hot sunny day and my backyard was its own fantasy world to me. I had my own sandbox next to the deck and using my plastic horses and a water bucket I was recreating a river for which the "herd" could play in. My father and mother stood off to the side a ways talking until they called me over to them. " Alli, you know that if your mother and I ever weren't together it wouldn't be your fault right?" I gave my father a goofy smile and I laughed at the absurdity of his statement. " Yeah, but you and mommy would never do that!" Innocence. My childhood ended that summer at 7 years old.

I knew they fought, it would have been hard to miss their shouting at night, but neither my sister or I commented and it all seemed normal, what did I have to go off of? Oddly enough my mother moved out with my sister, but left me with my father. All this was explained later, but my father simply told me that, " we each get one of you." It sounded fair.

I hated my fathers girlfriend. Typical, I know. What wasn't so typical was her telling me I couldn't play outside anymore. "It's not ladylike." she'd say. She got me dresses and made me do my hair. I was used to being a tomboy and getting dirty, she hated that. Her daughter and son were both into their late teens and I was my dads little brat. She would measure my waist and bust, made me wash my underwear by hand so no one would see it. She even had me pee into a cup, which I suspect now was she she could pass her drug tests. 

She was supervising my cleaning the basement one day when she told me, " Don't think I don't know he loves you more than me." with a dark look to her eyes. It was then I knew for sure that she resented my father loving me.

I saw my mom every other weekend and they juggled holidays. There was no legal separation, the courts were never involved. 

The Christmas Eve that I was 9 my world changed again. 

People were at our house(my dads) it was a huge party with lots of adults and family ( his girlfriends not mine). My bedroom had to be gone through to get to the upstairs bathroom, poor design really. I went upstairs to my room, tired, wearing my baby blue little faux leather jacket and matching skirt. It was so pretty. I never wore it again. 

I found him there. One of that womans family, a cousin or something. He was so drunk he couldn't talk right, but he had a guitar, and like any kid I loved guitars. He was sitting on my bed so I went over and sat down too and asked him what he was doing. He looked at me, little tiny me, and he grabbed my jacket and before I knew it he had his face slobbering all over me, his grossness in my mouth past my lips, I forced it out and clenched my teeth shut. He looked stricken. This fourty-something-year old man looked at me sadly and asked, " What? You don't like it?" I shook my head no, and I didn't know what else to do. I got up and walked to my door, my hand on the knob- it didn't budge. Shock. I rattled the door and looked around, then I heard it. Metal moving in the lock. I dropped down and saw two shadows, someone was standing there, their feet were there- and then they left. 

My door was locked from the outside. There was no other way downstairs.

I repressed the initial memories for a long time. Him, then the other cousin that he let in on it. I never told a soul out of shame. I didn't think they'd believe I didn't want it to happen. 

I was shocked one day at school when my mother came and just took me away. When I asked why, she gave me a newspaper article that had my fathers photo and some unrelated charges about drugs. He made the most wanted list, and I never saw him again. It came out that he had threatened to kill my mothers friends if she didn't let him keep me, that's why the one child to each parent. I knew my father wouldn't show up, but it still hurt that he was absent at my custody hearing since he had fled the country. I still wonder if he's alive and all that.

But, this was only really the beginning of why I'll never have children.

It took me years, (I'm 28 now) to even begin to understand myself. The PTSD, the Anxiety, the mild OCD, the insomnia, sleep paralysis, the alcoholic tenancies, nympho tendencies( which really make me feel sick and twisted, after my past let me tell you) Reoka ( a.k.a Dissociative Identity Disorder, my/her sociopathic tendancies...

I think it's important to share the rest to fully understand, but not today, I should have been asleep 5 hours ago already. 
























 I feel personally as if this is the true horror in the world, I have read nosleep often looking for anything else to scare me, and found it very rarely. 
























 Her children were not quite as bad, they weren't good to me either, but they were human. Humans have fault.

My mother did what she thought was best, but she never hugged me. She had her own past as well. 
























 Sometimes I think I can... 
























 Keep them safe. Please ( you are the parent, how you do it is your right, but) at some point make them know that it is never their fault if someone hurts them, and they can come to you right away.

I have entertained thoughts of adoption, since in my mind they are already in the world it would actually be better to be raised where they wouldn't be hurt, but I do not know that I am unselfish enough to be a parent. 
























 Pain never goes away, you just get used to the emotions so much so that people don't usually see how affected you are, except for sometimes when you crack a little. I always found it funny that people think we have to be crying or something to show we are in pain... 




 Yes, this only the beginning of my story, I needed to lay the groundwork to be able to tell the rest so that you would all understand the "why" of how things have turned out. 
























