 If your a fan of It Follows I highly recommend you watch The Guest. It is a action/horror/thriller with a lot of the same vibes and similar music. I personally love It Follows because of the pool scene, the music, and the last shot which sticks with you
 
























 Tarantino making a sci-fi Space epic. Something that takes place in a huge universe yet at the end of the day focuses on the main characters and their dialogue. 
























 people would shit bricks if this ever happened.   One can dream 
























 Cars 2.................lol jk

I Recommend Fast 5. Its the best in the series by far ( in my opinion)  
























 Argo.....it just sits on my shelf, I know I should watch it but for some reason I just haven't  
























 The Marvel Cinematic Universe. It has the depth, the Lore, The Grand Scale.

And It will be remembered 20 years from now 
























 The Lego Movie.

Everyone Praises it for being the "Best Animated Film" of 2014.

Although it was visually stunning, I thought the movie was boring, stale, and I did not really connect with the humor.  I do understand the movie's appeal to others, it just is not a good film in my eyes. 
























 I feel the same way about this movie !. After watching it I was very underwhelmed. It was clever, unique, and visually impressive. But when it finished I also did not get the hype. I think the hype comes from the director ( Wes Anderson), the dude has a cult following. 
























 In my opinion Chris Stuckman has the best movie related channel on youtube. His reviews are honest, well thought out, and interesting to watch. It is also easy to see that he has a passion about films and the way they are made.
 
























 I personally have never viewed any content form any of these channels. Il definitely check these out. Thanks for the recommendation  




 Cool, Il make sure to check them out. Thanks for the recommendation bud 




 Not a big fan of that guy. But I get the appeal.
Just the name of his channel makes me think that he goes into movies looking for the bad, instead of going to have a god time 




 Toy Story 3. The ending got to me, was not prepared 
 




 SkyFall.  




 Gone Girl.........plz no .......plz 




 I also am a fan of Jeremy Jhans. He is by far the best one to go to if your expecting a quick and entertaining review.  
























