 For my fellow ladies who are endowed with fleshy labias- getting your inner lips shoved into your baby hole during sex. It pinches the clit and pulls and ow :( 




 Sorceress, by Celia Rees. I don't know if anyone is familiar with it, but it's the sequel to her first book, called Witch Child. They're more young adult than fiction, but if you are interested in the Salem Witch Trials, I highly recommend both of these books. They're not about Salem, but about colonial era witch superstitions. Anyway, in Sorceress, the girl ends up married to an Native American man named Jaybird, and they have two children, a boy and a girl. I'm not going to spoil what happens, but just the writing is so heartwrenchingly good, I've read this book three times and every time I end up crying.

Also, Before I Fall. Bawled my eyes out. 





























 Selfie Sticks. Hate those things so much. 




 Circumcision is on that same line as vaccinating your child. It's your responsibility as a parent to make decisions for your child as they themselves are not able to. If you decide as a parent that the pros outweigh the cons, then get your child vaccinated, and vice versa. Any boys I have will probably be circumcised, and vaccinated, and put into a public school :) 




 There's nothing wrong with it. Its a parents choice, just like vaccinations. It's a parents responsibility to weigh pros and cons and make the decision based on what they believe is best for their child. 
























 "You can't have your cake and eat it too"
If I have cake, you can bet your booty I'm gonna eat it. I get what it's trying to say, but it really doesn't make that much sense. 




 It is a minimally invasive surgery which, thanks to modern medicine, is safe, and a newborn will have 0 memory of it ever happening. It's a parents responsibility to make decisions for their children. Your comment shows exactly what this thread is talking about: making a big deal out of something small.  




 My reasoning comes from my boyfriend, mainly. He himself is circumcised, and he has no negative side effects, and has never wished otherwise. I don't have a penis, so I draw my opinion from him, a few other male friends, and research. 
























 I'm sorry... Female here... Outie? 




 I have a round, nickel sized red mark on my chest, over my heart. I was shot I guess :( 




 Touching my Achilles' tendon-me or my boyfriend. I can't stand it. 


































 Where I work its policy for us to request ID if the card is not signed or if it says see ID. I have that written on the back of my card, because it's safer that way if someone did steal my card ( not that they would get very far, I work minimum wage). 





























 I am average height (5'6 female). My arms are super long and skinny, I've never been able to do correct push-ups or pull ups. To make it worse, I have incredibly tiny hands. An eight year olds hands can span mine almost perfectly. That itself doesn't bother me, but my nails grow square like a kids too, which makes my hands look ridiculous when the nails are painted :( 




 Best friend of three years continually used me to make herself feel prettier, smarter, and richer (we were in high school, love those awkward times). She ended up dating my ex just to get at me, and started picking fights with me because I ended up with a wonderful relationship and she couldn't keep a boyfriend. Last words that came out of her mouth to me were "wow, you actually look pretty today!"  
























 Went to ER- no other symptoms, the area was swollen and painful. Doctor said it could be a bite, but it's being treated as a bacterial infection. Two steroids and antibiotics have brought the swelling down, but is still painful and red. 




 Back of the thigh. 





























 High school. Cliche, but we're still going. 




 It's at an awkward angle for me to try and get a picture. This was taken in the ER . 




 Just saying what the doctor told me. I have no problem with spiders, just as long as they're not in my bed! :) 
























 I'm getting hives all around the area (underside of my forearm), up to my armpit and down across my stomach. I didn't see any caterpillar, so it's still undetermined exactly what it is. 




 I brushed up against a canvas car top carrier and got a bunch of like little black hairs stuck in my skin that started to burn two nights ago. I'm guessing it's from a caterpillar since I've had reactions from them before, but never have from poison ivy. 





























 I see the faces in the trees.

They've always been there. Everywhere.
Leafy faces. Smiling. Frowning. Mouths open wide. Green lips shut tight.
They don't talk. They whisper. They breathe. 

They stare.

My friends couldn't see them. The faces snickered when we went by. My friends couldn't hear them. 

It's just the wind, they said. See? It's the breeze moving the leaves.

But they were wrong. They laughed as they left me at the tree line. But now they're gone.

And every time someone asked

All I could say

I can see the faces in the trees.

Then they stopped asking. 

My mother never questioned why I dont go into the woods. She never made me. 
She told me over 

And over

It was okay if I saw something

But I shouldn't be afraid

And I wasn't. 

Then

My mother went into the woods one day. The faces watched her go, and so did I.
When she came back she hugged me tight. 

I see them now 

She whispered in my ear

Then

She was gone.

They came again with the questions. There's nothing in the trees.
Trust us. 

They stopped coming

When all I could say

I can see the faces in the trees.

My mother saw them before they took her.

And now

When you pass by 

You'll see them too


 




 That's what I'm guessing it is. Everyone is saying poison ivy, but poison ivy wouldn't leave those hairs. 




 Caladryl is what I'm using now- calamine lotion and liquid benadryl. 
























