 The Runaways? 









 New X-Men, Astonishing X-Men and Ultimate X-Men are all great, self-contained stories that are easy to jump into. Ultimate X-Men isn't canon though. 




 So, the same thing they did with Cars 2 and Monsters University - didn't want to risk a new property, so they've reskinned it to fit an old one. 




 For example, I think Doctor Strangelove would be very interesting if remade in a post-9/11, Iraq War USA. 




 I hope he is carried over to the 616. 




 Pretentious is the wrong word. It's more like they have a set of prejudices. Proof: in their list of greatest films, number one was Borat and number four was Team America. 




  "Out of the five student movies I watched, four incorporated violent shoot-outs over a soundtrack of iconoclastic 70s pop hits, two climaxed with all the main characters shooting each other at once, and one had two hitmen discussing the idiosyncrasies of The Brady Bunch before offing their victim." 




 JRJR has a style, some people like it, some don't. I personally don't, but because itms so stylised, I don't think it's bad, just not my cup of tea. Like cubism or sculpting. 




 As a comic fan, it upsets me they must fall to the clich of fighting the first time they meet. Batman and Superman have one of the sweetest relationships in comics and I'd hate to see that bastardised so we can see Batman kick ass (again). I don't think I've ever read a fight where Supes wins. 




 Cage to Detroit, uh? Any paticular reason for that? 




 Ellen Page as Kitty Pryde. I think it's just because I had a crush on the character since I was a kid and seeing he in live-action just did it for me. 






















































 Captain Marvel sure kicks ass, huh? 


































 ... But I say it was more of a 50:50 split.

* Stane was great - more-so as Stane than Iron Monger - even if he lacked proper motivation. Bridges makes him. 1/1
* Ross and Abomination weren't great. They both acted incredibly irrationally. 1/2
* Whiplash was underdeveloped, but Hammer was genuinely entertaining. 1.5/3
* Loki was a deep villain and as close to a Shakespearean character you're going to get in the MCU. 2.5/4
* Red Skull was pretty awesome, but I can't think of any defining character traits sans "is Nazi." 3/5
* Loki redux. 4/6
* I love Iron Man Three, but I still don't really understand what Killian wanted or why. 4/7
* Malekith was never expanded upon (which is a shame as I felt there was some good stuff there. 4/8
* Pierce, The Winter Soldier, Crossbones and Batroc were all used brilliantly and kept in line with the tone of the movie. Of course the villain was Hydra, rather than a single character, but that made the move stronger. 5/9
* Ronan was underdeveloped and - like Ecclestone as Malekith or Rourke as Whiplash - was a waste of a fine actor. 5/10

5/10 = 1/2 - I say it is 50:50

So there you have my highly subjective opinions on the villains in the Marvel movies. Of course y'all disagree, but I think this is highly representative of the common opinions this sub. I personally don't think any of these villains reach the level of the Joker or Doc Ock, but half of them have been fairly decent.

One thing I've noticed is, the problem has become so much worse with Phase 2.

So, thoughts? 









 Like when a character is transplanted into another genre - like the Hulk in Planet Hulk (Science-Fantasy/Swords-and-Sandals), Nova in Annihilation (Science-Fiction), Daredevil in The Man Without Fear (Crime). Would Fraction's Hawkeye or Azzarello's Wonder Woman count as examples?

Edit: Please list the character and genre you think it fits in. 



















 Hypothetical: The big publishers have come together to discuss the state of the industry. They've decided they want comics to be more mainstream and more people to read them. They've hired you to do it. How do you? 














 I haven't read X-Factor or New Mutants yet and was planning to read them at another point in time, must I read those tie-ins for the whole story? 



















 No more than ten members for each team. 














 I think it'd be interesting to see what the users of Reddit rate as their favourite films. Everybody could pick ten films and then we poll the results together and put them into an infographic. We could ask people to write a little bit about each film (must be optional) and use quotes from Reddit users to describe the film on the infographic. Would anyone think this is a good idea? 




 I want to read it, but I am unsure. I wasn't really a fan of his Ultimate Fantastic Four stuff. 



















 I've been reading through Modern X-books starting with Grant Morrison's New X-Men and I'm unsure which Decimation tie-ins are worth reading. Anybody know?

[Apparently this is all of them.](http://www.comicbookherald.com/the-complete-marvel-reading-order-guide/guide-part-5-decimation/)
 




 I've been reading through Modern X-books starting with Grant Morrison's New X-Men and I'm unsure which Decimation tie-ins are worth reading. Anybody know?

[Apparently this is all of them.](http://www.comicbookherald.com/the-complete-marvel-reading-order-guide/guide-part-5-decimation/)
 



















 I've read most of his work, but I'd like something similar to Daredevil and Wolverine written by someone else (ideally with equal art abilities). Something ninja-like. 




 ... Who would you like to be on the team? Who would you cast? Who would you like to write and direct? Which storylines would you want them to draw from?

Personally, I'd love Joss Whedon to write/direct it, but I think I'd think I'd prefer a serious movie written by Aaron Sorkin and directed by David Fincher. Not sure how well Fincher could do action, but he could certainly create a great tone that stays true to the core themes of the X-Men, whilst putting his own dark spin on it. I think that Mark Millar's Ultimate X-Men run would be perfect. Tonally, it could easily mesh with Sorkin's dark and edgy writing style.

Alternatively, a visual director like Sam Mendes could really do spectacular things with the mutant powers and - unlike Fincher - we know he can direct action well.

My team would probably be Angel, Beast, Colossus, Cyclops, Dazzler, Iceman, Marvel Girl, Morph, Nightcrawler, Professor X, Rogue, Shadowcat, Storm, Thunderbird and Wolverine. Morph and Thunderbird only exist to be killed off quickly. No idea who I would cast as them. 




 Thor? Angela? The Winter Soldier? Superior Iron Man? All-New Captian America? Deathlok? Ant-Man? How are these and any others that I missed put on? 




 I'm thinking about rewatching Avatar again, but I've seen it a couple times already and I was wondering if there was another - prefably shorter way to watch it? Does someone either have an alternative watch list or like a list of about 30 episodes I must see trimming out some filler? 









 ... is that we're getting a Jessica Jones series. I'm currently reading Bendis' Daredevil (which everyone should read as it's one of the best things I've ever read) and it's clear the biggest street level heroes at Luke Cage, Iron Fist, Daredevil and Spidey.

www.imgur.com/NQaVCfih.jpg

If Marvel had the rights I'm certain Peter would have taken Jessica's place in the Defenders and she would've just been a side character. Now our beloved Jessica Jones is getting all of the attention she deserves. Moon Knight on the other hand...

www.imgur.com/k5WQDxs.jpg 




 I'm surprised when I hear that a book like The Walking Dead sells 70000 copies, but then the show can get about 17 million viewers. Why don't comics ever reach numbers in the millions? Especially with the success of the films, why are comics still considered a "nerdy" hobby rather than just another medium like a book or a film? Will a comic ever sell as many copies as X-Men #1 again? Why not? Do Warner Brothers and Disney need to make an advertising push for comics or is it not worth them bothering? Why are comics being used to advertise films rather than the other way around? 




 I just had a couple comic book questions that I felt like I needed to be answered. And I wondered if anyone else had any other questions that we could get answers for.

My first question is the title. My second is does anyone still write comics using the "Marvel method"? 




 They don't have to be traditional members of the league.

Mine would be:

* Nightwing
* Shazam
* Martian Manhunter
* Green Lantern
* Green Arrow
* Animal Man
* Swamp Thing 



















 I was watching some of the DC animated movies and I was thinking, lots of people would love to see adaptions of their favourite arcs in the MCU, but it's unlikely. I thought a cool alternative would be to have canon straight-to-DVD or TV animated films that adapt arcs into that continuity.

If this happened, what arcs would people like? 
























 Is he a serious hypocrite or is this just an oversize by the writers. 




 In the past two years Robin died, Nightwing faked his death and went undercover, Batgirl lost faith in Batman and moved away, Catwoman became mobster and Batman Incorporated was dissolved.

I guess this truly is the death if the family. 
























 As she's a mutant does this mean Fox own the rights? Does that mean we'll never have a decent Squirrel Girl movie? Why wouldn't they through her into Infinity War? I'm sure she'd be very helpful up against Thanos. 









 And why? 




 I haven't played Minecraft since early August. The last big thing that happened was TE4 being released. What's new since then? Any notable new mods updates or packs? Any modders "quit"? RedPower 3 released? What has gone on? 









 Maybe it's a tad early to be predicting who's going to star in the Phase 4 movies, but who would you like to see starring in one of those upcoming movies?

I'd really like to see:

* Kamala Khan as Ms Marvel
* The Runaways

Also are there any sequels or spin-offs people are disappointed weren't announced? I know many people were expecting another Hulk movie, but I really would've preferred a Hawkguy movie. Fraction and Aja's run has been so delightful that a film version would just be the icing on the cake.

As for TV series I'd love to see Punisher, Moon Knight and Ghost Rider. 




 Does Marvel Unlimited contain anything from the MAX and Icon imprints? I can't seem to find anything. 




 Now that it seems awfully likely that Sandman is getting a movie, who else from Vertigo would we like to see?

I'm expecting the typical, Hellblazer, Swamp-Thing and Zatanna lot, but who else? How would these movies be connected also? Would their be a shared universe for them or would they stand alone? Would we expect a Justice League Dark movie?

I know he's not a Vertigo character, but Jonah Hex sort-of matches the tone. I also feel he's due a decent movie. 




 L'Etranger, Your Eternal Reward and The Dead Ringer. You're welcome. 









 I've just finished reading it as someone recommended it as an introduction to the franchise, I have to say I really enjoyed it, but I can't imagine how it could fit in with what Stan Lee wrote. Could someone explain it to me?

Also, Uncanny X-Men: First Class - when should I read it? Where does it fit into Claremont's run? 




 I've just finished reading it as someone recommended it as an introduction to the franchise, I have to say I really enjoyed it, but I can't imagine how it could fit in with what Stan Lee wrote. Could someone explain it to me?

Also, Uncanny X-Men: First Class - when should I read it? Where does it fit into Claremont's run? 




 Are there any books that go well with Morrison's run? I was thinking Stephanie Brown's Batgirl series, Batman and Robin (volume 2) and Snyder's Detective Comics would compliment Morrison's run well. Is there anything else that I should read additionally?  




 Obviously the Arkham Franchise isn't canon in the comic continuity (pre/post-Nu52), but the games share a lot of similarities with B:TAS (especially the voice actors). Is there any truth in this? 




 I've never played Project M, but I'm curious, what are the differences that make Project M better than Brawl? I've kind of lived under the assumption that it makes the game more about technical skill making it less accessible for casual players, but much more competitive. Would this be about right? 




 Well, I haven't thought this out to much, but I'd love to hear what people think. Idea contributions are very much welcome.

Here we go:

- Based off either Attack/Defend or Control Points


- The twist is you can only play as a Spy

- The only items you have equipped are the L'Etranger, the Dead Ringer and Your Eternal Reward.

- Madness ensues. 














 Where in volume form is it all collected? The one on Amazon misses out the last four issues in Justice League and I'm not sure where they're printed. Are they in the Justice League volumes or what? 














 What would /r/ERB think of Spartacus vs Kunta Kinta? 




 I've been wanting to get into Marvel Comics for a while now and I hear Marvel has an online subscription service for comics.

I have two questions. Is it worthwhile? And is it available in the UK? 




 We've already had two Spider-Man origin movies. My fear would be that people wouldn't want to sit through another spider bite movie.

My proposal would be to skip a year into Peter's career as Spidey and have him already established as a hero. He could recall what happened to Uncle Ben and the bite briefly and then move staight into the web-slinging action.

Of course this is an idea if Disney had the rights. Thoughts? 









 I just finished reading Batman: Earth One. I thought it was a very enjoyable read, but I'll admit it had one very fatal flaw. It doesn't feel like a stand-alone novel. I feel it would have worked so much better as a long running series. Does anyone else share my views? 




 [Tis good.](/spoiler) 




 Is it plausible that Marvel Studios will make an original movie for a change? They seem to have been following pre-sold franchises (some that honestly don't fit into the rest of the MCU very well). Is there any chance that they could make a new movie about an original character?

Edit: What I'm really asking is, if they made one, could it possible be good? 









 Is anybody here capable of and willing to help me with MineTweaker? I wanted to create my own modpack and I collected permissions for all of the mods, but I realised that there was nothing that set this group of apart from a big, bloated pack like Monster. What I decided to do is use Minetweaker to edit the recipes of certain items to unify them (like Mekanism machines use TE Machine Frames).

Is anybody willing to help me with this? 




 When I load up, Minecraft with MineTweaker none of my additional recipes have changed. Does anyone know why this is?

MineTweaker files:
http://pastebin.com/X62AsmBV
http://pastebin.com/kVLNtBef

Modlist:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QPqtKVHWiQEvW3DJKon2c3kFjybmiRSPZr7EZBXWhQY/edit?usp=sharing 














 I'd like to but a request through to take them to court. They broke the one rule. Drew tricked me into going into Yokay's base and using Yokay's MFFS to take my items. They gave it back afterwards and insisted they were joking, but Drew has a reputation so I find it difficult to accept that. Also they didn't apologize. Then they accused me of not being able to have fun. In what way could that be fun for me? Explain that?

Drew and I have had back and forth bickering for a while and we've both agreed we're feed up of it, so on multiple occasions we've agreed to make peace. Since then, Drew has slayed me with a sword, taunted me with false gifts and done this. I'm fed up with this. I admit I may have kept up the rally before, but never doing anything directly harmful. I have links to the only bad thing I've done to him in the past week.

http://gyazo.com/6915b9540d0ec31e2a27f9b772ecad1b
http://gyazo.com/25b0f5b72a4885887b57a22a442e48c3

As you can see in that last picture Drew said some offensive things that greatly displeased me as a homosexual. It's already difficult being gay without having to put up with bullies like him.

If anybody wants to hear Drew's motives for breaking the one rule here they are: On his first day he came to mine and Syrenn's base. Does he not know not to come into the ginger bread house? We killed him and ate his flesh (Sai only was involved in the eating of flesh part). I personally think it's fair enough for him to get mad, but he repeatedly takes it too far. However after this he comes back at our request, we give him all of his stuff back, but then he stole a sword (a precious iron sword called Jeremy Irons). This angered us so we told him to get out and never come back, calling ourselves even as that blade had sentimental value. Then Drew continues with the teasing and the odd homophobic remark; which he could probably get away with if he was 11.

Please can we ensure neither of us conflict again. I'm fed up of constant conflict.

Edit: Recently Drew said this: http://gyazo.com/9924b77f0f2c02cda8b82a8a849e8ee7

Edit 2: Also take not I deleted some Mystcraft stuff of his.

Edit 3: I'm no longer mad at Drew for his homophobic remarks. Maybe I was being oversensitive and also Drew apologised. He insists he's not actually homophobic and I'm inclined to believe him.

Edit 4: I sarcastically said this, don't let Drew use this against me: http://gyazo.com/e3f450b2ab5708d5250e598b8382eafc

Edit 5: I redact all bad things I said about Yokay, he's cool.

Edit 6: Look at what Drew put at spawn: http://gyazo.com/db97115890e481d4635d75e6033d55d9 




 Is it possible to change this line in the Logistics Pipes configs to true?

 # Enable Support for TE conduits to allow them to connect LP pipes.
 # This feature MODIFIES TE. That means that bugs inside TE could be caused by LP.
 # DON'T REPORT BUGS TO TE WITH THIS FEATURE ENABLED.
 B:TEPipeSupport=false

This will work on servers without having to edit the client side configs. 




 Will the server have to stick to the TPPI pack exactly or is it possible extra mods may be added? 




 Does anybody have a config for RI that is compatible with TPPI? It's become a pain to install because of all the conflicts. Anybody preserve through this task and have a config to share? 




 What does Immibis Microblocks add to the pack that FMP doesn't? I'm not sure what Immibis Microblocks does exactly, I assume it's just like FMP, except worse mod support. 
























 I'm fairly sure Clark was supposed to be Jesus, not God. Neither really made sense to me though - I always saw him as Moses. 




 I want to say Stane, but his relationship with Stark wasn't developed enough and he turns into a Saturday morning cartoon villain at the end.   




 [It's a great one as well](http://imgur.com/a/L7zDu) 




 Neutral. The funny guy is always neutral.  




 I'd argue he's had some of the greatest artists - Miller, Maleev, Queseda, Mack, Lark, Aja, Samnee, Rivera and Romita JR (in his prime) to boot. 




 Stan Lee's was only really mediocre. Not his best work. 




 That 2Pac/James Brown mash-up! I love it. Shame it was misused in the actual film.  




 It was too early for this. The IMDb scores haven't settled yet.  




 From Dusk Till Dawn 




 Watchmen - a panel by panel adaption of the comics with the depth of the characters taken out and replaced with poor acting and an emotionless ending. Anything remotely clever in the movie is pegged from the comics, but there was cleverer stuff in there that they ignored. I dislike Snyder's visual style very much and the movie ended up looking like one of the numerous comic imitators of the 80s. Gilliam was right - it was unfilmable. 




 Nope, just look at the plethora of good Stephen King movies. 




 I think the final battle was flawed, but only because I found it ridiculously boring, not because of excessive property destruction. I would have liked to have seen Supes saving people though. 




 Y: The Last Man - it is my go to comic for proving that comics aren't for children or cape enthusiasts and don't have to be dark and edgy to be great. The characters are great and binge reading it reminds me of binge watching a season of an excellent TV show. The dialogue is smart and quippy and the plot - whilst a riff on a Mary Shelly novel - is quite original in this modern age.

I'd easily recommend it other one of Bryan K Vaughan's other works like Saga - which continuously falls into the trap of "we're allowed to do anything, so we shall." 




 It doesn't really get great until the Omniman twist, so I'd say read a bit beyond that.  




 Daniel Craig working with Chad Stahelski and David Leitch of John Wick 




 The dialogue is probably the only thing bringing it down or me (although I'd rather there were more Fantasy element). 




 His review of the Raid disappointed me as well. 




 First Class... 




 Iron Man 3 - I already enjoyed it the first viewing, but I didn't realise how great the character work in that movie was until it was pointed out to me. 




 I loved him in the Walking Dead.  




 Animal Farm (1954) holds up really well. It's not as good as the book, but is very faithful and as a result retains the intellegence of Orwell's writings. 




 After watching it, I get so many more references. 




 Toy Story 3 - not sure which is more emotional, the toys all accepting death as they enter the incinerator or when Andy realised he's too old for his toys and gives them away.  




 The dogfights in Serenity are absolutely beautiful, but his dialogue - whilst I am a fan of it - won't match SW's tone at all. 




 3.8 




 Ferris Bueller's Day Off 




 Another fun fact: Mysterio tricked Daredevil into thinking a newborn was the devil and it drove him nuts.  




 I'm quite find of a run from about a decade ago where he became a teacher. 




 The open ending gabe me an Empire Strikes Back vibe.  




 Emily Blunt 




 Unfortunately. Jeph Leob at his worst. 




 It's a toss up between Moon and Dredd. Both are underrated gems. 




  Physical. 




 Have you grown sick of it?

I love it, but I'm a but of a Matthew Vaughn fanboy so... 




 Oh.  I thought /u/JosephFurguson meant a comic. I love his comic work. 




 What work of his was rejected by Marvel/DC? 




 I'm not sure. For me, it's a toss-up between Fargo, True Detective and Hannibal. I wasn't a big fan of Fargo's convient ending TBH. 




 In related news: I hear Kelly Sue DeCormick is getting a TV show.  




 I don't get the "style over substance" argument. Film is a visual medium - style is substance. 




 To everyone who complained about her lack of action in the last act I say: she was pregnant. It would have been so difficult to make her do anything substantial. 




 It was probably a reference to whatever movie Star Wars nabbed it from. 




 Lord of the Rings - hear me out. I wasn't really enjoying it from the get-go, but I was watching it with a group of friends who kept insisting the next part of the trilogy was better. The films did get progressively better, but they still weren't *that* good. I was largely bored and uninterested in the characters, the only thing that really interested me was the lore. As a result, I felt like I wasted 9 hours on mediocre movies (and I know I could have skipped the last half-hour of Return of the King). I appreciate the love and hard-work that went into making them, it just didn't click with me.  




 It's cool. I was just saying I'd find one of those series getting a movie more interesting, the same way I'd find a Good Omens movie more appealing than a random YA novel that was enjoyable, but not that great. 









 I never thought Marvel had anything to do with the comics I mentioned - I was making a point about CBMs in general. 




 I agree with you on everything, but generalising CBMs. I agree that some people are getting tired of Superhero movies, but I bet those people would kill to see more movies like Sin City, The History of Violence and V for Vendetta (even the Zack Snyder movies I'm not a fan of).

There are so many great comics I'd rather see get an adaption than a C-list Marvel hero - I say this a massive Marvel Comics fan. I'd like to see Maus, East of West, Saga or Y: The Last Man come to the big screen before Ant-Man.  









 Prometheus doesn't even have a bad score. It's not as bad a movie as people make out. Still not great though.

Edit: I'm not too found of The Good Wife. Can I blame Ridley for that as well? 




 I actually think his writing is better when he has another creative (not writer) who can match him. I think Brad Bird is just the guy who can give us that. Though the trailer for Tomorrowland did nothing for me, Bird has made it my most anticipated film for the rest of the year (more so than Star Wars or Ant-Man). 




 I prefered the Goldeneye N64 game, but Sean Bean was great in that movie.  




 That movie looks kinda cool. 




 I agree that they had some great films, but the Craig films are so much more accessible for a modern audience. I love those movies, but most of them are quite dated and may seem kind of silly. I think that might off-put people. If they really enjoyed Casino Royale and Skyfall, they should backtrack to the Connery and Moore films (I don't like the Brosnan ones - the dialogue in them is pretty poor). 




 If you must watch any two, watch Casino Royale and Skyfall. Casino Royale is a well-crafted thriller set to a backdrop of an extremely high-stakes poker game and Skyfall is a beautifullly shot thriller  about a man rebuilding himself after a great loss. Both have great action setpieces and surprisingly decent character work, but what makes them really great is watching the world around Bond change and grow. 









 That's not remotely true. The anti-Marvel circlejerk is just as bad - maybe worse - than the pro-Marvel circlejerk. I don't even like those movies, but it annoys me to see them hated on it that way. 




 Do you have a photo of your Justice League? 




 Demon in a Bottle, Extremis, Armour Wars, Doom Quest and The Invincible Iron Man by Matt Fraction. 




 IMO, Glover is completely wrong for Miles. Not only is he far too old, but personality-wise, he's much more in line with Peter. I get that he's an actor, but I think Peter would be a much more natural fit. 




 It's been pretty unpopular the last few years. I can only think of two points in this century people cared about them and that's when Mark Waid and Jonathan Hickman wrote them (I wish more people read the Dwayne McDuffie run) 




 Every cameo could be our last. We just have to make the most of them. 




 Thor: The Dark World. That was a fucking pretty movie.  




 Try following [this](http://www.comicbookherald.com/the-complete-x-men-reading-order-guide-modern-marvel-comics-era/) on Marvel Unlimited (only reasonable way to do this). It's missing several notable series though. NYX, New Mutants (volume 2), New X-Men (volume 2) and Mike Carey's run on X-Men and X-Men Legacy come to mind. Other than that, it's pretty comprehensive. 




 Nope 




 Agreed. 




 Yep! 




 Nope.  




 * Neo-noir flavour
* Borderline heroes/antiheroes
* Subtle, but meaningful political messages 




 I watched John Wick with my Mum and she was in tears when the beagle died. 




 The Birds 




 Or Matt Fraction's. 




 All the Iron Man films are great at this. 




 Well it's not looking good for either of those two in the New 52 either. Superman is a Superdick and Batman is... Well...  




 A more personal event. Now that these movies are so successful, they can experiment more with different genres. If the Avengers were tasked with saving people from a giant wave, how would that affect them. Would they experience survivors guilt or would they keep moving onwards? 




 Good idea.

RemindMe! 1,100 days 




 Nope, but that was a very fun movie. 




 Jason, Heracules, Argus, Asclepius, Iolaus, Medea and Orpheus are just a few members of the forever rotating line-up. 




 Yes for the Incredibles, and no on Kick-Ass. I actually think it's his worst movie, but I still really enjoyed it though. 




 I don't think I can give an explanation that can rival some of the other users on this thread, but can I recommend John Ostrander's Suicide Squad run? It has a different team to the movie, but I think that's the vibe they're going for. It's surprisingly good and worth a read. 




 That'd be pulp fiction at its finest. 




 16 and it is a toss up between Matthew Vaughn and Brad Bird, but I have favourites for both. 




 Saving Private Ryan. 




 Not a movie, but the play Journey's End is a brilliant depiction of it. Read the script if it's not showing as it's fantastic. 




 You saw him get tired after doing a lot of running. I liked that. 




 It is Phase 2. Some officials have said so. 




 Why wouldn't you include Ant-Man? 




 I think Quicksilver died because of licensing issues, not becauee he'd be too OP for Civil War. 




 Probably because they're poor ensemble movies. Even First Class, only really gave decent focus to three characters. 




 I'm confused as to why people think he's confusingly redundant. It probably has something to do with the fact he has no powers, which is to ignore the fact he's the team's tactician and has fought (and defeated) gods by himself. 




 [Unless it's the one where he releases a miniature version of himself from his palm. That one's awesome.](http://goodcomics.comicbookresources.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/newpower3.jpg) 




 Yeah, Supes is Invincible, but that doesn't make him boring - bad writing makes him boring. The best Superman stories involve moral conflict over his actions or the impact his presence has on other people. The bad ones just have him punch stuff for 22 pages.  




 That's disappointing. This is probably my favourite bit of the movie, yet they've revealed it before the majority of their audience has watched it. 




 The Winter Soldier has more relavance to the plot of Age of Ultron if that influences your decision. 




 Plotwise, The Winter Soldier is miles away from the comic arc, but it perfectly nailed the comic's tone. 




 If the same script for Inglourious Basterds was interpreted by the actors slightly differently, that movie would be terrifying. 




 Goodfellas, Casino and The Wolf of Wall Street 




 Interstellar and WALL*E 




 I read it this weekend and loved every page, except the ones with Tom Foster. 




 It was kind of forgettable. It was just a really heavy-handed excuse to get people to side with the Hulk. World War Hulk is a great story and worth a read (along with Pak's other Hulkcules works). 




 World War Hulk 




 So we'll find out who Danvers is played by this tike next year, probably. I'm excited to see more Josh Brolin. He's a fantastic actor with a great screen presence. Even in his more minor roles, he's almost always the most memorable character. 




 I hope they do more Marvel Colours books. They were the best retellings Marvel has done. I hope they do an Iron Man: Silver or a Fantastic Four: Purple.  




 Is it me or are Iceman, Spider-Man and The Human Torch all the same person? 




 In the comics, weren't the Chitari just a Skrull crime family? 




 Yes and I'm saying Marvel Studios, Warner Brothers, Fox and Sony need to mix it up much more.

You can either make Wonder Woman a boring, female Superman or you could create a Game of Thrones-style fantasy world for her to inhabit and have her face a more personal threat.  




 I think the big problem here is that there isn't much on screen variation between movies. They're mostly pretty similar. If you read the comics, you'll know there's so much more that can be done in the genre than is being done in the films. 




 This has happened in TV. Before The Office, having a laugh track was the norm and now shows with laugh tracks - typically - aren't considered as great. 




 I think it's crucial to show superheroes actually saving people. I think it's kind of a "save the cat" moment. Age of Ultron does it surprisingly well. 




 The few friends of mine who read comics IRL thibk it's great. I think it completely slowed down the Bendis era (my favourite Avengers run), but set the Avengers in a interesting direction afterwards. 




 The whole DnA saga deserves a read. I'd say he should Definately read Thanos (2003-2004) and Annihilation a read first. 

[Here's a pretty decent reading order](http://i.imgur.com/FUM3v.jpg) 




 Astonishing X-Men. It's written by Joss Whedon (writer-director of Age of Ultron) and drawn by John Cassaday (who Disney had enough faith in to allow him to draw Star Wars). It features lots of quirky one-liners, great characters and a very similar team dynamic. It's 24 issues, then a Giant-Sized special.


If you have Netflix, I recommended giving Firefly a watch. It has far more in common with Age of Ultron than you'd think (beyond Joss Whedon). It's 14 episodes, then a two-hour movie. 

Edit: I feel the need to explain myself - despite, the fact no-one has explained why they disagree with me. Astonishing X-Men is the comic equivalent to Age of Ultron (which I've seen). It includes heavy themes, but handles them with genuinely funny humour and has a well-balanced cast of characters that is so perfectly Joss Whedon. There is no comic that comes closer to replicating the feeling of Age of Ultron in my opinion and frankly, it's better than a lot of other comics recommend here. Yes, it does star the X-Men, but it should still excite you so much more for the film than reading the (equally great) Hickman run as it's closer to what you should expect from the film.  The same goes for Firefly.  




 Or the first to show what a bad mother fucker Thanos is. 




 Sorry, but I think Fox own the Phalanx. 




 It's an Archie Comics reference, yes. 




 Shaft, starring Michael Cera. 




 Throw in Spider-Woman and you've got a badass team. 




 I thought she was 19 in the Ultimate Universe. 
























 Nope. It's not an action movie. 




 1. -
2. True Romance
3. The Raid 2 




 V for Vendetta and The Dark Knight Returns. I'd just love to see a really liberal Alan Moore character clash with Frank Miller's fascist Batman. 




 You're a mutie, Harry. 




 I felt just a lovely Spielbergian vibe that I dug so much. I really think it's one of the stronger movies. 




 And its sequel. 




 What's that in? 




 Firstly, Age of Ultron had nothing to do with the comic and the other three aren't even out yet. Secondly, I said credited, not named after. As in the actual credits say "Based on Iron Man: Extremis" or something. 




 No, in the credits for both Days of Future Past and The Wolverine, they say "Based on Days of Future Past by Chris Claremont and John Byrne" and "Based on Wolverine by Chris Claremont and Frank Miller". They'll likely do this again for Apocalypse and Fantastic Four. 




 I hope most sequels are team up movies. Wouldn't it be great to see Doctor Strange have a small role in Spider-Man 2? 




 I dislike most of the final battles in the movies. I feel **most** of them don't hold much emotional weight.

Exceptions are probably Age of Ultron, The Winter Soldier and (maybe) Guardians of the Galaxy. Iron Man is the worst, Stane turns from someone truly menacing to a cartoon villain. 




 I know the franchise is predominantly for children, but the current IDW Transformers comics are the shit. 




 Nah. He likes Luke Cage, Spider-Woman and Daredevil. Probably because they overlap with other genres better.  




 Tim Sale and Alex Maleev both have drawb a great Daredevil 




 Didn't she fail to keep that up? 




 The Fast and the Fury Road would be pretty badass.  




 I said I didn't like one aspect of Guardians of the Galaxy, a day later I was on -30 and got alerts asking whether or not I had a healthy relationship with my mother. I don't think that's acceptable. 




 I don't know how common this is, but I used to think Carlito's Way was directed by Scorsese.  




 I would like to see you the proposed book club idea come to fruition. 




 Not dark, but Interstellar involves time warping and is quite serious.  




 Not the best writing, but Natalie Portman in the Thor films. She just looks like she doesn't care. 




 At least TV is getting some variety. This Autumn we'll have Preacher, two Walking Dead shows, iZombie, Constaintine, Sex Criminals and a few more shows are coming down the line by Matt Fraction and Kelly Sue DeComick. This is probably a better place for comic adaptations due to their serialised nature.

Films for We3, Y: The Last Man and Wytches have been announced, but I doubt much will happen with them. :( 




 Beyond what? 




 I think you mean Superhero fatigue. People don't get "book fatigued". Would you really object if every comic book movie is A History of Violence or V For Vendetta tier and came out every three-four months? 




 This becomes so clear on the rewatch of Season 4 in particular.  




 I've got to remember that one. 




 The many studied at the school of Grant Morrison and came out with all the wrong lessons. It's like he heard what Morrison had to say and ventured in the opposite direction. M 




 Bendis is at his best when he's given complete freedom. No consequences and very little continuity let his dialogue and plotting shine. When he's leading events or restricted by what has been happening in other books over the years, his writing is less interesting.

Millar on the other hand needs restrictions. Give him structure and focus and he can come up with a masterpiece such as Superman: Red Son, but sometimes he gets wrapped up in ultraviolence and rape when it feels like toning it down would really help the story. I feel that's what they're doing with his film adaptations - they filter out a lot of his crap, but that's really what his editors should be doing. 




 Lots of Mark Millar and Bendis there I must note. TBH, those big battles tend to take away from the personality and meaning from the comic. Look at House of M, which is a surprisingly poignant and touching event, but it just descends into a series of splash pages towards the end. 




 Thrills. 




 Mind if I use this? 




 Starlin bringing his grandiose style to the big screen would be great. IMO he also writes the definitive Batman. 




 No-one better than Vaughan' for a Runaways movie. He created and perfected the characters.

Which other comic writers are experienced with TV and Film? i can think of Bendis, JMS and (maybe) Gaiman. 




 How is Fight Club 2? I was gonna pick it up in trade.  




 For me, it'd be Jason Aaron on Black Panther or Bendis on Spider-Man.

Aaron is used to writing tough badasses and his brief run on the Black Panther comics proved that. In three issues, he gave an in-depth understanding of both Wakandan and Skrull cultures and some truly epic battles. I'm sure he'd be able to replicate that for the big screen.

As for Bendis on Spider-Man, has any writer had such a definitive run on a character that they didn't create? (Maybe Frank Miller) He added so much to the mythos in his retelling and his stylised dialogue is perfect for film. With his inclusion in the film, he could bring along his cast of characters from Ultimate Spider-Man - who doesn't want to see a live-action Kong or Ganke (can you do Ganke without Miles?). 









 I love Truth: Red, White and Black. A really great read. If were introducing Bradley, it means that we're not too far away from Patriot and the Young Avengers.  




 You seem to be misunderstanding Rotten Tomatoes - it is only a gage of what percentage of critics liked it, not how good it is. That would be for a site like Metacritic (where it sits at a very healthy 66%). Most critics who liked it gave it a very positive review, but some struggled to overlook the flaws. Take a movie like Star Trek (2009) - it's a very enjoyable movie that most people liked (hence the 92%), but nobody who liked both it and The Wolf of Wall Street (77%) would argue it's a better movie. It's really just a way of figuring out the odds of you liking a movie and collecting the scores in one place and don't forget that 74% is still a very good score. I think, if you're looking for a place to gage how good a movie is, look towards IMDb. Although it is skewed towards films enjoyed by a teenaged and early twenties demographic, it is a better measure of how good a movie is overall as that's what it is trying to achieve, unlike Rotten Tomatoes. On IMDb, Age of Ultron has an 8.1, putting it in the top 400 movies.

**TL;DR** RT isn't for measuring how good a movie is and most critics liked it - a lot.  




 Is Groot still an alien monarch in the films? 




 This just doesn't make sense to me. I've been wanting to read Punisher MAX for ages, but the TPBs are so expensive.  




 This just doesn't make sense to me. I've been wanting to read Punisher MAX for ages, but the TPBs are so expensive.  




 What about his Ultimates? 




 Is any of the stuff before worth reading at all? 




 Sometimes, I just can't believe Reddit. 

Do you want to know why i don't like LotR?

* The characters are uninteresting and dull (with the exception of Boromir).
* There's way too many characters. It wasn't hard to follow, I just didn't want to.
* (Only really a problem with the Fellowship) The first one seemed to be aimed at young children with lots of childish jokes and dumb slapstick and dialogue - which then seemed really odd because of some of the darker things in that movie.
* The action is really boring. I spent so much time waiting for something interesting, but it never came.
* It's so slow and so long. There's just so much that doesn't need to be there (like the last 40 minutes of RotK). You could say these moments enhance the world, but it already is so rich and vast those moments just drag.
* The lack of an interesting villain. I don't even know why I should care at times.
* The plot revolves around a MacGuffin and is full of Deus ex Machinas (an army of ghosts? WTF?).
* Too much exposition. 
* Too many subplots that just don't matter to me. Why should I care if Aragon found love or didn't or whatever? I don't care about Aragon.
* There isn't actually that much plot there. Just look at how little Sam and Frodo's story progresses from the end of the Fellowship to their encounter with Gollem in RotK. If you cut out all of their story up to that point, you could still follow along just fine.

Things I did like:

* I respect how well made it is. 
* Good acting. 
* The landscape and environment is just beautiful. 
* Middle-Earth was a pretty rich world by the end of it. 




 Is it reading all of the stuff that came before? i'm very interested in delving into this universe and I don't know whether it'd be worth reading all of it, or just a few. 




 Disappointed to see LotR scoring so I highly. I know it's a controversial opinion on /r/Movies but I really don't LotR. 




 Adam Warlock. I can see him as a wise and powerful guy. 




 Saga, Sex Criminals, Sandman, Wytches, Southern Bastards, Y: The Last Man, Afterlife with Archie and We3 quickly come to mind. 




 So like Vertigo or Image or what-have-you.  




 Or eat. 




 Tony was an interesting new status quo, shame it didn't last long. 




 Excellent, isn't it? IMO, E for Extinction stands as both a great X-Men story and a great Grant Morrison story. 




 Do Tarantino movies count? If so, the Candyland sequence in Django Unchained is jaw dropping. 




 So, the majority of my problems with Nolan movies are Jonathan's fault? 




 I love how this is one of the most iconic pages from the event, yet it wasn't even in the main series. 




 My bad. I actually noticed that on my shelf after writing it. I guess his art isn't great (unless he did the Thanos Quest?). 




 Not really a fan of Theron, but I love the idea of an older woman in the role. There aren't very many good action roles for women over 40 (which Chalize will be when Captain Marvel comes put), so I think it would be great if Marvel decided to help diversify on another level. Fighting sexism and ageism in the industry is a commendable cause, why not got for the trifecta and hire Pam Grier?

Damn, I'd love to see Pam Grier in a Marvel movie.  




 Ultimate Ben is in love with her. 




 His brief run on Thanos (2003) was also excellent, shame it's kind of gone downhill since then. His art can be great though, look at his work on Batman: The Cult. 




 Thanos (2003). It leads into Annihilation if you like it.  




 Are you sure it's not Laurence Fishburne? 




 Shall we expect news on that soon? 




 What's happened to the Titans show? 




 It's not even accurate. This is the second sequel. 




 Also: where's Pepper? Is she completely gone from this franchise now? 




 I'm loving the cynical choice of giving RDJ the first credit. 




 True Detective style time jumps would be awesome.  




 I hope we see more of the 2003 New Mutants than the 80s team. I want to see Prodigy on the big screen.  




 Gotta read his Batman or Marvel Colours work. All of that is absolutely beautiful and can easily reduce one to tears. 




 Hundreds of variants, millions of copies sold, antihero leads and constant rereleases. Anyone else getting dj vu? 




 Don't be a hero? Don't be a fool with your life? 




 Replace Mr Fantastic with the Maker. 




 Beak is my favourite - you just can't help but feel sorry for him.  




 If they do Iron Lad, it better be a time-travelling Kang the Conqueror like in the comics. 




 Bodes well for Civil War and Infinity War. 




 I always sa that as the characters not the movie. I'd struggle to believe that the man who made Jackie Brown could make a racist movie. 




 She was a villain though, then Charlie Day proceeds to try and kill her.  




 That would be a plus of a hard reboot (which I am totally in favour of). 




 Yes. Why? 




 I know, but it is hard to accept any point about racism made by John Wayne and no one in that movie makes a point disagreeing with him. 




 Sexist is the wrong word, but woman are almost always put in the background in action movies. They're typically motivation for men, love interests or there is one woman who kicks ass and no others. They typically are never afforded complex characters as men are.  




 I read that in Luke Cage's voice. 




 I have a similar feeling about racism in The Searchers. Knowing that the Duke was actually a racist, makes it hard to believe that it was just his character talking in that movie. 




 Most modern action movies are inherently sexist. The only ones that I can think of that aren't are the Fast   Furious films. 




 I wish I had a daughter to share Korra and Leslie Knope with. Such great characters. 




 * Seven Samurai
* The Magnificent Seven
* A Bug's Life
* 13 Assassins 




 Stop downvoting this guy. I think he's refer to the 1940s serial. 




 I forgot about Wolverine. It is actually really good. The art - whilst kind of cartoonish - is pretty awesome. Logan looks how I imagine he normally should - rough and tough, rather than the short Superman-esque build I found him looking like in the Avengers books of that era. 









 Front Line, New Avengers, The Confession, Young Avengers/Runaways, The Amazing Spider-Man, Captian America, Winter Soldier - Winter Kills and maybe Iron Man. 

Frankly, apart from Front Line and New Avengers, the others only really are good if you've been reading the character's own series. 









 I must ask if they're doing a hard reboot or a soft reboot. 




 Toy Story 3 




 I can't wait. Any series leading into the new ones or is it a complete reboot? 




 Dick was a better father. 




 I really can't recommend this. Setting aside my feelings for the event - I abhor the main series, but there are some great tie-ins - it's far too expensive to consider getting anything beyond the main series. It'll cost $7 to just get the main series and $112 for the whole event, whereas a Marvel Unlimited subscription is $10/month for all the comics in the event and 13K more.  It just makes more sense, despite the few bonuses that come with Comixology (better smart panels for example). 




 Marvel and DCs current offerings are much more readable, so I'm more lax about that.  




 For me it was Andy giving away his toys and moving on. It was like saying goodbye. 




 Goodfellas, Casino, The Wolf of Wall Street and either The Departed or Taxi Driver. 




 Better than She's the Man. 




 I really like this order, but it's missing a lot of key series. NYX, New X-Men/Mutants, Mike Carey's X-Men, the Vulcan Saga, Origin II, Logan and chunks of Aaron's Wolverine and it is filled with a lot of mediocre books. 




 No pictures of Tatum? I can't wait to see what he looks like playing a character that's quite unconventional for him. 




 No one has mentioned Scarface? 




 I know that movie sucked and he's more of a DC guy, but I'm certainly not adverse to Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson.  




 I love the new team, as a black guy, I love seeing the Falcon and War Machine on the team (even better given the fact they're played by Anthony Mackie and Don Cheadle). That, along with the fact there are twice the number of female team members, really means they've created a much more diverse team so I instantly approve.

Here's hoping Falcon takes other Hawkguy's role as the clown. I think Mackie is perfect for it. 




 I hope it's Doc Strange. I love their relationship, especially when Bendis writes them.  




 3.8... 




 An Incredible Heracles TV series would be awesome. Heracules the Mighty accompanied by Amadeus Cho (with Pup in tow). The theme song writes itself. 




 The main series and Silver Surfer mini were pretty pretty. 




 What do you mean? Immensely popular, but have strong critics? 




 I agree with you. I was actually expanding on your point. Lol

Digge's is so disappoining, starting with the famous death is Guardian Devil, DD was having a massive breakdown that Bendis, Mack and Brubaker handled fantastically handled and Digge just ruined. 




 Worse than everyone who came before Miller? Worse than everyone who came between Nocenti and Smith? 




 I felt it was just randomly thrown into an action sequence. I feel it would have been better in the montage after he escapes the miners or just a sequence of him riding. 




 The dialogue. There's no subtext whatsoever and the characters often just state their emotions. Also, it's a Sci-Fi movie with no David Bowie and that's a sin. L 




 I love this movie so much, so it pains me to say it's too long. 




 Whiplash 
























 Personally, I'd much prefer an older Captain Marvel. It gives the appearance she's more experienced, also there are almost no decent action roles for women over 40. 




 Fant4stic 




 You're in luck, the third one is the best. 




 RemindMe! 50 years 




 The Ultimates and Bendis' New Avengers. 




 The Oath 




 Pulp Fiction - that way you have seen a bit of every movie released before 1994 




 Fuck Dexter's last 4 seasons! 




 I don't really understand calling his music dumb. Like I easily get finding it bad or being greatly annoyed by it, but it is inherently clever. 




 bingo 




 I prefer to call it the Dollars Trilogy. The Man With No Name has appeared in so many movies beyond those three. Pale Rider, Rango, The Outlaw Josey Wales are all just subtle variations on him. 




 I have a few reasons why, but I don't like sharing them because I always get viciously downvoted. If you'd like I'd PM them to you. 




 Transformers - I've been reading the current comic series and it's actually quite thought-provoking and very interesting. The films are anything but.

Also, not a big fan of Looper, I found it a bit slow and the mechanics of time-travel didn't really sit well with me. I also had a hard time agreeing with a lot of the characters were doing a lot of the time. I can see why a lot of people like it though.

Funny, I just criticised one movie, by saying I'd prefer it to be thought-provoking Sci-Fi, then proceed to criticise a movie that was exactly that. 




 End of a TV series, so kind of cheating.

Two men - one sitting, one standing, both in a hospital car park - debate the purpose their last twenty years, concluding it was all a battle between light and dark. Pan up to the stars. 




 An embarrassing thing happened to me yesterday. It's not really relevant, but I thiught if we're airing stuff out, I might as well share. I was coming back from a gathering slightly drunk and thought it was a good idea to stop and get chicken. I was 45 minutes from home before I started to notice what a bad idea getting chicken was. I tried rushing home, but it was too much to handle and I messed myself. I had to squelched my way home and then I took a long-ass shower. I don't know why I've added this to the thread, but it feels good to say. 




 I hope there is no explanation. It'd likely seem forced an detract from Johnny and Sue's relationship. 




 Twist: they don't care; it doesn't matter to them. 




 I've felt that for the whole run. 




 His dark side is called Ed Brubaker's run and is a highlight in his 75-year history. 




 Sorry, I must have misunderstood what you were trying to say wih the video. 




 Wow, that's kind of rude, just dismissing my opinion as a troll. Also, I didn't give a review, as I didn't mention the things those films did well. 




 I greatly respect your opinion, but I must ask this partly because I asked you to explain in the title of my post and because I'd love to hear why?

Is it the dated style of filmmaking, the clunky dialogue or the iffy acting?*

*I love these movies and I think that's all part of the charm. 




 Is True Romance really an  auteur film? It seems more driven by the writer's style of dialogue than anything else. 




 I'd say he's a skilled director who makes smarter-than-average and flawed, but very entertaining blockbusters.  




 For me it's Lord of the Rings.

Here's why:

* The characters are uninteresting and dull (with the exception of Boromir).

* There's way too many characters. It wasn't hard to follow, I just didn't want to.

* (Only really a problem with the Fellowship) The first one seemed to be aimed at young children with lots of childish jokes and dumb slapstick and dialogue - which then seemed really odd because of some of the darker things in that movie.

* The action is really boring. I spent so much time waiting for something interesting, but it never came.

* It's so slow and so long. There's just so much that doesn't need to be there (like the last 40 minutes of RotK). You could say these moments enhance the world, but it already is so rich and vast those moments just drag.

* The lack of an interesting villain. I don't even know why I should care at times.

* The plot revolves around a MacGuffin and is full of Deus ex Machinas (an army of ghosts? WTF?).

* Too much exposition. 

* Too many subplots that just don't matter to me. Why should I care if Aragon found love or didn't or whatever? I don't care about Aragon.

* There isn't actually that much plot there. Just look at how little Sam and Frodo's story progresses from the end of the Fellowship to their encounter with Gollem in RotK. If you cut out all of their story up to that point, you could still follow along just fine.
 









 He'a not an Avenger. Eric O' Grady is just some dick who stole an Ant-Man suit at the expense of his friend's life. There's a reason he's the irredeemable Ant-Man. 




 Ahh, the important questions straight off the bat. 




 Millar's run after Ellis was great too. 




 IMO, all of thise great things from the comic, couldn't work on film. It's a unique medium, especially considering the that you can read multiple panels and text boxes at the same time. 




 Sometimes I feel in the minority about Ant-Man looking good. Reed doesn't have the best track record, but the effects in the trailer look great. 




 I really like Batman: Year One, but I think it's only really great because of the strength of the original comic. The amount of narration really weighs it down, but I think they realised this when adapting Frank Miller's other great Batman story, The Dark Knight Returns. 




 When a movie is *that* good, I think the circlejerk is completely justified. 




 That team was perfect. 




 For a second, I thought Bendis was your flair. 




 Superman: Red Son or Old Man Logan. Alternate worlds seems to be off the table.

Outside of cape books, I'd love to see a Y: The Last Man mini-series.  




 Don't worry, we're here for you now. 




 She is, but she isn't telepathic.  




 Is it smarter? 




 Watching a 200 minute version of a movie I didn't really like and thought was already too long doesn't really appeal to me, but thank-you.  




 But Damon wasn't the producer for the Bourne movies. The MI movies are Tom Cruise's baby. They're *his* movies more than anyone else's. 




 Captain Marvel isn't telepathic. Who did you think she was? 




 The movie is already quite long and quite boring, I'm not sure I could sit through that. 




 [Oh, the joys of ant powers.](http://images-cdn.moviepilot.com/image/upload/c_fill,h_588,w_500/t_mp_quality/18dy5dvh22ytejpg-ant-man-the-avengers-phase-3-and-the-crisis-at-marvel-jpeg-72937.jpg) 




 I think you'd be surprised by the number of people that didn't get the pirate story. It's hardly Nolan-level hand holding (I love Nolan though).

Ignoring the symbolism and parallels between Ozzy, that's one of my favourite parts of the book as it's actually quite fun. While it wasn't really needed, it certainly would have added more depth to the film. 




 Rob Reiner doing another Coming-of-Age movie would be awesome.  




 Sorry that was the video, not the movie. 




 And my interest. 




 Mission Impossible is TC's franchise. He'll either end it or keep going into his sixties.  




 Base Transformers on the current IDW comics. It's really thought-provoking Sci-Fi. 




 The Amazing Spider-Man and Spider-Man are near identical movies in everything, but tone, villain and love interest.  




 [This is a pretty good reading order if you have Marvel Unlimited,](http://www.comicbookherald.com/the-complete-x-men-reading-order-guide-modern-marvel-comics-era/) but it's missing a few things like New Mutants (2003), New X-Men: Academy X, Mike Carey's X-Men Legacy, Vulcan's time in space and a good chunk of X-Factor.  




 The funny thing is, I thought it was a very left wing movie. It made great points about the rich being not so great and that being a gentleman is about how you behave, not class. 




 Consider Aaron's Secret Invasion tie-in. I think it's the last three issues. It stands alone really well and is very badass. 




 Luke Cage, as I'm a massive fan of the blaxploitation genre of cinema, so inserting him into the MU is just a blast. He's also shown to be a pretty great leader and a quite the badass.  




 Some good action and effects.  




 Or maybe Zack Snyder is the cause of the criticism.  




 I think the biggest fault with Watchmen is the fact it didn't deviate from the comics more. They should have changed the story enough to do their own thing and try and do something clever. Rather than just pinching elements from the comic and diluting them, they should have come up with some clever things themselves, like the X-Men movies have done.

That way, people like /u/Stankshadow would be more ready to accept its differences. 




 I don't think he really understood the book at all.  




 It actually has a lot of minor changes that really made the difference. Things like the pirate story or the death of Nite Owl I or the therapist or just the odd line of dialogue by Rorschach. Those completely change my perspective on the story and as a result the movie seems hollow.  




 I prefer the book's ending because the amount of character deaths and the gore was really impactful and the movie didn't have that. Also, they butchered "I already did it, 35 minutes ago." 














 The Walking Dead - whilst never being the best comic series (it's not even Kirkman's best current book), the affect it had on the comic book landscape in incomparable and it is thoroughly enjoyable.  




 More. After killing that universe he proceeds to kill famous literary characters like Sherlock Holmes as they inspired Superheroes. Then he renames himself Dreadpool and proceeds to try and killl every Deadpool in the Multiverse.  




 I was bored during the last act, not because the action was bad, but because there were no characters I really cared about. None. Superman was just a symbol - more like several conflicting signals actually - and if it wasn't for Snyder's direction, he wouldn't even be that.

I'm still not a fan of Snyder, but in the way I'm not a fan of cubism or interpretive dance. He's just not for me. 




 Luthor was exactly the way he was in the comics at that point. Which is a shame as I'd have preferred businessman Lex. M 




 Don't try an explain your BS with real world science and we have no problem. 




 Events were great and so was him being part of the Secret Avengers. It was like getting Dick twice a month. 




 It doesn't have to be a beer. 




 Damn right. I wish they wouldn't call themselves feminists, otherwise people like /u/Bigman61 will get confused. 




 I thought she was owned by Sony and has now returned. Even if she wasn't, that must've been a bit of a grey area.  




 I can recommend you some good Dick if you would like? 




 I had you at the Dick? 




 Never forget; actors can sign up for more movies. See: RDJ in Civil War.  




 Spider-Woman, but lets hope that's fixed down the line.  




 It's worse in Punisher MAX, he really wasn't good at making pop culture references. 




 It's certainly true for that Judge Dredd panel you linked, but Matt Hollingsworth is one of the best in the business and I'm really fond of his colouring. 




 There's a whole article there explaining it. 




 When weren't they? 




 It's moments like this that make me wish Joss never left Twitter.  




 Why can't we have nice and fun Superman in a gritty environment? 




 Also: last ten minutes of Reservoir Dogs 




 Be cartoony, do you mean nice and friendly? 




 **Noooooooooooo!!!** 




 But Bay's destruction isn't even visually appealing. It's like a dhitpost on /r/DestructionPorn 




 They have comics from the 30s! It's great! If you're looking for some older X-Men or Iron Man when he drank, you're in luck. 




 13K comics for $10/month. It's a ridiculously good deal.  




 You'd still be missing out on so many great Image comics.  




 I'd definitely prefer Cumberbatch in his native accent, but I think I'll try to stay open minded about it.

Strange is from Brooklyn, right? 




 /r/wallpapers 




 In Shinto Mythology there are these two-tailed cats that shapeshift. They come into your homes at night and kill your cats then take their form. After a while of studying you and learning your mannerisms, they kill you and take your form living out the rest of their days as you.  




 Add a scene of the mother tucking the daughter into bed first so we know what the mother looks like beforehand and the nighttime setting instantly makes it creepier. 




 A relatively new bromance, so we'll see how long it lasts, but I'm loving Tony and Bruce - Science Bros. 




 More female Superheroes, so probably White Tiger, Spider-Woman and Ms Marvel.

I'd add a few YA movies like The Runaways and Young Avengers. I know a lot of people think The Runaways would work better as a TV series, I'd prefer to see a female-led franchise on film.

I wouldn't hire D.B. Weiss and David Benioff to write Inhumans as this season of Game of Thrones has proved they're not very creative.

I'd introduce Dick Rider in an Annihilation movie.

I'd try and make the movies have more personal and emotional climaxes. I'm not interested if Spider-Man ends with him beating Doc Ock and winning, what made the end of Spider-Man 2 interesting was Doc Ock's sacrifice.

I'd make every sequel a team-up movie a la The Winter Soldier. How cool would Doctor Strange is Spider-Man 2 be? Or Black Panther in Thor: Ragnarok?

Hawkeye miniseries based on Fraction's run.

And of course, Dark Reign and Seige must happen.  




 I thought that about Martin Freeman until I saw Fargo. 




 Richard started as a teen hero (he's about Spidey's age) and he doesn't have to be white. I still prefer the war-hardened Nova from after Annihilation though. 




 I don't see any of these as bad. 




 Outside of the MCU, that black and gold armour is super sexy. 




 My mum as I'd want Peter to have someone looking after him that's as nice as she is. 




 He could make him really campy and still do him really well. I think I'd prefer him campy as watching Cranston have fun nowadays is an odd thing to see. 




 Goddammit! I didn't realise how much I wanted this until now. 




 Maybe one of Jackman's clones wants revenge for something.  




 I can imagine comic books and TV miniseries spinning out of this. 




 I always wanted an NWA movie so I guess I really lucked out. Their lives in the 80s and 90s always sounded so interesting even after them splitting up. I hope they don't glamourise it though. A gritty NWA movie would be awesome. 




 I frankly think this is more interesting than the subject of 8 Mile.  




 John Wick and the Raid 




 Who is also her girlfriend. She's dating a fucking dragon! How cool is that? 




 The Star Wars universe is so rich, I'm shockingly disappointed by the lack of genre diversity in the Expanded Universe. I'd love to see a noir-flavoured spy thriller in the Star Wars universe. 




 I think I'd prefer to see the other Quasar or Adam Warlock, but the Guardians is currently a bit of a sausage fest, so two new girls wouldn't be a bad thing.  




 "I don't want to kill anyone. I don't like bullies. I don't care where they came from." 




 Looks like Macbeth was about to slice a guy from crown to navel. 




 But the visuals are kinda the point. It'd be like taking away the visuals from a Sam Mendes film. 




 What's  New World? 




 Ideally action focused and foreign films are welcome. 




 I've only seen Die Hard out of those three and whilst it was pretty good, it doesn't reach my top 10. 
























 I heard a great idea on /r/Firefly that it was a GoT style TV series about 14 different people recieving the message from the end of Serenity and how the rest of the galaxy reacts. 




 Game is so hard on mobile. 




 Nova: Annihilation 




 Too soon 




 I couldn't find most of the New X-Men (Surge, Prodigy, Elixr etc). Are they are there? 




 No, but the power he displayed in the movie was still greater than he power SW displayed. 




 If we include Namora, can we include Hercules? 




 Comic Scarlet Witch? Sure. But she's not really displayed that much power in the movies yet. 




 I feel like it needs trimming, but I'm welcome to addition suggestions.

Deck:

Monsters: 24

Spells: 15

Trap: 12

Total Deck: 51

Extra Deck: 15

Monsters:

* Ojama Yellow **x3**
* Rescue Rabbit
* Junk Synchron **x3**
* Dandelion
* Mogmole
* Wind-Up Kitten **x3**
* Pon-Poko the Raccoon Rascal **x3**
* Valerifawn, Mystical Beast of the Forest **x3**
* Kalantosa, Mystical Beast of the Forest **x3**
* Baby Raccoon Tantan **x3**

Spells:
* Creature Swap
* Ayers Rock Sunrise **x2**
* Dark Hole
* Obedience Schooled **x2**
* Mystical Space Typhoon **x2**
* Spiritual Forest **x2**
* United We Stand **x3**
* Closed Forest **x2**

Traps:
* Super Rush Recklessly **x2**
* Beast Soul Swap **x2**
* Mirror Force **x2**
* Magic Cylinder
* Scrap Iron Scarecrow **x2**
* Token Stampede
* Dark Bribe **x2**

Extra Deck:
* Frozen Fitzgerald **x2**
* Junk Synchron **x3**
* Ally of Justice Catastor **x2**
* Daigusto Phoenix **x2**
* Number 64: Ronin Raccoon Sandayu **x3**
* Gachi Gachi Gantetsu
* Armor Kappa
* Number 96: Dark Mist 




 Isn't X-Men '92 digital only? If so, what's the point of the variant? 




 First Class is so much fun. 




 I absolutely agree, but for every writer that does a good job of being edgy (see: Garth Ennis or classic Frank Miller), you get five who aren't (see: modern Mark Millar or Grant Morrison's Happy). It annoys me that good writers try to hard and make every other word a cuss or have a prostitute get killed every other issue. 




 I think it's more about having the whole team involved for a sense of visual completion. 




 So like Milestone, but for women? That sounds awesome. Do you think it'd be likely they'd write Superhero comics? 




 So did his Daredevil. I'd argue his Avengers was also pretty good when not wrapped up in events. 




 I'm not entirely sure, but I think I would have saved Stane as the villain for another film. He would have acted as Tony's mentor, but it was hinted that he was doing some dodgy dealings meanwhile. As they were building a universe, having recurring characters like Stane would have been important. I probably would have gone for Hammer or the Mandarin as other villains and would have had a greater focus on Tony's drinking.

Sorry if that's a bad answer. 




 The Hulk in Tokyo would be pretty cool. 




 More importantly, any post slightly critical of these movies is downvoted. This shows quite a closed minded attitude.  




 * Revolving door of death
* Too many pointless events
* Too many variants
* Superhero comics are the only mainstream image of comics
* Reluctancy to start afresh
* No sense of scale as major events happen in every cape book all the time and they kind of undermine events
* Lack of women in the industry
* Oversexualised characters
* Inconsistent timelines
* Crappy creative teams on the best characters
* Most great Superhero stories are only great in the context of that character
* There's too many creator-owned books that are 2edgy4me. Why can't you tell a story with sex and violence, without playing edgy comics bingo?
* Status quos never last
* Being a new reader is horrifying
 




 "I need to talk to Caesar!" 




 But, that's not very interesting or entertaining, is it? 




 Apparently Idris Elba can never be Bond because of the leaks.
 




 Would you care to go over aboriginal history? 




 I feel The Raid 2 was the movie Evans wanted to make initially, but couldn't due to budget restraints. 2 opens up the world, creating a horrendous Gangster's Paradise whilst still topping the action of the first one. That kitchen fight. 




 Iron Man - how does Jeff Bridges' Stane go from a morally complex businessman to a cartoon villain in the last twenty minutes? Up until that point, Bridges was one of my favourite parts of that film. 




 Thor 2's visuals were splendid and made the movie for me. 




 Full gay? 




 I used to complain that the opening of Guardians of the Galaxy felt forced and undeserved, but now it just upsets me. 




 Source? 




 Not really. I don't mind Melissa McCarthy (although our senses of humour differ greatly), but I think Paul Feig is a good director by any means. He's an average television director who made traction because he did some mediocre work on some great shows.

I was never a fan of Paul Feig, but [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FOzD4Sfgag) really enlightened me to why. 









 Still waiting to watch The Assassination of Jesse James and The Wicker Man. Still waiting... 




 Fast and Furious 5-7 are pretty good movies, the first four... Not so much. 




 The Outlaw Josey Wales 




 Elf 




 I love Cullen Bunn's Deadpool miniseries. They're so much fun. 




 Flashpoint was pretty good, I thought. I only read the main event though. 




 I think it'll be fine as long as he's not just throwing out one-liners. 




 It stopped being a procedural last year though. 




 Season 3 was just a mess. It was four episodes' worth of plot, stretched out over thirteen. 




 I'd rather see a Gotham Central TV series. 









 Tokyo Drift ain't got nothing on Fast Five. 




 They wouldn't kill Matt's one Asian friend, would they? 




 I'm trying to imagine Rupert Grint as Penance now. 




 All of your choices, The Runaways, Young Avengers, White Tiger and Nova. 




 James Wan was 27 when he made Saw.  




 Eminem, but once he's famous. His troubles metamorphosed into a unique beast once he hit platinum. Drugs, rap, assult and fatherhood are pretty interesting subjects for a movie. Alas, I guess having two biopics is a bit unfair. 




 I've never met someone else who doesn't like LotR. I knew there were at least dozens of us! Dozens of us! 




 It was called Lord of the Rings - they're family movies. Don't try and turn kid's movies into an insult. There are so many great ones. 




 I actually think it's a reference to that famous Superman line, "faster than a speeding bullet." 




 So, favourably and lots of people will rewatch them time and time again? Does that mean this sub's equivalent to T2 in 30 years is The Winter Soldier? 




 Why not Adamantium nails? 




 Is this Macbeth as an action movie? I'd think that'd be pretty cool. 




 Bendis really knows what the kids are into. 




 As much as I love it, I kind of doubt it. It's so dependant on poking fun of contemporary films and filmmakers it'll date pretty poorly IMO. 




 Django has a bunch of unofficial sequels starring other actors. 
 




 Snikt, bub. 




 They can take Cornwall as well. 




 He's one of my favourite film composers and having him come back would greatly excite me. 




 This is very funny and all, but they've kind of misunderstood Ultron's motives, then again Whedon didn't really make it very clear in the film himself. 




 And an episode of The Office. I belive it was the episode before Joss Whedon's. 




 Nobody said there weren't. Maybe you should review the title again. 




 I can't remotely blame them, but wouldn't you love to see more? 




 I meant this year. In the grand scheme of things, this isn't that many movies. These movies have been over twenty years, the average amount of non-cape comic book movies a year is still under two on average. That really isn't great, especially compared to the number of book adaptions. 




 Are there? Obviously I can think of the classics like A History of Violence and V for Vendetta, but I can only think of one comic movie released so far this year that wasn't a cape movie (Kingsman). Care to give me some more examples? 




 It's about being able to see him making a difference. It has more weight and substance when you can immediately see the consequences. A caveman can understand the danger when Supes catches Louis in Siperman: The Movie, but the convulted saving the world victories have less weight and are harder to celebrate, especially if you're already not that into a movie. 




 Fair enough, although I really meant in the final act. 




 Hawkeye could get divorced. That could be an interesting direction for the character. Having to move out with only a dog and Kate to keep him company. 




 Quite a few years away, but I'm very much looking forward to Gareth Evans capping off his Raid trilogy. 




 He still didn't break Gordon though, so overall it's a loss. 




 Nope. He didn't break Gordon, although he did trick Batman into killing him. 




 Superman's character was defined by what others told him, so by the end of the film I had no idea what kind of person he was. I have no problem with Supes destroying clearly vacated buildings, but I do mind him never going out of his way to save individuals. A scene involving him saving people would have helped me see him more of a hero. This one is purely personal preference, but the colour scheme didn't work for me and I can't imagine it in a Superman movie. Even though it quoted All-Star Superman, it didn't really get what made Superman special (hint: his complete altruism). The action didn't really work for me, I felt like there was too much happening on the screen, even when simple things like flight were happening. My biggest complaint is the mixture of conflicting symbols - was Supes Jesus, Moses, the embodiment of the American dream, a foreigner in our land? 




 Her character was older. 




 This is the only Zak Snyder movie I've enjoyed, but I still don't think it's that good. Would you mind if I explained why I didn't like it *that* much? 




 I think Lord of the Rings is well made garbage. 




 I say that's only really true for this century. 




 This isn't an unpopular opinion, especially on /r/movies. 




 Secret Invasion: Black Panther is really excellent. Jason Aaron writes badasses really well. 




 Josh Brolin as Nick Fury is brilliant. 




 How has no-one mentioned Drax specifically? 




 Casablanca 




 The annoying thing is, Birdman isn't even pretentious. It mocks pretentious movies as much as it does blockbusters. 




 So the answers to "What's a movie similar to Pulp Fiction/The Wolf of Wall Street/Fast and Furious 7?" Are all the same?

Yup. Sounds like /r/Movies. 




 What is the point of Wolverine's Adamantiun skeleton? 




 I've been watching this post for the past 5 hours and all I can say is /r/ movies sure is a fickle bunch. Right now it's at +8, but an hour ago it was at -4 and an hour before that it kept circling around -1 to 1. 




 Do they present them without bias? Like, did they the bad shit they did as well? I really want to know if they included the beating of Dee Barnes in there. 




 This is great. Surprised by the downvotes though, it's as if people just saw Marvel and downvoted and didn't read your excellent analysis of Ultron'a motives and aims. 




 Were it the late 80s we would have turned on Spielberg, but instead hindsight has caused Jurrasic Park to be the top of this thread.

*I love Spielberg. 




 If not, do you think it has the potential to be somewhere down the line? 









 Where in the thread say it defines cinema? I was under the impression we were just listing scenes we really, really enjoyed. Frankly, that is an excellent choice and is one of the best scenes in modern action movies (which makes up a good chunk of modern cinema). 




 Has the anti-Marvel circlejerk gotten so bad, we're downvoting a guy for expressing the fact he liked a scene in the Avengers? Really? 




 You can't even call it House of M as it's named for Magneto. 




 Watching him is the most akward, uncomfortable and weirdest thing. I love it. 




 The Dark Knight. 




 Toy Story 3. 




 Eric is just a dick. There's nothing heroic about him, he's just a dick.

I'd actually be quite interested to see an Aronofsky-esque take on Hank Pym; watching his obsession with science destroy the relationships around him would be awfully thrilling. 




 What are you on about? The serial-adultering, wife-beating, murder-bot creating, mad scientist isn't a good person?

No? How about a compelling character then? I read an interesting post from a while back saying that what makes Hank interesting is how much he means well, yet still constantly does bad things and this is because he is inherently a bad person, but he doesn't want to be. 




 Movie is Kung Fury BTW 




 Have fun. Despite a few bum movies here and there, you're set on a real adventure.  




 My favourite podcast for comic book movies is The Weekly Planet. 




 Sorry, I'm a bit confused; what led you to conclude it wasn't a comedy? 




 Is All-New Captian America any good? 




 I loving Astonishing X-Men's Cyclops outfit. 




 Hard to explain; just read Alias. 




 It was filmed here. 




 If we're counting 2001, can I count Star Wars? 




 I'm glad they're trying to get more girls interested in science and maths, but I wish they had said "inspire other people" instead of "inspire other girls" as I don't think there are nearly enough female role models that boys look up to and I think there should be more.  




 I've always accepted it as a very subtle commentary on politics and comic books that Bendis decided the most powerful people in the 616 are all moderately wealthy, white men. Pointing that out diminishes it's impact.  




 Stuff like this makes Mark Waid one of my favourite writers   




 I have a lot of things to complain about. Price, crossovers, restricting creators to a house art style, the New 52 keeping parts of the old continuity without being clear what. I just can't be bothered to phrase it politely.  




 Several times. 




 See also: Marvel Studios and Christopher Nolan 




 There's only a  5 year difference for Arrow, in Dexter it was about 18. 




 Another TV example, but putting 30-something Michael C Hall in a bowl cut wig does not make him look 16. 
























  Too stupid... Too pretentious.

Ignoring how oxymoronic that statement is, what did you think was pretentious about Death Proof? You made some great points about the characters and the dialogue, but I'd like to hear more about this.

I love Death Proof, but it is - by far - his weakest film he directed, but it's way better than Planet Terror. 




 I don't think it's underrated, just forgotten. 




 Everything Henry Jackman has done. Captain America: The Winter Soldier was dismissed by critics as just copying the music from the first one which is so inaccurate it hurts. He made the bar fight in Kingsman even cooler and made the emotional beats of Big Hero 6 really land.

[This is my favourite song of his](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgU1HzqtX-E), but if people are looking for something to listen to whilst revising or showering or whatever, definitely go over the Winter Soldier soundtrack. 




 I knew which song it was before I clicked on the link. It's a truly excellent song. 




 I'll PM you. 




 Something... Something... Fire gasoline...

Why's Bowie saying Gasoline anyway? He would call it petrol. 




 Absolutely. Well, just not on Earth. I'm down with the other realms.

It's kind of a shame as my two favourite Thor runs are Aaron's and JMS' 




 Sarah Jessica Parker as Beta Ray Bill 




 This should give you a pretty good understanding of the entirety of the MCU. You'll need to Google some of the reading orders.

* Dr Strange - The Oath
* Captain Marvel - Brian Reed's run
* Thor - Ragnarok, JMS' run or Godbomb
* Blanther - Christopher Priest's run or Secret Invasion tie-in
* Guardians of the Galaxy 2 - [This epic saga](http://i.imgur.com/FUM3v.jpg)
* Infinity War - Infinity Gauntlet
* Captain America - Brubaker's run on Captain America and, for the love of Thanos, don't read Civil War
* Inhumans - Paul Jenkin's run
* Jessica Jones - Alias
* Iron Fist - The Immortal Iron Fist
* Luke Cage - Bendis' New Avengers
* Punisher - Greg Rucka's Run
* Ant-Man - The current run was only commissioned so they'd have a trade for the new movie, they're just lucky it was really good. Different Ant-Man, but I really enjoyed The Irredeemable Ant-Man.
* Daredevil - Frank Miller's Run (including Born Again and The Man Without Fear), Daredevil: Yellow, Battlin' Jack Murdock or Bendis'/Brubaker's runs.
* Iron Man - Demon in a Bottle, Armour Wars, Doom Quest, Fraction's run, Extremis
* Hulk - Planet Hulk, Hulk: Gray or Hulk: The End
* Shield - Hickman's or Waid's run
* Hawkeye - Fraction's run, Lemire's run or McCann's trilogy
* Black Widow - Brubaker's Winter Soldier
* Avengers - The Ultimates I   II, Busiek's run, [Bendis' run](http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m815zi24Ga1rpok63o1_1280.jpg) and Hickman's run

Get yourself Marvel Unlimited as well as it's the only possible way you could digest all of this.

Edit: I forgot Spider-Man - Ultimate Spider-Man, JMS's The Amazing Spider-Man, Spider-Man: Blue and Kraven's Last Hunt (which the third TASM movie was going to be based on). 




 I must add though, JMS' Spider-Man is the definitive 616 run for me. 




 Spider-Man's is the only one I really like. I'm not really a fan of Rogue's Galleries, I prefer a couple great recurring villains and one-offs.

Edit: I forgot The Flash's. That's the definitive set of rogues for me. 




 Is Walt really a psycho? Fucked up sure, but I'm not 100% on a psycho. 




 Lord of the Rings - please don't downvote me as /r/movies always does. If you'd care to hear why ask and I'll PM because I'm fed up of receiving abuse for not liking three movies. Same for Jurassic Park and Jaws. 




 Ehh. I find he goes too over the top and the frame is too hectic it's unclear what's going on and that bugs me. Also the editing is typically too fast too see much. 




 thanks.  




 One? I think you mean five. 




 You've made me reconsider and you're right on all accounts, but your point about Bucky is null.

Bucky was brought back with the intention of becoming Cap and had 30-odd issues of development before becoming Cap and was a more nuanced and clever character than Captain African-American who was ill-thought out. 




 It is somewhat for Doom, but it is exactly the kind of thing Magneto would get upset over (pre-Morrison). Doom crying is more of a symbol than anything else. 




 I love the Falcon. As a POC, Falcon really meant a lot to me. Since becoming Cap he's been boring and two-dimensional outside of his own book and his own book is only average. Captain African-American is an insult towards the creators and editors who thought this was a good idea, not Sam Wilson, a character I miss dearly. 




 Read it before you judge it. It's an excellent story that doesn't exploit or pander anything. It is surprisingly politically neutral and very poignant. The point of is that nothing really matters in the wake of a tragedy like this.

Also I think a creator trying to pay his respects should be admired not accused of pandering. 




  I'm not sure if they ever faced off in a one to one capacity.

Does the first arc of New Avengers count? 




 Demon in a Bottle and The Runaways 




 So like Warren Ellis' interpretation. 




 That's cool - I respect that and easily see why. He's just not for me. 




 And New Jurassic Park. 




 I actually really like it. I find it charming and Spielbergian. If it had Spielberg's name on it and it was made 25 years ago, it'd be a classic. 




 Can You Dig It? is the song's name and it is awesome. 




 So I take it you're a big fan of The Incredible Hulk, Iron Man 2, The First Avenger and the Thor films? 




 He's always sucked. Snow and Heart of Ice are Two good stories with him in. Anything featuring Mr Freeze out of the 90s has been pretty poor. 




 He's a pretty good villain, but I can't think of any of his stories I enjoyed him as the primary villain. 




 Recommendations? Oh boy. I just went through my collection for this. Bold = As essential as anything else up there.

* **The Cult**
* Snow
* **Gothic**
* **Venom**
* Dini's Run
* **Strange Apparitions**
* **The Mad Monk**
* **Tower of Babel**
* Made of Wood
* Shaman
* Gotham County Line
* Turning Points
* Haunted Knight
* **Faces**
* **The Monster Men**
* Untold Legend of the Batman
* **Under the Red Hood (watch the movie, it's better)**
* Ed Brubaker's Catwoman
* Trial of the Catwoman
* Dixon's Robin
* **The Joker's 5-Way Revenge**
* Ego
* **Mad Love**
* The Last Arkham
* Penguin: Pride and Prejudice
* The Eye of the Beholder
* Prey
* Batgirl (with Stephanie Brown)
* Red Robin
* Gates of Gotham
* **The Black Mirror**
* Rucka's Batwoman run

New 52

* Batwoman
* **Batman**
* **Batman and Robin**
* Detective Comics (from #30)
* Catwoman (from #35)
* Grayson
* Batgirl
* **Batman Incorporated**

Elseworlds

* **Joker**
* **Earth One**
* Noel
* Gotham by Gaslight
* **Year 100**
* **Red Rain**
* Black and White
* Thrillkiller
* Nine Lives 




 Oddly, Bay does these the best. I can't stand much of what he does, but these I love. 




 Lex is the only one there I really like. I've always considered Darkseid a Justice League villain and always thought of him as a force of nature and he isn't particularly compelling. His Marvel imitator is much more layered and complex. Brainiac doesn't really work for me - not sure why, but he's never clicked well with me. Doomsday is the epitome of 90s excess had he not killed the bastard he's be quickly forgotten about like Spawn, Nate Summers and the Savage Dragon. He's the worst kind of Superman villain - the one who Supes just has to punch into submission.

Edit: I still love some of Supes' other villains like Zod or Bizzarro. 




 Superman and Batman.

All of the best Superman stories are about exploring the idea of Superman and what he truly means to people and only three of his villains really help show that - Luthor for obvious reasons and Zod and Bizzarro as their perverted takes on Supes.  Anytime a story just involves him punching stuff I get really bored.

Batman has some colourful villains, but most of them should have been left in the silver age. The Penguin is a crappy substite for an actual mobster like Falcone. I find Poison Ivy kind of boring and gimmicky and - once you get past his back story - I feel the same way about Mr Freeze. Catwoman is poorly written more often than not, which is a shame because in the right hands she's really interesting. Bane had an excellent first appearance, but has fet a bit pointless in the last twenty years and I can't think of another great story with Bane as a villain. Ra's Al Ghul is kind of a nice look at an alternative to Batman, but it feels like no writer has known what to do with him since the 80s. Man-Bat is just an excuse for a cool action sequence or two (see: Grant Morrison deciding that Man-Bats made for suitable grunts for the League of Assassins). I can't think of a single Ventriloquist story I like. Same goes for Killer Croc, but I did love Earth One's take on him.

The funny thing is, most of this characters have faired really well in adaptions (particularly in the cartoons). Mr Freeze earnt Dini and Timm a very well-deserved emmy.

The greatest Batman villains are one-offs, James Gordon Jr, Deacon Blackfire, The Court of Owls, Nobody, The Black Glove and Mr Whisper are my favourites.

Like Superman, Batman has three truly great villains, the Joker, Two-Face and the Riddler. I love a good Joker story, but currently I'm so sick of the character. Well over a quarter of Snyder's run has featured him and I'm just kind of fed up of reading about him. Two-Face doesn't really work that well as an enemy of Batman, but he works because he's such a compelling character. Half a Life, The Long Halloween, The Big Burn, Robin: Year One and A Lonely Place of Dying are all fantastic stories that really dig deep into what makes him tick and I find that fascinating and very entertaining. I used to kind of dislike the Riddler, but after Zero Year and Earth One he's in my good books. 




 Both great stories, but I can't think of a single Mysterio Spider-Man story I enjoyed. 




 Love the costume BTW.

You just need to ask two questions - is it important to Grant Morrison's Run or is it a defining moment for one of the Robins or Barbara Gordon? If yes, the important element is in continuity, but nothing else is.

May I ask what you read? 




 Does Batman count?

He's nowhere near the smartest, but I think Dexter is a pretty clever cookie. In the first four seasons he weaved out of so many problems so brilliant, only to be let down by his conscience. 




 I say good time travel movies, you immediately think of X. 









 Same boat: I'm trying to read through the canon of great graphic novels and read a tonne of classic Batman stories whilst also trying to catch-up on the X-Men (6 years behind) and Avengers (4 years behind) on Marvel Unlimited. Then I get distracted as Image release a new TPB for some charming new series and Comixology's recent sales have resulted in myself purchasing 38 issues of Hitman and Steam is having a sale and I want to play the new games I'm getting and complete my old ones. Then I have TV series and Films. 

Oh, and homework, but that's not important. 









 Should try and keep reading Ultimate Spider-Man, Bendis has done some of his best work on Miles. 




 Is this a Matt Fraction issue? 




 Being explicit is one of my big pet peeves. I love subtlety. There are points where being explicit kills shows like the Walking Dead or the movies of Christopher Nolan - things that I'd otherwise enjoy a lot. 




 I imagine a little bit of things like that will leak through, but they'll skip most of his origins like Daredevil. 




 I understand. No one take offence - he's not calling you disrespectful - it's just that a lot of people worked hard to make a movie and by sitting through the credits you're acknowledging the hard work everybody did. 




 How about the Sentry? The complicated backstory and identity issues make him quite interesting IMO (although, not nearly as interesting as Superman). 




 I imagine it'll be like Daredevil. It starts crazy grounded then the fantasy elements start leaking through in the second half. Season Two will probably drive straight into the mysticism. 




 The thing that truly surprised me about Season Two is how complicated the relationships between all the factions are. You've got Shield, Hydra, Real Shield, Ward, Cal and the Inhumans and there was lots of weaving and character moving in and out of each group.

It was like this; it was super easy to follow and I didn't really realise how well balanced it all was until I stopped and thought about it. L 




 RemindMe! 1 Day 




 Scarface 




 Really? I enjoyed the film, but it felt like the exact thing the novel was mocking. 




 I don't now whether many people like Agents of Shield on this sub, but I feel that having 22 episodes helped the plotting quite a bit. They divided the series into three distinct chunks - Search for the City, Skye Dealing with Power/Real Shield and the Inhumans - this meant there was room for some pretty complex plot webs and character work. People who were previously kinda boring became interesting thanks to having episodes dedicated to expanding on their character (looking at you Ward). The cast is also too big to deal with the 15-odd characters in 13 episodes. Coulson, Fitz-Simmons, Skye, Ward, Mack, Hunter, Mockingbird and May all got pretty decent arcs in Season Two and most of them would've been forgotten about if there was a 13 episode season. 

Managing to tell three stories actually makes it similar to three four-issue comic book arcs which I guess is quite faithful to modern comics where everything is quite decompressed and it takes a while for things to pay off. This is kind of the opposite of the Flash which had a Silver-Age meets Claremont  plotting; one wacky conflict every week with some soapy elements and foreshadowing future episodes. Agents of Shield tried this in Season One and it didn't really work, but come Season Two's more serialised plotting, it was a vastly improved show (helped that they got some decent directors and fight choreographers too). 




 The Flash was pretty decent for 23 episodes, but if they tried to tell a more serialised story in the first fifteen episodes, it would have completely broken down and would have needed a reduced episode count. 




 Succeeded in Punisher MAX. 




 Days of Future Asst 




 I really like it - if it is a bit derivative of Green Lantern (which Nova is anyway) - but I think I'd prefer him brutal and war-hardened than some kind of Space Indiana Jones as we already have one of those. 




 Jim Lee bore this with a sort of humble patience 




 I love Invincible, but I've found it's lost a lot of momentum for me recently. It's a shame because everything up to the Viltrimite War is great. 




 CG isn't as big a problem for Robbie Reyes, so if they went down that route - which I'd quite like - Netflix could handle him. A redesign would be pretty simple as well - you can just tone down the fire.

I don't want a Netflix Ghost Rider series though - I want all of the Netflix series to stay relatively grounded for a while. If they do a phase with Moon Knight, Blade and such, then they can have Ghost Rider. 




 Wait! Other people have read Tech Jacket? I fucking love Tech Jacket! 




  Miles Morales and Kamala Khan. At least not yet.
 

Damn right. These are two of my favourite Marvel characters at the moment - or at least two of my favourite Marvel book, Miles is a bit bland - but a lot of what makes them great is how they've both slotted into their uniquely well-established worlds.

Although, more diversity is always a good thing, you can't force them, otherwise you end up with Fem-Thor and Captain African-American who have both been flops in my opinion (which is a shame as I love both Aaron and Remender). 




 Is it any good? 




 Not just good, those were excellent. It's in my Top 5 Ultimate Spider-Man arcs. 




 Unless it's, you know, Microchip or even himself. 




  Greg Rucka, Tim Seeley, Gail Simone, Jason Aaron, Matt Fraction, Brenden Fletcher, John Layman, and even Brian Michael Bendis 

I love most of these writers, but you listed 7 white guys and one white girl. While I admit, they all do an excellent job of writing people who aren't white males - although I can't think of many great female Aaron characters, hopefully Southern Bastards will change that - I wish there were more minorities working in comics.

This isn't really a response to you, honestly, more I'm just not that fond of the way the industry has shaped up. I can only name a few creators that are racial minorities or female and I feel the same way about film. I don't know whether I can blame DC or Marvel for that, but I'd like to see more. 




 Ultimate Comics: Spider-Man, Spider-Men and Miles Morales: Ultimate Spider-Man 




 So you've read one volume of Ultimate Spider-Man? Why not try the rest of it? 




 Did you read all of the Miles Morales stuff? 




 I didn't like this arc, I thought it was a bit of a let down after the excellent Jim Starlin. 




 That may be a while. Right now, it looks like it may go on forever. 




 It might be that the writer spent years constructing the first season and only one on the second. 




 I dunno, he must watch a lot of crap. 









 John Oliver 




 This is probably the weakest of the three. The banter wasn't very entertaining, the action lacked impact, the animation had no weight, Trevor reminded me of a Cable-esque 90s hero and their relationship was kind of cheesy.  









 That's reserved for the Hawkeye/Daredevil miniseries. 




 It's like DC's Ultimate Universe. It modernises and redefines popular characters.  




 shh! They're onto me. 




 I love it. 




 Agreed, but I think those parts were there as a service to the actor.  




 Could you please post the next page? 




 Will the wait for vol. 3 be as long as it was for vol 2.? Johns left some interesting ideas open and I'm dying for them to be explored.

Are DC planning on expanding their Earth One universe further? I love the idea of lots of graphic novels being released each year.

Are the other Earth One books worth reading?

And most importantly, what does /r/DCcomics think of Batman: Earth One and it's alternate takes on characters? 




 Fuck the bastard that stole it.

Edit: Sorry this isn't very helpful or constructive, it's just how I feel about arseholes who pull shit like this. 




 The visuals in The Raid 2 are very good. There's a really gritty sense of style to all of the action scenes. The choice of colours in the production design and lighting also helped make the talkier moments much more enthralling. 




 Pretty much, yeah. 




 So whoever is posted first gets an almost guaranteed place? L 




 Is there a  particular franchise you've wanted to score for? 




 Francis Manapul and Jeff Lemire. 




 Miles Teller, Nicolas Hoult, Idris Elba are all big ones I agree with. 

I'd like to throw in Kate Mara and Iko Uwais. 




 For a second I was all like, "Frank Grillo? I fuckin' love that guy." Then I read Taylor Kitsch. 




 Oh dear lord. This will be shite. 




 You're going to be so disappointed; the director of The Expendables. 




 Funny how you compare an Alan Moore movie to a movie inspired by the works of Frank Miller. 




 The Killing Joke is too short. It'd only inform half an hour of a movie. 




 The Raid is one of my absolute favourite franchises. I can't wait until the US remake butchers everything I love about it.  




 Just like 80% of Grant Morrison's run... 




 Because it's an unpopular opinion that could be viewed as contrarian, especially considering I didn't really give any reasons why I didn't like it. It's equivalent to defending Marvel Movies or saying you don't like Lord of the Rings. 




 Does anyone know if the comic is as good? 




 Angel Savadore and Beak's weird, deformed babies. 




 That's what I get for being too dependent on my phone's spell check. 




 I watched Jurassic Park for the first time last night and I must say I was underwhelmed. 




 Fast 5. When they decided they were turning too many people off with the car talk and decided to focus on action.  




 Punisher/Doctor Strange 




 Bendis' White Tiger - the ex-FBI lady who gets hold of her uncle's amulet. 




 Michael Cudlitz and Marc Warren. 




 I'm not sure Shakespeare shared Morrison's love for the silver age, but I can see that. 




 I don't want to turn this into a "how bad was Civil War" thread, but how fucking bad was Civil War.

[I actually wrote a review of it.](http://thelatestpull.com/2015/02/marvel-monday-civil-war/) 




 There were some decent tie-ins (I particularly liked Front Line and New Avengers) but reading it all was killing me. 




 I can't imagine 616 Cap doing that. Civil War isn't exactly Millar's best work. 




 I really hope not. Doomsday is the epitome of 90s OTT comic trash. In the comics he was severely underwritten and most of his appreciation comes from the design - like a lot of 90s comic characters (Venom, Lobo, Savage Dragon, Spawn). Some characters - like Cable and Bane - have redeemed themselves in later stories, but Doomsday really isn't one of them. 




 I don't think Lex will be a villain at all. I'm imagining a motally bankrupt antihero. 




 Come September, the only founding Avenger still around in their original persona will be Iron Man. Being a founding Avenger is not as a big a deal as people make it out to be. 




 Y: The Last Man movie or a Batman: The Black Mirror movie, but starring Dick as Nightwing, not Batman. 




 I'd love to see Spider-Man as a mockumentry made by MJ. 
























 "Ruining cinema" is never valid. 




 Apart from Jurassic World (and maybe Pacific Rim), you'll appreciate all of the films you just listed a lot more by paying attention as they're all quite rewarding, well thought out and one or are open to complex analysis (The Raid 2, Mad Max). 




 You're overanalysing. No, I'm not, I'm just explaining to you why I don't like this movie. 




 
* High Noon
* The Good, The Bad and the Ugly
* The Outlaw Josey Wales
* Unforgiven
* True Grit (remake)
* Django Unchained

I like revisionist Westerns. What can I say? I also like posts in chronological order. 




 East of West 




 For me CinemaSins is different because they shit all over movies they really like and I find that better IMO. 




 Which guide are you using? 




 The real losers were the readers. 




 Spider-Woman, She-Hulk, White Tiger, Moondragon, Quasar, Mantis, Hawkeye and The Runaways are my picks. 




 Die Hard. 




 Cheesy is really stylised dialogue. Bad dialogue is a pretty major compliant as it can ruin immersion and characterisation and sometimes it's not enjoyable to watch. If you're watching an 80s action movie and complaining about one-liners being bad dialogue, then that's not a legitimate complaint as it's a stylistic choice. 




 It's annoying because films are an audio/visual medium. Style is substance. 




 It's as valid as saying Spielberg or Marvel are ruining cinema. 




 Storywise, I think there are more interesting interpretations, but in storytelling method (visuals in the instance) there is none better. 




 They're funny when you agree with them. If you don't it feels like their either shitting all over a film or unjustly praising it.  




 Dimestore philosophy.

A) this is normally applied to blockbusters so give thwm the benefit of the doubt
B) the philosophy shouldn't be judged on its complexity, rather how well in keeping with the themes of the film it was
C) there are always going to be people who find it interesting if you don't. Maybe it'll inspire them to look into some of the deeper stuff. 




 His son is Spider-Man + edge. 




 Why? 




 The aim of the deck is to gift the enemy as much health as possible and use Hope for Escape to draw as many cards as possible in the hopes of drawing Exodia. I'd appreciate 

Monsters [18]

* Battle Fader x2 - Protection
* Emissary of the Afterlife x3 - Search for Pieces of the Forbidden One
* Exodia the Forbidden Life x1 - Win condition
* Kuribon x3 - Increase opponent health
* Kuriphoton x2 - Protection and health decrease for Hope for Escape
* Left Arm of the Forbidden One x1 - Win condition
* Left Leg of the Forbidden One x1 - Win condition
* Mask of Darkness x2 - Return Hope for Escape, Gift Card or Dark Cure
* Right Arm of the Forbidden One x1 - Win condition
* Right Leg of the Forbidden One x1 - Win condition
* Swift Scarecrow - Protection

Spells [8]

* Different Dimension Capsule x2 - Search for Hope for Escape, Gift Card or Dark Cure
* Mystical Space Typhoon - Counter to Royal Decree
* One Day of Peace - Protection and drawing
* Pot of Duality - Drawing
* Upstart Goblin x3 - Opponent health increase and drawing

Trap [14]

* Call of the Haunted - Special Summon Kuribon to have two of them
* Dark Cure x2 - Opponent health increase
* Defense Draw - Protection and drawing
* Gift Card x3 - Opponent health increase
* Hope for Escape x3 - Drawing Forbidden One cards
* Reckless Greed - Drawing
* Solemn Warning - Decreasing my health and easily removes monsters
* Wall of Revealing Light - Protection and can decrease my health so that I can draw more cards with Hope for Escape 




 I think Bendis is just speaking from the experiences of his multiracial children, but isn't aware it doesn't matter too much to everybody. To me, it makes a big difference - I always notice when a film is all white people and it takes me out of it. 




 The Dark Knight Returns 




 It builds to the action really well. Like it takes forever to get to, but when you get there, it feels more than worth it. 




 95% artistic control. If a writer/artist wants to do something really stupid their editors will try and stop them and also the editors advise quite a bit. 




 Probably because a large chunk of DC heroes are actual Gods. 




 Resurrection. :'( 




 Oh absolutely. Video games are much more *capable* then movies, yet aside from blockbuster games, most games lack a decent storyteller on board and don't utilise the medium full potential. 

Honestly, movies are the third most capable medium after video games and comic books. 









 With early Spielberg films, they're completely dependent on whether or not you accept that sense of awe. If you don't feel that, you're not going to enjoy the movie. Yhat's how I feel about Jaws and Jurassic Park. 




 Thank God, there are two of us. I thought I was alone in this sea of downvotes, but now I've found a companion. Gee, how shitty are the Lord of the Rings films? 




 I don't like Lord of the Rings. I actually think they're abysmal.  




 Yet most video games fail to use the medium to its strengths to tell stories. 




 Batgirl: Year One? Batman is only in about 20% of it, but their shared screentime is a highlight. I've enjoyed all of Batgirl's fleeting appearances in Tomasi and Gleason's Batman and Robin. Volume 4 and 6 mainly. 




 It implies Wolverine tried to have sex with her, but he didn't because MJ said no. The guy is an absolute scumbag and probably a rapist (seeing as he was created by Mark Millar), but he didn't rape MJ. 




 No Black Widow? 




 [Here's some good Batman](https://www.reddit.com/r/DCcomics/comments/39sz97/i_just_spent_the_past_few_months_reading_a_lot_of/cs6fbwk) 




 I'm not to fond of her wearing the Jewel outfit. Almost all fansites have pictures of Her in that outfit and I think it's a complete misrepresentation of her character. 




 I don't recall Daryl saying anything racist. I thought people just assumed because his brother did. 




 Season Seven was decent. 




 Isn't there an animated film? 




 Maybe he thought it was less controversial then telling the truth - he isn't a fan of Chris Pratt. 




 Made by someone who understood the novel. 




 That completely makes sense. Characters change over time. None of the Friends were as two-dimensional as they were in Season 1 in Season 6. But, take the Simpsons, the characters slowly improved over the first decade or so, but then they devolved into stupid charictures of themselves and worst of all, it wasn't as entertaining. 

That's how I feel about Community, except by Season 6 and it has retained the same writers. Yes, these characters are expected to grow and change, but I think the way they've grown is pure shit. 




 And I don't like Lord of the Rings. [There isn't a place for us here.](https://38.media.tumblr.com/548808390d76dd057811cc2d9f3f8942/tumblr_nc6y8lJXWF1tkl30lo8_500.gif) 




 This may be the worst place to discuss this, but I'm watching Season 6 and it's really pissing me off. At the start Britta seemed kind of clever and likable, but slowly devolves into a dumb, pot-smoking, hippie. Then she switches back and forth every other episode. Abed used to be the cute kid with Asperger's, but by Season 3, he is just a vehicle for meta-jokes and an excuse to cannibalise other shows. Pierce started off really funny, but by the end his racism was no longer endearing and just cringe-worth (probably collateral damage from Season 4 though). Chang is just an excuse for a few one-liners here and there. Frankie-as-Yahoo was interesting for one mediocre episode, but it left her very bland later on in the season. More often then not, the show is too Jeff-centric to give the other characters anything meaningful to do in the A-Plot and I'm still not sure where I stand on his daddy-issues, narcissism, Jeff's need for his friends and his leadership skills. All of those things seem contradictory to me.

What's worse is Harmon seems to be aware of all of this and not give a damn. His self-aware brand of humour is consistently pointing out his awareness for these things and he doesn't do a damn thing to change it. It's worse when Harmon is just using characters as mouthpieces for things he doesn't like (Avengers, The Sting, Big Budget movies). It isn't subtle and the characters all suffer for it. I find the fact he only every does this to critise stuff really disheartening as well. Personally, I think it's kind of nihilistic how he never praises films through this. Sure, occasionally you'll get a Die Hard homage or what-have-you, but it feels more like a passing reference and more of a directorial decision.

The AV Club's review of Advanced Safety Features inadvertently highlights why this is such a problem for me.
I certainly wouldnt call Features one of the best episodes of Community, but its the first one of the season to completely reveal the shows core of sadness and sentimentality. Without that core, Community would be an alienating, smarter-than-thou, up-its-own-ass single-camera sitcom, and the world needs another one of those like it needs another Madea movie. 

For me, this sentiment all is sourced from the characters, but I feel the show is lacking it because it's characters suck and as a result it is an alienating, smarter-than-thou, up-its-own-ass single-camera sitcom.

So, anyone up for Madea? Madea? Madea? Madea? 




 I have a few puppets in my garage. Want me to put on a show? 




 Super. 




 Fast and Furious and Mission Impossible. They're both big, tense action movies where the characters do physics defying stunts and banter among themselves. I feel Mission Impossible would also focus on highlighting the tight friendship of the group like The Fast and The Furious demonstrates. You could probably throw in The Avengers as well.  




 Funny you say that as all of the comics he's written have been pretty shitty. 




 What matters is that it was a good real. 




 Comics are an art form. Art - not all, but some - should be able to contribute to discussion and provoke thoughts. 




 Marvel Unlimited. It's cheap, accessible and has such a wide range. 




 Is Pak's run good? I wanna pick it up. 




 The writing still has a little ways to go. I wish they would stop spelling everything out for us. Once they start doing that, it'll be a prestige drama.

My favourite example.
They open the boot of a car to find a walker with her legs and arms bound together. Maggie looks into the boot and begins contemplating what it means in silence. Carol comes over and says "She was trapped..."

That's fine and is still kind of subtle, but Carol's next line kills me.
"Like us."

However there is a lot of ambiguous symbolism in the show nowadays, certain in the episodes directed by Greg Nictero (easily the show's best director).

I think Daredevil will be prestige television come next season as the worst episodes were written by Steven DeKnight - which was a shame as I really like the man - and now he's left the show should improve. DeKnight did the same thing as The Walking Dead writers where he'd explain the hidden meanings behind everything and it bugged me. Also he directed the last episode which had some of the worst action in the series. It turned really superhero-y with a dependence on cinematic music and larger than life fight moves. It wasn't interesting to watch and wasn't helped by all of the jump cuts. Now that he's out of the picture, Daredevil will certainly be prestige drama.

I don't now whether many people like Agents of Shield on this sub, but I feel that having 22 episodes helped the plotting quite a bit. They divided the series into three distinct chunks - Search for the City, Skye Dealing with Power/Real Shield and the Inhumans - this meant there was room for some pretty complex plot webs and character work. People who were previously kinda boring became interesting thanks to having episodes dedicated to expanding on their character (looking at you Ward). The cast is also too big to deal with the 15-odd characters in 13 episodes. Coulson, Fitz-Simmons, Skye, Ward, Mack, Hunter, Mockingbird and May all got pretty decent arcs in Season Two and most of them would've been forgotten about if there was a 13 episode season.

Managing to tell three stories actually makes it similar to three four-issue comic book arcs which I guess is quite faithful to modern comics where everything is quite decompressed and it takes a while for things to pay off. This is kind of the opposite of the Flash which had a Silver-Age meets Claremont plotting; one wacky conflict every week with some soapy elements and foreshadowing future episodes. Agents of Shield tried this in Season One and it didn't really work, but come Season Two's more serialised plotting, it was a vastly improved show (helped that they got some decent directors and fight choreographers too). Also, [the dialogue is superb and constantly funny](http://imgur.com/a/VhB00). The last episode provided my [new favourite line in the MCU.](http://i.imgur.com/H6wz2Qq.gif)

Because of all of this really interesting character work and really complex plotting, I could make the case that would be prestige television with a few revisions. Namely the direction and the action. The directors need to get the actors to do more physically. They spend too much of the episode standing still with their arms crossed. They really need to be more active to present a similar energy to the rest of the MCU. The colouring is far too bland and reminds me too much of a crappy 90s Batman. I'd love to see much more colour on the show. Light blues and greens would really work in my opinion. Lastly, the action needs a lot of work. The slow-mo in the finale was timed dreadfully and had no weight to it. There are a few really great action moments - [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hReYNlIoIWE) and Face My Enemy come to mind, but often it's not really clear what's going on or Clark Gregg feels too much like a middle-aged guy playing pretend. I'd love to actually see Coulson get tired after a fight or get really out of breath. If this can be achieved, I think it'll be in the same league. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/Marvel/comments/39vj3m/comics_to_read_before_upcoming_marvel_movies/cs6wbec 




 Personally, I'd recommend getting [Marvel Unlimited](https://marvel.com/comics/unlimited/home? options%5Boffset%5D=0 totalcount=12) to read it all digitally as it's cheaper and more easily accessible, but if you don't have a device for it or have an aversion to reading digitally, I've added Amazon links.

Origins:

* The Man Without Fear - [Amazon Link](http://www.amazon.com/Daredevil-Without-Fear-Frank-Miller/dp/0785134794/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1434650786 sr=8-1 keywords=the+man+without+fear)
* Battlin' Jack Murdock - [Amazon Link](http://www.amazon.com/Daredevil-Battlin-Murdock-Zeb-Wells/dp/0785125345/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1434650771 sr=8-1 keywords=battlin+jack+murdock)
* Yellow - [Amazon Link](http://www.amazon.com/DAREDEVIL-YELLOW-Jeph-Loeb/dp/0785109692/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1434650763 sr=8-1 keywords=daredevil+yellow pebp=1434650761181 perid=18Q5H6VS5KG1JJ36S2TZ)

Frank Miller's Reinvention Era

* Frank Miller and Klaus Janson's Run (Issues #168-191) - [Volume #2](http://www.amazon.com/DAREDEVIL-FRANK-MILLER-KLAUS-JANSON/dp/0785134743/ref=pd_bxgy_14_text_y) and [Volume #3](http://www.amazon.com/DAREDEVIL-FRANK-MILLER-KLAUS-JANSON/dp/0785134751/ref=pd_bxgy_14_text_z) (Miller doesn't write the first volume and it isn't that great, but does have a cool Hulk fight)
* Love and War - [Amazon Link](http://www.amazon.com/Daredevil-Love-Marvel-Graphic-Novel/dp/0871351722/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1434652190 sr=8-1 keywords=love+and+war+daredevil)
* Born Again (Issues #226-233) - [Amazon Link](http://www.amazon.com/Daredevil-Born-Again-Frank-Miller/dp/0785134816/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8 qid=1434650786 sr=8-3 keywords=the+man+without+fear)
* The Death of Jean DeWolff - [Amazon Link](http://www.amazon.co.uk/Spider-Man-Death-Jean-DeWolff-Marvel/dp/0785167145)

Marvel Knights Era

* Guardian Devil (#1-8) - [Amazon Link](http://www.amazon.com/Daredevil-Guardian-Devil-Kevin-Smith/dp/078514143X/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1434651229 sr=8-1 keywords=GUardian+devil)
* David Mack's Daredevil/Echo (#9-15, #51-55) - [Volume 1](http://www.amazon.com/Daredevil-Echo-Parts-David-Mack/dp/0785142878/ref=sr_1_41?ie=UTF8 qid=1434651258 sr=8-41 keywords=david+mack) and [Volume 2](http://www.amazon.com/Daredevil-Echo-Vision-David-Mack/dp/0785145214/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1434651290 sr=8-1 keywords=david+mack+echo)
* Bendis' Run (#16-19, 26-50, 56-81) - [Volume 1](http://www.amazon.com/Daredevil-Michael-Bendis-Ultimate-Collection/dp/0785143882/ref=sr_1_33?ie=UTF8 qid=1434651258 sr=8-33 keywords=david+mack), [Volume 2](http://www.amazon.com/Daredevil-Michael-Bendis-Ultimate-Collection/dp/0785149503/ref=pd_bxgy_14_text_y) and [Volume 3](http://www.amazon.com/Daredevil-Michael-Bendis-Ultimate-Collection/dp/0785149511/ref=pd_bxgy_14_text_z)
* Redemption - [Amazon Link](http://www.amazon.com/Daredevil-Redemption-David-Hine/dp/0785115668/ref=pd_sim_14_3?ie=UTF8 refRID=1YAH5ZB7HCX1Z1X0BA0G)
* Brubaker's Run (#82-119, 500) - [Volume 1](http://www.amazon.com/Daredevil-Brubaker-Michael-Ultimate-Collection/dp/0785163344/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1434652629 sr=8-1 keywords=brubaker+daredevil pebp=1434652626975 perid=0XRV066A28NSFRKZZEZR), [Volume 2](http://www.amazon.com/Daredevil-Brubaker-Michael-Ultimate-Collection/dp/0785163352/ref=pd_bxgy_14_text_y) and [Volume 3](http://www.amazon.com/Daredevil-Brubaker-Michael-Ultimate-Collection/dp/0785163360/ref=pd_bxgy_14_text_z)

Mark Waid's Era

* Volume 3 - [Volume 1](http://www.amazon.com/Daredevil-Mark-Waid-Vol-1/dp/0785168060/ref=pd_sim_14_2?ie=UTF8 refRID=13RPQK3XZXYCYRD0VASV), [Volume 2](http://www.amazon.com/Daredevil-Mark-Waid-Volume-2/dp/0785184791/ref=pd_sim_14_9?ie=UTF8 refRID=010BTV9W3KH750SJ7YNT) and [Volume 3](http://www.amazon.com/Daredevil-Mark-Waid-Volume-3/dp/0785190236/ref=pd_bxgy_14_text_y)
* Volume 4 - [Volume 1](http://www.amazon.com/Daredevil-1-Devil-at-Bay/dp/0785154116/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1434654116 sr=8-1 keywords=daredevil+mark+waid pebp=1434654113750 perid=0MEXWYTM4ZFXSJ3GSYDG), [Volume 2](http://www.amazon.com/Daredevil-West-Case-Scenerio-Mark-Waid/dp/0785154124/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8 qid=1434654116 sr=8-2 keywords=daredevil+mark+waid), [Volume 3](http://www.amazon.com/Daredevil-Vol-The-You-Know/dp/078519228X/ref=pd_sim_14_10?ie=UTF8 refRID=0WJ93Q9PJXSD3D63YGA9) and [Volume 4](http://www.amazon.com/Daredevil-Vol-4-Marvel-Comics/dp/0785198024/ref=pd_sim_14_3?ie=UTF8 refRID=1BRRE9E8EZPTHWNQ95XB)
* Superior Iron Man - [Volume 1](http://www.amazon.com/Superior-Iron-Man-1-Infamous/dp/0785193774/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1434654352 sr=8-1 keywords=superior+iron+man pebp=1434654351685 perid=1KRRESBPJ6CG1FYZ9401) and [Volume 2](http://www.amazon.com/Superior-Iron-Man-Vol-2/dp/0785193782/ref=pd_sim_14_5?ie=UTF8 refRID=0FSXCVGNERVW3WYN3X00) (Daredevil only appears in Volume 1, but it is a good series and worth reading more)

Bonus stories

* Marvel 1602 - [Amazon Link](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0785141340/ref=pd_lpo_sbs_dp_ss_2?pf_rd_p=1944687542 pf_rd_s=lpo-top-stripe-1 pf_rd_t=201 pf_rd_i=078518404X pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER pf_rd_r=0VY1DGVMP2BKF82Y7EJ9)
* Daredevil vs Punisher - [Amazon Link](http://www.amazon.com/Daredevil-vs-Punisher-Means-Ends/dp/0785117458)
* Daredevil Noir - [Amazon Link](http://www.amazon.com/Marvel-Noir-Daredevil-Cage-Iron/dp/078518404X)
* Father - [Amazon Link](http://www.amazon.com/Daredevil-Father-Joe-Quesada/dp/0785119256)
* Cage Match - [Amazon Link](http://www.amazon.com/Daredevil-Cage-Match-Antony-Johnston/dp/B003L81KV6)
* End of Days - [Amazon Link](http://www.amazon.com/Daredevil-Days-Brian-Michael-Bendis/dp/0785143378/ref=sr_1_24?ie=UTF8 qid=1434651247 sr=8-24 keywords=david+mack)
 




 Sent. 




 Would you mind if I gave you some Daredevil recommendations? 




 True and I did love Daredevil. I hope it goes into more of the crazy shit from the comics later. I need Typhoid Mary, Bullseye, Elektra, Stone, White Tiger and the Out storyline all to happen eventually. 




 I'd love for Balder and Bill to show up out of nowhere and everyone act like they've been there the whole time. 




 Free Bird. Right guys? 




 It's important to pay respects to both Greek and Roman interpretations equa- no, this is bullshit. I misspelt it. 




 Iron Lad? As in the guy from the 30th century who discovers he'll become a supervillain and kill his friends if he returns, but the world will be destroyed anyway if he doesn't? That *lame* Iron Lad? 




 Ehh. He's not my tempo. 




 Wait. It's not OK to own black people or castrate gays? Well shit...

Edit: Is it still OK to jail gay people if they've committed a crime? Need to know ASAP. 




 So something like 24: Live Another Day is comparable to another episode of the original series? I think there is a notable enough difference there. 




 Isn't the X-Files a sequel show whereas AD is the same show continued? 




 But the Marvel universe contains men in robot suits on roller skates, a 95 y/o super soldier and mother fucking Heracules. 




 Isn't AD just between seasons? 




 I don't think so. It's still got the highest rating on IMDb and - despite this being a relatively finite number of people - most people I've talked to agree it's the best. 




 The Sandman is pretty much responsible for comics being a medium I can get behind. Vertigo and modern Image can all be traced back to his work. 




 I've read Gotham Central if that helps.  




 The we'd lose Kate Mara who is a very entertaining actress.  




 Did anyone else really enjoy his Deadpool? 




 Surprised this hadn't already been mentioned. For me it's the Ultimate Fallout issue with Peter's funeral. 




 When I hear beautiful movie, I immediately think about movies with great visuals and I love the animated movie 5 Centimetres Per Second. A great series of coming of age stories. 




 They hired Michael B Jordan to play Johnny Storm because that's the actor Josh Trank wanted for the part. They haven't been exploitive in their marketing IMO. Frankly, MBJ is an excellent choice and will really blow people away if they could see past his race. 




 I mean... Shit... We just got Morgan back. 




 Shit. They're introducing Heath from the comics next season. We just fucking got Morgan back. 




 Someone should recheck Arrested Development. 




 Saga. 




 I love this story, but I still don't really et what's sad about it. 




 Don't take away my hope for Vin Diesel ad Black Bolt. 




 Bradley Cooper. 




 Not even The Hoff? 




 I've read it and love it, but nothing there is particularly heart-wrenching. What do you think is? 




 Rucka returning to the Big 2? Star Wars truly is miraculous. 




 Like ten. They have a small department for it. 









 Too old. 




 I'm curious what your friends' problem with Brienne was.  









 When you write a film, do you have a paticular voice actor in mind? 




 Mike Carey's masterpiece turned into a crime procedural... 




 Hannibal - the main character is reinterpreted as such.  




 It's not a great book (The Walking Dead that is), but it's fun, great for beginners and has pretty good female characters. 




 [If you're into Marvel movies, I recently posted a recommendation for someone else about all the upcoming MCU characters.](http://www.reddit.com/r/Marvel/comments/39vj3m/comics_to_read_before_upcoming_marvel_movies/cs6wbec) 




 I'd include Sex Criminals and (maybe) The Walking Dead. 




 I agree, that twist was handled so poorly, but I think that most of those flaws would have been overlooked had it been made in the 80s - on reflection - like I do for most of Spielberg's work. 




 Sugar 




 High Noon 




 No, but it averages at 7s-8s out of ten, and I feel if it was made 20 years prior, it'd be considered a classic. 




 Pierce Brosnan as Old Man Cyclops. I just want to hear Brosnan's beautiful singing voice again. 




 That's because his character was identical to his usual big-screen persona. 




 I don't know how much of a difference it makes, but it is a very CGI heavy film. 




 I don't know how much of a difference it makes, but it is a very CGI heavy film. 




 Now try John Bishop's. 




 Do you have a schematic or a world save? I'd love to check it out. 




 It's high on my list of comics to buy and from what I've seen, it looks very good. 




 There's worse, but the question was worst/uninteresting and I just find them very uninteresting as a big fan of both characters. 




 Captain America: The First Avenger and Super 8. I'm not sure how much more of an impact they'd have, but I think they'd be better received. They are the most Spielbergian films I've seen not directed by him or Robert Zemeckis. 

Also, if the Avengers had been released 3 decades ago, we would have had a myriad of shared universes in the 90s and they probably would have been done so poorly that the concept would have died off in the 00s. 




 If you're into comics, you might want to check [this](http://www.imgur.com/gallery/0cC6o) out. 




 I'm not sure whether we can consider a setting a clich. I love Westerns, but I wouldn't call the American Frontier a clich I love. 




 Other than the fact it is dreadful, it misrepresents almost every character involved. Because of its dreadful characterisation, it will give a really poor representation of characters in the MCU. 




 I don't think people become psychopaths. 




 I know it's really immature, but Rider's name cracks me up every time I read it. 




 Exactly, it's so stupidly inaccurate I can't believe that quite a few critics stated it. 
























 Eden of the East 




 Never remind me of that. That episode depressed me so much it almost ruined my holiday. 




 5 Centimetres Per Second is surprisingly great. I also really like When Harry Met Sally and Lost in Translation. 




 I haven't, but I'll add it to my list and try and watch it soon. 




 It's really good. The animation is beautiful and it's really well written. It's a very powerful metaphor for love and youth. I don't really know what to day other than it's pretty enjoyable even if you don't like anime and one of my personal favourites. 




 * Super 8
* 5 Centimetres Per Second
* Ferris Bueller's Day Off 




 It's not nearly as bad as Punisher. 




 Don't forget James Gunn. 




 Just watched it. I was kind of disappointed. It only spoils stuff that'll be revealed in the first act of the movie. 




 He hasn't met him. He's trolling. The Govenor first appears in episode 3x03, not 3x02. 




 Court of Owls? 




 As long as he writes it. His dialogue is just so money baby. 




 As in Mighty Avengers and The Initive. I read the first four issues of The Initive and didn't really like it, but the reading order I'm following lists it as essential. Is it worth giving it another shot? 




 5 Centimetres Per Second is a beautiful and unique romanitic film.

The Garden of Words is by the same director, but it's not as good.

Lost in Translation is an odd one as there's nothing particularly special about the way it's shot, but it looks beautiful.

Wes Anderson has a keen eye for visuals, I'd recommend The Grand Budapest Hotel, Moonrise Kingdom and Fantastic Mr Fox.

I haven't seen it, but I hear the Assassination of Jesse James is quite pretty.

This is probably not what you're looking for, but the works of Edgar Wright rely on visual humour a lot. The best examples of this are seen in Scott Pilgrim vs The World and The Three Cornettos trilogy.

It's probably in part due to the general atmosphere, but there are some shots in The Good, The Bad and The Ugly that are so hard sketched into my mind.

And finally, the obligatory not a movie comment - Hannibal, Pushing Daises and True Detective. 




 That's actually just from Iron Man. Warren Ellis' excellent Extremis arc.

Also: charge your phone. 




 This should give you a pretty good understanding of the entirety of the MCU. You'll need to Google some of the reading orders.

* Dr Strange - The Oath and New Avengers Annual (2014)
* Captain Marvel - Brian Reed's run
* Thor - Ragnarok, JMS' run or Godbomb
* Blanther - Christopher Priest's run or Secret Invasion tie-in
* Guardians of the Galaxy - [This epic saga](http://i.imgur.com/FUM3v.jpg)
* Captain America - Brubaker's run
* Inhumans - Paul Jenkin's run
* Jessica Jones - Alias
* Iron Fist - The Immortal Iron Fist
* Luke Cage - Bendis' New Avengers
* Punisher - Greg Rucka's Run
* Ant-Man - The current run was only commissioned so they'd have a trade for the new movie, they're just lucky it was really good. Different Ant-Man, but I really enjoyed The Irredeemable Ant-Man.
* Daredevil - Frank Miller's Run (including Born Again and The Man Without Fear), Daredevil: Yellow, Battlin' Jack Murdock, Waid's run or Bendis'/Brubaker's runs. [If you really want more.](http://www.reddit.com/r/gameofthrones/comments/3a7yyp/s5e10_melisandres_prophecy_spoilers/csb0y6e?context=3)
* Iron Man - Demon in a Bottle, Armour Wars, Doom Quest, Fraction's run, Extremis
* Hulk - Planet Hulk, Hulk: Gray or Hulk: The End
* Shield - Hickman's or Waid's run
* Hawkeye - Fraction's run, Lemire's run or McCann's trilogy
* Black Widow - Brubaker's Winter Soldier, Marvel Now series
* Avengers - The Ultimates I   II, Busiek's run, [Bendis' run](http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m815zi24Ga1rpok63o1_1280.jpg) and Hickman's run
* Spider-Man - Ultimate Spider-Man, JMS's The Amazing Spider-Man, Spider-Man: Blue, Spider-Man and the X-Men and Kraven's Last Hunt (which the third TASM movie was going to be based on).
* Deadpool - Deadpool Killology, Night of the Living Deadpool, Cable and Deadpool and Marvel Now run (from #7 onwards)
* X-Men - Claremont's run, New X-Men, Astonishing X-Men, Messiah Trilogy (and maybe Google the books surrounding it, particularly the work of Brubaker, Ellis, Carey, Kyle   Yost, Fraction, Gillen and that Cable series that was going on), Ultimate X-Men (up to #66), God Loves, Man Kills, Schism, Wolverine and the X-Men, Bendis' Run
* Wolverine - Claremont/Miller's Miniseries, Rucka's run, Aaron's run, Logan, The Death of Wolverine, Origin (I   II)
* Young Avengers - Both volumes, Dark Reign: Young Avengers and The Children's Crusade
* Runaways - Vaughan's run
* Thunderbolt's - Ellis' run
* Other X-Books - X-Statix, Madrox/X-Factor (the one where they're a detective agency), Cable (2008), X-Force (2008), Remender's Uncanny X-Force
* Falcon - All-New Captain America
* Fantastic Four - Waid's run and Hickman's run and Ultimate Fantastic Four (up to #33)
* Ultimate Mr Fantastic (in order) - Ultimate Fantastic Four (up to #33), Ultimate: Fantastic Four Requiem, Ultimate Comics: Doomsday, Hickman's Ultimates, Secret Wars
* Ms Marvel - Ms Marvel
* Miles Morales (in order) - Ultimate Comics: Spider-Man, Spider-Men, Miles Morales: Ultimate Spider-Man
* Star Wars - Star Wars: Legacy, Star Wars: Legacy - War, Dark Empire, Dark Empire II,Dark Force Rising, Dark Times, Dark Times - Blue Harvest,Darth Vader (2014), Crimson Empire, Boba Fett - Agent of Doom, Knights of the Old Republic, Princess Leia (2014), Shadows of the Empire, Star Wars (1998), Star Wars (2014), X-Wing: Rogue Squadron, Star Wars: Republic, To Take the Tarkin, The Last Command, Darth Vader and the Ghost Prison, Crimson Empire, Star Wars Tales, Purge, Tag and Blink are Dead, Empire's End
* Other notable books - Marvels, 1602, NEXTWAVE, Infinity Gauntlet, Magento - Testament, Secret Wars, Spider-Man: Noir, Luke Cage: Noir,  Daredevil: Noir, Old Man Logan and House of M

Get yourself Marvel Unlimited as well as it's the only possible way you could digest all of this.

Edit: Added Star Wars 




 Yes. Did you read any of them? 




 As in Mighty Avengers and The Initive. I read the first four issues of The Initive and didn't really like it, but the reading order I'm following lists it as essential. Is it worth giving it another shot? 




 So, when's part two? 




 There were four Superhero movies last year. Four. Seriously. Why are people acting like that's too many? There are plenty of other options. 




 He toned it down in Jurassic World. He really wasn't that Andy Dwyer-ish. But, the movie was so silly I barely noticed.  




 He starts when he's thirteen. Interestingly, people thought he was too young for adults to associate with so they had a time skip so he was 15. 




 Pascal would have made a great Dr Strange IMO. This is a given considering both Strange and Pedro are sexy mother fuckers.  




 You need someone butcher and stronger for Cable in my opinion. Perlman is too old, otherwise he'd be my first choice. 




 My only problem with the inclusion of The Punisher is the fear that it may mean we won't see Elektra, the Hand, Bullseye or - much more importantly- Stilt Man. 




 Yeah. It's better to wait and use him well then use him poorly. 




 The word hero. The Inhumans are just people. 




 Mary Elizabeth Winstead as Suzie in Sex Criminals 
 




 He'd only be good if they were going for adventurer Mr Fantastic rather than troubled scientist Mr Fantastic which is his more modern depiction. For the latter, Teller is perfect as he'd be playing the same role as in Whiplash with science in lieu of drums. 




 I don't think think a Transmetropolitian film would be a blockbuster, but Imd very much like one. 




 What issue is this? 




 I fully expect a ton of these covers to be commissioned next month. 




 McConaughey almost exclusively plays characters with inner demons. I think I'd cast Dancy for the same reasons I'd cast McConaughey. 




 I just finished watching the third episode of this season and I'm not too sure. He seems too weird and I think I'd struggle accepting him as some kind of space messiah, he doesn't seem wise enough and I'm not sure he'd make an entirely convincing action star. I don't think he'd be the worst choice though. 




 Sorry, did I misspell a word? 




 You misspelt Matthew McConaughey.  




 With Co-Op? 




 I can't stand the Looper rules, but here it works better. I really wouldn't want another parallel universe story.  




 I consider it a fan theory as Kendrick in his albums is a charcter, but a character loosely based on a real person. I've made this analogy elsewhere in the thread, but it'd be like saying Zuckerberg killed some in The Social Network. Whether it applies to real life, I'm unsure, but I believe it applies to his albums. 
 




 If you like Prisoners, you'll love Mad Max, Interstellar and the Avengers. Actually, I'm not too clear, do we like the Avengers anymore? 




 The pay off is still there, it's just a post-credits scene.  




 The Garden of Words is a beautifully animated Japenese film directed by Makoto Shinkai. It's about a teenage boy who falls in love with a young woman he meets at a park bench every morning. The animation is phenomenal and it has a similar nostalgic tone to Lost in Translation. The dub is surprisingly good and the actors carry a lot of emotion, in case you didn't want to watch it subtitled. It's only 45 minutes, so don't be surprised if you find it short.

[Here's the trailer.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KoA4vYlfoc4)

Edit: I forgot, there's a crucial post credits scene, that you really can't miss otherwise you miss the payoff for the past forty minutes. 




 The point of it is, it adds another layer to the complexity of the character that is Kendrick Lamar.

Also, that's a unhealthily dismissive attitude to murder. 




 I didn't actually, but thanks. I got it from [here,](http://www.djbooth.net/index/news/entry/2015-04-20-kendrick-lamar-kill-someone) and I just wanted to share. 




 Did you not know Jay-Z's a motherfucking monster?

Seriously though some very good points here and even if Kendrick did kill someone, he'd be wiser for it and I wouldn't think it worth debating whether he's a good person nowadays. 




 What else has he done that's notable. 




 Frank Miller's art is NOTHING without Klaus Janson. 




 They're still good - just not on par with the series. They're a little rushed and don't really stand alone very well. Whether the conclusion is satisfactory or not is also really debatable. I liked it, but I know many didn't. All kind of makes sense seeing as the movies were the disused plot of season two. 




 I really liked it, but I was a bit disappointed by the movies. Otherwise it's great. 




 The point of the article isn't that you should judge him for it, more about wondering about how it affected him if he did. 




 A) I didn't write this.

B) I'm not really a fan of the analogy either. It's kind of inappropriate here. 




 Isn't it ironic, that if he did kill someone, Kendrick may be a better man for it? 




 Sorry, Le Fram Bruhs? 




 What's even circle jerky about this? 




 What's the circlejerk? This is just an analysis. 




 [What a douchebag.](https://themonthlyspew.files.wordpress.com/2015/06/3036582-2021834-1803127_cyclops_douche_super_super.jpg) 




 Then follow it up with Whedon's Astonishing X-Men. It's a bit more of a light-hearted fair, but it's just as good, if not better and I view it as a sequel of sorts. 




 My biggest problem with the otherwise great New X-Men is the art was too cartoonish compared to how darkly Kyle and Yost were writing it. Children were getting murdered left, right and centre yet it still looked like an all-ages book. 




  And the widescreen panels. And the black boxes. 




 Is We Are Robin any good? 




 The way I see it, in his albums Lamar is a character based on a real person; like Zuckerberg in The Social Network, certain elements are fictitious and exaggerated, but there's a lot of truth there and they both feel a lot of regret. Is this regret sourced from this murder is the question on my tongue. 




  Like I said I really dig your theory and I want to listen to albums again and look at it with another perspective.

First thing I started to do after reading this. Working my way through MaaD City now. 




 I hope he acts in his films. Lots of untapped potential in there. Also, nice Bad Meets Evil reference. 




 So many places you go with it (literally). Its premise could lead to almost anything. 




 Decent list I guess. Some things I don't like, but that's expected. I personally would have included Eden of the East, Hunter X Hunter and some movies. Akira, GitS, 5 Centimetres Per Second, Princess Monoke, Spirited Away and The Garden of Words would be my main picks for movies. 




 Regardless of your feelings towards those shows - I dislike Sword art and Black Butler, but love Deathnote - these are pretty great starting points and anything to get people into the better stuff is good in my opinion. 




 Jesus fuck! That's scary as shit! 




 Completely pinched from this [source](http://www.djbooth.net/index/news/entry/2015-04-20-kendrick-lamar-kill-someone), but I really wanted to share it.

 He watched House Party and ate Apple Jacks, sold Sega games while his cousin sold crack, pumped Reeboks while his uncle pumped packs. Since his introduction to the world, Kendrick Lamar has been the good kid from an ugly city. He embraced his roots, accepted being a boy from the hood, painting himself as Tre instead of Doughboy. Since birth, he was inducted into the madness. Weve seen the album cover, a baby at a table with a 40 next to a baby bottle. Heard the tales of his homies, how he witnessed their departure into darkness. He couldve been them. Somehow, he stayed away from the gangs. Kept his head in a notebook instead of rolling up papers. He left Compton untainted, a survivor, and told the world his story. Just as Obama became a symbol for hope when he was elected, Kendricks story has made him into an example for kids living in the same jungle. 
 
 What if Kendrick wasn't always so good? What if something traumatic happened that changed his life?
 
  *Been feeling this way since I was 16  The Blacker The Berry*
  
  *If I told you I killed a nigga at 16, would you believe me? Or see me to be innocent Kendrick you seen in the street*  M.A.A.D City
  
  *So why did I weep when Trayvon Martin was in the street, when gang banging make me kill a nigga blacker than me*  The Blacker The Berry
  
  *As a kid I killed two adults, Im two advanced*  Hol Up
  
  *My innocence been dead*  Ab-Souls Outro
 
 When Kendrick sat down with Rob Markman of MTV to discuss TPAB, he brought up the last line of "The Blacker The Berry" and Kendrick said his lyrics are from his experiences, his real life. I been through a lot, I seen a lot, where I come from, Ive done a lot to tear down my own community, he said. I wanted Rob to dig deeper. What, exactly, had he done to tear down his community? Kendricks face shows theres something hes keeping below the surface. As soon as you even allow yourself to ponder the idea, to consider even the hypothetical scenario that Kendrick has truly murdered another man, your brain starts to shut down. Its like if Batman killed the Joker, no one would believe it. That goes against his moral code, no matter what the crime or criminal, theres a line he wouldnt cross. Or, maybe more accurately, a line we think he wouldn't cross, as if we really know his life, as if we really know Kendrick Lamar Duckworth. 
 
 If these were Bobby Shmurda lyrics there would be no doubt. They would match his image, a young man that turned his reckless lifestyle into rap music. When Bobby said Mitch caught a body a week ago it was more than a catchy lyric, we all believed him. The police believed him. Yet, Kendrick says he killed a man, and we mask it as metaphorical. Assume its conceptual, that hes speaking from another perspective. And it very well may be...but what if he's not? Just allow yourself to think if for a moment. Kendrick has also insisted that the stories he tells are real ones, although not always his story. But what if he really did shoot someone? What if gangbanging really did make him kill someone? Even if he confessed the entire story, would you believe him? 
 
 On "Sherane," Kendricks mom tells him, If he keeps fuckin around in the streets, he wont make it to the next grade, 11th grade. Between 10th and 11th grade you're likely 15 or 16 years old. This time period seems to hold great significance. This is when hes breaking into homes, smoking weed and roaming the streets in his mommas van. He's been in circles that were causing mayhem in the streets, at the age of nine he was hanging with a crew of kids packing vans with guns and seeing someone get their brain evicted from the skull. Not saying he was active, but Kendrick is able to document the mad city because he was in the heart of it. Flags didnt hang from his back pocket, but his affiliation with friends likely threw him into dangerous situations and scenarios. One unlucky night was around each corner, grandma staying in the wrong neighborhood could lead to guns drawn and bullets soaring. Kendrick went from being a product of his surroundings to escaping through music. Something triggered this mentality change, what if the change was brought because he killed someone? Imagine if the ending of GKMC is fictional, instead its like Boyz In the Hood except Tre doesnt get out the car. You got a bunch of boys, filled with rage, who just witnessed a friend die. I believe they got revenge before an old woman with holy water baptized them. 
 
 *And if this bottle could talk* (gulp) *I cry myself to sleep*

  *Bitch everything is your fault*
 
  *Faults breakin' to pieces, earthquakes on every weekend*
 
  *Because you shook as soon as you knew confinement was needed*
 
  *I know your secrets*
 
  *Don't let me tell them to the world about that shit you thinkin'*
 
 "U" is Kendrick at his most personal. Its chilling how he was able to convey such emotion. The song highlights his faults, moments where he let himself down. Failing as a role model, failing as a brother, failing as a friend, confessing his suicidal thoughts, it all pours out of him like punctured blood vessels. That last verse it seems like hes about to make a confession, but instead decides to chug from the bottle. An incident that shook him to the core, an altercation that couldve lead to confinement. He carries an immense amount of survivors guilt, its apparent on a good portion of TPAB, but it feels like hes haunted by more than just escaping. Through music hes seeking redemption for the all the wrongdoings in his past. By becoming a beckon of light, he stops the cycle that stole his friends, enemies and his innocence.
 
  *"Yesterday I invaded privacy of a home*
 
  *The day before that my partner had fronted me a zone*
 
  *A week before I had loaded bullets inside that chrome*
 
  *Two weeks before that I shot them bullets and he was gone*
 
  *A month before that I cursed my mother then slammed the door*
 
  *Six months before that I hit my woman, she hit the floor*
 
  *I stormed out then seen a black Honda Accord*
 
  *Them hollow tips missed me then hit that little boy"*
 
 Theres a song called His Pain on BJ The Chicago Kids mixtape, Pineapple Now   Laters, that I always felt shouldve been placed on Section80. The title is fitting and Kendrick completely dominates the song with a grief stricken performance. He raps three verses before BJ even appears on the song. The hook is Kendrick repeating, I don't know why He keep blessing me, while illustrating the cold world that hes currently trapped in. The second verse, he talks about home invasions, murder and domestic violence. Hes talking loading bullets and blasting, being shot at, surviving but a stray bullet hitting a bystander. We can assume this is incredible creative writing, or incredibly candid storytelling. In the third verse he says, I analyzed on how a saint can play the villain, self-reflecting on who he is, and who he is becoming right before having a revelation. He believes God blessed him so he can bless us. Thats the Kendrick Lamar mission. To redeem himself by using his life to redeem others. 
 
 This is the theory that my buddy Kelechi and his brother Ukandu brought to my attention in a group text. I was in denial when they first shared the evidence, claimed it all as reaching, but its hard not to at least seriously consider once all the dots connect. The text thread is literally full of countless oh shit, fuck and you have to write this. It feels dirty to even think. Kendrick is hip-hops golden child. We finally had a rapper that wasnt just about money, bitches and violence, his thoughts are bigger than the clichs, and I would hate to taint his image with mistakes made during adolescence. I respect the fact that he puts it out there, like an Easter egg for listeners to find. Something happened during Kendricks 16th year, possibly an accident, maybe self-defense, but it changed him forever.
 
 I know friends that come from good homes, great parents and still get tangled up with the wrong crowds. The kind of guys that never break into homes but stand outside as lookouts. They wouldnt rob a bank, but they have been a part of check fraud. This is how I always imagined Kendrick, flirting with danger, but never gave into the temptation. If he held a pistol, it was unloaded. He got fired from his job after being pressured to stage a robbery. This isn't the kind of guy that is expected to be a kingpin of crime. I figured he spoke as a witness, he rapped from the perspective of an observer. Thats the person I connected with, who I rooted for. He symbolized overcoming a life in a rough environment. The thing about being a rap fan, the lyrics are sacred. We spend time dissecting and separating the real, phony, and exaggerations. His stories were real, but when he touched on subjects that seemed out of character, I dismissed them as just that - Kendrick channeling a character. Now, things have changed a bit. The information isn't new, it's always been there, I'm just now seeing the puzzle with all the pieces. 
 
 Now this is not an article saying that Kendrick did it; as much as the police are increasingly trying to blur the lines, as much as rappers try to blur the lines, song lyrics are art, not confession. But ever since the day I first started thinking about this article, I was lookin at him different.  




 I just really like their relationship in the comics and find their banter amusing. 




 Well, Civil War had more consequences than most events (its inpact was still felt until 2010). My problem is the fact it is incredibly poorly written and so many people act out of character.  




 That's a shame. I was really hoping he'd be in Doc Strange. 




 He got the Iron Spider gear in The Amazing Spider-Man months beforehand and he's barely in the main book itself and his role is really inconsequential. Anything notable that happened to him in that arc was retconned out a year later.

I really don't like Civil War. It's honestly one of Marvel's worst event books and that's truly saying something. I'm sure this movie will be good though. 




 His role in the comics was a bit part. He only appears on about ten pages. 




 Agreed, but DC needs more series with female characters headlining. 




 Batgirl isn't really Justice League, but the others would be great, but it seems kind of unlikely as they've already confirmed seven members and that's the traditional amount the League has. Martian Manhunter is a shapeshifter, so - if they include him - he could be depicted as a woman, like Xavin in The Runaways. 




  Your average Bloomingdales mannequin has more talent and charisma than Tatum. 




 Personally, I feel the franchise was better for it. 




 What I find interesting is Buffy is just a Kitty Pryde (an X-man) rip-off. 




 The superlative season. 




 The finale of Dexter - never again. 




 No, but not many blockbuster franchises do. At least the MCU has a lot of surprisingly good and very entertaining. 




 Damn straight.  




 When do I watch this in relation to the 2008 series? 




 I didn't realise how good DC have been about this. Probably because the Justice League in the comics is mostly white. Not sure whether Ezra Miller would identify himself as a person of colour though and Green Lantern and Shazam are yet to be cast.

Edit: It could still be less of a sausage fest though. Maybe a female Green Lantern to make up for the years of fridging  




 Does anyone else. 




 What I find impressive about the MCU is they've not had any movies that bad. How many other ten-film franchises can you name where the worst film is just mediocre? 




 But, it did. Clearly, it did. 




 Why? I love both movies, but I'd give F F7 the edge because the protagonists aren't all white (Sam Jackson is a bit player). 




 No superheros? Short of the capes, Toretto's gang have been superheroes since the fifth one. They're basically an ethically diverse Avengers with mad driving skills in lieu of powers  




 I don't even think it's for gear heads anymore. They haven't had a straight up race since the fifth one. It's more like The Avengers where all their superpowers are being good at driving. 




 My mixed race friend told me to play down my race because I use the word "nigga" casually. 




 Race. 




 I kinda want it to be Doc Strange as their relationship in the comics is superb. 




 No, he's not. He was hired because the director wanted that actor. That's it. 




 The argument has never been about Peter - it's more about representation. 




 That was never even in question.  




 Well, Idris sure is sexy, but I'm not sure he could pull off the flirtatious banter with every other Avenger. 




 Who's most famous role to date was the incredibly camp Peter Allen. I hear he was great in that though. 




 No, they don't. Do you think so little of casual movie-goers? This is the 21st - where no-one should bat an eye at siblings of different races. Half of drama is making assumptions about characters, I don't see how this is any different.

All that matters is that Johnny and Sue treat each other as siblings and love each other. That should be enough for the casual audience member to understand. 




 Watch Whiplash - Teller's character is essentially Reed Richards with drumming replacing science. 




 Seriously, they should have given Elba a much larger role. The fucker could have played anyone of the Avengers well (apart from Hawkeye). 




 You know, the fact that they're adopted probably isn't going to be mentioned in the film  




 Too old. 









 A movie that pays homage to 80's movies. Like Drive or John Wick. 









 I'm not doing this with you. 




 Any chance for a Punisher team-up? 




 Personally, I think Dances with Wolves is a more interesting story, but Avatar is a superior movie. Sorry to use the obvious example, but sometimes it's the best one. 




 No, let's speculate. A serious homophobia accusation might be what it takes to kick him out of DC.

I'm more than willing to drag myself down to his level to be shot of him. 




 I'm fond of Gravity is a Western. It features a lone, mostly silent protagonist travelling though a desolate and barren landscape where danger is around every corner. 




 Do you have the bigger editions? Is it just me, or was KnightsQuest just run-of-the-mill Batman stories with Azreal's descent into madness being the only interesting thing about it? I love KnightFall and KnightsEnd though. 




 Honestly - as much as I love them - most Superhero comics are the equivalent of dumb blockbusters. Image and Vertigo is pretty much the place to be if you want intelligent writing. 




 It seems like your comparing a single issue of a comic to an entire series or novel, which I'd disagree with. A 22 page comic is going to have limitations, but when six issues come together to form a trade,  then this would be more apt as they have just as much room to develop characters and stories. If "limited dialogue" is just something you've experienced in comics, I'd point you towards something wordier. Some comics average a hundred words a page where others average ten. I also feel characterisation can be conveyed through emotions and reactions which illustrations deliver with ease. 




 Nope. The only advantage that TV has is length and novels' prose. Prose can easily be replicated by comics though and comics have the ability to display things happening at different times simultaneously and have many other tricks that give them an advantage (not to mention budget). Google Scott McCloud's Understanding Comics. A great read that really gives more insight into art in general. 




 Link? 
























  I think it's a shame he doesn't write the blockbusters he works on. 




 I love Pale Rider. I feel like it's Eastwood's forgotten Western - or maybe that's Hang 'Em High. 




 If Season 3 was half its length, it would have been the best season. 




 Also, less visually interesting. In fact ugly and messy. The action in this episode is actually horrible. 




 Really? I didn't think Charlie Work was all that funny, the plot was a bit stupid and I struggled to suspend my disbelief for a lot of it. Frankly, the cinematography still isn't that great. The show still feels like it's being filmed by three friends for $100 and IMO that's part of the charm, but it doesn't create good looking shots. In fact, a lot of the shots were pretty terrible.  




 Not a lot happened in 5a, but they sure made up for it with a lot of great moments. Do you remember the train episode? Jesus! That was awesome. 




 And Game of Thrones and Homeland experienced a drop in quality. I think the golden age is well and truly over.

I keep looking at shows I thought were great last year and now I'm not too fond Hannibal has forgone story for the sake of artiness, Community found its way further up Dan Harmon's arse, Better Call Saul was tremendously disappointing and I have nothing but low expectations for the next season of Fargo. Also Parks and Rec is over. :'(

I've enjoyed Archer, Daredevil, and even The Walking Dead more than I've enjoyed the aforementioned shows. The Walking Dead!! I think the golden age of television is over.  




 Jon Favreau's dialogue is so underapreciated, I think it's a shame he doesn't write the blockbusters he works on. I imagine his voice working best on Shazam! His dialogue through a teenaged voice would be interesting to hear and I also think Shazam's DC's funnest hero and Favreau is Marvel's funnest director (sorry Gunn and Whedon fans).

Other than that, probably Branagh to Aquaman. If anyone is going to give the Big Orange the respect he deserves, it'll be him. Also, he'll probably add some Shakespearean touches which would be much appreciated. 




 Ha! I knew this one!

/u/train_subject1185 - 1: Life - 99 




 This is the right answer. M 




 Sorry, but it was months after Peter died when they announced the new Ultimate Spider-Man. I get the sense that Peter wasn't just killed off to be replaced. It makes a lot more sense in the continuity of Ultimate Spider-Man which I'd recommend reading as it's very accessible for a non-comic book reader like yourself. 




 He's got to earn that paycheck somehow. 




 Everything pop culture knows about the character comes from the movies which was a pretty inaccurate depiction of the character back then.  




 Alan Ball deserves a mention. 




 The Dollar Trilogy. Clint is a real prick in those movies. 




 I was eleven-ish and watched The Good, The Bad and The Ugly with my dad. The finale is almost completely superfluous to the narrative and could have been done in three or four shots, yet Leone takes five minutes to express relationships between characters, build tension, show off some pretty Spanish landscapes and play some kick-ass music. That's when I realised what film was capable of. 




 It's kind of weird because it sounds so fake, yet it's so enthralling. 




 A few months and it's working great. 




 I'd prefer to see him take his Hal Jordan into Live Action. 




 Dark Reign and Annihilation would make my day. 




  Why Big Koala instead of Des Kangaroo?
 
I now feel like an idiot. Of course I should run Des Kangaroo. I probably left it out for some stupid reason like the card art annoys me.

I'll add Naturia Beast.

 




 Thanks man, you've been very helpful. I feel like this deck is going to run a lot faster now. 




 Thanks, I think that's helped a lot.

-1 United We Stand

-1 Closed Forest

-1 Mirror Force

-1 Kalantosa, Mystical Beast of the Forest

+2 Royal Decree

+2 Mystical Space Typhoon

+2 Effect Veiler


This puts the deck at 42 cards, do you think that may be too big? 




 Thanks. You've got me all excited. 




 Really? Sorry to be doubtful, but do you have a source? 




 The aim is to try and summon monsters from the extra deck as quickly as possible using the Raccoons' swarming abilities or Obedience Schooled. You can do this by using Junk Synchron to special summon a level two beast from the grave to synchro summon a level 5 *or* XYZ two level 2 beasts to summon Number 64: Ronin Raccoon Sandayu *or* searching for the material for Koala-Koala - with Pon-Poko, the Raccoon Rascal/Baby Raccoon Tantan or Obedience Schooled - and using Polymerization to fusion summon it. Using United We Stand whilst Number 64: Ronin Raccoon Sandayu is on the field can lead to some strong tokens. Tokens from Number 64: Ronin Raccoon Sandayu can have their attack borrowed by Junk Warrior to give it ridiculous attack. You can do a lot of these combos within the first turn creating a FTK.

I have no idea how this stacks up against the current meta, but I've really enjoyed using it and felt like sharing.


 **Monsters [24]**
 
 * Big Koala
 * Junk Synchron x3
 * King of the Swamp x3
 * Tree Otter x2
 * Mogmole
 * Wind-Up Kitten
 * Pon-Poko, the Raccoon Rascal x3
 * Valerifawn, Mystical Beast of the Forest x2
 * Kalantosa, Mystical Beast of the Forest x3
 * Sea Koala x2
 * Baby Raccoon Tantan x3
 
 **Spells [15]**
 
 * Raigeki
 * Polymerization x3
 * Ayer's Rock Sunrise x3
 * Rank-Up Magic Astral Force
 * Obedience Schooled x3
 * United We Stand x2
 * Closed Forest x2
 
 **Traps [1]**
 
 * Mirror Force

**Extra Deck [15]**

 * Master of Oz
 * Koala-Koala x3
 * [Any four level 5 Synchro monsters, I opted for Frozen Fitzgerald, T.G. Hyper Librarian, Armades, Keeper of Boundries and Ally of Justice Catastor.]
 * Junk Warrior
 * Diamond Dire Wolf x2
 * Daigusto Phoenix
 * Number 64: Ronin Raccoon Sandayu x3 




 Do you have a deck list I could peek at? 




 Three Photon Satellites and the Calculator or XYZing Number 64 then getting a token with high attack and Junk Warrioring. 




 I mixed them with Koalas and have found that pretty effective. I just use a lot of staple beast cards and support. 




 Robbie Reyes wouldn't be. 




 Two = tons? Okay then. Moon Knight is capable of holding 13 episodes IMO and I think Pascal is a great choice white or not (although, I would have preferred him as Doctor Strange). 




 Even if it's Terry Crews? 




 Is Teen Titans: Year One any good? 




 I love Southern Bastards. It's gloriously written and really shows Aaron and Latour at their best. A TV show would be fantastic, but I believe there needs to be more source material for it. Maybe in three-four years. I wish we were getting more than one arc every eight months though. 




 I want change to have a sense of progression. My favorite period of Avengers comics is the 2004-2010 run of crossovers (Avengers Disassembled, House of M, Civil War, World War Hulk, Secret Invasion, Dark Reign and Siege). I love this period as characters grow and change. We got a new Cap, Thor died and had a change of setting, Iron Man battled inner demons and went from being on top of the world to the bottom of it and Hawkeye went from hiding in Eastern Europe to leading the New Avengers and calling out Norman Osbourne on live television. These were clear character arcs that lasted years and as a result felt like advancing seasons of a TV show - exactly how /u/AlphaNeonic seemed to want comics. I just wish some of the actual events had been a bit less crap and the solo books contributed to the overall story arc a bit more.  




 Yes, but the mythology is weaker. Although the fight scenes are why most will watch it. 




 The Raid 2 is a much richer experience for seeing the first one 




 The Raid  




 I've got a feeling this is becoming the next underrated gem, but who cares when its that good? 




 Godzilla director? Awesome. I think that movie would have been great with a stronger script. His visuals were awesome. 




 Ketchup 




 Everybody should just watch Slow West anyway. 




  You wouldn't try to adapt the fucking Mona Lisa into a movie.

Don't give them ideas. 




 Come on, the worst Marvel movies are only mediocre. Nothing as tragic as Green Lantern. 




 I'd rather see their Transformers or TMNT than Bay's bastardisation. 




 Would it? That's what they did for 50 years before The Dark Knight Returns and that's what they still do whenever Mark Waid or Grant Morrison writes the characters. 




 If he wasn't too old, that'd be perfect casting. 




 You're right, this isn't a dispute. The comics are worldwide - I'm a fan in Europe and I know of many fans in Asian countries where they are translated. The movies are about making money the most efficient way they can and diversity is one of them.

TL;DR - Comics are **global**, movies are about money, you should fact check. 




 So pretty much a different deck. 




 You're not really doing this, are you? Literally millions of people in China went to see Age of Ultron. Literally millions.  




 Cloak and Dagger appeared in like 2 issues of The Runaways. Replacing them with Doc Strange wouldn't make too big a difference. 




 I really don't want Nico without the rest of the Runaways, but Cho is awesome. You could plop him into most Phase 3 movies and he'd work. Imagine if he was one of Peter's classmates. 




 Lightsworn-Timelords? What's that? 




 Ever since AMC set up thousands of new cinemas in China. 




 Absolutely. It'd be the wrong decision. If we had to have an Asian hero, I was rooting for The Wasp as she's Asian in teh Ultimate Universe. 




 The aim of this deck is to to win via three methods.

A) Use a set of Photon Satellites to reach an absurdly high level and attack with the Calculator

B) Use Junk/Road Synchron in combination with the Photon Satellites to synchro summon high level monsters

C) Use the Photon Satellites to XYZ a range of monsters

D) Use Junk Warrior whilst the The Calculator is on the field with a really high attack

**Monsters [19]**

* Photon Thrasher *x2* 
* Road Synchron
* Shining Angel *x3*
* Honest *x2*
* Junk Synchron *x3*
* Ryko, Lightsworn Hunter *x2*
* The Calculator *x3*
* Photon Satellite *x3*

**Spells [16]**

* One for One
* Polymerization
* Accellight *x2*
* Machine Duplication *x2*
* Upstart Goblin *x3*
* Gold Sarcophagus
* Inferno Reckless Summon *x3*
* Photon Lead

**Traps [5]**

* Mirror Force *x2*
* Call of the Haunted *x3*

**Extra Deck [15]**

* Twin Photon Lizard
* Road Warrior
* Stardust Dragon
* Black Rose Dragon
* Goyo Guardian
* Frozen Fitzgerald
* Junk Warrior
* Ally of Justice Catastor
* Underworld Fighter Balmung
* Number 23: Lancelot, Ghost Knight of the Underworld
* Constellar Pleiades
* Number 50: Blackship of Corn
* Evilswarm Exciton Knight
* Grenosaurus
* Wind-Up Zenmaines 




   Asians are a small, small minority.

1 in 19 Americans are of Asian descent. There are 16903324 Asian people in living in the USA. 




 There's no reason not to have both - unless you worry about to many people with a similar skillset - but I think it's unlikely they'd want to add another member to the Defenders this early on. 




 If I don't want to bone him then the casting is wrong.
 




 Race is important to many, many people, but the writer wasn't using it as a case against Iron Fist, he was saying that Iron Fist better use mystical elements to justify choosing him over Shang-Chi. But, the MCU only has one Asian hero - why would one more hurt? I know it would certainly please a lot of people to have Shange-Chi. 




 Arr you flexible on the blue eyes? 




 From the director of Swingers comes The Edge of Tomorrow.  




 ITT: People mistaking the Thomas Jane Punisher for the first one.

Edit: to people saying that I'm ignoring the title. People are still referring to the 2000s movies as if they're the only ones. I know this thread is about those in particular, but this the posts in this thread make it very clear that not that many people are aware of the '89 film due to their phrasing, *not* because they're not mentioning the film. 
 




 Likewise. 




 Sorry - you're right. The superhero genre is extremely constrictive. Definitely check out Understanding Comics as it's really enlightening and has improved my understanding of cinema as well. 




 I honestly believe the *medium* - comics aren't a genre -  is one of the most complex there is and Watchmen only succeeds in that form. Check out Scott McCloud's Understanding Comics.

Personally, I think the only way the movie could have been more successful is if they changed the story to suit the form much better. 




 

I'm a strong believer in, if someone has explained something better than you would, direct the person asking to the person with the answers.

So here are some links to points I generally agree with.

https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/377635/watchmen_underappreciated_a_victim_of/crkc0tt

https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/377635/watchmen_underappreciated_a_victim_of/crkg10m

https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/377635/watchmen_underappreciated_a_victim_of/crkeflu

https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2t7vbk/watchmen_look_at_the_bottom_computer_screen_they/cnwwiqt

https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/377635/watchmen_underappreciated_a_victim_of/crkg10m 




 I don't mind the movie (I think it's OK), but it's fundamentally a misunderstanding of the graphic novel.  




 Is Summer Wars better than The Girl Who Lept Through Time which is the only one of his folms I've seen and I wasn't too fond.  




 Is Summer Wars better than The Girl Who Lept Through Time which is the only one of his folms I've seen and I wasn't too fond.  




 I really like what Jason Aaron is doing right now, granted, I'm a big Aaron fan. 




 As a big fan of Daredevil and Punisher comics, I think I have a pretty good idea. Daredevil doesn't approve of Frank's methods. They clash as Daredevil tries to save someone from Frank. Frank and Daredevil team up to take down the big bad and Daredevil doesn't let Frank kill anyone. 




 Daredevil is fantastic, but I wasn't too fond of the last episode. It felt surprisingly superhero-y. 




 I'd say so. But also: Zodiac. 




 I expect all of Marvel's Netflix series will be grim 'n' gritty, but the ABC shows will stay relatively light (that said, MAOS' finale was somewhat grim). I imagine a few films may be darker, but they'll never get as dark as Daredevil. Doctor Strange and Black Panther have potential to be darker, but as did Iron Man 3 and Thor: The Dark World. 




 Ehh. Not really a Snyder fan, but I didn't really mind Man of Steel. That said, I'm really looking forward to seeing Cyborg, Aquaman, Wonder Woman and Shazam! on the big screen. I know lots of people love him and that's fine, I just wish they didn't give Snyder so many movies as I don't really like his style. If Terrio can give his movies a tighter structure, then I should be good then, but I still don't care much for his action and I don't think he's very intelligent. Misunderstanding of Watchmen and Superman aside, I feel like he throws in symbolism, but doesn't really follow it through and it kind of bugs me. Was Supeman Jesus, the American Dream or humanity's last hope? I'm unsure because Synder kept telling me he was too many different things without telling me why. If a producer or a writer can help hold Snyder's hand through exploring his themes and ideas, that'll be great.

I just watched Gone Girl and I'm certain Affleck will make a great Bruce Wayne. Still unsure on Batman, but I'll stay open minded. 

I'm a fan of the Marvel formula, but I'd really like them to try something different from here on out and Phase 3 seems to be promising that. 




 Gwyneth Paltrow's strength being dead in a box? 




 Try Greg Rucka's run. Best Punisher I've read not written by Ennis or Aaron. 




 Urgh. Civil War. Don't use that as an example of good characterisation. 




 BKV's Doctor Strange: The Oath

Bendis/Maleev on Daredevil

Christopher Priest on Black Panther 




 I'd only mind because Clark alreqdy has a love interest and I'd like to see them together for a few movies. 




 Preferably comics, but I'd happily read books as well. I'd prefer books that are good rather than ones that are just important plot-wise. 




 Really, really good. The art is phenomenal. 




 What did you think of his other two episodes from S5? Conquer and Remember? 




 Submersion? I believe that you mean immersion.

I - personally - don't think it affected immersion at all as they put the tribute right at the end of the movie as there was no story left to take you out of. But, different strokes, I guess. 




 I'm confused. I'm in the UK and I can purchase them. What's your problem? 




 Trust me, not many people here know that much about the industry. 




 Not a fan of the Walker tribute? 




 Preacher? I'm sure that's going to be a TV Series. 




 I'm expecting the eighth one to be called F8. 




 It's probably just an attempt to certify what happens in these comics matter. Not sure it does though.  




 Marvel could definitely do with a series akin to Star Wars Legacy or Knights of the Old Republic. I think they just wanted to take advantage of the almost completely clear chronology and add some stuff to the original trilogy. Still iffy on Han's wife, but otherwise the stuff they've added has been great and I'm especially looking forward to the Soule/Maleev Lando series. I think they should explore some other genres though. Imagine a neo-noir police procedural in the Star Wars universe written by Greg Rucka or a quirky romantic comedy about two gay Gungans who fall in love in a prejudiced society by Matt Fraction? 




 Dark Horse's Star Wars was great, but I'm loving Marvel's more.  Marvel's feel more like the movies and -generally- the art is better. 




 I consider this to be a much ignored chapter in Brubaker's Captain America run. 




 Probably a controversial opinion on this sub, but I'm not too big a fan of Dickerson as a I think his action is just too clumsy and Too Far Gone is one of the show's messier hours. His action is unclear and lacks any real weight. I think he tries to make it feel "real" and it suffers for it as it makes the show look like a bunch of middle aged guys flailing about rather than the unisex set of badasses Nicotero demonstrates. Maybe the former is more in keeping with The Walking Dead's tone, but it's not really fun to watch. 




 Straight forward? Did you not see What Happened and What's Going On? It's probably the single most pretentious and arty episode of the show and I love it.  




  Does it have influences from that genre? Sure. Does that mean anything? Not at all. 




 Shut-up ye mutie scum. 




 I really liked the second New Mutants book and the New X-Men that followed. Hellion, Rockslide, Pixie, Prodigy, Surge (what are you up to now Surge?), Wallflower, Icarus , X-23and Dust all stand out in my mind. 




 To Kill a Mockingbird changed my views on masculinity and racism and I think I'm a better person for that. 




 Seriously, every episode he directs is a vast improvement compared to the others. The action is cleaner and cooler, some shots are artier and he can use symbolism really well and he always gets really creative with blood and gore. If he directed a movie, I would be first in line to see it. Does anyone have any ideas for pre-existing properties that he would direct an adaption of well? 




  Also, Cyclops was right.

Eh. Cap was a dick and all, but I still can't condone everything Cyke has done. At least Cyclops was interesting. 









 I hope they give Scott something really interesting to do in the next modern movie. I'm loving the arc he's currently finishing in the comics and I'd love to see a cinematic take on that. 




 Jackman's Winter Soldier score is great, but I prefer his X-Men: First Class score. Sometimes I'll just blare Magneto out of my speakers really loud. 




 Look at 5 Centimetres Per Second  




 TIL 




 Vertigo TV. Not really sure I'd count it as the same thing as DC. 




 Agent Carter and Jake Chisel. 




 Brian Michael Bendis wrote Ultimate Spider-Man for 15 years. He's reknowned for having a love it or hate it, naturalistic style of dialogue that tends to bounce back and forth between characters in short sentences. Google some examples. 




 As long as it's in Bendis-speak. 




 I disagree. I believe it to be the episode before where Michael J Fox plays the doctor with OCD and everyone is jealous of him and then they realise he's more troubled than they are. 




 Giving people who have prime comics, is a good way to attract more people 




 The apps have improved greatly, but they could do with better smart panels for older comics, a higher resolution and two-page viewing.  




 The ending of The Usual Suspects  




 With Batman as a dad? No bloody way. 
























 Definitely. The accents, the snow, the mannerisms, the setting is as much a part of the show as the characters.  




 "Where do you think we are?" 




 I thought she conveyed them both very well in Breaking Bad, but different strokes. 




 It's quite clearly not. 









 Snarky? Matt isn't snarky. Well, maybe in the Waid run.

I love Daredevil because he's had some of the best character work in modern comics. Over a decade he slowly had a massive mental breakdown due to the death of a loved one and the outing of his secret identity. The Bendis/Brubaker era was like one really well written TV series with a main character arc comparable to Breaking Bad. All he wants is to protect the citizens of his city, but it all comes at a massive cost to his mental well-being. Frank Miller and Kevin Smith also touched upon this and I think that's part of what makes their books so great.

Looking elsewhere, there are a lot of fun stories. I've heard the Waid interpretation as a swashbuckler. 




 I'd love to see Miles' costume. I love that costume a lot.

Edit: Seriously guys? You're downvoting me because I like a costume. I'm not asking for black Spider-Man or trying to say I'd prefer to see Miles. I'm just saying I'd like to see [this extremely badass costume](http://www.pressherald.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/portland-press-herald_3535489-674x1024.jpg) in a film. It's a great costume and it'd certainly help differentiate from other live-action incarnations. I thought this sub was better than downvote to disagree. 




 And what's that? 




 I haven't played in a few months, but I was wondering what happened to all of their mods. I was wanting to play with MFFS again. 




 I dunno. I love that run so very much, but if you're not very into comics - paticularly older comics - the dated style is kinda hard to read. Therefore I recommend the more modern runs first and foremost. 




 Really? I thought she was perfect. She's the perfect mixture of snark and I can't be arsed to do anything that I think embodies JJ. 




 You hate comic Daredevil? For shame. 




 Shame because both of their series were really good, then they just got shoe-horned into everything. 




 He said with the Warren Ellis flair. 




 Pretty much what I came it to recommend. It's worth noting that Thanos only appears in the beginning and the end of DnA's run. 




 I'm trying to do a school project on box-office sales, and I thought the Chinese release date would be a major factor in how much money the movie makes. 




 I'm not an anime fan, but when I'm sick I'll turn on Naruto as I loved it when I was younger. 









 I really enjoyed CATFA for the Spielbergian vibe. I didn't watch it until after Iron Man 3, but when I did, I thoroughly enjoyed it. It was like a cheesy 80s movie with a nice message, good dialogue and characters, entertaining actors and an interesting story. Red Skull wasn't great and the action is hardly memorable, but overall, it's very enjoyable. 




 How has there been no mention of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind and Inception? If you look toward eastern animation, Akira and Ghost in the Shell are both very pretty movies. 




 I wouldn't object to him leading a Firefly revival. 




 Does it make it any less of a good idea or any less of a good hour of television? 




 It was a good idea putting 90% of Game of Throne's main characters in one place for the start of the series before splitting them all up. 




 Community - Tell Dan Harmon to make the show about the characters rather than himself. I enjoyed the first couple seasons a lot, but near the end the character's personalities were flip-flopping all over the place and Harmon was explicitly writing episodes to make fun of things he didn't like (even if most of his viewers do). I miss the days Abed was cute, now he's just an excuse for Harmon to say something meta. Honestly, I don't think it's even funny anymore. 




 Why is he running? Is musical chairs really that big in ABQ? 




 Just ask Tommy Wiseau 




 Is it the same as the dick joke? 









 He wrote it himself. Kermode's main case for enjoying it more was because it was based on a book it gave Tarantino a stronger structure to follow. 




 My mixtape. 




 I dunno. Foster is pretty great in that movie. 




 I can't blame him for that. At least, if he's written well in future movies, we have a good actor in the role. 




 Clever Bryan Singer and Co. I didn't even notice that. 




 Just now noticing what an unfortunate acronym A Clash of Kings has. 




 And - for the most part - failing. Thankfully a charismatic and entertaining actor like Cavill was cast. 




 Throne of Blood all the way. 




 It wasn't voice only and I meant recognition in general. 




 But from Peter's perspective pretty awesome. 




 I've been dieing to see Tarantino return to the blaxploitation genre. 




 Does The Dark Knight count by this measure? It's a Mark Millar comic and it's pretty rare for him to dip his toe in other genres and when he does, it tends to be pretty poor. I'm shocked they made a decent movie out of the steaming pile of crap that was Kingsman. 




 I love Saga, but it's not a comic book movie. 




 I wasn't a fan of Drive - it was well made, but the tone and style didn't sit right for me - but the kiss in the lift was magical. 




 Sandman was perfect in that movie. 




 Best cameo, because - dammit! - Nathan Fillion doesn't get enough recognition. 




 Frankly, I couldn't stand this show at first, but complicated plotting, great character work and funny dialogue really made the show grow on me so I personally think Marvel's Agents of Shield is much more deserving than a 7.5. I don't think anything about an 8.3, but still, the show improved vastly, but I feel it took way too long to do it. The direction is still kinda bland and as a result, so is the action, but it's still a pretty entertaining show. 




 That wasn't what I was asking, but I love those series. I finished YtLM a month ago and am still conflicted over the excellent ending. I've got volume 4 of Preacher lying next to my bed and I'm waiting for the last two volumes in the post. These books are both more deserving or movies than characters like Cyborg or Ant-Man (saying that as a DC and Marvel fanboy) yet they've spent so long in development hell. Thank God Preacher is getting a show and the fact it's replacing Mad Men's slot in the AMC line-up gives me high expectations. 




 I, for one, really like A History of Violence and V for Vendetta. 









 I'm 98% sure Alan Moore put a curse on the movie to prevent it from becoming a classic. Either that or it wasn't *that* great.  




 I think that was a result of HBO's deal with the BBC though. I could be wrong. 




 Didn't he have a heart attack? 




 I'm a big comic fan, so when I was first getting into the medium I was recommended Sandman and Fables and I loved them. I quite like the other Gaiman books I've read so I'll check out Anansi Boys. 




 I'm looking for good adaptions of myths. I was very much into myths in general when I was a kid and would love to read some more mature content on them. I used to like Egyptian, Arthurian, Greek, Celtic and Norse myths in particular. 




 Isn't R-Rated Home Alone just Die Hard? 




 Upvote for "adorably homophobic". 









 It was a joke. Peyton did a great job on Ant-Man, especially in the face of adversity. I wouldn't deny him that. 




 I used to really dig that movie when I was younger, now it's a bit meh, but I love the style to it. 




 Doom, Kang, Annihilus and Galactus are all being screwed by Fox. I'd love to see them and the Silver Surfer brought into the MCU. If they wanted to do the Reed Richards as a villain arc from Ultimate Marvel, I'd be pretty pleased. Unfortunately, Miles Teller is perfect for that Reed. 




 Nah, Bring it On mate. 




 I don't understand the downvotes, I liked most of these, but I wouldn't call any of them the best of the year, but none of them are so atrocious they deserve downvotes. 




 It's fine to watch by itself, but if you want to watch some of the earlier ones, I only recommend 5 and 6. The others are a bit meh, but 5 has some really great action. 




 I'm shocked to see this so low down. ~~Of course he does! He's great.~~ Actually, not a comic book movie. 




 I really like Arrow, but I hate him being a Batman clone in the show. In the comics, Green Arrow is a border-line hippy in his views. The (exaggerated) Frank Miller version describes him as a communist. Watching him torture people and use excessive violence to get revenge and deliver his own form of justice reminds me much more of Charles Bronson in Death Proof than Robin Hood (which is where most of his basic characterisation comes from). 




 The visuals in DoFP make up for how stationary the rest of the film is. 




 Fargo   No Country for Old Men

Stand by Me   Super 8

Goodfellas   Casino   The Wolf of Wall Street 




 Slow West 




 It has 90+% on Rotton Tomatoes. 




 Ehh, wasn't my cup of tea. Certainly not bad, unlike Psycho II or Child's Play. 




 I mean, he did Fright Night, Child's Play and Psycho II. That's hardly a stellar filmography. I'm not even going to mention how unconvincing it'll be having a 72 year-old playing a high schooler. 














 Transmetropolitan. 




 Looking for some slow, romantic and generally pretty and good-looking movies with a focus on landscapes. 




 Garden of Words also has a calm, understated feel to it. It's plot is similar to Lost in Translation, except gender flipped. The animation is on par with 5 Centimetres Per Second, but the story and characters aren't and it ends abruptly. It's still very good, but not as good as 5C/S. 




 Even if it was Pam Grier? 




 True Romance, Lost in Translation, 5 Centimetres Per Second, The Garden of Words. 




 It insists on itself. 




 And the action really isn't great. I really don't like the film's visual style. 




 Premise doesn't captivate me, but Joss returning to comics is pretty exciting. 




 Is it too much to ask for a likable Robin? 




 None of that was a problem with the direction. 




 Ferris Bueller's Day Off 




 Intergalactic private investigator. 




 I couldn't ever settle down either. I'm a leaf on the wind. 




 I wanna see him in the Bendis-era tank top. 




 Actually, they do. It's Formatted like this

 Edgar Wright and Joe Cornish

 and

 Adam McKay and Paul Rudd 




 I'm loving Aaron's run so far and I give him credit, not a single word written has been out of character. 




 I hate finding out he had a wife before A New Hope. You'd think it'd be mentioned a few times in the original trilogy. 




 I prefer the second one, just because it succeeds as a sprawling gangster epic as well as an excellent action film. 




 Completely fresh start with a focus on telling great stories. We see everyone starting out again at the cost of some great supporting characters. Certain books will have interlinked storylines, but no company wide crossovers. Books will be aware of each other, but won't need to conform to match the main books or whatever. We slowly build to the Justice League for like a year or two in each characters respective books, then the first crossover is the formation of the Justice League. A similarly variety of books to DC's current line up. Only two books per character maximum. Origins are rebooted. Creative control is left in the hands of writers and artists and they propel storylines. 




 Please don't. They're both abysmal and contribute little to the characters outside of the book itself.

The only books starring Batman that are good are Batman and Robin, Batman and Detective Comics from #30 onwards. The rest are crap. 




 Doug Liman 




 You'd still think the director would think about these motivations. 




 Simple, but a pretty great story. 




 I love artsy bullshit, but its getting in the way of the narrative right now and it's annoying me. 




 He said he'd have been in Arrow if they asked him. 




 I liked it. 




  I ended up 1600 miles 

That's diameter of dwarf planet Pluto, formerly the smallest planet category of our solar system. 




 The thing about street fights is, the street always wins. 




 You'd respect a guy for abandoning all of his religious beliefs? 




 Luke Cage, Daredevil and Iron Fist teaming up. 




 Because we already pay for it and and it is a government-owned company. 




 Soule on Daredevil and Aaron on Doctor Strange? This'll be great. 




 I wouldn't recommend that. As I said, I'm not a fan of half of those movies, but love the other half. 




 How has this not gotten more attention. This is ridiculous. 









 Except from pretty much all of them. Just look at Captain America's across the movies. 




 Honestly, the first four suck really bad. They're horrendous, but most gearheads I know love them for the exact reason you listed. Come the fifth one, they pretty much became heist/superhero movies. There's only about fifteen minutes of racing between the last three films. And they actually got some pretty interesting female characters which is more than I can say for most blockbusters. They're a bit like a racially and sexually diverse Mission Impossible, they just do ridiculous stunts and banter with each other and that's what makes it so entertaining. Watching the Rock and Vin Diesel have one-liner offs or Ludachris and Tyreese Gibson arguing is just so damn funny and the cast has great chemistry. The setpiece at the end of five is such a blast to watch I feel I have to mention that. If you must watch one, watch Fast 5. It introduces the Rock, has some of he best action (well, maybe 7 can rival it) and it has a pretty great villain. 




 I'll never forget the shock on my face when he leaves Brolin's wife's house and checks his boots for blood. 




 [I love this look](http://www.therpf.com/attachments/f78/marvel-now-punisher-costume-gerads-version-10-22-white-ammo-pouches-added-imageuploadedbytapatalk1405125912-617483-jpg-348172d1405125913) 




 Nova, the Runaways or Young Avengers. You could probably squeeze Kamala Khan into the YA. 




 Anthology series almost never work out wow. Although, the cast is excellent. Nick Offerman could get me to watch anything. 




 Do they take overseas subscriptions? 









 Read the article. 




 Hopefully now that Aaron is on board , this'll change. 




 Selma director. MCU Exchange broke that they were in talks. 




 Buy it. I've got the first one and it's excellent. I've actually performed a monologue from it a couple times. It is truly an excellent piece of writing in keeping with the tone and language of the movies and Shakespeare's tragedies. 





























