 According to the employee handbook, I should add the following disclaimer: The postings on this site are my won and do not represent Barnes and Noble's positions, strategies, or opinions. 




 I think I've always had vague knowledge of the holocaust, like my parents probably gave me a toned down summary of it when I was maybe 6/7/8. In fourth grade I started reading tons of books on the holocaust, by fifth grade I had a lot of knowledge about it. Of course, everything that happened in the holocaust was horrifying and maybe not the best subject material for a grade schooler. But I think it was great when I started learning more about it because it's important thing to remember.

My parents are also paranoid about the state of antisemitism around the world and are prepared to move to Israel if things go to shit in the US. 




 I have been hearing this definition of racism all over tumblr, Twitter, etc, as well as people adding that minorities can't be racist but can be prejucided. I have no idea where these definitions of racism are coming from and frankly they seem made up to add on to the victim complex that many people have. I myself am liberal and a feminist and all that shit, but this stuff really infuriates me, especially since if you challenge it you're automatically labeled as a racist. 




 Id like advice from current/past cs majors at UT. I'm going this fall but I'd like to get a head start by learning some things on my own. What are some things you wish you had already known how to do, at least somewhat, before you got to UT so you'd have a head start? Or, what did you already know how to do that gave you a head start? Any advice is much appreciated! 
























 We get a 30% discount, but Amazon still sells their books cheaper. Amazon is my shit, but don't tell my manager. The 40% discount at the cafe is actually great tho. I started in October 2014, so I haven't been working here too long, and it's just a part-time job because I'm 18. 




 The weekdays are typically super slow, especially if you're back in the music/dvd section, where I usually work. Sometimes I'll have only like four or five customers within 4.5 hours. I don't even know why that section is even still open. The weekends get a little better. The B N I work at is part of an outdoor shopping complex and when there are special events at the complex we get a shit ton of customers, mostly annoying 13 year olds. 

At any time, our most requested books are ones that kids have to read for school like Macbeth, A Brave New World, Animal Farm, etc. This being Texas, bibles and American Sniper are really popular. 




 Are you as totally fucking psyched to finally leave high school as I am? 




 A couple week ago a young guy came in reeking of weed and pizza and asked if we had a Raising Farm Animals for Dummies book. We actually had something similar but he ended up just getting a magazine. 
























 Swimmin in that minimum wage cash. 




 Amazon. B N really hates Amazon. Every time something bad happens with Amazon (like their recent disputes with book publishers), theres an article pretty much celebrating it on our Insider website. 

Also, there's Book People but it's not a huge competitor since there isn't one very close to our B N location. 




 Damn, I wish I knew. I've never heard of anything like that so I'm guessing not. I would love it if they did, though. I said in a previous answer that books that are required school readings are always the most popular. I'll also add that those horrifying Fifty Shades of Grey books are still really popular and its usually tired moms who come in and buy the whole trilogy. 




 We have a shelf of unreleased books that we can take home. I've read a few of them, honestly they haven't been my favorites. A few days ago someone left their payed copy of Flowers for Algernon at the check out counter and I read it during my shift and it was depressing at shit. 

So far, my best day at work was my first time working at the Customer Services desk because there was no one there who needed help so I pretty much spent the day hanging out with my friend at the children's section. My managers are super chill so they don't care if we just stand around and talk as long as there are no customers looking for help. So yeah, it would either be that day or this other time when it was storming and we were doing inventory so for the last two hours of my shift there were literally no customers so we went around the store taking pictures with the hand puppets. 
























 I remember watching this movie in preschool, so it's from 2001/2 or earlier. I vaguely remember it being the Muppets but I could be wrong. I think it had a monster in it and maybe also a princess kissing a frog for it to turn into a prince.  What I remember most is the evil character dying at the end and a crow flies out of her. Kind of morbid. I've been trying to find this movie for the longest time,  but can't. 




 I would say buy a Kindle. I know I'm supposed to pimp out Nooks but Kindles are so much better. I guess I'm not that worried about Amazon putting us out of business if I'm promoting their product. Eventually, B N will close because it just cannot compete with Amazon. But since this is only a part-time job I don't really care. 




 I always prefer paperback. Its cheaper and easier to read in bed. There definitely have been books that customers have come in looking for but they're so obscure that it doesn't even come up in the database. I can't think of any books that are banned from B N; I'm pretty sure we do sell State and Revolution, Communist Manifesto, etc. Actually, I think we are against banning books and have had a Banned Books Week where we promoted banned books. 




 Looked it up and apparently it's only one in Austin. Honestly thought it was a chain.  
























 Havanese, actually  




 I pooped in various places around my school. Got caught. 




 Captain Phillips. Didn't expect to like it so much. 




 I solved it myself! Took me a while, but I realized it may not have been a movie. In fact, it was a Muppets special called The Frog Prince. Can't believe it's taken me so long to find this, been searching for like two years.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9YMg6oBFHQ 
























 Both. I still have a bunch of Disney movies on VHS. I think teenagers as young as 15/16 would still have had experiences with cassettes and VHS. 




 Sadly no. Thank you though!  




 Aw,  shoot!  Really thought it was them for a bit,  but no :( 




 Unfortunately I tried TOMT already, no luck. Thanks though!  
























 Yeah, I didn't use cassettes as often as VHS. But I definitely had a few cassette tapes. One had a song called "15 Ways to Stay Out of Trouble." It was a fun song. 




 I got a job as a painfully shy 14-year-old at a pizza restaurant. Don't know why they hired me, I mean, I was 14 and quiet and I was even late to the interview.

My favorite place to work was at the front at the cash register, but after about a month of working I was almost always assigned to the backroom where I would spent 5-7 hours washing dishes. Just fucking terrible. But I was too shy and insecure to ask my manager if I could work the front more. Worked there for about six months before I couldn't take another shift washing their gross food off dishes alone in the backroom and I quit. 

I got another job at 16, and then again this year where I learned a lot about being confident in your work, being upfront with your managers, and how to make friends with coworkers. It was truly amazing to see how much I had grown since I got that god awful job when I was 14. 




 Still waiting for it as an 18 year old.... 




 My dog, if he counts as an item.  
























 Went to a wedding of an extremely religious couple. About halfway through the ceremony, the bride starts washing her husband's feet like Jesus did for the disciples. I have no idea what it had to do with getting married, but it was very uncomfortable watching a woman bent down scrubbing her almost-husband's feet in front of a silent crowd. 




 I'm bi. I'm haven't really come out to anyone, but kind of my mom. My father is extremely homophobic and I'm guessing he isn't okay with bisexuality either. 

I'm not planning on coming out to anyone I know unless I get a girlfriend who I'm serious about. I don't know how my friends would react and pretty much my entire family is very conservative. However, when I make new friends I'm pretty open about my sexuality.  




 Minnesota: Has beautiful lakes and a great place to raise a family (very safe, good schools).

Minnesota: Terribly cold, long winters. And it's boring.  




 Beautiful pictures! It's sometimes easy to forget how amazing some areas in the US are. 


































 Is it a common thing to do? I had never heard of it before going to that wedding. And yeah, it was only the bride who did it to the groom. 




 I'm a cold-hearted bitch who rarely cries at anything, but the one movie that gets me *every single fucking time* is Awakenings. When the patients revert back to their catatonic states, I lose it.  
























 Oh man...I found a picture of it on the photographer's website. It's even worse than I remembered. She even put his shoes back on for him and tied them. 




 My mom used to be Seventh Day Adventist. They're kind of like the Jews for Jesus people, right? She eventually switched to just being a Jew. 




 In this wedding, it was like a surprise for the husband. Like, the dude didn't know what was going on when his wife got a chair for him and took out a tub of water and started washing his feet. But yeah, it did mean a lot to them. It was still weird though. 




 Yes. 




 I thought so, but I really know nothing about any of that. 
























