 ohh nnnoooo 




 Awesome.

Superman's origin seems to be very much like Birthright also. Birthright and All Star are by far the best Superman stories I've ever read so I'm certainly excited. 




 It's crotchtastic  




 That Jurassic Park one is definitely not true  




 I'm not really familiar with Leos Carax and I haven't seen Holy Motors, but is that the same sewer monster man from Tokyo? Is this film somehow related? 




 Most of the screenshots have made the map look huge and expansive and dense and detailed.

This one does not. 




 The guy from Live Free or Die Hard, Sunshine and Colombiana is Cliff Curtis and he was absolutely not in Star Trek. The guy from Iron Man and Star Trek is Faran Tahir and he looks nothing like him. 




 I definitely don't think Miley is anywhere near the hottest girl in the world, but her new short haircut is pretty damn hot  




 Just a HD re release of Destroy All Humans 1 on the Destroy All Humans 3 engine would be worth a purchase.

2 and 3 were pretty terrible. But I loved 1 so much and stll play it today, and one of the best aspects was the awesome campy 50s setting and atmosphere. But 3 had a really cool next gen physics engine and way more advanced TK and flying saucer abilities. Plus more destructibility.  




 If by giant black cock you mean [this guy](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0006535/) then sure 




 It always looks awkward when a dude tucks his fancy dress shirt into cheap ugly jeans 




 That was such a dumb scene. Does Alfred just google Bane and get all this info on the secretive League of Shadows and Bane's past and everything  




 Do people really jerk off into socks? Why the hell would anyone do that...  




 That was hilarious  




 Fuck yeah Action Hank 




 Is that Juliette Lewis? 




 That chick is hot 




 Is this from something? Because its hilarious. 




 That's the one thing I didn't like about it. Otherwise it was a really fantastic fun action movie. But once it started going down *that* path in the third act it felt a little off. It kinda cheapened what was supposed to be the most emotional and important part of the movie. Also I thought the cameo towards the end was dumb.

But pretty much if you liked the first you'll like this. Fun and cool and fast paced and funny and with a surprisingly interesting and unpredictable story. A little bit darker and more serious, but nothing drastic. Maybe not quite as good as the first one, but its definitely worth seeing. I really really liked it. 




 I am Australian and I have never seen of heard of this thing before. That's crazy 




 What's up with that guy's cheeky exposed nipple 




 Adaptation is definitely my favorite Nicolas Cage film, and one of my all time favorite films altogether. That would have been a perfect example. Or Leaving Las Vegas or Matchstick Men or Raising Arizona or Lord of War or Bringing Out The Dead or The Weather Man or even The Rock if you wanna get silly-but-still awesome.

Nicolas Cage was brilliant back in the day, but 8mm is just not at all very good. 




 There are so many absolutely fantastic Nicolas Cage movies. The man even has an Academy Award. And to make a point about all his movies being not silly you choose a cheesy over the top Joel Schumacher movie that is universally thought to be pretty silly. 

*Kill them, Machine! Kill them all!* 




 Jeez, textures look rough as hell 




 Looks a lot more like Shaun than Fuzz

I am excited as hell. Shaun and Fuzz are two of my all time favorite movies and I never get sick of watching them over and over again. Edgar, Simon and Nick know how to pull off some of the most fun and fast paced, and yet incredibly intelligent and well crafted comedies you're gonna find today.

Honestly, in my opinion, this trilogy might even be revered years from now along with other brilliant cult comedies like Big Lebowsky, Airplane and Dr Strangelove.

EDIT: I hope Bill Nighy has a cameo 




 LOL NARWHAL BACONS AT MIDNIGHT 




 The Jim Lee was is pretty meh  




 Brad Bird made an amazing film I really hope he returns, but I heard something about Christopher McQuarrie, the director of Jack Reacher and Way of the Gun, directing this one.  




 Rebel of the Caboose would be a great title for the eventual porn parody  




 That opening paragraph did not make you out to be much of a sympathetic protagonist  




 I heard 3x bigger in terms of landmass, 5x if you include underwater and interiors 




 Those weird girls from middle school 




 So many new features and so much new content. I was not expecting this. Surely they're going to port this over to next gen? The next consoles come out like 2 months after this game is released, it'd be crazy to not have a simple ported version playable on them. 




 Thanks! 




 Yeah I understand real dinosaurs had feathers, but these are Jurassic Park specific dinosaurs, so I love that they're sticking to the classic design. It doesn't take much more than a quick throwaway line to explain it away through genetic engineering or whatever.
I mean in real life raptors were like 4 feet tall, and I don't think anyone wants that.  




 No feathers. #JP4 - @colintrevorrow Twitter

https://twitter.com/colintrevorrow 

Bah, sorry, I don't know how to link to a specific tweet 




 Should have been played by Michael Ironside 




 The director already confirmed no feathers  




 Except the Wolverine character in the movies is not short at all. Wolverine in the comics is short. Wolverine in the movies is the exact same height as Hugh Jackman. In no other Xmen or Wolverine movies including this one has he been short. He is always just as tall, even taller, than all the other characters.  




  *Punches television*  




 Weird. I loved the documentary series, but this really doesn't look like its presented in a documentary format at all. So it's like a normal movie about a dinosaur without any dialogue or anything?  




 Wow that is sad. Even the dog leaves. 




 BioShock Infinite came out recently and is one of the best games I've played in years 




 In the actual film the title is spelled out like that. 

IRON MAN THREE

It looks weird.  




 I fucking love it 




 I don't think any GTA has ever had a song appear in a trailer and not in the final game  




 Well that looks ridiculously awesome  




 Did you go to one of the screenings? 




 Yeah the idea is really cool, but the boat seemed way too small and light. 




 I'm pretty sure Guillermo said that the voice was using 100% the same computery filter effects in the first trailer, and that the voice in this trailer, which is still very similar, will be the once in the film 




 I thought NPH and Bruce Greenwood were spot on for their roles, and DiMaggio was a really fantastic and different take on Joker, it was great to see that he didn't just try to copy Mark Hamill like so many people do. But I thought Jensen Ackles was pretty weak. 




 It's totally a valid excuse, but not when you're trying to get people to give you thousands of dollars for your weight loss program. 




 :(  




 I'm guessing Martian Manhunter will be next. But I reeeeaally hope we better get either Animal Man or Swamp Thing. 




 GD 




 A couple of references to the incident in New York and the Avengers, Happy Hogan calls them the Super Friends, which was funny.
The Exxon oil company or whatever is mentioned. And of course Bruce Banner in the post credits sequence. Other than those little winks and nods this movie felt very separate from the rest of the Avengers universe. 




 I need an adult 




 I am up to here right now 




 Yeah that one stood out to me too. That was brutal. 




 nope 




 Stan Lee then says that he is anticipating the storyline that Palmiotti wrote for the game. Which is probably just a nice thing for Stan to say. He's a very busy man but I get the distinct impression he doesn't really read many comic books these days - Marvel, DC or otherwise - and is interested in other creative ventures, so I doubt he really has the time or desire to check out the in-game storyline here.

In the interview he did with Kevin Smith on Fatman on Batman he said he had never really read any DC comics at all 




 Yeah that's right. Whoopsie. Fixed 




 [spoiler](/s "Kinda obvious. I thought Gary Mitchel fit better and was a more interesting, less well known character, but Kahn is still pretty cool. I thought it might be a bit early in the new franchise to have that character show up,") but if the movie is great then it doesn't really matter who the villain ends up being. 




 I figure most people here have played the game with all the crazy posts about it recently, so I thought this would get an answer. I haven't bought it yet but I'm sure I'll get around to it eventually.

So I was wondering, what happens if you use Doomsday or Superman or Flash's super move while on the Watchtower map? The animation for those three supers definitely can only take place on the earth. Even Hawkgirl, Captain Marvel and Black Adam's super moves deal with the characters being below the clouds. Do the characters just magically teleport down to earth for the super move and then magically teleport back to the Watchtower to continue the fight? 














 So it seems that the Injustice: Gods Among Us roster is as follows:

Ares

Aquaman

Bane

Batman

Black Adam

Catwoman

Cyborg

Deathstroke

Doomsday

Flash

Green Arrow

Green Lantern

Harley Quinn

Hawkgirl

Joker

Killer Frost

Lex Luthor

Nightwing

Raven

Shazam

Sinestro

Solomon Grundy

Superman

Wonder Woman

That's 24 in total, and it appears there will be another 4 characters available as DLC with the season pass, which brings us to 28 characters. So if you could pick any 28 characters to be in Injustice, who would you have gone with?
 




 Since there's still no confirmed director for the next Bond film, I thought it might be fun if we just discussed who we'd like to see take over from Mendes.
Here are my top five choices, plus I think they're all fairly realistic.

1 - Martin Campbell

Directed two of the best bonds (in my opinion) and while it might be a safe or boring choice to bring him back, we'd be assured a great film. Plus his non-Bond films always end up being disasters anyway, so he might as well stick with subject matter he can pull off.

2 - Edward Zwick

Last Samurai, Blood Diamond, Defiance (with Daniel Craig) He just seems like exactly the kind of director who could make a great Bond film.

3 - Guy Ritchie

A lot of rumours are floating around about him taking over, and while it seems like a strange choice to me, the Sherlock Holmes filmed certainly showed that he's capable.

4 - Joe Wright

Another name that I've heard being mentioned a lot. I actually haven't seen anything of his besides Hannah, but I've heard good things.

5 - Matthew Vaughn

I'm not the biggest Vaughn fan in the world, but Layer Cake (with Daniel Craig) was pretty great, and the first half of Xmen First Class with all the Magneto revenge stuff is brilliant, and convinces me that he could potentially nail Bond.

EDIT

Bonus Director suggestion - David Yates

I wasn't super into Harry Potter, but the last couple movies looked incredible, and had some really impressive action sequences and some really cool and interesting directorial choices.

So what do you guys think? 

Who would you like to see take over Bond 24 and why?

(Other choices that would be too weird or unrealistic or unlikely, just for fun, would be David Fincher, Tomas Alfredson, Kenneth Branagh, Pierre Morel, Chan Wook Park, Niels Arden Oplev, Luc Besson, and of course, Christopher Nolan) 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BC_(video_game)

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POZEB-H_k_0

http://au.gamespot.com/bc/

BC was a video game under development by Lionhead Studios, but it was cancelled in 2004. I remember being so so incredibly excited for it as a kid, and I still haven't really gotten over it. It was going to be super huge and elaborate, super violent, really intelligent, but mostly really fun and over the top and a bit goofy.

Basically it was an open world RPG/action adventure game where you take control of a tribe of cavemen and have to fight dinosaurs, killer apes, sabretooth tigers, and other prehistoric monsters to ensure the survival and evolution of your species. Upgrade your caveman, craft new weapons and potions, learn magic, expand your campsite, manage your tribe, hunt for food or survival or fun.

Also dinosaurs, you guys. More games need dinosaurs.

Just imagining a game of this scale and awesomeness on the next generation of consoles and PCs makes me think they really need to get this project going again. No other game is like this, it's a totally new and original and exciting crazy fun sounding idea.
At best I can guess it'd be like a prehistoric Skyrim meets Turok meets FarCry 3, only campy and silly and super violent with dinosaurs and monsters, and most importantly, bright colours and a fun cartoony art design, like games used to be before they got all super serious and big budget.

I would donate half the organs in my body to bring this game back. 









 My sister is 14, and she's always been very smart and good at reading. She's read the typical teenage girl stuff, but nothing really outside what everyone else her age is reading, and she never read very often. But recently when the Hunger Games movie came out, I mentioned that it was very similar to Battle Royale.

She seemed really interested so I got out my copy and borrowed it to her. She read it super quick and seemed to really love it. So I gave her Enders Game, and she loved that too. So I started giving her some of my favourite books, and told her she can read anything on my bookshelf. (as long as she asks first)

Now she doesn't want to read the normal stuff her friends read or her teachers reccommend her, now she wants the next book by Vonnegut or Gaiman or Twain. She even came home from school one day and said her English teacher mentioned that they'd be reading Animal Farm the next year, and that the teacher was super impressed that she had already read through Animal Farm and 1984 several times. 

Now we can talk about awesome literature and we have even more in common. I feel like we've bonded closer as friends now and we always have something interesting to talk about. This is the first time I've gotten anyone into reading and I guess I'm just super proud. Thought I'd share. :)  




 So I've watched both these movies recently, for the thousandth time, and I just realized some weird similarities between the plots and events of both movies, and I was wondering if anyone else noticed this or maybe knew if it was intentional or anything.

Not only do the plots of both films involve a dysfunctional (to say the least) family being forced to live together in a remote building for extended periods of time with little contact with the outside world, but both films also have a climax at the end where the child in said dysfunctional family is chased through a maze by their murderous father.

Not only that, but both films remain relatively ambiguous as to whether or not the supernatural elements of the story are actually occurring, or are just the result of the main character's deteriorating mental state, with the exception of a scene in both films at the start of the final act where the supernatural beings help the main character escape from an otherwise inescapable imprisonment. (Jack is freed from the pantry by Grady, Ofelia is freed from her bedroom by the Faun)

So what do you guys think? Coincidence? Intentional parallel? Bit of a reach? Do you guys know of any other films with oddly similar elements? 




 When the New 52 started, Animal Man and Swamp thing were my favorite titles. They were so unique and weird and dark and well written and funny and fucked up. Both their first arcs were absolutely incredible and they quickly became my favorite current comics. Snyder and Lemire are definitely among the best writers working in comics today, and I have no problem at all with long story arcs. But then the lead up to Rotworld started and both titles seemed to just be spinning their wheels. Especially Animal Man. I love both characters, and I love the Rot, and the characters were great on their own in the normal world, but it hasn't been grabbing me like it used to. And now that Rotworld is underway I'm not really into it at all. Plus now Snyder is leaving Swamp Thing so I'm even less enthused. I really hope Lemire and whoever takes over after Snyder have some awesome unique stand alone stories because this whole crossover event has felt really drawn out and disappointing to me. 









 I've watched a couple videos and I think the game looks awesome, but I've never played any XCom games before, or any turn based strategies before. I've played some RTSs casually and enjoyed them, but I'm no expert.
Will this game still be fun for someone who enjoys aliens and strategic battles, or will I be overwhelmed and destroyed like a caucasian StarCraft 2 player? 




 I watched the movie on tv while cooking dinner, so I feel like I maybe missed something. I absolutely loved the movie, and I thought the shot of Kong riding the nuke down would have been a perfect final shot before the nuclear explosion montage. But what was the point of the final scene where Strangelove freaks out and stands up? I totally got and loved the conversation they were having about basically restarting the arms race in a hundred years after the apocalypse, very funny and poignant, but what was happening to Strangelove? What was the Russian guy doing with that clock thing? Why end the movie there on that final line? What does it mean? Or is it just a funny line to go out on with no significance? I feel like I missed something and probably need to watch it again. 
Also I wish that alternate pie fight ending was kept. That sounds brilliant. 




 I've started collecting Batman figurines, and so far I've got a Darkest Night Batman, a 70s Justice League Batman, an Arkham City Batman, a Batman Inc Batman, and a New 52 Batman. However, when it comes to a Dark Knight/Dark Knight Rises design, every figure I can find is 6 or 12 inches, whereas all the other figures I have, as well as everything else on DC Direct, are 6.75 inches. 
I bought a 6 inch Dark Knight Batman but it looks too small and silly next to the others. Does anyone know where I can get a good quality 6.75 inch figurine? 














 I'm looking for a cool book about aliens or an alien invasion or some sort of sci fi paranoia thriller type stuff.

I'm really sick of alien invasions and apocalyptic scenarios and anything big like that. The first acts of alien stories are always my favourite. Where it's just mysterious sightings and media hysteria and paranoia and suspense and all that jazz.

If anyone knows of some more slow-burning alien sci-fi books, that are less about alien invasions and more about the mystery and conspiracies and suspense, and most importantly, if you know of any books that can really give you something to think about, I'd love to hear about them!

Thanks, guys 




 I really want to try to tackle his massively convoluted epic of insanity, but there's just so many TPBs to track down. Plus, I heard that it'd all be coming to a conclusion sometime in the near future when Batman Inc finishes.

Has there been any word of a big clean collection of everything? 




 Grant Morrison and Barry Sonnenfeld have been hyping this thing up like crazy, and it looks like a nice fun bit of insanity, so I picked it up today.

Did anyone else know that this was not at all a complete story? I paid 20 bucks for this graphic novel, and it's 3 or 4 chapters, basically an introductory first act, and the Dinosaurs and Aliens don't even fight.
The book was actually pretty cool. Nothing special, but a lot better than the silly premise would make it seem. I was actually really getting into it and enjoying where the story seemed to be going, and I was looking forward to exploring the crazy Dinosaur culture as well as the complex 'villain' aliens. But then it just suddenly ends before anything happens.  

I'm assuming there must be more books coming, but for 20 bucks I was really expecting that I'd actually get the full story, not just the first act. Especially since that it didn't say Part 1 or anything on it and it wasn't advertised as being an incomplete novel. I can't find anything about when, or even if there's more coming.

Maybe I missed something or I'm just dumb. 




 I love gangster films, and especially Scorsese films, but I have a really big interest in Japanese Yakuza and Chinese Triads.
Are there any really fantastic films based around these gangs that you guys could recommend?
Preferably more 'modern' films would be great.

Thanks! 




 I don't know much about what happens 'behind the scenes' of comicbooks, so forgive me if this has been answered already or is kinda already common knowledge or something.
Animal Man is probably my favorite book in the new 52, and one of the best books currently on the stands, and a part of what makes it great is the super surreal fucked up art by Travel Foreman.
But the last couple issues it seems that the art has changed every couple of pages, as if another artist is taking over at random points. What is the significance of this? 




 I've been meaning to read through the 'Demon' trilogy I've heard so much about, but I'm not sure which books are officially part of the trilogy and in which order I should read them. According to Amazon there's Birth of the Demon, Bride of the Demon, Son of the Demon but then also Tales of the Demon.
Can someone help me out? 




 I thought I had found one on Amazon, but when it arrived it had the new grey coloring. I'd happily buy a second hand one if such a thing is for sale anywhere. 
Thanks in advance! 




 I thought I had found one on Amazon, but when it arrived it had the new grey coloring. I'd happily buy a second hand one if such a thing is for sale anywhere. 
Thanks in advance! 



















 Show us your weird animal friends! 




 Oh Jesus Christ I feel so empty now. We've been together for two years. She was the only thing in the world that mattered to me and she made me so happy and I loved her so fucking much. I have nothing now. I can't stop weeping. 




 But when Bane's men are hanging down from their plane and blowing the tail off the smaller plane and whatnot, wouldn't they be flying behind the speeding aircraft like a couple of weightless plane banners, instead of easily hanging straight down like they were repelling from a hovering helicopter or something? 









 I don't know a whole lot about comics, so forgive me if there is an obvious loophole here.
But if Animal Man and Superman were in a fight for some reason, could Animal Man simply adopt Superman's powers to fight him? He can adopt the powers of pretty much any creature alive or dead, and I remember he even adopted Bwana Beast's powers that one time. Couldn't he just start taking powers from Superman and Flash and Captain Marvel and Aquaman and other heroes instead of just animals?

What is the limit to Animal Man's amazing and underappreciated power? 









 It is insanely packed with things to do and unlock and side missions and activities and cameos and oh my god I can't take it I'm so overwhelmed it's so glorious 














 I've only ever bought graphic novels and trade paperbacks from my local comic store, but now seems like as good a time as any to start buying comics monthly now that DC has rebooted, so I was wondering what you guys use to read your comics digitally. 

An IPad is way out of my price range, but I was thinking a Nook or a Pandigital Novel would be a good choice. Do I have to download a DC app to download comics or is there a website I should use? What about other more obscure comics from other brands? Can I subscribe to titles I like? I've never bought eBooks or used a tablet so I have no idea how they work.

Thanks in advance, guys! 




 I was looking for a cool noir-style Elseworlds tale, and I stumbled across these two titles. 

I don't have a lot of comic stores where I live, so pretty much the only chance I have of reading these is to just order them online, but I'm wondering if anyone here had read them and which one you guys thought was better?
They both sound sorta similar. 

[Gotham Noir](http://dc.wikia.com/wiki/Batman:_Gotham_Noir) stars Gordon as an alcoholic detective and was written by Ed Brubaker, and [Nine Lives](http://dc.wikia.com/wiki/Batman:_Nine_Lives) stars Dick Grayson as a PI and was featured on IGN's list of the best Batman graphic novels. Anyone have any opinions on which one makes for a better read? 









 I've been a Batman fan for only a couple of years, but I think I've started a fairly cool little collection of around ten or so graphic novels. 
Today I purchased Black and White volumes 1, 2  amp; 3, I also have Year One, Dark Knight Returns, Hush, The Long Halloween, Dark Victory, The Killing Joke and Gotham by Gaslight.
As much bigger Batman fans than myself, what other great trade paperbacks/graphic novels do you guys recommend I check out?
If you could give me a little info on the titles you think I should read so I know what they're like that'd be fantastic.
I hear Grant Morrison has done some really good stuff with Batman, but I'm looking for mostly self contained stories.

Thanks in advance! 




 And why?
Would you choose the voice of Freddie Mercury, the guitar skills of Hendrix and the songwriting skills of Springsteen and become a rock god?
Or would you choose the creative minds of Einstein, Tesla and Galileo and become a brilliant mad scientist so as to take over the world?
Or would you take the witty word-wrangling skills of Douglas Adams, the Piano skills of Beethoven, and the voice of Isaiah Mustafa and just become everyone's favorite drinking buddy?
You can choose any random combination of people from history, living or dead. 









 Apparently he was being a bad influence on the children as that music goes against Christian values. Australian school system, I am dissapoint.

It wasn't even Highway To Hell. He was teaching them to play Back In Black. Parents complained. He got fired. 









 Hey Reddit.
I'm kinda new here. I haven't made a whole lot of posts or anything on Reddit before, I've just been browsing and enjoying the website for a little while, so I don't really know how these things work, but I thought maybe you guys could help me out with something.

My friend sent me a message today saying that her aerobics coach has been diagnosed with cancer and is bedridden and refusing to let people come see her. So my friend has decided to start sending her funny YouTube videos to cheer her up, and was wondering if I could help. I've sent a few, but I thought you guys would have tonnes of hilarious videos up your sleeves. So if you guys could maybe post the funniest YouTube videos you know of, I could link my friend to this post and she'd have tonnes of videos to send to her coach.

I have no idea what exactly this person finds funny or what kind of videos she likes or anything, nor do I know what kind of cancer she has, but I can fill you guys in once my friend replies to me. In the meanwhile, if you guys could just post me some funny videos I'd bee incredibly grateful.

Thanks! 





























 I'm sure this film won't be a rushed poorly planned mess at all 




 I'm not a Kristen Wiig hater, but she looks really lame in this. A female doppelganger version of a male character is such a tired unfunny cliche. I thought the trailer was pretty funny and made the movie look promising, but that part made me groan. I hope it's a small part. 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nikQY7Q_lj4 




 I'm still not sold on Aaron Taylor Johnson. The rest of the cast is absolutely brilliant but I've never really liked Johnson.  




 I think that's supposed to be Las Vegas 




 We Australians really don't have any big international pop culture icons at all. But Mad Max was different. Mad Max was revolutionary, and has gone down in pop culture history. All current post apocalyptic fiction is based in some way on Mad Max. 

Mad Max was our culture's biggest contribution to the larger pop culture universe. And to just ignore a huge part of the character and fiction is just so pointless and silly. Why take away such an important aspect of Mad Max to just make him a typical gravelly voiced American protagonist? 

Mad Max was one of the biggest, if not the most important, pop culture icon we had, it's kind of offensive to try to mess that up.  




 He means he's keeping his old console as opposed to trading them in/selling them when he gets a PS4 or XBone 




 I know this probably will never happen, but as someone who never had a PS3 and who lives in an area with shitty internet where Gaikai probably won't ever be practical, and also being kinda OC about my games looking nice on my shelf, this would be a dream. 



















 Don't ever stop posting stuff  




 But Steven Spielberg didn't direct Skyfa.... oohhhhh 




 Never even heard of Raiju or Scunner before. Do we have a name for the flying Kaiju? It didn't appear here. 




 Dismantled a speeding train killing Ras. Drove his tumbler head first into a garbage truck killing the driver. Tackled Harvey off a ledge, killing him. Fired his bat plane machine guns into the cabin of a truck, killing Talia and the driver. Plus he ordered a bunch of hardly armed cops to run into a barricade of heavily armed mercenaries while he was safe in his jet, as opposed to taking his jet straight to the bomb with the anti-blow up device he gave to elderly Gordon to take care of. He also exploded an entire cliff side castle, killing the fake Ras and who knows how many other ninjas.  




 Superman has the same no kill rule. Batman killed like ten people throughout the Nolan trilogy. 




 Whoa thanks. It really does sound like a fun concept. I really hope it lives up to the potential. 




 Hmmm. That seems kinda generic and disappointing. 

I was never super keen on the idea of the hand to hand combat. The car battles and open world wasteland were what were appealing to me. Did the car battle seem over the top and fun and disregarding the laws of physics like Just Cause? Did it seem like you could have done lots of crazy stuff during the car battle, and that the player has lots of control over the shooting and harpooning, or was it fairly scripted?

I heard a dev say the map was as big as Just Cause 2 and filled with side missions and random encounters and stuff to do, so maybe there might still be some potential when the game is further along.

Super bummed about there not being any Australian accents though. I'm still really interested in the game but it seems a lot less impressive than I was hoping. 




 Chopper is up there too 




 I'm super interested in this game, and I'm surprised not more people on Reddit are as well. It sounds fantastic and fun, an open world post apocalyptic action game in the Mad Max universe from the creators of Just Cause. Apparently there's a demo people have seen, but I'm finding it really hard to find anything about it.

My most important question is are the characters Australian or not

We Australians don't have a lot of internationally known pop culture icons, so it'd be a shame if Max became another gravelly voiced American.

EDIT: Just noticed in the trailer that Max gets out of the right side of his car, not the left, that could be a good sign that this game is set in Australia, despite the American accent of the dude on the ground. 




 Once my old man saved up and bought a real nice car. It was a Holden Monaro, the nicest bloody car he had ever owned. In fact the only car he had ever owned that wasn't a banged up old ute. He had a DVD player put in the dash, and that night me and him sat in the carport in his Monaro and watched The Castle together. We couldn't have food or drink in the car but the seats were very comfy and reclined a fair bit. It was fantastic. I will always have fond memories of this movie because of that. 




 That is so awesome. Looks very Alex Ross-ish 




 Characters better be Australian 




 Really interested in seeing some stuff for Wolfenstein and the Evil Within 




 This new Joker designs reminds me of Lee Bermejo's Joker. I like it. 




 Well they made a point of saying all the cops that were chasing them were the corrupt cops on the villain's payroll. I dunno how they could have confirmed that information but that's how the movie justified it.
Plus there was a lot of destruction but we didn't see any civillians getting crushed by the safe. Just a lobby and a bunch of parked cars. 




 I hope it looks a bit more polished by launch 




 Oh wow, I didn't realize how advanced the Eye was. I thought it was just a tracker thing for the lightpad in the controller. It's pretty much a Kinect. That's cool. 




 Textures look rough 




 Rabbit eared cop? How about a dog nosed cop? 




 Fast   Furious 7 will surely be ten times as ridiculously awesome 




 They said that online multiplayer requires PS+, but that all disc based games would not require online in any way. 




 No, online multiplayer requires Playstation Plus. It says it right there in this video. It was also on the big screen during the presentation. 




 The script was all Goyer. Nolan's name is just there for marketing. 




 The David Fincher one would be freakin perfect  




 I think he's way better than Nolan North 




 This poster has certainly peaked my interest for this film. Do we have a trailer? 




 I dunno, the first half of that trailer seemed way too cartoonish  




 Incest 9/11 rape black people 




 Apparently there's a smaller rural airport in the north east of the map, and also a military base, which may or may not have an airstrip for jets.  




 As a half English half Australian guy I am okay with this 




 For me the Wilhelm scream only works when it's in an appropriate movie, and it seems to just suit "adventure" movies. Indiana Jones, Star Wars, The Mummy, Star Trek, Jurassic Park, Pirates of the Caribbean, and old school western style movies. The Wilhelm scream would feel fine and at home in any of those kinds of movies. Hearing it in a horror movie or serious action movie is weird to me.  




 How much would figures like this cost? 




 I am confused by its arms  




 It was pretty much all plot set up and character introductions, and I was shocked that the monster was revealed so quickly with no real scary build up or anything, but what they're setting up seems cool and has lots of potential. Plus its only issue one, and it seemed like a really short issue one at that. Can't really judge it yet. Snyder is one of my favorite writers and I trust he has some crazy shit up his sleeve, so ill definitely be reading the whole thing. 




 I'm pretty sure we've seen that gun Michael is using before, but without the sight on it. I am so excited for customization.  




 I don't know if anyone has heard of the game BC, but I was so insanely hyped for it several years ago. It was an open world caveman and dinosaurs RPG, and it was my dream game. It looked brilliantly fun and over the top and stylized and everything my young dinosaur-obsessed mind wanted from a game. But then it never came out, and it broke my heart. I've never really gotten over it.

But now this game comes along. I don't want to get too excited because it's clearly not the same and I have to be realistic in my expectations, but my god am I ever pumped for this.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BC_(video_game)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POZEB-H_k_0
http://au.gamespot.com/bc/ 




 Joaquin Phoenix, Benicio Del Toro, Reese Witherspoon, Owen Wilson, Jena Malone, Martin Short and Sean Penn

Now Josh Brolin.

What an amazing cast. I so badly need Hoffman to be the final cherry on top. There's even a character in the book he'd be perfect for.  




 That it won't eventually come out on next gen consoles. This game looks perfect to me, aside from the small graphical/technical issues that come with the game being a bit too ambitious for current gen. Things like rough textures, anti aliasing, frame rate drops and pop in are all something that we have to deal with in current gen open world games, and even though they don't ruin the game, it's a shame that it comes out so close to the release of a console that would fix those issues.

Plus I'm not sure how well they can plan to continue supporting the game with DLC and mutliplayer if everyone's off playing the new consoles. 




 I really doubt Rockstar would go that silly with it 




 Alright that sounds pretty cool  




 How would Batman survive traveling at Flash speeds? 

Also the art in this series seems to be on a steady downward trajectory...  




 What? I know. And I said I didn't miss it. 




 That happens like 4 times in the first movie  




 As much as the whole underwater thing is really cool, I can't actually imagine going down there too often, and I'd rather have that extra space go to a more dense detailed city and extra content. I didn't miss going underwater at all in GTA IV.  




 I remembering loving this game and thinking it was the coolest thing back in the day. 

I went back and replayed it a couple months ago.

It uh... wasn't great 




 Yusuf was by far my favourite character from GTA 4 and the episodes 




 Jekyll and Hide. It's okay. Has some really cool Two Face backstory, but tries way too hard to be dark and gritty and just ends up kinda silly, like this picture. 
Jekyll and Hide also features that scene that's been posted around of Batman kicking someone in the head while they eat ice cream. 




 I'm hoping that's a hologram or vision of his father and not the real thing. Superman speaks with his father through computer holograms/visions/in the afterlife lots of times before as we have seen, so that'd be fine, but surely they wouldn't change the mythos to make him alive, and then spoil it in a trailer 




 I play original Xbox games on my 360 just as much as I play 360 games.
Burnout 3, Destroy All Humans, Vice City, San Andreas, Psychonauts... 




 I think this is pretty spot on, but I feel like the land area at the top of the map will be a little bigger than it is here. 




 I don't know enough to decide if this is more accurate or not, but it seems that this one makes Los Santos seem a little bigger, so I like this one. 




 Most Wanted gameplay with Underground level customization will make me buy it 




 I knew the city wouldn't be HUGE, and that the map is mostly countryside and whatnot, but this is still smaller than I was expecting.  




 RDR and Max Payne had similar stuff  




 RDR had an indestructible horse and a 25% faster dead eye recharge as preorder incentives  




 Wait, did they just accidentally reveal some of the map 




 Your wife makes you sleep on the couch?

Hahaha  




 Aw man, I actually don't think I'd be able to handle a game where I could potentially get all my adorable baby badgers killed if I fuck up 




 Burnout 3! My favourite racing game of all time.

Burnout 2, Burnout Revenge and Burnout Paradise are also pretty great. 




 Wasn't the first poster for this film just a list of all the names of the pubs 




 I hope a lot of people switch over to the PS4. Not because I'm a fanboy or hate Microsoft or anything, it'll just be nice to have more friends to play the PlayStation with. 




 Whoa, we're starting to get some pretty major looking spoilers in these clips and trailers now 




 Wait... Robots?

I thought it was going to be more body snatcher alien type stuff. That's... strange.

I'm sure it'll still be great. 




 I get my posters from this site. Never had any problems  




 Do we know if Sony is doing a similar thing?
I'm assuming their games will be also installing to the Hard Drive. Maybe the disc itself will act as the game ownership license? Like you still install the game, but you can't play it without simply having the disc in the machine, as opposed to an online pass or key code thing. That would certainly solve the problem and make it act basically the same as physical disc games do now. 




 Does anyone know how Sony is handling this stuff? I'm assuming their games will be also installing to the Hard Drive. 
Maybe the disc itself will act as the game ownership license? Like you still install the game, but you can't play it without simply having the disc in the machine, as opposed to an online pass or key code thing. That would certainly solve the problem and make it act basically the same as physical disc games do now. 




 Agreed. It's totally a cool idea I guess, but it's not really necessary and I hope they don't spend the entire second act trying to form/repair a relationship and overcome each other's inner demons or traumatic memories. That could get way too cheesy, even for a movie as intentionally cheesy as this. 




 I'm more excited for a JJ Abrams directed Star Trek 3 than a JJ Abrams directed Star Wars 7.

His new Star Trek films are solid fun entertainment. The Star Wars franchise has been a mess for too long for me to be interested in more films 




 They don't look anything alike 














 It's purposefully cheesy though, if that makes it any better  




 Fuck you Sam was a hero  




 Meh, I didn't really like show nearly as much  




 Wank means masturbate. A wanker would be the UK/Australian equivalent of a jerk-off  




 Are the action sequences long?

Do we get to see a lot of Kaiju destroying cities and people in the ground running action or is it all Kaiju fighting Jaegers?

How's Ron Perlman?

Is it funny?

How many action set pieces are there? I've heard the big finale takes place in Hong Kong, and that's what's mostly been shown in the trailers, and then the opening action scene takes place in San Francisco. Is this accurate? Are there any more? Is there a big fight in Sydney like in the poster? 




 I always thought Incinerate was so much cooler than Devils Kiss 




 As much as the whole underwater thing is really cool, I can't actually imagine going down there too often, and I'd rather have that extra space go to a more dense detailed city and extra content. I didn't miss going underwater at all in GTA IV.  




 I've heard that the actual city of Los Santos itself is not that much bigger than GTA IV, if at all, but with all the countryside, mountains, Blaine county, underwater areas and rural towns, it adds up to 5 times the size of RDR. 3.5 times not including underwater areas. 




 That seems strange, since Pacific Rim, another film about a war against giant Kaiju monsters, also being released by Legendary Pictures, also contains a scene in which San Fran is destroyed. 




 All I want is free roam and some sort of heist mode like in Kane and Lynch 




 The only thing I'm not keen on is the weird monster design 




 This is blowing my mind 




 Obviously Kavinsky has his own radio station, so we got our awesome techno electro stuff there.

A country station is confirmed, as is a classic rock station.

I think we can assume there'll be at least one hip hop station. Maybe a classics and a newer station.

And even thought R* hasn't mentioned it Lazlow will surely return for his talk show.

News shows will surely be back as they were in GTA 4.

Radio Gaga is in there, that might be on the classic rock station. But, hopefully, the classic rock station will be a bit more 'rock'ish and Radio Gaga will be appearing on a Vice City FM type station.

There were a lot of unreleased songs for a Metal station in Lost and Damned, so hopefully we'll get some of those here.

I know R* doesn't like to repeat songs (at least to my knowledge) but I hope Free Bird shows up again.
 




 Yeah in the seconds leading up the the fence 'mystery' while the narrator is trying to sound all creepy you can clearly see the timestamp jumping around. 




 It'll end with him realizing he's fucked everything up and then going back in time to when he first met the girl and he won't use his time travel powers again, he'll just do things naturally and awkwardly and hope it all works out.

I know it. 




 Gay Tony added some really cool stuff to the radio. Primarily Vice City radio. 




 Yeah I didn't love that one  




 I don't know why you're being down voted. This is accurate. Plus at the end the entire League of Shadows is in Gotham, apparently infiltrating the police force and government, they all know Batman's identity, then at the end Batman kills Ducard and is like "Wellp, that should do it, problem solved!"

I love Batman Begins and Dark Knight, but they both have some significant holes. 




 Aw man I loved that movie. I better not ever watch it again. As I remember its basically Avatar anyway. Which I hated. 




 I thought that scene, the big 'game trail' scene with the motorbikes and jeeps, and the San Diego scene were pretty cool. The rest of the movie as a whole is just terrible. 




 It might be cool to hate on Loeb these days but he used to write some insanely good stories. Long Halloween is my favorite Batman book and its incredibly important and well received as one of the best Batman stories in the character's history. 




 Semi trailers appeared in the second trailer

http://media.gtanet.com/gallery/gta-5-trailer-two/trailer2_012.jpg 




 Meh. That felt like Burnout 3.5, and the fact that you could smash into traffic from behind and not take damage was silly and ruined the thread-the-needle fast reflexes strategy that made those games so fun. 




 Were these made by random people after reading all the recent interviews, or were these made by people who actually saw the game and saw exactly what it looked like? 




 Whoa  




 Wait I thought this guy was in space 




 This isn't Tim   Eric esque, this is just Australia 
























 It's certainly a cool and interesting premise 




 This is baffling  




 The Lovely Bone 




 She should have saluted the flag instead 




 Wasn't it thermite? They've used that on Mythbusters a couple times. 




 There are not enough videos of these sorts of cuckolding threesomes around  




 I'd be super bummed if this movie had an anti-nuclear power message 









 Neonomicon was pretty terrible 




 The expression on the skeleton makes me laugh every time. It looks like it someone surprised him with an engagement ring. 




 Doesnt look like it, but that's based on that bit of blurry dark low quality footage. 




 The planet isn't rising. The apes are. Also having "of the" appear twice in a title makes it super long and awkward.  




 Will he have time to be in Fast 7?
 




 He's clearly not wearing a mask until he gets picked up and he's wearing the very same clown make up they talk about seconds later. Unless they were all wearing blindfolds while driving or didn't even glance out the window for a split second to see the guy they're supposed to be picking up, there's no way they wouldn't have seen him as they drive up and stop next to him. 




 How did no one, including the dudes who picked him up, notice that he was the Joker? 




 My two dream Godzilla games would be a fighting game like Destroy All Monsters, but with next gen graphics and physics and all that jazz,

or

A Battlefield style game where a group of people play as soldiers in a destructible city, and one player plays as Godzilla trying to cause as much destruction as possible. 




 The movie is still almost a year away. I really think they should have released that first teaser by now, even if it was just a mood piece made before filming began, but I would expect the proper trailer to drop towards the end of the year. 




 This looks perfect. It moves and is shaped like a classic man in a suit. But bigger and scarier and more animalistic. Plus the design looks like the awesome 80s/90s design, with a bit more of a scaly dangerous dinosaur look like the 2000 design.  




 It's actually the largest Godzilla on film ever  




 It really looks like a suit 




 Sounds more like Ted to me  




 Final Wars was part of the Millenium series, even though it was mostly a love letter to the Showa series. People are already referring to the new Godzilla as "Legendary" Godzilla so chances are that name will stick.

Also it's not a suit anymore 




 That's actually pretty cool 




 Final Wars would have been so much better if the fight scenes lasted more than a minute or two 




 What about the reveal of the new Bandai figurine?  




 That's because this movie has been in and out of production for like ten years 




 This picture is very old 




 I agree. I know we all just want to see Godzilla fight monsters, but everyone knows that the best Godzilla movies are for the most part just about humans vs Godzilla. Except the 1998 American version of course but that's for a whole bunch of other reasons.

Plus we already saw massive monster fights in Pacific Rim. Seeing people getting reports of Godzilla encounters out in the ocean or on islands, slowly discovering that this mind blowing beast somehow exists and the ramifications of such a thing, and then seeing it destroy human civilization while soldiers try hopelessly to hold him back would be awesome and scary and intense and something we've never seen done properly before. Once he gets to fighting other monsters it gets a bit more fun and silly. I kinda wish they had saved the other monsters for the sequels. 




 Well it's produced by Seth MacFarlane, who is very very much an atheist, so I think we'll be fine 




 I remember being addicted to this movie as a teenager. Me and all my friends were getting our first cars and driving together out in the country, so this was like super intense at the time. It probably doesn't hold up nearly as well now but I thought it was funny and creepy and creative and scary and awesome back then. Plus Steve Zahn is always great. 




 360, but only because all my friends have Xbox. I'm switching to PS4 this Christmas and hopefully we'll get a PS4 version in the near future.  




 Way to show everyone how big and tough you are by almost getting all your friends killed 




 Does cringe count when it's intentional?

I mean it's 5sf. Also, Comic Sans. 




 The Rock. He looks like a strong sassy Latino woman. 




 Again, this is just one of many concept designs. The actual design to be used in the film has not been revealed. 




 That's the Godzilla 2000 design. The new one hasn't been revealed yet. 




 That would be pretty awesome  




 I hate the Transformers films so very very much, but the third film has a falling skyscraper sequence and a wing suit sequence that both blew me away.

Also towards the start of Dreamcatcher where they find the sick dude in the woods and he gets worse and worse and eventually dies and some mysterious creature is birthed into the toilet was super creepy and atmospheric and made me think the rest of the movie might be great. It wasn't.  




 That's just a concept design. The final hasn't been revealed yet.  




 No it isn't. This is a concept design at the Godzilla experience at Comic Con. The real design hasn't been revealed yet.   




 It's sorta tricky since the specifics of both the scale, and the actual stats of most Kaiju are sorta pulled out of nowhere most of the time. Plus Godzilla Kaiju are all usually a lot smaller than Pacific Rim Kaiju, and yet they're all way way tougher.  




 Neil Patrick Harris was in Saints Row 2. Seems like they're trying to bring back all the characters from previous games, like Ben King, old school Shaundi and whatever Keith David's character's name was 




 Just for comparison with other similar and recent destruction filled disaster/monster movies;


Pacific Rim's budget was $190M (A lot more than I had thought)

King Kong (2005) was $207M

Transformers 1 was $150M

Transformers 2 was $200M

Transformers 3 was $190M

Man of Steel was $225M

2012 was $200M

Cloverfield was $25M

Battle: Los Angeles was $75M

Battleship was $209M

GI Joe: Rise of Cobra was $175M

Armageddon was $140M

D-War was $75M (Most expensive Korean film of all time) 

Godzilla (1998) was $130M

Final Wars was $19M (The biggest budget ever for a Japanese Godzilla movie)

And Gareth Edward's Monsters was half a million bucks; $500,000
 




 I'm not sure what the exact budget for this movie will end up being, nor do I know if Gareth Edwards is experienced enough to truly create a disaster movie of this scale, but this movie really needs to turn entire cities into radioactive wastelands.
So far the poster, interviews with the creators, and the Comic-Con teaser (which I haven't actually seen) seem to be hinting at exactly this, but I'm still not convinced. The problem is, again, I think the budget for this movie is a lot smaller than most disaster films, and Gareth isn't exactly experienced in epic large scale apocalyptic disaster films. Although he is talented and certainly knows how to stretch a budget

Pacific Rim was okay for what it was, but didn't deliver as much as I had hoped in the destruction department. After how disappointingly careful and harmless the 1998 Zilla was, bafflingly so for a Roland Emmerich film, and after seeing all the destruction based marketing so far, we really need a movie that makes Man of Steel and Transformers look tame in comparison.

If they want to set themselves apart, and deliver a truly terrifying and realistic and worthwhile reimagining of Godzilla, then they need to blow people's minds by showing off what a giant angry living nuclear battleship loose in a major city can do in a way no one has ever seen before.

I mean, surely if something as large as Godzilla were to actually exist, he'd do a lot more damage just walking around than just cracking the cement and smacking down buildings. He'd be a moving earthquake generator, and each footstep would permanently destroy the earth beneath him. 

Gareth and the writers/producers certainly seem to have a deep love for the original film, and the cast is absolutely superb, I just really hope they can use CG and modern Hollywood effects to take the wanton destruction and carnage of the Japanese films, and crank it up to 11. 




 Not bad. Bit too much background noise going on for me though. I really hope they do a new version of the classic theme for this movie. Big and orchestral and epic. Based on how many references to the original there have already been already I'm sure they will.

I'm pretty disappointed that Michael Giacchino isn't doing the score. If you listen to the theme he made for Cloverfield you'll see that he would have been perfect. 




 Bryan Cranston, Aaron Taylor Johnson and Ken Watanabe 




 Looks kinda like a mix of the original Godzilla, Godzilla 2000, and GMK designs. Which is awesome and perfect in my opinion.  




 The severed hand was hanging from the steering wheel. The hand holding the button was attached to an arm that is shown coming from around a corner thing. We never see what condition the rest of the body is in. 




 Looks real pretty and potentially fun, and I'm still looking forward to seeing more, but they didn't really show anywhere near as much as I wanted. Especially for a trailer that's been hyped up for the last week as a 'gameplay' trailer.

Also I really don't like the look of his face. I get that they don't want him to look like Mel Gibson or Tom Hardy and are going for their own take on the character, but he just looks strange.

But hey, Just Cause 2 was stupid and weird and poorly acted and that was still some of the most fun I've had in a video game in a long long time. 




 The T-Rex wasn't in the cargo hold. It was in the big giant cage on the back of the boat that was all ripped open when the boat hit the dock. It went into the cargo hold after killing most of the crew and that dying crew member closed it. 




 Whoa, Kevin Bacon is in this movie?  




 Nope. I'm sure Rockstar will announce a PC/Next Gen version once everyone has already bought the current console versions 




 That would be a much much better idea 




 Vegas  




 SON 




 Have they confirmed that there will be gang hideouts? 




 I don't think military would come after you at all. These new GTA games are trying to be a little more realistic and having tanks chasing chasing a single criminal in an urban environment is pretty silly. (But very fun)
I would imagine the military won't come after you at all unless you break into the base and steal a tank or a jet. 




 Sharknado

Sharkacane

Sharkageddon

This epic trilogy must come to fruition 




 Well kiss my grits this is fantastic! 




 For me, Vice City had a better story and cast of characters, plus an awesome 80s setting that still feels incredible to step back into, but San Andreas is way more fun to play 




 I kinda really hope it stays tropical 




 Do you have a source? I really want this to be true  




 One of my favorite new features in BOGT was that after every story mission you were graded on your performance, and given stats about your accuracy, time, headshots, things like that, and then you could replay any story mission you wanted at any time to try to get better.

Imagine how much it would suck to play through an amazing mind blowing heist sequence, and then not be able to do it again. Especially now that you can upgrade your weapons and gear and personal stats, or replay it again but switching to different characters at different times. 

I don't remember for sure, but I'm pretty sure while replaying a mission in BOGT you don't earn any extra money or anything, so no need to worry about people replaying heists for bonus cash or stat upgrades.

Sure, replaying the whole game can be fun, but if you just want to replay a specific mission or show off a cool sequence to a friend, or replay a certain heist to try to get better at it, you don't want to replay the whole game and lose all your progress in the story and side missions, as well as your money and weapons and possessions. There's already a pretty much perfect mission replaying system in BOGT that they could hopefully use in GTA 5. It only adds tonnes more replay value to an already jam packed game. 




 They're not  




 Garth Ennis can be pretty hit and miss for me, and he can really write some stupid over the top schlocky juvenile bullshit sometimes, but goddamn, that line, "You gotta be one of the good guys, son. Cause there's way too many of the bad." has always stuck with me. 

Preacher is definitely my favorite comic of his. It might still have some of his typical goofy 'edgy' crap in it sometimes, but it has a hell of a lot of talent and heart behind it. 
 




 It's not one of the optional tattoos available in the store, so it's obviously a permanent part of the character. 

I'm assuming it's maybe referring to Saint Michael, plus it looks to be on a cross. But that's obviously an intentional choice, and more than just a coincidence. I just thought it was interesting. 









 I love weapon wheels, and GTA has been needing one for a while. Saints Row and RDR had it, and I'm really glad it's in.

However I kinda think the actual wheel itself looks a bit ugly and messy. 




 Doubt it. 




 Huh, I noticed the different colours during the switching in the trailer, but I didn't notice that their stats and mission markers on the map were also colour coded. Awesome. 




 He's flying the jet 




 The fact that it's an online only game makes me slightly less interested 




 The first one is a brilliant and fun and hilarious cheesy old school action adventure movie. Honestly, I think reinventing a classic Universal horror icon in the style of a classic pulp adventure serial was a perfect idea. It felt like Doc Savage Meets The Mummy. It was going for the same tone and tongue in cheek reference-filled style as Indiana Jones, and I think it nailed it. It was purposely campy and self aware, but without being too goofy or jokey. I'm not the biggest fan of Brendan Fraser, but he was great, the movie was fun, great special effects, and some genuinely creepy moments. Not a masterpiece by any stretch of the imagination, but I absolutely loved it, and still do. Very much an under appreciated movie.


The second one sucked though. It's a shame that Stephen Sommers seemingly lost his self-aware campy style after this movie and went all ridiculous and terrible. 




 Hey Malkovich, think fast!  




 I don't want characters that control like big slow trucks driving through molasses and take a couple seconds to perform simple actions like in GTA 4. 




 Everything about the characters looks perfect so far. All really likable and interesting and not complete cliches. Hell everything about the game seems perfect, aside from the whole no PC or next gen thing.


...Also that jab about an unfit guy being dead before 35 is pretty ill timed... 




 When it comes to just Godzilla movies, my personal favourites are

Godzilla (1954)

Destroy All Monsters (1968)

Godzilla - or Return of Godzilla (1984)

Godzilla vs Biollante (1989)

Godzilla vs MechaGodzilla 2 (1993)

Godzilla vs Desotroyah (1995)

Godzilla 2000 (2000)

Godzilla: Giant Monsters All Out Attack (2001)

Godzila Final Wars (2004)

I think these have the most action, most interesting Kaiju, and are just the most fun to watch. Some Godzilla movies can be super cheap and light on the Kaiju action, or just plain strange. These are all fairly simple and accessible.  




 This is so much better than the usual Pixar specific ones that keep getting posted here. Some of these I've never seen before. Super cool. 




 This is actually one of my favorite action movies. No cgi or shaky cam, just ridiculously over the top action and stunts and really funny characters. Tragically underrated.  




 That's really cool. Here in Australia movie tickets cost like 16 dollars and we don't get anything extra. This could be a really interesting new trend. 




 I feel like the gameplay trailer that's coming soon will probably be a part of the multiplayer reveal. I can't imagine Rockstar showing gameplay of the campaign before release, and since they're doing this new GTA Online thing, I think it makes sense that they'd release a gameplay video of how it all works. Maybe in the style of those RDR and Max Payne videos. 




 The weirdest for me was his family all becoming successful super rich yuppies at the end and yet they still live in the same house  




 Oh it'll be cheesy, but it won't be garbage. The cheesiness and camp is totally deliberate.  




 Even if they were planning on releasing a PC/next gen version of the game, I feel like it'd be in their best interest to act like they weren't. Then after the game has sold a bajillion copies, they'll announce the GOTY edition coming out on PC/next gen in April or something so that everyone buys it again. 




 Ah, great, thanks. That's pretty much what I figured but I'm not nearly educated enough on the subject. Thanks!  




 Was the middle east still mostly Muslim back then? I know nothing about this subject so I was just wondering if these countries were still all pretty much Islamic throughout history, and it's just a new more fundamentalist and extreme type of Islam that has taken over more recently. 




 I seem to remember this movie being announced years ago with Ryan Reynolds and The Rock, or something like that, and then it never happened 




 Yes  




 The missed punches don't show how overmatched Batman is when Bane is still reacting to the hit. Not once during the fight did I think "wow Batman is out of his league!" or "whoa Batman is finally outmatched!" I could only think "Yikes this is poorly done."

There's a big difference between being deliberately choreographed in a sloppy messy fashion to portray the characters in a certain way, and plain bad choreography where punches miss clearly by inches and the other fighter acts like he got hit,  unrealistic moves, people swing their arms nowhere near an opponent just so the other fighter can block it, obviously awkward positioning, and Bane doing a sloppy little jump spin in the middle of a fight and Batman just sort of waits to get hit.

The negative things I said about that fight weren't the point of the fight, they weren't choices by Nolan or the choreographer. They were mistakes and sloppy filmmaking and poor stunt work. 

 




 I hope the final episode of that show ends with his kids getting sick of his rambling self important narcissistic stories about what a great guy he is and they get up off the couch and beat him to death.  




 Everyone was talking about how epic and brutal the first Bane vs Batman fight was. I heard 'amazing' and 'breathtaking' a few times before seeing the movie. The lead up was basically Batman saying,  "Take me to this movie's villain so we can have a fight scene." Then there's a weird awkwardly paced build up, before Bane and Batman finally clash in a pretty averagely choreographed slow fight with lots of missed punches and cheesy moments. I usually really like Nolan movies but his fight scenes are always terrible, and DKR was one of his weakest films by far. 




 This looks pretty lame. But hopefully now Ben Schwartz might do a cameo in Always Sunny 




 This would have made this movie so much better 




 Seriously, why is this one of the top posts for this subreddit?  




 The uploader posted this in the comments section four times

"AWWWWW WTF LITTLE BITCH HACKED MY YOUTUBE AND BUT HER SHITTY PROJECT UP!!!!!!! HOW DID I DONT SEE THIS SORRY PEOPLE WHO HAVE BEEN BLINDED BY THIS BACK STABBIN EX FRIEND OF MINE!"

...what? 




 Totally agree. Also, Chronicle was pretty average.  




 It's funny because this post clearly proves that whoever made it has never had sex with a woman   




 Roland's last movie 2012 was like that as well. It was so tonally inconsistent that it really drove me crazy. 

There's a scene where a man tries to make up with his son over the phone after not speaking to him for years. Right as the son picks up the phone a huge earthquake hits and the father listens to his son die. Then, as the old man cries, a giant tidal wave comes and kills him and like a thousand other people. Then there's a giraffe hanging from a helicopter and John Cusack's daughter says she doesn't pee her pants anymore. 

Also, a scene where a chihuahua walks across a tightrope while a wife angrily gives her husband the finger, all to goofy cartoony music, and then the husband falls to his death while his children watch and scream.

That movie was fucking weird   




 Very very common normal word here in Australia too  




 The whole point of Die Hard was supposed to be that it wasn't a typical action hero guy like Arnie or Sly. That's why they casted a romantic comedy tv actor. Bruce only became known as an action star afterwards. If Die Hard was made today it'd be more likely to be someone like... Jeez I actually have no idea... Maybe Joe Manganiello or Gabriel Macht or Jon Hamm 




 God, yes, he totally sold me on Monster Hunter. I'd always been interested in the franchise but I'd never been able to get into it. Patrick convinced me to dive in. 




 It's not so much him not being on the podcast that I'm gonna miss. It's the attention he gives to weird crazy indie games that most other sites ignore. I'm gonna miss QuickLooks where he and Vinny explore really strange niche games that we would usually never see. 




 Yeah because throwing the grenade and then taking cover in the hole would just be silly  




 That's the most interesting thing about this. Instead of trying to think of stupid ways for people to go back to this truly doomed dinosaur island, just rewrite history so instead of going to shit on the first day of Jurassic Park, everything goes to shit after 20 years of success. 




 It's weird that you approve this 




 We could all use some more EverythingIsTerrible 




 Every time this film has been mentioned in the last two years there's always tonnes of comments from people mentioning how similar it is to Evangelion. We get it. 




 Both consoles have 8GB of RAM, but the Xbox One OS takes up 3 GB, and the PS4's OS takes up 1. So PS4 has 7GB of Ram devoted to games and Xbox One only has 5. Also PS4 uses GDDR 5 and Xbox One uses GDDR 3. Plus, PS4 is cheaper, has better exclusives, support for indie developers, no online passes, and PS Plus gives you free games every month. It's still all around a cheaper and more powerful machine.

EDIT: And a 50% more powerful GPU 




 The director Colin Trevorrow already confirmed no feathers on Twitter 
























 Playing each other  




 why 




 To be fair, the mobile phone menu system was used first in Saints Row, and worked much much better. Plus I'm prreeeetty sure the first Saints Row was the first game to use the whole circular bars filling up around the circular mini map thing that GTA 4 and tonnes of open world games now use. Maybe. 




 Oh yes! Awesome! Thank you! 




 Wow. Are we sure that first one isn't Louis Theroux? 




 Republican Space Rangers did a much better job at being a goofy political satire while actually still being a funny entertaining show. This just seemed ridiculous. 




 I really really hope the Annihilator is back  




 I find #18 very hard to believe 




 I'd rather they start a new separate sci-fi IP instead of changing GTA into something it's not 




 This is the kind of guy you hate, but kinda love to have around 




 I thought the very first series was okay. It was a pretty cool idea and had some genuinely frightening and haunting stuff beyond the shock gore-rape. All the rest is pretty terrible.  




 what the shit is a Mermantula  




 Wind effects would have been alright for flying vehicles and maybe long range weapons from tanks or jets or something, but it would get pretty annoying if simply shooting your guns or moved around you had to compensate for wind. 




 GTA 4 was about 7 square miles, San Andreas was 13 or 14 square miles. I think Red Dead Redemption was around 20?

The GTA 5 map includes underwater areas as well as the traversable landmass. 




 It was annoying, but it did feel more like an actual car radio than a wheel would 




 Samuel L Jackson and Chris Penn were both in San Andreas. Michael Madsen was in 3.

Plus if you count movies that were just written by Tarantino and directed by someone else, you got Danny Trejo, Michael Rapaport, Tom Sizemore and Dennis Hopper 




 In what way was he dickish? It seems like he'd be very anti-social. 




 Directed by Marc Webb, director of 500 Days of Summer and Amazing Spiderman 




 This is the one Xbox exclusive title I'll be  bummed about missing out on  




 The cast is great but everything looks really generic and flat.  




 Oh man you're right, that is totally the same dude. That's awesome. 




 Yeah, I totally agree with all of this, yet I loved this movie. All the things that made this movie a weird non-typical action movie with very little of the same Iron Man/Avengers/superhero movie stuff that we have seen before are exactly why I loved it. 




 You should watch the trailer for Sir Billy  









 I like how at 55 seconds in when the camera angle changes, the dog realizes it's been accidentally included in the shot and quickly leaves to avoid embarrassment  




 Huh I hadn't even heard of this movie before this. Looks good. 




 Well then I guess us Australians will never get it at all 




 Doesn't look like there's a spot for melee weapons in the new weapon wheel?  




 I never finished LOD and I never had any problems with the story  




 TBOGT was better than GTA 4 and LOD combined  




 He is the most youth-pastory looking youth-pastor of all time 




 Radio GaGa was already in the Michael trailer  




 Well I'd assume it's just a code you get with the game. Just don't enter the code. 




 This so accurately portrays my reaction to this whole train wreck  




 That was definitely footage from Red Dead Redemption 




 That guy's voice sounds suuuuper familiar

Edit: At first I thought it was Christopher McDonald, but now I think it's either H Jon Benjamin or Jason Sudekis 




 Well now I have to play that game 




 That's a pretty ugly tattoo. Well done technically, but just a bad idea. 




 Well this is Kevin Smith's Green Arrow so I guess he gets to put him wherever he wants 




 I think Vin Diesel said it takes place in Tokyo, LA and Dubai 




 Yeah she was super bland and boring 




 Donnie Darko? 




 It's already passed classification  




 Grant Morrison's Batman run is super long and crazy, so just RIP on it's own will probably be incoherent and unsatisfying. But if you want an insane and epic sprawling Batman story, it's totally worth it to pick up his entire run. It just ended last week I believe. 




 dang 




 Is this completely only on the Xbox, or is it one of those on the Xbox-first with exclusive extra content things? 




 Tom Cruise must be pissed 




 I really really liked Elysium. Didn't have as much world building or character development as I would have liked, it was a bit cheesy in parts, and the story wasn't great. But I thought it was a whole lot of fun and I was having a great time watching it. 

But I thought District 9 was very overrated and just as flawed as Elysium so I guess I'm just crazy. 




 29 isn't really true. Of course the actors in Alien knew an alien was going to burst out of John Hurts chest. Unless they somehow left it out of the script and none of the actors noticed when halfway through the scene the director yelled cut and they brought on a prosthetic body cavity and spent hours prepping the animatronics. In the making of on the special edition DVD they say they didn't know exactly how it would pop out and what it would look like, and they said they were surprised by how much blood there was.  




 The Chinese DVD of Godzilla 1984/5 has the Japanese track with English subtitles.

Pretty much all the DVDs I've found have both the dubs and the subtitles.  




 6 people think Rodan is the worst monster? Minilla and Gabera suck, and even though I love them, I can understand people not liking Mothra or Biollante or whatever, but how can you hate Rodan?  




 If it were delayed so as to be ported over to PS4, XboxOne and PC I wouldn't be AS pissed, but I'd still be pretty pissed. 




 Holy shit it stars Treat Williams 




 I was thinking of maybe getting this game to pass the time until GTA 5 comes out. Not really worth it now. 




 Pretty much any James Bond movie  




 Holy shit. Now I'm really afraid to go back and rewatch all the older Steve Oedekerk stuff I used to think was hilarious when I was a kid. Was it all this bad? And fucking terrifying?

EDIT: Oh man Biff is in this 




 Guy on the far left is the protagonist from Liberty City Stories, next to him is Claude from GTA 3. Playing the Playstation is Niko from GTA 4, and CJ from San Andreas is above him with the jetpack. The guys arm wrestling are from Vice City Stories and Lost and Damned, the guy behind them dancing with the girl is Luis from Ballad of Gay Tony. Tommy Vercetti from Vice City is chilling on the couch, guy on the far right is Michael from GTA 5, and the asian dude in the elevator is from Chinatown Wars. Trevor and Franklin are unfortunately missing from this picture. 




 Doesn't Flea from the Red Hot Chili Peppers show up in that scene also? 




 That took me out of the movie something fierce 




 Huh. I would have thought 32 would be more reasonable 




 What's the top gear reference? 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage list=PLCbnPrACOv8psnu68BfpYy_9ihtmhJekD v=OHrD84Y309c t=3229  




 James Marsden! 




 My favourite episode 




 Scott Derickson didn't make those movies  




 Looks like Vice City 




 I want that guy to do an AMA  




 Yeah but why are they called that  




 I thought the idea was that the Dude was really the true 'Big' Lebowski from the perspective of the story we got  




 Oh lord please let there be an Opie and Anthony radio channel with Jim Norton 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=XOsLZ0lSqpg t=39 




 Ninja is one half of the band Die Antwoord. They have a significantly large cameo role in this film.  




 And then find out how it got burned 




 He has two lines in this trailer 




 Well they do say they have to "tell our boys what they can and cannot blow up" so while this movie is probably concerning a particular group of men on a particular mission where they're saving art from the Nazis, it looks like they might at least acknowledge the fact that the Allies are a danger to cultural icons as well. 




 I'm gay now  




 The GiantBomb Quick Look of this game is one the funniest goddamn things on the internet. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdAW5FVj5n0 




 Looks about the same to me. 7 stations, each with about 15 or so songs.

None of them seem that great except for maybe The Mix, just for how fun and silly those songs would be to play with. 




 Holy fuck 




 I've said it before but I'll say it again. There are really not enough videos/captions of these sorts of cuckolding threesomes around. Amazing. 




 Was getting caught a part of his plan? I thought he just got caught.  




 Denzel as Malcolm, Oldman as Vicious, Blanchett as Dylan, Phoenix as Cash, and Kingsley as Gandhi are all pretty great.

The rest not so much 




 The third act sucked but the last couple minutes of the movie are awesome 




 Killing is badong  




 "Yeah you ain't never seen no shit like this! Hella dinosaurs like crazy!" 




 Mel Gibson looks like he's having a lot of fun. He might be a dick but I really like him as an actor. 

Also the voice on the phone at the start really sounds like Clooney. 




 There was an anal probe gun that anally probed people to death and made their heads explode.  




 This has been known for a while. It's called Chappie and Yolandi and Ninja from Die Antwoord are in it. They even mentioned it in a song a while ago.  




 I just realized that Robin Williams poster was a nod to the terrible film 'Jack' 




 Transformers 4? 




 I like it a lot, but I dunno, I think it's moving a little too fast. It's only a ten issue series so it might not have the time it needs to really flesh out the story.

I love the premise, I love the build up, I love the mystery, I love this huge epic storyline they're trying to craft, I love all the ideas, but whenever something really spooky or interesting or atmospheric seems to be coming, the issue either ends, or we have some monster movie horror action jammed in. I feel like this book would be perfect if it was allowed to be a little slower and more tense and restrained. 




 I bought Mortal Kombat and the uncensored Left 4 Dead 2 from the UK and they both went through customs just fine 




 As an Australian, THANK CHRIST 




 No that part is pretty normal, the fact that its going grey is not so normal 




 No way. The suit is fine for the Toho films, but it simply wouldn't work at all for modern Western Audiences. I love the suit and the miniatures, they're really fun and great to look at, but CGI can do so much more than a suit can. It can move so much more realistically and perform in a much more advanced way. For the direction the 2014 Godzilla movie is going, a suit would not work at all. CGI is the best possible way to make a serious realistic and dynamic modern Godzilla movie for a wide audience.

The problem with the 1998 Godzilla movie, wasn't the CGI, it was everything else. CGI is a great amazing tool that can do mindblowing things that couldn't be done otherwise. It's all about how you use it. 




 Chew is funny but I wouldn't put it anywhere near this level  




 I dunno it looks like a pretty good truck to me 




 Eh probably not 




 He doesn't really physically look like Rick Moranis at all, but his character in Pacific Rim was totally intentionally supposed to be Rick Moranis inspired 




 Wow, do you have any more pics of those figures, they look awesome! Where'd you get them? 

I've really been wanting to start getting some Godzilla figures recently. 




 Yeah I'm South Australian, and whenever I visit the East Coast people always think I'm English  




 Probably because you met Australians who were traveling and vacationing. There are tonnes of antisocial angry dicks here.  




 I used to have a pet kangaroo. They're huge as shit, destroy everything, and can kill you with a single kick.  




 Hey baby, why don't we take that bra ooffuuuaauunnngghh... I'm so sorry. 




 Pacific Rim Kaiju are all mostly larger, but Toho Kaiju seem way more powerful and intelligent.  




 This was the first Godzilla film I ever saw  




 When I saw it in theaters there wasn't even a chuckle throughout that whole part where they were both getting drunk. It was awkward.  




 Did he fire into the air like a stray rocket while his shoes stayed smoking on the ground?  




 I know of a lot of people who think that movie supports the views of Ed Norton's character 
























 This is one of the nicest backyard pool's I've ever seen. I kinda hate that guy now 




 I think these new TTs look beautiful 




 I really really like it. Sure, it doesn't look like a Mustang, but it's still a damn sexy car. 




 You should watch it. It's kind of amazing.  




 Nope. 

One of the optional voices for SR4 is North but the default is Troy. Booker is totally Troy. 




 I am jealous  




 When and where did you see ten minutes if the film? What did you see?  




 That's not the first line though. There's a scene with Bateman and his friends at dinner first, and then they all go out to a nightclub. Then the next morning he does that speech. I think the first line is a waiter describing dinner. 




 The scene on the highway where they discover Billy is still alive in the trunk comes before that though  




 Ah yes you're totally right. Forgot about that.

Still, that refinery is massive. 




 Oh man the voice acting is absolutely hilarious. Everything about this show is so insane and messed up. I love it. 




 Whoa, the Nostromo and the Sulaco are waaaaayy bigger than I thought.

Also, all the Warhammer ships look like steam trains, and all the Eve ships look like bits of driftwood. 




 Well it doesn't look like those those penguins off in the distance are miked in any way, so that's probably a bit of a giveaway 




 It's pretty blatantly obvious  




 It was definitely the least subtle in Worlds End  




 Justin Lin (director of F amp;amp;F 3-6) directed an independent movie in 2002 called Better Luck Tomorrow. Sung Kang is in that as well as a character named Han who smokes a lot.  




 no it wasn't 




 Shouldn't have shown Cusack in the trailer 




 That's worse than being racist  




 This was the first Godzilla movie I ever saw as a kid. And it was terrible. After that I watched Godzilla vs the Sea Monster. 
Also terrible.
But then I saw Godzilla vs Biollante and it was awesome. And now I've seen them all.
 




 Patton Oswalt just directed a live read of Raising Arizona with Timothy Olyphant and Ron Perlman 




 This has been posted a thousand times. This is not the final design. They would not have revealed the final design at the Godzilla Experience like this.

The final design seems to be very similar from what we've seen, and I think Gareth said this was fairly close, but the final design seems to be a lot less chunky and possibly with bigger spikes. 




 Casino, obviously. 

Boogie Nights is basically Goodfellas but with porn actors, one of my all time favorites. 

The Departed is kinda similar. Not exactly the same but still gangsters and definitely worth watching.

Maybe try Snatch, Donnie Brasco, Carlitos Way, Usual Suspects, Blow, True Romance, Chopper, American Hustle.
Scarface is like a crazy cartoon version. 

There are a lot of gangster movies out there, but very very few of them are as fast paced and naturalistic with an awesome soundtrack like Goodfellas. Casino and Boogie Nights are definitely the other movies I can think of that are quite the same.
Wolf of Wall Street seems to be the most Goodfellasy thing Scorcese has done since Goodfellas. 




 Black + clear = white?

Buaauhh??  




 Dom Hemingway and Filth look so incredibly similar I can barely tell them apart. I wonder which will be better 




 Wasn't it already confirmed a while ago that there will be no other Toho monsters aside from Godzilla, and that the monsters he will be fighting will be entirely new and original? 




 I didn't realize it was all that different watching the trailer, but it looks like he's definitely lost some weight  




 You think this is bad?

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3bFIPa0tIM

I absolutely love Jimmy Neutron and Kung Pow, but christ this dude has made some unbearable garbage 




 oohhh noo 




 I have Godzilla 1985 on DVD...  




 Hey at least it's not Damon Lindelof! 




 Leo as J Edgar Hoover is teeerrrrible 




 No they should have Paul Walker crash Dom's Charger, and then get struck by lightning, so then Paul Walker's consciousness is inside of the car. Then Dom can drive Paul Walker around like KITT and they solve mysteries together. 




 Running Scared should really replace Into The Blue on this list.  




 The only thing I feel the need to say is that Amir's new round glasses look really bad 




 Fuck that hit me right in the gut  




 Won't it be weird conceiving children with your twin?  




 Plutarch sounds like onomatopoeia for vomiting  




 Cherish her like you cherish all of your lemons  




 I don't know if the impression changed or anything later on because that part made me so uncomfortable I had to stop 




 Beautiful! A dream car of mine. Maybe one day...

 




 I think he bought the one he drove in 2Fast2Furious.  




 But you probably don't bring it to meet your girlfriends parents and whip it to try and measure dicks with her father 




 I think they're both stupid. Threatening people will knives and guns is really immature dumb behavior either way.  




 You carry a knife around? Do you keep it in your black trenchcoat with your make up and Invader Zim velcro wallet?  




 This is from Jekyll and Hyde.  




 I'm an Australian and I drove past midnight on my Ps all the time and never got in trouble  




 You mean a charity car show 




 Is this game open world? And is there any car customization? 

I feel like nothing will ever scratch my itch for a new Forza Horizon 




 Didn't the Fast 6 bluray come out a while ago? I've had it for at least a month. 




 I got a PS4 last night at launch and I was wondering why it seemed so bare.  




 Obviously the part where she gets blood smeared on her face was a separate take  




 And then that caused her to bite harder from the pain, which caused you to bite harder from the pain, and then you were both laughing and screaming with your teeth clenched on each other's junk 




 Might be a quasi sequel to the original and a reboot at the same time, just like the other reboots? 




 What's this from?  




 If I get a PS4, will my trophies earned on that system show up on my PS3 and vice versa, or is it just a one time transfer over type deal? Can I keep playing the PS3 and earn trophies that will show up on my PS4? Will my PS4 trophies show up on my PS3?  




 Scorsese doing a big final gangster movie with DeNiro, Pacino, Pesci and Keitel? 

I want that so bad 

EDIT: Frank Vincent's gotta be in there too  




 Sounds like something I should read  




 The giant killer sperm from The Filth freaked me out. Not especially gory or anything bit it just made me feel dirty.

There were some pretty dark things happening in the first half (good half) of Irredeemable. Mostly kids getting killed in various ways.  

There was that terrible Lovecraftian book that Alan Moore wrote where a woman got raped by a fish demon and then later gave him a handjob. That was doubly fucked up because that was the genius behind Watchmen, Killing Joke and V for Vendetta writing that nonsense.

And of course anytime Garth Ennis gets all shock gore crazy, which is usually more fucked up than anything else on my list but I think I've become desensitized to him by now.  




 Like what? 




 That series started off really fucked up and great, but then it just sorta went downhill after a while for me  




 Filming started a while ago and there have been pics from the set floating around here for like 2 months  




 Jeez. That couldn't have really been the tag line could it?  




 I'm still super bummed that this isn't a launch game  




 Yeah slavery was the only injustice black people faced in America and it ended cleanly and simply and there have been no negative race related repercussions since. Get over it already black people. Jeez.  




 Really? The first one is basically Point Break, the second feels like a cheesy 80s crime movie, the third one is actually about underground street racing in Tokyo, the fourth is an underground Mexican drug cartel movie, the fifth is a bid budget team heist movie, the sixth is a globe trotting crazy spy/mercenaries type action movie, and the seventh will be a revenge movie.  




 Your Interceptor is stolen at the start of the game and the game is all about getting it back  




 Apparently neither.  




 Whoa that's a crazy cast  




 Single player kinda sucks. But multiplayer is brilliantly fun. Get it on PC or next gen consoles though.  




 The scheduling conflict was the filming of Hercules, which ended a couple weeks ago, and there's still 2 or 3 months left of shooting for Fast 7. I was hoping this meant The Rock doesn't get left out of most if the action, but it seems like he might.  




 Does Ghost Protocol really fit?  




 I do this every night with your son 




 That is bafflingly hilarious  




 I dunno, jammed its head through the door way or something 




 The T-rex wasn't originally in the cargo hold. 

It was in that big steel cage that was sitting on the deck of the boat. We see it in that cage after Roland tranquilized it when everyone is leaving the island by helicopter.

Then when Malcolm and Sarah get on the boat you can see that the cage is torn open. The T-rex broke out of the cage, killed a bunch of people, and then chased people into the cargo hold or something, and a dying crew member closed the cargo doors.

There was that one hand inside the captain's cabin holding on to the steering wheel, which was weird, but I guess maybe the T-Rex was able to stick his head through the door to eat that guy or something. 




 So you're saying being a Brony is not a choice 




 Well that looks awesome as shit 




 I haven't seen it yet, but how much screen time does Dean Norris get ?  




 I would actually love it if the next movie featured a scene where Vin Diesel jumps his Charger over a shark 




 The cheesy church music and the fact that it seems to be pretending that this is a true historical event make this movie seem way more like a laughable made for TV religious family movie with a big budget.

The clapping didn't help either.

Hopefully this was just a terrible trailer and was not at all representative of the final film... 




 The meaning for to be the fun of a game wherein we are to be online with friends is the meaning of what it is for us all together.  




 The school nurse one is crazy hot. Never heard of something like that before  




 No she wasn't  




 Wait, who's that guy playing Steve Haines? I could have sworn he was voiced by H Jon Benjamin when I was playing the game 




 Not really. It's a trilogy of thematically linked films, all about revenge with a very dark twisted tone, but they're completely unrelated in terms of story and characters.

Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance, Oldboy, and Sympathy for Lady Vengeance. Oldboy is absolutely the best one.  




 It's clearly some sort of weird tiki statue or something, but that doesn't stop it from looking fucking freaky as shit.

Could you imagine accidentally stumbling upon that thing while messing around on Street View. 




 MMNNAGH MMNAGHGH  BAKKAAGH MMNMAAAGHBBAAH 




 The Rundown and Fast Five are legitimately fantastic cheesy action movies. 




 ...Kelsey Grammar? 




 You can go fuck yourself  




 Didn't Batman start in the 40s 




 That guy was in Minority Report and Mission Impossible 2 




 "Which one of you is supposed to be the funny guy? We had a funny guy with us in Korea. Tail gunner. They blew his brains out all over the Pacific... There's nothing funny about that." 




 Thanks Obama  




 It's not just maybe a reference to RDR, it's the exact same dialogue 




 This article goes for like four paragraphs before giving any information, but the first cast member is Bryce Dallas Howard  




 It's a joke  




 Oh my lord  




 Post pics man!  




 I bought a tank from the military vehicles website as Trevor, but it's not at my Pillbox Hill garage or any of my safe houses. What gives? Have I just flushed 3 million down the drain?  




 So did Hank 




 And then how do you start this mission? 




 I find them around the movie studio quite a bit 




 The movie studio usually has nice cars parked inside it. That's where I got mine.  




 I am so sick of zombies in everything 




 Definitely agree 




 God I hope so 




 Can you continue playing as all three characters once the campaign is over?

I've heard rumors about one if the characters potentially dying. I remember how much it sucked when John died at the end of Red Dead. I mean it worked great for story reasons, but since there was no warning I had to restart and play through the entire game again so that I could create an alternate save before the end so I could keep playing in the open world as John. 

So without giving too much away, will I be able to keep playing as all three characters when the story ends, or am I going to have to create an alternate save or something? 
























 It was always $550 here 




 Huh... I would totally watch that  




 I think it was Raiju 




 No he didn't. He took several hits from fists and swords, followed by a direct hit by a nuclear bomb, before Gispsy's super powerful nuclear powered vortex turbine being fired full blast into his chest at point blank range finally killed him. 




 605 feet?

The new 2014 Godzilla is the biggest Godzilla has ever been and he's 350 feet. He was originally about 160 feet.

Godzilla certainly is more durable, and his radioactive breath and seemingly supernatural strength and healing abilities make him insanely powerful, but Slattern would still be a pretty worthy opponent for him. Plus we never really get a clear description of what exactly Slattern is capable of.

Due to Godzilla's radioactive breath and his ability to seemingly gain strength and power and heal himself whenever the plot requires, he'd probably be a Cat 6, but Cat 7 seems a little crazy and is downplaying the size of strength of Slattern a considerable amount.

Although it's really hard to put Godzilla and other Kaiju into the Pacific Rim class system because of how much their size and strength and abilities change from movie to movie.
 




 Slattern took a nuclear blast at close range and was pretty much fine afterwards  




 Jeez what movie is this from? That's pretty graphic 




 This is fake 




 Tell it to the judge, buddy 




 No one said anything was wrong with it 




 Leo didn't win because he isn't good enough. He makes solid enjoyable movies and always gives a good performance, but he is rarely ever in the same league as the nominees he is up against. Just because he's cool and hip and his moves are usually the most widely accessible and fun among the usual darker, more serious (or 'challenging' or however you'd like to describe it) competition doesn't mean he deserves to win anything.  




 That sounds horrendously depressing  




 Huh, I guess it's just because of the size of the buildings in New York, but I would have thought the Millenium Godzilla was larger than Zilla.
 
Although it's hard to tell since Zilla's size changed so much in that movie anyway 




 How big is Zilla 98 compared to these guys? 




 Also that is clearly Tom Wilkinson as Andrew Johnson, not 'Dennis Clark' 




 You got the touch... 




 No King Ghidorah, Mothra, Rodan or Mechagodzilla? Not even Biollante? But Megalon makes the list? Above Destroyah? Booo, sir. 




 I have no idea who that is  




 It's just a poster  




 Is that all he said about it? 




 Maybe Gareth Edwards is just a Slash fan 




 According to IMDb that scene was only put in the movie for the sole purpose that it could be cut out to appease the ratings board, so that Scorsese could get away with the more important violent scenes throughout the rest of the film that he didn't want to cut out. 




 Oh man, all the rumors were true 




 I think he's talking about the brony with short hair 




 It's a very common saying here in Australia unfortunately  




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkDFBVczcGY 




 This makes Drive Angry and Getaway look like big budget summer blockbusters. How can this look so bad 




 Something about pick up lines referencing God just creeps me out so much 




 Subtly? Really?  




 I was hoping that too, but I think we all knew this was going to happen. CGI is just so much easier and cheaper these days, and having actual animatronics on location could result in too many problems to be worth it to them. It's a real shame and I'm gonna miss the awesome practical effects. 




 I think that actually looks much better. Indy 4 had a really 'fake' look to it. Yours looks much nicer. 




 Jurassic Park is one of my all time favorite movies, and when I was a kid I absolutely loved all 3 movies. So I'll try to explain why, to me, the second two don't hold up anymore like the first one does.

Really boring stories, with no sense of wonder and discovery and science and wondering 'could this happen in real life?" Just generic stranded on an island with monsters plotlines. The Lost World has some potentially interesting ideas but didn't go anywhere with them.

Really dull and dreary tone. Jurassic Park was 50% fun and joy and childlike wonder, and then 50% terror and fear and tension. 2 and 3 were just bland, not very engaging, leaving us waiting for something exciting to happen.

Boring characters. Jurassic Park had fun lovable realistic characters, 2 and 3 were filled with pretty generic two dimensional dinosaur-meals. Even Jeff Goldblum and Sam Neill didn't seem like they were acting like their characters from the first. Pete Postlethwaite in The Lost World is an exception.

Didn't do anything new or interesting with the dinosaurs. Jurassic Park made the dinosaurs seem real and amazing, like we had never seen before. It was new and exciting and made them feel like real living animals, and brought on all the emotions of wonder and amazement, and then fear, that comes with that. In 2 and 3, sure all our favorites came back, and there were some new ones, but they just felt like monsters.

Frankly 2 and 3 just felt lazy and boring and uninspired. None of the cast or crew seemed very enthusiastic about churning out more cash-in installments. Acting was meh. Direction was meh. Story was meh. No emotions or excitement or fun or discovery or wonder. Just dinosaurs killing generic characters. The Lost World had a potentially interesting premise, and some of the action set pieces were alright, but as a whole it was flat and dull and pointless. And then Jurassic Park 3 felt like a lame cheap sci-fi tv movie.

Jurassic Park made you feel like you were there and captured your imagination. It was a new and exciting experience like never before. 2 and 3 were just excuses to watch more people get eaten by monsters for 90 minutes.

That's just my opinion anyway.
 




 That's creepy as shit 




 If I owned a museum I would totally hire this guy to make dinosaurs. These are insanely cool 




 [oh my god I can't waaaaiit](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XwamV1fbYQk) 




 Dude. It is your duty to be our secret inside man. Do it for all of us Jurassic Park geeks. 




 Godammit Ennis 




 I haven't seen it, but I believe so. 

Dark Knight had the same thing where the 65mm IMAX shots and scenes were a different aspect ratio than the rest of the scenes. Most of the movie was normal widescreen, whereas the action sequences and shots of the city were more 'full screen' or 'square'.

MI4 had IMAX shots as well, but the aspect ratio was made to be the same as the rest of the movie. I guess it depends on whether or not the director wants that fluctuating widescreen effect.  









 35mm is the normal film size. 65mm is double size and is not so normal. Gives a much better quality, larger, richer, grander picture. Basically like bigger better resolution on your screen.

Sound of Music, Ben-Hur, Lawrence of Arabia, 2001, Samsara and recently The Master were filmed on 65mm. Chris Nolan uses it sometimes for special shots or sequences. It's a pretty big difference if you look at them side by side.

IMAX uses 65mm film as well, but I think you get a larger image due to aspect ratio... Or something... I don't actually know much about IMAX at all.

I'm guessing Colin will be doing this film Nolan style. Most of the scenes will probably be 35mm like a normal film, and then probably the big sweeping scenery shots of beautiful Hawaii will be 65mm, if not some of the actions sequences as well. (Hopefully)

Frankly it's great to see that it's being shot on film at all as opposed to digital. 









 What every fuck is that 




 I feel like the mountainous regions are a bit too big, making the city a little too small  




 Octodaaaaaaaad

Nobody suspects a thing  




 I used to have a horse that was best friends with another horse at the local stables. They used to freak out whenever they were separated.  




 Looks like they're melting 




 Doesn't this movie come out in May? Whether or not this particular source is bullshit or not, surely we're gonna start getting new trailers or posters or details or whatever in the next month or so 




 Cundy or Kaminski. Jurassic Park 3 was shot and lit like a cheap sci fi tv show. 

But it'll probably be a completely new guy. 




 Aw man this is fantastic

why was this deleted 




 What a terribly written, impossible to understand, and hideously long title for such a well known repost 




 Oh, so the 2xp thing I'm seeing isn't the Premium one? And it's not even working? Faaaaantastic 




 It doesn't run into the gate, it runs into the back of the cage 




 Danny Chan as Bruce Lee! Or Kwok Kwan Chan. Or Danny Chan Kwok Kwan. Whatever the dude's name is. Get him. 




 eeewww 




 Anyone know when the PS4 version is coming out? 




 I only like Quentin Tarantino's first three films. All the characters in his movies tend to be one dimensional cartoon characters and his movies never have any interesting depth or character development. It's just silly unrealistic dialogue, references and homages, and everyone trying way too hard to be cool. Django was alright as a fun silly bloody action movie but that's about it. Nothing special.

I don't like Jennifer Lawrence or Bradley Cooper or Ryan Gosling. Leo DiCaprio is alright sometimes I guess. The Departed was his last 'believable' performance.

The Dark Knight was great, but Inception was just okay, and Dark Knight Rises sucked. Unless he stops with the big budget action crap and goes back to smaller more personal thrillers I don't really care about Chris Nolan anymore.

I really don't like Marvel films. Or Wes Anderson films. They always both have great casts though I keep seeing them. I guess that's my bad.

EDIT: A lot of posts here are getting downvoted for having crazy opinions, which kinda goes against the whole point of the thread 




 Would be nice if these were all in a chronological line, instead of separated into two rows 




 Just like everything Mark Millar does then  




 Didn't HP Lovecraft have a cat named Niggerboy or something? Or was that just in one of his stories?  




 Did your teacher molest you too? 




 Awesome, thank you. 




 Oh man thank you so much. Watching this little clip instantly gave me an insane jolt of recollection. I remembered this cartoon so incredibly clearly despite not ever thinking about it in years. I remember watching this as a kid and loving it. 




 Boogie Nights has always felt like the third in a trilogy along with Goodfellas and Casino.

Both Goodfellas and Casino, and now Wolf of Wall Street, show off what I think Scorsese is best at, showing us a crazy stylized alluring at first, but ultimately corrupt and doomed, fast paced get-rich-quick type scenario, that gradually falls apart as we see more of the horrible things that happen as a consequence, and how money and power corrupt the characters.

Scorsese is great at taking the classic rise and fall, American dream type movie, showing it in a twisted and corrupt light, and cranking everything up to eleven. Boogie Nights is so clearly aiming for the exact same motif, just in the porn world instead of the gangster world. PTA totally understood and reinterpreted and nailed everything Scorsese was going for.

American Hustle felt like it was trying for a similar vibe but just did not hit the mark.

Everything in Boogie Nights, the shots, the scenes, the characters, the cinematography, the pacing, the music, even the way the camera moves, is all dripping with Scorsese's influence. It totally feels like a twisted alternate-porn version of Goodfellas and I love the hell out of it. 




 A lot of hate for Aussies? How so? 




 Sorry things didn't work out between you and your sister, bro  




 What an honor to be murdered by that man. I'm sure your family will understand. 




 It's not out here in Australia yet  




 Keitel has been in just as many Scorsese movies as Leo has.

And it's really weird that there's randomnly Cinematographers/editors/whatever for some and not for others. Most of these filmmakers tend to use the same cinematographers and editors for most of their movies, most famously the Coens and Roger Deakins, but instead there's a sound department guy.

But most importantly this is not what muse means. 




 I choose to believe it was a martial arts induced seizure 




 Can you tell us anything else interesting? No spoilers of course. 




 Wow the hypetrain for this movie is insane!

http://www.slashfilm.com/early-buzz-gareth-evans-the-raid-2-sundance-2014/

There are some awesome twitter quotes there.

Also, apparently the movie had the be paused half way through because a dude passed out. Several other viewers took this opportunity to leave because the movie was too "intense" and "violent"

 




 I feel like that whole whymsical non sensical fairy tale-esque world was an intentional reference to Adventure Time. Just a much darker version. 




 Call me crazy, but I thought that the dude that H Macy talks to on the phone about car registration numbers or whatever was also played by Bruce Campbell. 




 It's a shame that they don't do anything together anymore. They were clearly great friends in the 80s and 90s and loved working together. Although their careers have certainly gone in very different directions.

Joel was an assistant editor on Evil Dead. Joel and Ethan both wrote Crimewave, which Raimi directed. Sam Raimi had a cameo in Miller's Crossing. Joel and Ethan were credited as  'developers' for Darkman

Bruce Campbell was also in the Hudsucker Proxy, which Raimi co-wrote, had a small cameo in, and was the second unit director on.

Plus Raimi's A Simple Plan feels a lot like a Coen Brothers film.

And Sam Raimi and Joel Coen also both had cameos together in the 1985 Dan Akroyd and Chevy Chase comedy Spies Like Us for some reason. 




 Nice work man, congratulations! Your 'before' pic is pretty much exactly where I am now, so I'd love some tips. Especially with diet.

Also you looked like Timmy from WKUK 




 I'm both seething with jealousy and hiding a confusing erection.

What an offensively handsome man. 




 This scene was so so awesome, and everything that a movie like this should be, I just wish it were longer. 

I feel like the whole movie was steadily building up to this big epic finale, and then this scene was over within ten minutes to make room for a much more bland and disappointing final fight under the ocean.

Also I did not realize that part with the office building was done with a miniature. That's insanely cool.

How did this movie not get nominated for best special effects? 




 Turns out they were all hiding waiting to jump out, but then he pulled out his camera and started whining and saying how shitty everything and everyone was so they just waited for him to leave 




 One thing that seems to be different is I haven't seen any sort of vehicles or vehicular combat, which a huge part of what made Halo multiplayer so much fun for me 




 I really hope Jake Johnson isn't in it  




 This design probably has the slimmest thighs of all the Godzillas. (Aside from the  98 American version) 




 I think Colin Farrel has been going through kind of a semi come back since In Bruges  




 That's all I need to see to know I'm getting this day one.

Also, when's American Vampire coming back?  




 Go go Godzilla 




 Cool, great interview! The secrecy around this movie is *killing* me. Still so far away. 




 Me and my friend used to watch that movie aaaaall the time when we were younger. Thank you for reminding me that it exists so I can watch it again.

(It's called Road Kill here)  




 The Raid makes Dredd look like Power Rangers  




 Not for DVDs though  




 Harvey Keitel deserves to be in this

EDIT: Also Frank Vincent.  




 Where do all these crazy exotic super car show things keep happening? 




 Whoop, I misread your post and thought it said Asylum, not Origins 




 I was just wondering how do developers get the rights to use version cars and how complicated is the actual process?

It seems pretty simple, but then you have games that hardly feature any cars vs games with hundreds of cars, then a huge franchise like Forza not being able to use Porsches, then Need for Speed not having Ferraris for like a decade, but now their new game has them. Do developers pay to use a certain brand of car, and then use whatever they want, or do they have to pay by each car?  




 Long Halloween is an absolute must. Read it right away. 

Arkham City is actually a phenomenal Batman story, a super fun game, and a great expansion and compliment to Arkham Asylum, so definitely get right into that as soon as possible. Don't bother with Arkham Origins.

Then just go through the recommended reading on this sub teddies sidebar  




 Home is run no more  




 More like Thirst  




 Me and my friends watch this movie together at least once a year. So much fun. 




 This whole trailer is definitely a lot 'softer' and less brutal than the red band trailer. 




 Neil deGrasse Tyson and Kevin Smith are the best ones 




 Whoa this looks insane and huge!

The first one worked so well because of the simple, no bullshit, real time plot and structure, so I was a little worried that this one would have too many characters and subplots and just end up being silly. 

But this looks just as action packed and awesome as the first. One of my most anticipated movies of next year for sure. These guys know how to take what could be a relatively generic and boring martial arts action movie idea and make it insane and fresh and unique.

Although I'm a little bummed that Joe Taslim can't return, but even more excited that they managed to work Yayan Ruhian back into the mix. 




 I think Audis are the sexiest cars in the world, but I really prefer them with silver trim around the grill and windows 




 Dammit Scotty, you weren't supposed to know 




 I can't wait for him to reach his final form and become SnoopLord 




 The T-rex was not originally in the cargo hold. Watch again when it gets captured. It gets put into a cage, which sits on the deck of the ship. 

When the boat crashes into the dock, you can see the cage all busted up and broken open, and some of the chewed up crew members managed to lock it down in the cargo hold. 




 No 




 Less than one minute of screen time? What does he even do in the movie? 




 Also that scene from DKR was clearly an homage to the opening scene in Licence to Kill 




 All he said was he didn't want to hype Louis CK on his show. Seemed more like a joke about promoting another comedian on his show rather than talking shit about him. 




 I've just found Louis CK's [apartment](http://i.imgur.com/tX3kPJM.jpg?1) now on Google Maps thanks to this comment. I feel creepy. 




 I just watched the Chris Rock episode yesterday and I didn't hear anything like that 

EDIT: It was the Carl Reiner/Mel Brooks episode and it just seemed like a joke about Seinfeld not wanting to promote another comedian on his show. 
























 Literally every video on the internet has someone saying this word and I've never known what it means 




 I mean, it *does* look like a controlled demolition though. It's obviously not. But it looks like one. It just so happens that a controlled demolition and a collapse from an impact and burning fuel look very very similar because, duh Joe, that's what buildings look like when they fall down.

I think Joe is just used to saying whatever the hell he wants on his show with no repercussions, since it's a very casual non-formal podcast where anyone can talk about anything they want like friends hanging out.

Dunning on the other hand, is from a podcast where he is claiming to be scientifically accurate and constructive and influencing people's ideas and behaviour.

They're two completely different guys with completely different goals with completely different beliefs about what their responsibilities as a host of a podcast show are, and so their styles just clash horrendously and they can never really find any common ground.  




 That's especially annoying because during the full podcast every single point Dunning wanted to argue about, and all the negative things he said about Joe's show, were all based on him taking everything Joe said completely literally and then picking it apart to prove him wrong and make him seem like a dangerous liar. 




 I listened to this podcast when it first came out, and man, I love both these guy's shows, so this was pretty painful to listen to. 

I really hate how Dunning said "you're taking my words too literally" whereas absolutely  every single complaint Dunning had against Joe's podcast was based on taking all his words totally literally and then trying to pick them apart to prove Rogan to be wrong.

Dunning clearly wasn't expecting Rogan to fight back as much as he was, probably because whenever he debunks things on his Skeptoid podcast it's just him by himself talking to no one. But then Rogan also clearly doesn't give a shit about logical fallacies and scientific arguments and cares more about just chatting casually person to person, and the two styles do not mix at all. 

Dunning seemed to just keep trying to pick apart everything and anything he could to try to seem smarter, and Rogan was just so non-specific and all over the place. It made Dunning seem like a total petty douche bag, and made Rogan seem like he doesn't get a lot of points Dunning is making, or doesn't really care to.

I still enjoy both their podcasts, and they both seem like really nice dudes, but this podcast just went on and on and on in increasingly argumentative and petty circles that it was too infuriating to listen to.  




 what fer? 




 Yeah I'm pretty sure he is powered entirely by his nuclear reactor heart, that's why he can live at the bottom of the ocean for decades without needing to eat or breathe. 




 In Godzilla vs Mechagodzilla 2 they explicitly explain that he does infact have two hearts. 




 None of my non-Godzilla fan friends really liked it. They all thought it was 'okay' dumb fun but kinda boring. I liked it the most out of everyone. 

The Godzilla stuff all felt perfect, it just wasn't quite enough. The marketing made it seem like such a huge epic apocalyptic blockbuster, but the movie felt kinda 'small' 

Plus no one really seemed very surprised or horrified at learning of the existence of giant monsters. 




 I'm pretty excited. I'll be seeing it about 2 hours. I haven't been this pumped for a movie in years. I've convinced like 8 of my friends to come with me.

EDIT: just saw it. It was good. Not great. The entire second act just felt worthless, and for a movie with so little monster action, it didn't at all make use of the human characters. But when it got good, it was an incredible experience. Really well shot, all the bits with Godzilla were great, the first act felt really strong and like it was building to something great. But then it was just okay. 




 This sounds kind of ridiculous and not true. I seriously doubt any movie shoot would have the animatronics out on location all the way in Hawaii, and I'm having trouble picturing this movie having a scene where Bryce Dallas Howard gets graphically chewed on by a big animatronic dinosaur.

EDIT: [Frank Marshall](https://twitter.com/LeDoctor/status/466375292840574976) says this story is BS. 




 Absolutely perfect choice. 

One of my favourite composers around, everything he does is so fun and lively and interesting and full of energy. The only complaint I ever hear about him is that he's clearly very derivative of John Williams' style, and that's definitely an intentional thing.

So who better than to score the fresh new reboot of a classic film than the fresh new reboot of that film's composer 




 who? 




 Wow, this is probably the most accurate size chart to ever be posted here so far. Simple, easy to read, and the scale seems pretty close to perfect.

So [here's](http://i.imgur.com/ac2FO4v.jpg) a version with just the Godzilla's from the films
 




 I expect it to drop into the 60s during release week, but I'd expect it to even out to around 75-80% 




 Can we get a 'out of ten' rating, or at least a 'positive' or 'negative' or 'good' or 'bad' score next to each of the review links? 




 Yikes, this one's pretty negative 




 TLDR; 9/10

"Few recent films have had as much pre-release hype as Gareth Edwards Godzilla, as legions of devoted fans have hungrily devoured each new detail, tease, and marketing release. So, does it deliver? In a word: Yes.

Legendary Pictures' Godzilla origin story carries the weight of unwieldy expectations, but rather than buckle, it is ultimately a fantastic - though imperfect - example of the genre. Gareth Edwards both depicts what is beloved about this magnificent creature and creates a film that is distinctly its own entity, one that brings Godzilla to gorgeous new life. The Easter Eggs and nods to previous versions and additional suitmation favorites will likely be appreciated by sharp-eyed aficionados. If Edwards installment serves as your introduction to the King of the Monsters, though, theres plenty for you to enjoy as well."
 




 Where is this image from? 




 Edited my comment to explain the reasoning behind my preferences :)  




 I disagree but it is pretty dang fantastic .

The final fight in a The Raid 2 is incredible. It's so intricately and amazingly well choreographed, and is certainly an unmatched show of skill and technique. But the final fight in the first Raid just felt way more brutal and exciting, all three men were completely destroyed and battling to survive and you could feel the desperation and brutality, coupled with the emotional aspect of Rama trying to save his brother. 
Plus the Assassin wasn't nearly as well built up as an unstoppable killing machine as Mad Dog.

I never once felt that Rama was in any way close to losing the fights in the second movie. And while they were much more varied and better choreographed on a technical skill level, the first film had an insane sense of urgency and brutality and it constantly felt like Rama was only just barely surviving each encounter. Plus The Raid 2 had tonnes of fights that didn't even involve the main characters so the outcome didn't even really matter. 

Fucking amazing film though.  




 Is that Bluray one disc or two 




 I don't think it was that bad of a comment to make at all. Maybe not the *best* thing to say, but I truly think people were making a big deal out of it just to stir up controversy. 

So I guess that makes it even cringier that he couldn't think of a simple way of explaining himself. 




 Wow that's crazy. GMK is my all time favorite (so far)

Awesome fun fact  




 Oh wow that's awesome!  




 You'll have to put your experience playing Cut the Rope to the test to get that turd into the toilet  




 THERE ARE HOLES IN MY BELTS WHO PUT THESE HOLES IN MY BELTS
 




 They've been pretty good about it up until the last two weeks  




 That's some incredible animatronic work for something that's so hard to even see in the finished product. Practical animatronics have always been so interesting and amazing to me 




 I wonder what those real horses were thinking 




 No original ***3*** actors returning 




 Kind of? 




 Underwater battles would probably be way too expensive and difficult for a Toho Godzilla film, so the best we get is usually battles in the middle of the ocean where the water is inexplicably knee deep.  




 *I smell a sitcom!* 




 Jurassic Park movies have always had very very normal every day looking characters. They were always believable and real and were perfect for the 'ordinary person in an extraordinary situation' theme that Spielberg has always been great at.
I mean don't get me wrong, Neill and Goldblum and Dern are all good looking people, but they were realistically good looking, and were just ordinary realistically-aged unexceptional scientists who were out of their element.

This whole cast looks super young and fit and Hollywood-attractive, and people have even been saying Pratt is playing an ex-marine dinosaur wrangler.

Doesn't exactly seem like the same realistic relatable ordinary regular cast of characters we're used to from this franchise.

But hey, I'm sure it's no big deal and I'm still super excited for this movie in a big big way. 




 Do we know if there are any more of these Blurays coming? 




 He sure is pretty  




 I would love to see the comments on this  




 Because this isn't how evolution works. Humans did not evolve from chimps. This explains it pretty well! 
http://sufuns.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/infographic.png 




 I got really excited when I saw that Toho was releasing every single Godzilla movie on Blu-ray this year, only to find out that none of them will apparently have English subtitles. 

I've been trying to collect Godzilla DVDs for quite some time now, but it's so hard tracking them all down and figuring out which ones were released in which region. I have a couple that have dubs and subtitles, some with just subtitles, some with both the American and Japanese versions on one disc, and other films I simply can't find on DVD at all. And of course there's a handful of Godzilla movies on Blu-ray already but no where near a full collection.

I was super excited to just get all these new Blu-rays, but without subtitles they're pretty much useless to me, so I just don't know what to do about building the perfect collection.

Any help or advice from any other Godzilla collectors would be greatly appreciated. Anyone know if these new Toho Bluray releases might find themselves getting an international version with subtitles or am I just going to have to be happy with my hodge podge of mismatched Blurays and DVDs forever 




 Ugh she's even the first one to bring up her own tits in the comments  




 I don't think Jurassic park totally covers 100% of the entire island, and the guided tour wouldn't go around the entire property either  




 I would go for the original 1954 Godzilla, then the 1984 Godzilla, and then maybe Godzilla 2000. 
There are 3 distinct 'eras' of Godzilla, "Showa" starting with the 1954 original, "Hesei" starting with the 1984 Godzilla, and 'Millenium" starting with Godzilla 2000. Each era the timeline is 'rebooted' and starts fresh to be accessible for new viewers.

Godzilla vs Biollante, Godzilla vs Mothra (1992) Giant Monsters All Out Attack (my personal favorite) Tokyo S.O.S, and Godzilla vs Desotroyah are pretty highly regarded and very accessible and would probably be the best to watch before you start really getting deep into the weirdness that is the Godzilla franchise

Obviously this is leaving out a lot of the classics, (like Godzilla vs King Kong, Destroy All Monsters, Smog Monster, etc.) but I think starting on the older campier crazier Showa movies might be kinda jarring to modern viewers unfamiliar with Godzilla since they are pretty weird and cheap and out there, and aren't always easy to watch, and might need to be eased into after some more 'normal' Godzilla films.

You shouldn't really need to worry about any exact order or anything since most of the films are fairly stand alone so you can pretty much jump around as you wish. 

James Rolfe (AVGN) has a fantastic little series that briefly sums up each Godzilla film and explains the different eras and styles [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Avc4AS3AvcA list=PLAAD30B9523D89FAA), and I highly reccommend watching this first and then choosing your own order based on what appeals to you. 




 Does Godzilla kill all those kids in school buses on the bridge? 




 If your film club publishes it's reviews online in any way you should link it here 




 Awesome! Thanks for answering all our questions buddy. You're really getting us all super hyped and excited... and kinda filled with seething jealously as well. 




 First off, boo I am so jealous. Secondly, some spoiler free questions. 

How was it tonally? Was it as dark and apocalyptic as the trailers or was it a bit more summer blockbuster?

The trailers seem to be showing off a lot of Bryan Cranston and Ken Watanabe, how was Aaron Taylor Johnson as the lead?

Do we get the atomic breath?

Do we get decent story and character stuff outside of a typical big monster/disaster blockbuster movie?

We've heard a lot about not seeing a whole bunch of Godzilla until the final showdown in San Francisco. Mostly just glimpses and short sequences and a whole lot of build up. Is this accurate? If so, how does the first half handle not having much monster action? 

And most importantly, once we get to the big San Francisco sequence, how long is it and how much action do we get? Do we get some big extended city destruction like a lot of big action films have had recently?

It's so hard to avoid ruining this movie for myself. I'm trying not to read too much or even watch those new clips but the hype is so strong. Only 2 more weeks... 




 Yeah it's weird. Kev Smith really truly passionately *gets* Batman in a very emotional and powerful way. It's a shame he isn't really able to transfer that into his writing. But I could listen to him talk about Batman all day. His podcast is fantastic. 




 https://twitter.com/brian_tee/status/461951229371768832

Here's a picture suggesting that he will most probably be playing 'Hamada.' The bad ass Japanese game warden in the tradition of Muldoon from the leaked screen play excerpts.  









 Nope not at all. This movie takes place in Tokyo, Hawaii, Vegas and San Francisco  




 No more Colbert Report and no more Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson. This is indeed a disturbing universe.  




 But then you wouldn't get to hear such entertaining hilarious phrases like *"baller"* over and over again 




 I don't have a source but I seem to remember someone saying that if this sells well they were hoping to reignite the Oddworld franchise in a small indie way  




 Octodad just came out on PS4 last week and it still has a more annoying camera than this game 




 Looks like it ends with the astronaut husband dying in space at the same time his wife gives birth  




 My favorite terrible sound effect is [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7Dfi-b-qns) fence getting knocked down sound from Rollerball 




 The environment looks a little *too* barren. Like it's just sand and rocks. No towns or mountains or anything. 

I still think this game could be really fun. Stupid, and totally not in the spirit of Mad Max, but still fun. 




 I feel like if you tried to play it by yourself you'd just end up getting your arms all tangled in a knot pretty soon 




 The fight choreography in the second one, in terms of technical skill and variety, was absolutely incredible. But in terms of emotional impact and tension, the first was better. The first had a constant feeling of brutal desperation and intensity that the second didn't match. In the first it seemed like Rama was always constantly in the verge of death and just managed to claw his way to safety. Rama in the second never really seemed like he was ever close to losing a fight.  




 I had heard that Ethan Hawke is very much against children becoming actors. I assume due to his own experience, he once said something about children shouldn't be used as actors as it's ultimately unhealthy for the kid and can damage their childhood experience or something. So I'd be interested on heating him talk about the production of this film.    




 2 and 3 definitely had roughly as much animatronics as 1.

Phil Tippet said Jurassic World would not have very much animatronics at all and would be a very CGI heavy film. 




 Kualoa Ranch  




 Or a nurse  




 "It's going... chillfully... thus far.. I'm not.. uh"

"Elvis Presley.. the uh... famous... 50s... 60s and 70s... uhhmm... person. The, the, the, the, singer.. songwriter... that kind of thing"

Jesus Christ how can someone so pretentious and so obsessed with being interesting and intelligent and quirky be so utterly titanically unable to string a basic fucking sentence together. 




 It's intentionally unrealistic. It's 4chan.  




 That looked incredible!

I'm assuming it's slightly trimmed down for WonderCon though since it seemed a little rushed.

But holy cats everything about that was so awesome and scary and atmospheric and well directed and just everything you could want in a badass Godzilla movie! 




 That looked incredible! 

I'm assuming it's slightly trimmed down for WonderCon though since it seemed a little rushed. 

But holy cats everything about that was so awesome and scary and atmospheric and well directed and just everything you could want in a badass Godzilla movie! 




 Wow. I feel very un-Australian at the moment. I've lived here all my life, and I've heard this song countless times growing up, but I've *never* ever heard that chant before. 




 Oh man that sounds awesome! I'd love to be able to see it 




 How the hell is that story about smiles and cries?  




 I can't find him on that list 




 IMDb tells me he was the costume designer for Man of Steel, Watchmen, 300, Noah, TRON Legacy, Sucker Punch, Terminator Salvation, Sky High, and was nominated for an Oscar for his costume work on American Hustle. 




 I don't know about 'properly'

This isn't even slightly similar to the Jurassic Park look. 




 This is the greatest and best thing in the world 




 I think the CGI looks incredible, with the exception of that one shot of the wave hitting the beach with the dog barking in the foreground. It just doesn't seem real at all. Everything else in all the other shots looks perfect. 




 The CGI in Pacific Rim was handled by ILM, the CGI in Godzilla is by Weta. I tend to think ILM usually crafts the most incredible and realistic CGI in the film industry, but ever since King Kong Weta is definitely a close second. 

ILM is responsible for Jurassic Park, Pirates of the Carribbean and Transformers, Weta does the LOTR films, Avatar and the new Planet of the Apes movies 




 It's a lion it's huge 




 Topical  




 That is so insanely accurate 




 cis scum  




 What the fuck is happening here  




 Pretty sure this scene was shown at SXSW and the girl did in fact make it 




 I appreciate the feet being stocky and thick, it makes sense that they'd be huge and stable for such an impossibly massive beast, but I think they might be a little *too* stocky. 

It's a great idea, and I certainly don't want skinny dinosaur legs or anything, but it's a little too elephant like and seems like it might be veering more towards cartoony over realistic. Everything else about the design is perfect. 




  and Chris Pratt plays a dino wrangler with "a cowboy attitude".

Huh. First people were saying he was playing an ex-marine, now this. I don't know if either of those things have been confirmed officially, but an ex-marine dino wrangler seems kinda ridiculous and cheesy and cliche, even for a Jurassic Park movie. 




 Oh man I love Judy Greer 




 slappadyslappadapabadadap little kick  




 Man it feels so weird that this is all actually happening 




 I think Vinny has been doing a fantastic job of keeping everything positive and fun. He was always my favorite, but he has really stepped up as the heart and soul, and most of the laughs, ever since Ryan passed. Brad is still Brad. Drew has been doing a lot more, which is great. But Jeff seems even more grumpy and jaded than ever, which is totally understandable.  




 He died about a year ago 




 [Poor Nic always gets so much hate](http://img.pandawhale.com/post-30267-what-do-you-say-you-cut-me-som-E1On.gif) 




 But that's why he's so disappointed  




 I wish Brett Ratner would give up 




 Jesus this is horrible 




 Yeah watching this edit actually made me look up the show to see how terrible it was, and I ended up watching both full seasons. I actually enjoyed it a fair bit.

It's stupid and cheesy and can be horribly lame and cringy sometimes, but somehow less offensive than most reality shows around. A lot of the personalities were actually pretty fun to watch. There are always a few narcissistic delusional assholes on shows like this, but despite being quite awkward a lot of the time, some of them really seem like genuinely good people. 

Episodes are way too long and over-dramatized, but I was surprised at how much I got into it. And I usually really hate geexploitation shit like this. 




 This joke works on so many levels  




 Holy shit Ants in my Eyes Johnson was hilarious

I loved how like 90% of this episode was improv. This show just gets crazier and stranger and more brilliantly funny every episode. 




 I love Scarface as a fun over the top cheesy cartoon. It's so ridiculous and goofy and entertaining. It's a great movie, and I always enjoy watching it, but I have never really considered it to be a classic 'serious' gangster film. 




 I think Michael Fassbender is a spot on perfect young Ian McKellan, but James McAvoy is not a believable young Patrick Stewart at all. He's still a really great actor, and it worked in First Class since it seemed like a very different reboot-verse, but it might be weird seeing them together like this.  




 I'm pretty sure neither of those guys were actually in any scenes with JGL in the movie, so maybe that's why  




 How do you get different jackets  




 Go get your own dinner  




 He has denied it outright several times  




 Bullock looks great, Gordon looks terrible.
A gritty noir detective show set in Gotham styled after Gotham Central could be an amazing show. But this just looks lame.  




 I was hoping for a Hammond cameo more than anyone else, but I hope we at least get to hear about what's happened to him 




 He also spends the whole movie erasing things from his notepad and checking the time 




 Read Gotham Central 




 I hate Alien 3 and 4, but that boxset is still worth it for all the amazing special features that comes with it 




 I thought Justin Lin was supposed to be directing this  




 It looks like all the future timeline characters from the original trilogy, aside from Wolverine, Magneto and Prof X, don't have as big important parts as I once hoped 
























 The bodybuilder has Quentin Tarantino's face.
 




 Really? Where? 




 Which was the space opera one?  




 No 




 I am so excited for Heart of the Sea 




 euch what a dumb unfunny thing 




 I imagine just the setting and story of the new movie, but it'll be full of references and homages to the original like the Lego games are so good at. Also since Lego games always have like a million playable characters to unlock I wouldn't be surprised if some older characters turn up. 




 Miho Hatori (at least I think that's the name of the girl singing this song) was also the voice for Noodle in Gorillaz' 19-2000  




 She was so boring and generic and dull as Catwoman  




 This is a joke. This is Ryan Davis of GiantBomb. Very very hilarious fun dude and he is clearly making a very obviously joke here. He died about a year ago unfortunately 




 Who?  




 Not really hidden. 

And more like 4 minutes of various clips as opposed to a full movie. 




 Asked Alex Hutchinson on Twitter and he said [no weapon degradation] (https://twitter.com/BangBangClick/status/501757393190285312) 




 Ah yes I see it! I really hope that is in fact a weapon degradation bar. Although it's strange that it's not also present on your weapon wheel. I'd really love it to be in the game! 




 But the new gameplay demos from Gamescom haven't shown anything like that have they? 




 I've seen many many commenters on here saying things like "since weapon degradation is back..." or "it's good that weapon degradation is back..." but I can't find any interviews or videos saying that this is the case? I'd really love for it to be back just as much as anyone, but it seems like people are assuming without there being any confirmation.

EDIT: Asked Alex Hutchinson on Twitter and he said [no weapon degradation] (https://twitter.com/BangBangClick/status/501757393190285312) 




 I'm no tank expert at all or even anything close, but maybe that's exactly why they're circling it? Trying to out maneuver it and keep moving and firing so it can't destroy them with a single shot? 




 Legitimately one of the funniest movies I've seen, and actually made me really sympathetic and teary-eyed toward the protagonists towards the end. Just so happens to be about terrorists trying to blow up innocent civilians. That's some pretty good writing  




 Jeremy Irons in [Dungeons and Dragons](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28snhq40C8o) 




 All the other FarCry games had vehicles in multiplayer. FC3 tried to make the multiplayer serious and overcomplicated and it just felt like a generic COD rip off. In the old FarCry games multiplayer was all about big customized maps and running people down and crashing and silly but simple Battlefield style madness with friends. 




 Most of the military dudes I know don't shut up about how much better they are than 'civvies' for all their sacrifices for their country 




 Not so much caring and honest then  




 I'm pretty sure this is from a movie that came out this year where Robin Williams plays a guy with a terminal disease, so it's not THAT crazy 




 Aren't Slightly Mad already releasing Project Cars this year? 




 California isn't an island  




 So does the first 




 It is in fact supposed to be melted chocolate. Harry gets melted chocolate all over the bathroom after it melts in his pants and Bob Saget mistakes it for shit.  




 Felt especially familiar for me since I lived like 5 minutes away from where that all happened  




 It looks stupid as shit, but I'm a sucker for aliens and Michael Ironside so I'll still see it 




 Do all vehicles that get released in multiplayer dlc get added to singe player too?  




 Hey that lonely white trash is somebody's son  




 "Hes not like Peter Quill. Theres not much humour, I think hes a little more John Wayne than Marty McFly. Hes deadly serious. There are comedic elements in the film, just not coming from my character."

Huh. I don't think I've ever seen Chris Pratt play a character like that. I obviously wasn't expecting a character as funny and wacky as Andy or Starlord, but I certainly wasn't expecting this. I'm interested to see how this goes.

Theres humour but then, from page 25 on, theres not that much to laugh about.

This is also interesting. I'm no expert, but that seems pretty early for things to go wrong. One of my favorite aspects about Jurassic Park was that we got through almost the entire first half of the movie with *pretty much* no dinosaurs or deaths, and I was really hoping to get a good long exploration of the new park and how it works and functions and people interacting with it and how the dinosaurs exist in the park before everything goes bad.

I really can't wait for a trailer because I still feel like I have no solid idea of what the general tone and direction of this movie will be. I'm excited. 




 Looks cool. Any more pics? I love Audis but know nothing about this particular model. Why is it so rare and what's special about it 




 Invasion of the Body Snatchers  




 Jeez that article took a damn long time to get to the point. Basically it's saying we should stop referring to the alien in the Alien franchise as a Xenomorph, since it isn't the real name of the alien, just a vague term they use to describe a life form they haven't documented yet. Well duh. Xenomorph sticks because it's the only name anyone ever gave it and it's better than the Alien alien.  




 this isn't even slightly cringy  




 From the thumbnail I thought it was gonna be a joke with the kid standing on a crack in the pavement 




 I want to be spoiled 




 I suck at math, but if you could guess roughly how many hours he spent running, and estimate what his average running speed would be (probably faster than an average man, maybe mid-tier athlete speed) then you could maybe work it out that way.

I haven't seen the movie in ages but didn't he run for pretty much a whole day straight from when he escaped from the city to where his wife was stranded back at their village, give or take a couple hours. 

I don't think there's any way at all to get a real answer but you could get a rough estimation. 




 Yeah, but out here the geese chase you 




 I'm Australian and I heard it at school all the time as a kid 




 The Counselor, Prometheus, Oceans 13, Bonfire of the Vanities  




 Everything about it was weird and wrong and awkward and desperately unfunny 




 I just finished it on Hard and got all 299 Mudokons, nowhere near under 3 hours of course. Holy crap it's insanely difficult. 

Surprisingly I found it got way way easier once you return to Rupture Farms. Paramonia and Scrabmania were nightmarish ordeals.
 




 "It's BONKERS  weird, weird, weird," one person who saw the film told me. "It made me laugh out loud several times, but not in the ways you might expect. The humor is not so much 'Boogie Nights,' as I think a lot of people are expecting. For reals, it tips into, like, Zucker Bros.-level gags and broad humor."

PTA is one of my favorite directors working today, and I'm really looking forward to this film. But I really hope there's a trailer some time soon so I can figure out what the hell this movie is. 




 I think their current idea is perfect as it works as both. I just hope they pull it off. What I would never want is a remake. 




 Yeah, you can tell from looking at the eyes and mouth that it's just a display sculpture and doesn't have any animatronics or articulation at all 




 I'm loving the lots of enemies and guns and fast paced chaos, but the karate and fatalities sound super dumb  




 Huh. I always thought I was straight. And now this... 




 Young actor? Mark Ruffalo is 46. 2 years older than Peter Falk was when Colombo started. 




 Man, that is the best. Congratulations on what will surely be an insanely awesome wedding. And extra congratulations for having a partner awesome enough to be down with a wedding like this. 




 Either your emcee or your priest better be dressed as Hammond  




 Sounds like a pretty safe bet. 

I just hope the raptors and T-Rex don't get sidelined too much to make room for the D-Rex. I don't mind a new villainous dinosaur for the new movie, but a fictional made up new dinosaur pushing my beloved raptors out of their well deserved screen time is not what I want at all.  




 A petting zoo, walk through aviary and rafting seem like really really bad ideas. 

But at least Jimmy Fallon will be there to make it seem safe and friendly. I hope he talks to Mr. DNA 




 It's also weird that there's two dinosaurs that are so incredibly similar, Baryonyx and Suchomimus, and yet no Dilophosaurus or Corythosaurus or even Brachiosaurus 




 My PS3 is still a better media centre than my PS4. Were the stories of these features being worked on true, or am I just never going to be able to properly use my PS4 to watch movies 




 I like this more than the real one 




 That's maybe the strangest thing I've seen on this sub 




 I haven't watched any of The Hobbit films, and this video isn't the best quality, but holy cow everything in this scene looks super fake and cartoony. The fake backdrop, the weird faces, the way the camera floats around all jerky and unnaturally. Then the horse at the end is just absolutely awful. 

Are the whole movies like this? I think this submission is especially bad because these are huge mega budget hollywood films. 




 I always just laughed at this video without ever really bothering to think why she would be doing this, but that's actually really cool 




 Definitely Nedry. Wayne Knight made a lot of sounds just like that a few times on Seinfeld when doing crazy laughs and screams and whatnot. Plus later in the movie when the can is opened there's no loud squeal sound at all.  




 I loved Confessions of a Dangerous Mind 




 Basically, if this game (out on PS4 July 22) sells 250k copies, Abe's Exoddus will be remade in the same fashion. If it sells 500k, a new original Oddworld game will be made to continue the Oddworld pentalogy planned back when the original game was made. 









 Basically, if this game (out on PS4 July 22) sells 250k copies, Abe's Exoddus will be remade in the same fashion. If it sells 500k, a new original Oddworld game will be made to continue the Oddworld pentalogy planned back when the original game was made. 




 great film to watch with mom ;) 




 Is season 10 the last season? 




 This was my first episode 




 This really makes me wish you could buy new property in single player 




 Didn't they tease some crazy awesome sounding project where John Hillcoat was going to make a movie in the Red Dead Redemption engine, and then it just ended up being the first couple cut scenes from the game from different angles or something lame

Might as well put that in the GTA theatre 




 The Hakosuka Skyline is pretty much my favorite car, so the Warrener is really the car I'm most excited about making it into next gen GTA! 




 I haven't played GTA Online at all, I completed GTA 5 on Xbox and was waiting for Online to be working properly before I started playing again but I never did. But I'm still super keen to get GTA 5 when it releases on next gen systems. One of the things I'm really excited about is all the new awesome vehicles and weapons that have been released on GTA Online since launch. 

I was just wondering, will all these new updates be available for use in single player? Do all the new vehicles and weapons currently become available for purchase by Michael/Trevor/Franklin once you've installed the GTA Online updates?

Rockstar had this to say 

"All new content and gameplay created since the launch of Grand Theft Auto Online, including an extensive array of new Jobs, an arsenal of new weapons, scores of new vehicles, new properties and player customizations will also be available for the PlayStation 4 system, Xbox One and PC with much more to come. In addition, the current community of players will have the ability to transfer their Grand Theft Auto Online characters and progression to their choice of PlayStation 4, Xbox One or PC," 

So if we buy the game on a next gen system of some kind, will all these new things be available for purchase in single player from the start? 




 This really made me want to watch the whole episode. This is so insanely hilarious on so many levels.  




 Wasn't this movie 'finished' and supposed to come out in like 2012? 




 And blackjack. And hookers. 




 There are some fairly big spoilers in this. I wouldn't watch this video if you haven't already seen the film. 




 Well we already know Wu is back  




 The director Gareth Evans said on Twitter that the censored version is only a few frames shorter than his original edit, so this isn't really a big deal at all  




 The Meat Circus in Psychonauts  




 He said that the scene where Carrie showed Doug her asshole blew his mind as a child 




 Wasn't that in Lucky Louie? 




 The exact same cast? 




 In the first movie there are several references to Dwight having a "new face" that makes him hard to recognize. Josh Brolin will be portraying his old face. I wouldn't be surprised if Clive Owen gets a brief cameo at the end  




 Wait, it's THE Hanna Barbera Birdman? I thought it was just a generic bird themed superhero. That's awesome. 




 This movie gets real cheesy and stupidly ridiculous in the second half. Great premise, great cast, terribly over the top and disappointing execution. Pretty entertaining though.  




 Zimbabwe  




 She miscarried from the physical strain of singing? I didn't know that was possible  




 Well as an Australian I know how this feels 




 The first one was fantastic. The rest were pretty bad 




 This is the one game that is making me kind of regret buying a PS4. Forza was the only Microsoft exclusive franchise I ever liked, and Forza Horizon was by far my favorite in the series. I never though they'd make a sequel though. 




 Alpha Dog!  




 This is such a goddamn stupid idea. Well done on the art though. 




 Whatever, this made me really want to watch this show 




 Ah okay. That's pretty cool. I wish The Russo brothers were directing Terminator 5 instead of the Thor 2 guy. Then maybe I'd be excited for it. 




 Weren't the paintball episodes directed by Justin Lin of Fast and Furious 3-6 




 God had to kill Mel Gibson's wife just to deliver him the important message that he should probably hit an attacking alien with a baseball bat.  




 Yeah obviously the cars rotate, otherwise how would the people inside ride them safely  









 I love learning about classic films and discovering the cinema greats, but a lot of them are quite slow or uninteresting to friends and family, so I always have to watch them alone. 

What are some great classics that one could watch with friends and family that will still feel fun and fresh and aren't as 'dated' to people who aren't super into old films? 




 I heard she and Doug Hutchinson broke up. If these crazy kids can't make it what hope do any of us have 




 Is Cretacious Cruise a raft ride along a river? If it is that's a pretty goddamn awesome way to incorporate that reference to the original book! 




 I know there's been a Vice City Stories and Liberty City Stories, and the GTA 4 dlc was Episodes from Liberty City, but had there been a Los Santos Stories?

If this does end up being a new game, and not just someone trademarking the name for whatever other reasons, I wonder if it'll be GTA 4 style dlc or a whole new game like the other City Stories games. Although the GTA 4 dlc was pretty much 2 whole new games anyway. 




 It looks like there's a ghost behind batman  




 Okay, but what's under *that* suit?  




 I'm seeing some very heavy Lee Bermejo influence  




 Animal Kingdom and Chopper are my favourites, and yes The Rover looks awesome. Dirty Deeds is a good funny crime movie, and Adventures of Priscilla Queen of the Desert is another great comedy. Gallipoli is great, and although I haven't seen it, I've heard nothing but good things about The Square. 

But really the most famous Australian classic that everyone loves is Mad Max 




 Oh man I was also at this expo today and took the same exact picture. 
 




 Ugh I can't imagine how pissed and uncomfortable Conan must have been after that. That drummer is a douchenozzle  




 Yeah, definitely. I don't think either of these guys were willing to own up to anything. The conversation just kept going in circles and it was supremely frustrating.  
























 So far we have barren desert and lush jungle. It would be amazing to have a windswept mountainous snow map. I don't know how many maps there are supposed to be in the final game, but at least one more doesn't seem unrealistic, and that'd give us the widest variety of terrains for missions. 




 I'm pretty sure it's just gonna be that little mini metal gear thing we've seen  




 What two colours did you use?  




 This is like the twentieth time this has been posted this week  




 They also kill Blofield which would be such a waste  




 Mountains of Madness obviously  




 I thought the first hour of that movie was brilliant but then it went downhill real fast  




 Rescue Dawn or American Psycho 




 Still pretty funny 




 Shsuke Kaneko directed GMK: Giant Monsters All Out Attack, which is my all time favorite Godzilla film tied with the first. And he also directed the absolutely incredible Gamera trilogy. 

I think this guy balances campy B-movie fun and legitimately awesome action in a really fantastic way, and I've never seen any director make dudes in rubber suits look as cool and epic as he can.
 









 Would have been funnier if you could still faintly hear Eminem's muffled rapping through the phone 




 Mark Millar is so terrible  




 They may  




 I put in Horror, Sci-Fi, and Thriller as genre, anything between 1980 and 2014, and with a rating of 6 and up. 

It gave me Slumdog Millionaire and some movie called Udaan, and just kept alternating between those two no matter what.

So great 




 I love having fun in my movies and i love cheesy Godzilla movies but Final Wars had like 3 good action scenes separated by long stretches of very boring, very not fun stuff. Unfortunately about two third of Godzilla movies are like that, including the 2014 American one.

GMK Giant Monsters All Out Attack is my favorite Godzilla movie. 




 My PS3 and regular Sony bluray player are still a better media centres than my PS4. Were the stories of these features being worked on true, or am I just never going to be able to properly use my PS4 to watch movies 




 My PS3 and regular Sony bluray player are still a better media centres than my PS4. Were the stories of these features being worked on true, or am I just never going to be able to properly use my PS4 to watch movies 




 You mean The Raid 2. Redemption was the first one  




 Those are more revenge movies than vigilantism. Vigilantism movies tend to be positive towards the violence portrayed by the protagonists, whereas revenge movies tend to be more anti-violence. They are very very similar tropes and there is a lot of overlap

*GOOD* revenge movies tend to show that revenge is ultimately futile. Violence ends in heartbreak and destruction and corruption, the the protagonist is usually worse off in the end. A good revenge movie shows how letting emotions and rage and violence control you is the ultimate evil. Much like the movies you listed.

Bad revenge movies (and most vigilantism movies) are about how cool and fun it is to kill everyone you want and how it solves all your problems and the protagonist wins in the end. Like in Boondock Saints. 




 I'm pretty sure Mission Impossible 6 has been shooting in both Austria and Morocco earlier this year.  




 Took me a while to realize this was in the style of the original octopus logo 




 I'm new to the whole figures and statues thing, so I don't know anything about who makes the best/most affordable/which series/collection is best. Is there a specific website or company I should buy from if I want a nice consistent set 




 Now that the Blista Compact everyone loves is back, how does everyone feel it compares to the Futo? I think the Futo looks a lot cooler, but the Blista was always one of my favorites in previous GTAs. Which one do you think is better in terms of speed or handling or even customization? 




 I remember it being incredibly popular at the time  




 I picked up the hitchhiker who told me to invest in Tinkle, so I put all my characters money into Tinkle stick on BAWSAQ, but the stocks never rose. Do they go up immediately after I drop him off or should I sleep for a couple hours or days or what? 

Im connected to the Internet, and I believe that's required for BAWSAQ, plus I have multiple saves so I can just reload and pick him up again.  




 He looks a lot whiter. When playing Just Cause 1 and 2 I felt like I was pretty obviously playing as fake Antonio Banderas, and I loved his black stylized Desperado inspired uniform. This looks a little more like generic white video game tough guy. But it is just concept art and it's hard to tell without seeing him in game and hearing him talk.  




 This sums up pretty well why I'm not super keen on Jurassic World. The first movie took a crazy idea, and made it seem realistic and grounded and possible, which made the dinosaurs all the more amazing. Jurassic World just looks like a ridiculous cartoon fantasy world. 




 Oh man... That looks ridiculous  




 The CGI gate was one thing, but the unescorted children in a glass hamster ball inside a dinosaur enclosure mere feet away from an animal that could easily crush them was especially silly and ridiculous.  




 I just finished the campaign, but 3 of the story progress trophies did not unlock. The Bureau Raid, the Submarine heist, and the big final score. I have never used any cheats and as far as I know I didn't skip anything or miss anything. I went back and replayed the missions, but still no trophy.
 Has this happened to anyone else? 




 I just finished the campaign, but about 3 of the story progress trophies did not unlock. I have never used any cheats and as far as I know I didn't skip anything or miss anything. Has this happened to anyone else? 




 If James Gunn didn't cast him then he is an IDIOT AND A SAVAGE  




 Chopper 




 Just some good natured ribbing  




 Does it automatically use your Social Club account, or does it make you log in to do it? Basically, if someone gives me permission, can I use someone else's Social Club account for the transfer so I can import their character to my save? 




 Probably would have been a lot more high pitched screeching  




 Wait until it's out 




 What's a man gotta do to get some damn chicken in Los Santos

Also I miss shooting up the hospitals in GTA 4 




 That sounds awesome. It'd be cool if the title is revealed to be Icebreaker some time soon 




 The part where he followed a woman home and then impersonated her boyfriend so he could have sex with her was pretty fucked up 




 I remember Robert Rodriguez saying Antonio Banderas did the same thing during Desperado  




 There's an article on Gameinformer conforming this to be in the game.  




 I just hope it means that there'll still be enemies and compounds and stuff to destroy once you own all the bases  




 Speed. For a fast paced non stop action thrill ride literally called SPEED the opening titles are a really long tedious pan up a boring elevator shaft with ugly blue WordArt. 




 Alex Hutchinson has said that it's the best one yet, but there haven't been any official announcements or trailers 




  Character Transfer
 You will need a Rockstar Games Social Club account linked to the console accounts used when previously playing GTA Online.
 When entering GTA Online, you will be given the option to transfer your previous GTA Online character and progression data. Once you have chosen to transfer your previous character and progression data, the transferable in-game money, RP and Rank of all previous characters will be displayed. These are the characters that will be transferred to the PlayStation4 or Xbox One. Once the transfer has completed, you will be prompted to choose a character and enter GTA Online.
 You will still be able to play your existing characters on PlayStation3 and/or Xbox 360, however any progress made with versions of the characters on those systems after a transfer will remain on those systems only. Any existing PlayStation4 or Xbox One GTA Online character and progression data will be replaced by the previous character and progression data during the transfer, except for any existing in-game money, which will be combined with your transferred balance.
 All earned in-game money will transfer. Purchased in-game money that has not yet been spent will only transfer within a console family (e.g. PlayStation3 to PlayStation4).

So next gen and last gen characters will now be separate across both platforms. So would someone on last gen who does not wish to purchase the new version of the game be able to essentially 'give' a next gen player their GTA Online account? The last gen version will remain, so as long as that person isn't planning on upgrading, they won't lose anything and can keep playing, and then a next gen player would be able to start with a GTA Online character that's already leveled up and wouldn't have to worry about grinding to unlock stuff.

Basically, if a friend A has the game on last gen and doesn't want to buy the new version, and friend B buys the next gen version but doesn't want to have to start from nothing, would friend B be able to use friend A's Rockstar account once to log in and get their character, or is it locked to the Rockstar account you already have 




 Handling and physics still need some serious tweaking.

The UI is really overbearing and messy

The rubber banding is very frustrating

Too many long loading screens and cutscenes and other screens and pop ups to click through stopping me from getting back into the game. 


I really think this game is super cool and has amazing ideas and has the potential to be an incredibly fun and massive experience. Ivory Tower has certainly worked really hard to make such an ambitious game come together and I so badly want it to work. But I just don't think it's quite there yet.  




 You can only do free roam stuff with a friend, side missions, outposts and fortresses, activities, anything in the open world map. The campaign missions are single player only. I don't think there's split screen at all. 




 It's certainly a really really cool game conceptually, and I really love pretty much all the ideas and features, but the execution isn't quite there yet and it still feels like it needs some serious fine tuning 




 Ray Wise was in Xmen: First Class? I might need to watch that movie again 




 Don't forget Tony Jaa at 51 seconds in 




 Is this game really 1080p at 60fps or is that just what this was recorded at 




 This movie looks great but this trailer is absolutely terrible 




 That certainly sounds wacky  




 I was happy to see a video that wasn't just a clip of a children's cartoon or some loud rap music being played over something random 




 COMINAYYEEAAAHHAAAAA 




 Bright green, bright yellow or bright orange. Otherwise it just ain't right.  




 What a great spoof and a goof 




 I don't remember that quote at all!
That's alone from Boogie Nights 




 Both are produced by Legendary Pictures  




 Especially because all these trailers have showed pretty much no story and actually very little content  




 Alex Hutchinson specifically said it would [not be back](https://twitter.com/BangBangClick/status/501757393190285312)
 




 This is incredibly poorly choreographed and shot. I have no idea what OP is talking about. This is literally the exact opposite of everything that made the Heat shoot out great. 

This is just like every shitty derivative action movie shootout that came out in the early 2000s. Terrible music, nonsense choreography, amateur editing. Trying way too hard to be cool poorly crafted mindless killing in the style of a cheesy music video. 




 Alex Hutchinson specifically said there would be [no weapon degradation](https://twitter.com/BangBangClick/status/501757393190285312)
 




 You guys should go on Elimidate  




 The correct title is the Age of Cage 




 Hopefully some Audi and Toyota and Subaru  




 But if you could say...  




 David Fincher maybe? Crazy obsessive perfectionist who makes a wide variety of dark heavy risky mature films that are artistically daring and complex, absolutely meticulously beautiful, and all seem to achieve fairly wide mainstream critical and financial success without ever feeling dumbed down for the summer superhero market.

That's just my opinion anyway.  




 Awesome, thanks!  




 Question for those of you who have played the betas, are there radio stations in this game? Are there multiple kinds with different genres of music like Forza Horizon? Or is it just a general game soundtrack like Need for Speed?  




 I've always liked Rosamund Pike, but I never knew she was capable of a performance as incredible as this 




 I'm not trying to be a troll or a hater or anything so sorry if this seems harsh, I'm just a disillusioned Sony/driving game fan.

Servers still aren't working so I can't really comment on the social club aspects, but after playing it all day I'm incredibly disappointed. Firstly, the graphics are amazing, so that's a plus. I also think the driving physics are fine. But it's so depressingly bare bones. And I don't just mean the PS Plus version.

Now, I wasn't expecting a big Forza Horizon style game at all, and I'm certainly not a Forza or Xbox fanboy just trying to bash the game. I knew this was a simple, small game with a clear direction. I was very excited for this game and was really hoping it'd be fun. Unfortunately after about five minutes of playing there's absolutely nothing new or fun to see.

The full game doesn't have a very big or varied car selection at all, no American or Japanese cars of any kind, only three game modes, only one of which is worth playing, no customization, no tuning, no worthwhile options or replayability to be found. You can't even go slightly off the road without a big timer threatening to reset you for some reason, the game slows down your car as a penalty if you so much as slightly cut a corner or hit the AI too many times, and the AI is pretty oblivious and sketchy so this happens a lot. The game just feels so small and restrictive and aggressively mediocre and boring. Just seems like a really basic stripped down simple game with nothing at all going for it aside from having nice visuals and the fact that Forza isn't on Playstation. Plus even the social stuff I don't yet have access to isn't exactly super exciting either.

Obviously going into this game I knew it wasn't going to have tonnes of depth or any customization or anything. I wasn't expecting a massive game and I don't want to put bodykits or anything on my car, but you can't even play around with ABS or traction control or even change the color of the stock car. The game is constantly restricting you and denying you and penalizing you. It's hard to believe a big budget retail game released in 2014, after a year long delay, could be this empty and pointless.

I know there's some updates coming after launch (after a whole goddamn year long delay) but I can't imagine I'd still be playing this game by then.

The game is very very pretty, and I do actually think the driving physics are okay, it could have and should have been good, but it's so incredibly boring and shallow and empty and lifeless. Even if the full version was free I don't know if I'd keep playing it. This game just brings absolutely nothing new or interesting or fun to the table. There are a million driving games on the market already and this game seems like a huge step down compared to pretty much all of them. 




 I'm not s die hard Xbox fanboy at all and I think the game sucks. I was really hoping it'd be great and I was really looking forward to it but it's so boring and bland and lifeless and devoid of any fun features or replayability at all  




 Graphics are amazing. But it seems super bare bones. And I don't just mean the PS Plus version.

The full game doesn't have a very big or varied car selection, no American or Japanese cars of any kind, not a lot of game modes, no real customization, no real interesting options or replayability, just seems like a really basic stripped down simple game with not a whole lot going for it aside from having fantastic visuals and the fact that Forza isn't on Playstation. Plus the social stuff isn't exactly super exciting.

Still seems like it might be fun for a little while though so I'll definitely be playing the free version. Sure is pretty at least. 




 Yeah but DDL is praised because he gives incredible performances. Unlike Shia. 




 I have never seen him give an especially good performance. He was kind of okay in Lawless but still couldn't make me sympathize with his character at all.  




 Yeah and for show would still be at least once per weekday in a heavily populated theme park 




 Yeah but surely it's not legal or cost-efficient to feed giant sharks to dinosaurs every day 




 I'm super excited for this movie but this description sounded really crazy and dumb. 

For a movie about dinosaurs on the loose in modern day, Jurassic Park was all fairly grounded and realistic. The park and the way it operated and the science behind it made it feel real. This just sounds like really over the top crazy fantastical sci fi nonsense that is way too far removed from reality for me to care about. 

Muzzled raptors, kids in gyrospheres in an enclosure with giant theropods, feeding great white sharks to dinosaurs, genetically engineered super-dinosaur monsters. I really hope it doesn't end up being as ridiculous and unbelievable as it sounds. 




 I seem to remember he was actually going to play Micky Wolfman 




 I really hope so. The cars that are in the game are all very nice, but it's such a small line up with very very little variety.  




 In terms of sexual themes it was definitely more disturbing to me personally.  Fight Club and Se7en had more violence and just dark themes throughout the whole film though. Although I haven't seen Girl With the Dragon Tattoo so I don't know how it compares to that.  




 There's like two fairly quick but slightly graphic-ish sex scenes, and then one reeeeeal messed up graphic horrible thing  




 This is the only scene in the entire movie I didn't like. After how fucked up everything got everyone seemed way too okay with it. 




 Definitely sounds like raptors attacking a woman on a tennis court. Sounds pretty darn graphic and dark for a Jurassic Park movie. Do we have any idea where this audio is coming from? If it's from a reliable source who was on location then that's interesting, and it's pretty common for sound effects to be played on set for people to react to since they'd be using CGI, but realistically anyone could make these sounds at home pretty easily.  




 Alex Hutchinson said [no](https://twitter.com/BangBangClick/status/501757393190285312) 




 There is no weapon degradation  




 You won't regret it. Their premium videos became the highlight of my week  




 I am! One of my all time favorite giantbomb features!  




 That really doesn't look like Clooney  




 This makes me feel a lot better as a short man child 




 Which episode?  




 I've yet to start the Batman Incorporated storyline, although I have read all of Morrison's work leading up to it. I am planning to purchase the Pre-New 52 Batman Incorporated paperback, and then both Volume 1 and 2 of the New 52 Batman Incorporated. 

I'm kinda confused by the fact that the new 52 paperbacks are titled Volume 1: Demon Star and Volume 2: Gotham's Most Wanted. When I look up the storyline on Wiki it says pre-52 was Volume 1, and New 52 is Volume 2. I just want to make sure I'm buying the right books and reading them in the right order without missing anything or making any redundant purchases. So is pre-52 part 1, and then New 52 is part 2, but then part 2 is split into Volumes 1 and 2?

I'm so confused. Is there a paperback that collected Demon Star and Gotham's Most Wanted into one book?  




 Some of the ideas seem potentially interesting. Playing as a Triad enforcer and doing all sorta of open world crime side quests looks interesting, but not as a whole game.

Online only and no story is the exact opposite of what I wanted from a sequel. I have lost pretty much all interest at this point. 




 The fight scenes in The Raid are incredible and brutal and amazing and superbly well choreographed but they are not realistic at all 




 Okay. Wow. I feel like I should read some Spawn. Where should I start? 




 What I especially love and find super impressive about the long takes in the cutscenes that they also transition seamlessly into gameplay. So not only are the cutscenes one long take, when they switch seamlessly to gameplay it's like there aren't even any cutscenes or edits of any kind at all! Makes it feel like one big long single epic scene. It's amazing! 




 He's always talking about his twins  




 Christ he is trying SO hard  




 I didn't like either VHS movie but I looooved this particular little story. Plus it's from the director of The Raid films 




 Well that looks insanely cool. I don't like any of the Killzone games at all but I'll check out a Viking vs robo-dinosaurs game any day 




 His head is gigantic  




 I really like this one. It's basically a remake of the film Man Bits Dog, which I really enjoyed. Ryan Kwanten does surprisingly well and is really funny and likable, yet still believably insane.  




 Oh wow that's awesome! I've never seen that before. This game has so much cool hidden stuff 




 Alien under ice? 




  Players must have previously completed the Prologue in Grand Theft Auto V on PlayStation3 or Xbox 360 while connected to the PlayStationNetwork or Xbox Live respectively.
 A Rockstar Games Social Club account and a current PlayStationNetwork and/or Xbox Live account will be required to unlock this content on PlayStation4, Xbox One or PC.

Oh boy, I hope this doesn't screw over all of us who played it on Xbox 360 but have now moved to PS4
 




 I'm sure it won'y be too far off once the next gen versions are out 
























 I've always thought that stunt performers and choreographers deserved to be recognized at the Academy Awards. I know a lot of people might look down on action movies, but I don't see how this category would be any less deserving than any special effects or other technical categories.

This year we've had Avengers, Fast and Furious and Mad Max, and we've still got Star Wars, Mission Impossible and Spectre to come. 

Obviously this year has been a hell of a year for stunt performers and choreographers, and would be the perfect year to finally show some respect towards people who literally risk their lives for entertainment.

Edit: This YEAR not tear. Dammit. 




 This seems like it'd be the climax of a comedy of errors movie where Nic Cage accidentally becomes a politician and eventually has to give a speech that he forgot to prepare for. 




 This is my favourite 'Lovecraftian' movie  




 Pretty sure he appears when Simon Pegg is walking towards Timothy Dalton's office in the supermarket. Simon is walking towards camera and Edgar quickly passes by in front of him. 




 I hope it shows DD using a knife like in that leaked snippet.

Also, was it ever confirmed that there was more than Afghanistan and Africa as locations in the game? A lot of people have been saying there's a third, and I was hoping for a snowy forest/tundra environment, but the release is very close and it doesn't seem like anything official has said there's any more than 2. 




 Too soon 




 The part about the sky opening up to reinvigorate Superman's powers sounds super cool, but aside from that I much prefer how it played out in the comic  




 But cassettes of his music can be found and listened to in MGSV so he must exist  




 "Heelloooo" *schluuck*

ew 




 Yeah this looks really bad, but I think both Jim Jefferies and Alex Williamson are hilarious. Too bad this is the project that brings them together. 




 Amazing! 




 This is my favorite video from E3. This is insane  




 It totally looks like Rico has space for 4 weapons. 2 two-handed weapons on his back and 2 one-handed weapons on his hips. But apparently you can only carry 3 weapons at a time. 

P.S this game looks ridiculous and amazing and is definitely one of my most anticipated games for this year  




 The T-Rex is not in the cargo bay when he is shipped over on the boat, he's in that big cage on the deck. He breaks out of the cage, you can see it all smashed open on the deck when Malcolm and Sarah climb on the boat, eats/injures/disfigures everyone, dying crew member locks him in the cargo bay. 




 Rockstar don't usually show up at E3 do they? 




 You should watch the first one regardless  




 Yeah fuck Jurassic Park 3 for sidelining the T-Rex and only giving it one appearance and giving all the screen time to some other larger carnivore.... Oh wait  




 I only ever watch movies in 2D, I don't like 3D at all. Didn't seem like there was any real crazy fly at your face type stuff I suppose  




 What was he saying/doing that was so bad?  




 I thought it was fine. Some great destruction porn scenes, great CGI and San Francisco and LA get nicely decimated over and over again. Not as crazy stupid and cartoonishly over the top and insanely massive as 2012, which could either be a good or bad thing depending on what you're looking for. The Rock has some emotional serious moments, there's also some terribly cheesy moments. Not the best disaster porn movie ever but probably better than most maybe, I never thought it dragged or got boring. Pretty much no better or worse than I'd expected from the trailer. 




 Has there ever been an old school Mustang in GTA? Seems weird that there isn't one in GTA 5, they're insanely popular cars. 




 I'm not expecting good dialogue or story or characters, but is there at least lots of destruction? I hate when you go into a movie for some mindless dumb fun, and there's like 2 or 3 action scenes between long stretches of soap opera.  




 In the fourth picture there's grass on Mars? 




 DriveClub looks slightly nicer, but Project Cars has way more content. DriveClub is super sparse and bare bones. 




 They should really set this one in China  




 I watched this for the first time with my dad. That movie will always make me tear up 




 I thought it looked average until Manzoukis showed up at the end. That was hilarious 




 Well now that Guillermo Del Toro is involved I guess it's just a matter of time until it gets cancelled 




 This guy is a fantastic actor but all his American stuff so far has been pretty poor. I hope he gets given a decent role this time.  




 I think Jonathan Levine is the only good choice on that list  




 Isn't differentiating between a unisex and women's toilet exactly acknowledging it?  




 The velociraptor models look like they were ripped right out of Jurassic Park 3 as well 




 Pretty sure that movie got cancelled a while ago 




 Thank you so much for this! This is my all time favourite Giant Bomb and I always have trouble tracking it down and the GiantBomb video player always screws up at least once for me 




 Even if Talia was the real villain she also got an incredibly shitty death scene  




 I don't know why every COD game hasn't had this. Seems like such an obvious and awesome idea 




 That's actually a really good idea for fighting game QTEs 




 So do you have to fulfill certain specific requirements before you can do them? Are they hard to do? 




 Really wish this would come to Blu-Ray. It's one of Scorsese's most visually beautiful films. 




 In some of the early videos, it looked like there were dev options for "easy" Fatalities or even maybe turning off Brutality requirements. Are these options in the same for single play or local multiplayer? I'll probably play a lot of this game with friends, and they don't really know how to play these types of games, so I thought it'd be cool if there was an easy mode so we could just hang out and have a laugh and see all the violent stuff.
 




 The first half of that movie is super cool and unique and terrifying and atmospheric, but it really turns shitty as it goes on 




 ok 




 Yeah he definitely is not in that film at all 




 5  7  1  6  4  2  3 




 5 might still be my favourite, but I thought this was still better than 6. My friends and I watched all the previous films before seeing this one and 6 was pretty terribly written and stupid. This was way even more over the top in terms of action, but it was a bit more solid overall. 




 I have seen that movie so many times and it's one of my all time favourites but I have never realized that it was supposed to be set in the 80s 




 F F is funny, feel good entertainment with likable characters and inventive original well choreographed action. F F knows it's silly and goes with it.

Transformers is obnoxious annoying characters and offensively terrible cringey comedy along with exhausting shaky cam incomprehensible loud dull cgi action scenes. Transformers movies are self serious boring 3 hour long messes. 

I guess it's the same reason everyone around here absolutely hates anything Michael Bay comes close to, but absolutely adores every big dumb explosion filled CGI cartoon Marvel puts out. 




 At the end of the first one he let Vin Diesel go and got fired, but then I think he was reinstated/had his crimes forgiven in exchange for helping the Feds bring down Verone in the second one.

Although the fourth movie seems like it almost ignores the second one and acts like he just never got fired or anything in response for what he did in the first film.  




 Maybe he's a Captain Marvel fan 




 MI5 is set in London for a significant chunk  




 1 was ok. 2 and 3 were crap. 4 was average. 5 and 6 were fantastic.  




 Oh that's okay then. I would be bummed if if had to pay extra for 1080p 




 HD and ultra HD?  




 Looks like shit  




 I guess I'm not as familiar with MK as I thought because I have no idea who Tanya and Tremor are. Could someone please explain basically what these dudes are about? 




 They specifically said he would 'retire' 

No way in hell they'd just kill him off 




 They've both been in more good movies than Josh Gad 




 I thought Ninja and Yolandi were the most interesting and entertaining parts of that movie by far. If Chappie was just 2 hours of Die Antwoord trying to raise a robo child then I would have liked it a lot more. It could have been a very cool look at nature/nurture and raising a child in a harsh environment, with a really crazy funny South African sci-fi twist.  




 And Road to Perdition (at least the comic book the movie was based on) was based on the manga *Lone Wolf and Cub* 




 Aw dang that's a shame. I've always thought Liu Kang was really cool. Mainly because he's a fake Bruce Lee 




 I honestly wouldn't mind if most of the characters from MK9 came back, as long as there's still some cool new characters as well.

Also I really want Liu Kang in this game  




 You're right. It's not just about the technical quality or complexity of the CGI, it's about the way it's used. CGI in Jurassic Park was used only to animate very realistic animals, not a crazy cartoonish fantasy future theme park. 




 I just hope it doesn't take another 2 years  




 I really hope they add a Casino heist in the near future. These heists are really cool and all, and I don't want to sound negative or anything, but with the first one being a super short 2 person job, there's really only 4 full scale heists. Still an awesome update though. 




 I don't want to be negative about an unfinished film but whenever these updates are posted it never seems any more realistic to me. I can see differences for sure, but it still looks like a totally fake cartoon  




 Huh I don't remember that  




 I thought this was a really terrible stupid line in the trailer and I'm surprised they're using it for advertising purposes  




 Kojima just retweeted this 




 Yeah it'd be a shame if he ruins the classic masterpiece high art film about a jelly blob from outer space that kills people 




 I'm assuming we'll get a trailer for the Good Dinosaur in front of Inside Out  




 Very. Go watch them and have your life greatly improved. 




 What about the Casino? Is it open finally? 




 He was a cop in 1 2 and 4 I believe.  




 4 was pretty cruddy, 5 is really fantastic, 6 is the craziest dumbest thing ever but very awesome 




 Hans did the music for MI2 and it was a pretty terrible score 




 Ugh why would anyone want to keep Alien 3 and 4 in canon  




 Gangs of New York

True Romance

 




 Is she not referring to Chappie there?  




 Man, I used to think Tim Schafer was the coolest dude. I even have an autographed poster of Psychonauts on my wall. But regardless of my, or even Tim's, personal stance on the recent controversy in the video game industry, he's been really cringey and obnoxious with this whole topic recently. I'm all for opening up a dialogue and talking about certain topics and I'm certainly not trying to be biased towards one point of view over another, but stuff like this is just annoying and embarrassing and pointless. Plus Double Fine's recent business practices and game development has been a huge bummer also. 




 Would it be possible to import it to Australia from another country? The PS4 is region free, but might the download codes for all the digital extra content maybe not work 




 Needs Wolverine 




 I actually haven't played PW, so I'm happy to hear that the tapes still pack a wealth of content! 




 It's more the fact that you can't just randomly call anyone at any time to get context sensitive conversations. That was the really cool unique thing I'll miss  




 That's a good point. Kiefer was almost mute in Ground Zeroes and doesn't seem to be doing anywhere near as much voice work as Hayter usually would, so I guess it makes sense that they can't do the Codec stuff with him. 




 Recharging health? Great. Sutherland instead of Hayter? Perfectly fine with me. Open world instead of linear levels? Awesome.

However, not having access to the awesome Codec at any time and being able to call who ever you want whenever you want is a real bummer for me. That was honestly one of the coolest and most unique and impressive things about the older games. All that detail and crazy back story and funny secret dialogue being put in to boring cassette tapes is a real step backward. 




 What's the name of this race? 




 Id like to see a video compilation of all these  




 He's in all the concept art with a pretty gnarly facial burn scar. So I'd guess he's back as a main character along with Sigourney 




 Wasn't there a homage to this scene in the first Die Hard? 




 Yeah just like Alien 3 and 4 




 I love this movie so much. It's so fantastically stupid 




 This like an /r/thathappened post from the Marvel universe  




 Damn, I missed it last year and I really wanted that tommy gun 




 yikes 




 Zentorno is faster but the Entity has better handling. I have a Zentorno and my friend has an Entity, and we race each other all the time. It's pretty much 50/50 between us in terms of wins/losses  




 I don't remember exactly what morning talk shows he was on, but I've seen at least 2 interviews where he talks about how difficult it was for him to film scenes without Paul and pretend he was still there and how he basically couldn't stop crying the whole time. He said it was the most difficult time he has ever been through. He didn't say anything overly negative, probably because he was still selling the film, but it was clear he really didn't enjoy pretending his friend was in scenes with him. 

Maybe in a year or so everyone will be feeling better and want to make a new film, but it seemed pretty obvious that everyone was having a rough time continuing the film without Paul. 




 According to the behind the scenes videos and pictures that were leaked/released, Paul was on the set for most of the bus stunt and cars jumping out of the planes. There's behind the scenes clips of him doing the bus jumps stunt and shots of them filming the cars falling from the plan in front of a giant green screen. Also that scene at 1:33 was in the first trailer.

However, Jordana Brewster had yet to have her first day of filming before he died, so any scenes he shares with her (like the house exploding at the start) would be faked.

I believe they said they had reshot the film so that Paul Walker's character would retire to be with his wife and child, leaving the rest of the crew open to more adventures if they felt the need to make more. I know the plan was initially to make at least another 2 films after this. But who knows what they're going to do now. Vin Diesel seemed to really struggle working on the film without Paul. 




 Obviously anyone driving a vehicle can't use two handed weapons, but it really bothers me that passengers can't.

Often during a job or a mission my friends and I will be in the same car, and if we get chased by cops or Merryweather or anyone with a helicopter or heavy vehicles, it seems really silly that the passengers just have to sit there and use SMGs or pistols. This seems especially silly in boats because there shouldn't be any reason why passengers can't use every weapon there.

Throwing grenades or sticky bombs out the window as a passenger is pretty helpful sometimes, but I don't see why the passengers can't lean out the window and use a normal gun.

Maybe there could be a button that has your character lean all the way out the window, which would make you way more vulnerable and a much easier target, but you'd be able to use machine guns and launchers.

Just a little thing that would improve online a lot for me. 




 This is awesome! Would love to see the 1998 Godzilla added in 




 Hah, according to the size chart the Mosasaurus is 18m long, which seems reasonable. In the trailer however it's head alone is that size. 




 What? Proper fucked? 




 Darjeeling and Life Aquatic are my favorites even though no one else ever seems to bring them up or really like them. I think they strike the perfect balance between honest heartfelt human drama, and the wacky fun of his later films.  




 Obviously we've seen there's a few more cars and masks and whatnot, but I really hope the Heist update comes with a whole tonne of new clothes and tattoos and properties and new fun stuff.

I've only just hit level 90, I don't have a crazy amount of money, but I just feel like there's nothing left for me to buy. There's not really any more cars I want or any reason to go buy a new property. I feel like I already have everything I want in the game so I have nothing left to work for.

I'm excited for the heists because my friends and I are kinda bored with the regular jobs and would like to play through all the heists together. But I really hope they add in heaps of new fun things to buy so we have a reason to earn hundreds and thousands of dollars after every heist. Because right now there's not really a whole lot left to unlock and not really anything left to spend my money on. Not anything that's worthwhile that I really want anyway.

EDIT: I wish they added the ability to fast travel between properties, that way I'd have a good reason to buy a second property up in Sandy Shores 




 Wow I'm surprised that's so low  




 I couldn't maintain my interest for the full 3 minutes of that video  




 Yeah Bin Laden is gonna be really upset  




 I only just started playing GTA Online when the PS4 version came out, and playing missions and leveling up with my friends in a crew has been super fun. But now we're all a high enough level that there's nothing new to unlock, and we all have enough money that there's nothing new to save up for. So I'm eagerly awaiting Heists so we can get excited about playing together again and have some new fun things to do.

Also I really want that Kuruma 




 I honestly think Los Angeles/Los Santos has always been the perfect setting for GTA games. It just suits everything about what those games are. But if I had to choose, either Hawaii or a fictional Texas border town. 




 I don't know why you're getting down voted so much for having a responsible and polite opinion. I agree that SR2 was the best game. SR3 was fun and cool but felt a lot smaller, and SR4 was just not my kind of game. SR2 felt like the ultimate open world crime sandbox and I enjoyed it way more than GTA 4 




 Intolerable Cruelty was pretty goddamn intolerable as well  




 He always seems to show up unexpectedly in like every other movie I've watched recently, and he's always great. Although I confused him with Casey Affleck once or twice a while ago, but now in recent years I've become a big fan. 
























