 I had a great dane when I was little and my Dad got rid of him. As soon as I had my own house, I took my first bonus and bought an Akita against my wife's wishes. Like your wife, they were inseparable until he died at 13. 




 My coworker sent flowers to the dental hygienist who was nice to him and got the same response 




 We don't always get it and I wonder if it's when we make it too strong and add water to it. That may allow the solids to have more liquid to saturate or suspend in as it cools 




 I almost saw it like the movie Rob Roy and his clan, but Bilbo wasn't really the clan leader as far as I remember. More like a direct member of the clan family, the Tooks.  




 Tolkien pretty much avoided any references to social divisions with the Hobbits in his books. Other than a mayor and sheriff, I can't remember any other references to government or social structure. How Bilbo even lived was pretty ambiguous. Other than Sam being a Gardener, the other hobbits were of unknown skill and vocation.  
As for their relationship, we see guys walking down the street holding hands or arms around each other and many people think gay. In other places it's not that unusual. I see it a lot in India. To them it is like women doing that in the US. It is not that unusual and doesn't draw certain conclusions.  
I also don't think the traveling companions saw Bilbo or Frodo as masters. They were more the reason they were on the adventure, than a master they were following. There was no indication in the book that Sam was protective of Frodo before he was given the task of protecting the ring bearer. I think they became best friends on their journey. I agree that Sam was likely the stronger of the 2, but we have no way of knowing what the effect would have been if Sam had to carry the ring as long as either Bilbo or Frodo did. I don't recall Sam showing any hesitation giving back the ring in the book, like they made it seem in the movie. 




 Tea has a lot more solids in it than filtered coffee. It's just the solids coming out as it cools down and the solution(water) cannot contain as much solid (tea particles) My wife drinks cappuccino and it has a lot of solids too and it does the same thing but much quicker.  
We also drink a lot of ice tea during the summer and put it in a glass jug. Some teas seem to cloud up more than others. It seems to have something to do with the natural strength and the amount of powder in the tea. Weaker teas that I have to steep longer or with more leaves, and tea bags or powdery teas like a breakfast tea seem to cloud faster for me.  
Aren't most Ceylon teas chopped leaves and not whole leaf? Almost like a good Darjeeling or Assam? 




 Check out our history in South American in general and Venezuela in specific and you will see why the US talking about human rights is taken with a grain of salt there.  
Our actions in South American over the last 100+ years make me doubt our vow to spread democracy and human rights throughout the world. We supported some of the most vicious dictators in the world in Central and South America as well as many other areas in the world. Perfect example: Saudi Arabia. Where are our actions against them to stop the beheadings, lashings, cutting off limbs, preventing women from having any rights at all, etc, etc.  
The issues between Venezuela and the US have little or nothing to do with their human rights and everything to do with their oil. 




 In Daytona Beach you are able to drive on the beach. One of my buddies was driving and we were all scoping some cute girls in their bikini's. Apparently the guys in the car in front of us were scoping the same girls and slowed way down. When we hit him our bumpers locked. Everyone except the 2 drivers were amused. 




 I had about 30% movement in my shoulder prior to surgery. I went to a therapist 3 times per week for 6 weeks. They also gave me a chair that passively manipulated my shoulder, which I used for 6 weeks as well.   
I've had both shoulders done and this Dr was not as involved in my therapy so it was a little slower going. It helped but not as much as when the Dr was involved after the first surgery. People I know who had a similar problem and did not have surgery or did not follow through on their therapy, are still suffering from severe lack of movement. 




 I go to Planet Fitness so I did 1/2 the leg machines on 1 day and the other 1/2 on the other day. Mostly top and bottom thigh and calf on one day and inside and outside thigh and stomach on the other day. Bike is my cool down so I always do that. I avoided all free weights until I was completely done with therapy. 




 All sorts of nations cleared out the natives when they moved in. Step back a bit further and see what the colonists did to the Caribbean natives.   
I have a good friend who's Armenian. They were also killed in large numbers by the Turks and they have never acknowledged what they did and still refuse to admit to genocide.  
I think it about the ability to make others aware that makes a difference.  How many newspapers or radio and tv stations are owned or were owned by the native Americans? Their voices were never heard. 




 The Sound of Music  
Followed closely by Mary Poppins 




 I had my labrum repaired last summer and I did the same thing. As long as I stretched my shoulder before, during and after, it was ok. I still have to be careful with working the upper body. 




 I did something similar, but I had a ring on and it shattered the glass in my hand. I am still getting slivers coming through my skin 30+ years later. 




 I have a BS in Computer Science. We have people on our team who do not have degrees though. For controller configuration it would probably be something like computer certifications, but for different hardware manufacturers. Allen Bradley is a good example of someone who does this type of work.  
I had 10 years of manufacturing plant experience before I got hired into my current company. I was brought in to do technical installations and configuration of the software, but they needed someone to train the end users so they asked if I would be willing to try it. I have been doing it ever since.  
Travel can be a pain in the bottom too. Most companies fly you out and in on weekends so you may only be home 1 day before you are leaving again. The working hours when you are out of the country can be monstrous too. 12 hour days is not unusual.  
I do not get to see much of the local tourist stuff, but I do get to meet and learn about the people who live there.  
A lot of people started on our team by coming up through the support center where they learned the applications and how to communicate with customers. Personally, I spent 10 years in sales working with the same industries I now do training for. At that time I was just a computer geek on the side. 




 Quite a while ago I read a similar story.  
A guy got a hand job when he was on a trip to China and when he got back to the states started having some problems. The first Dr. had no idea what it was. The 2nd Dr asked him if he got a hand job when he was in China. Turns out there is some virus and he was told they had to amputate. The 3rd and 4th Dr's said the same thing.  
He went back to China to get another opinion from a Dr with experience in his problem and was told; "In the US they always want to cut stuff off. If you wait a couple more weeks it will fall off on its own."
 




 sorry, sw=software.  
There are lots of applications that are used all over the world. I work with industrial applications mostly. There's also lots of work on the configuration side. Those jobs are usually extended stays; 3 months to a year. They need people to configure the robots and other automated systems. They usually work for the automation companies. Training requires less specific knowledge and a lot more general knowledge.  
I have anywhere from 5 to 50 people in my classes or I could be directly on the floor of the plant working with individual users. My trips last for as little as one day for regional manufacturing sites or up to 2 weeks for international sites. 




 Examples to support this?  
My guess what you are seeing is countries like China and the USSR were more concerned with everyone having a job. In capitalist countries it is all about profit and productivity. The owner will fire you if they think they can make more profit without you. 




 Tai Chi would fill a lot of your requirements and offer a lot of other benefits 




 Thank you very much for the link. I will try to find at least the 1st one when I am there. I brought about 1/2 a kilo home with me from Taiwan when I was there in October. I expect to do the same thing in Vietnam. 




 Thanks. My favorite teas come from Yunnan, China. Vietnam shares the same mountain range there and the tea can be very simiar. I am looking forward to trying a nice variety of Vietnamese teas while I am there. 




 That is the story. Thanks for sharing. :-) 




 I train sw applications around the world. I joined the military when I was 20 to see the world. That didn't work out so well because I got jacked around with the contract I had and the school I was guaranteed. Seeing it as a corporate trainer is even better because I travel first class most places and stay in 4 star hotels.  
There is lots of travel involved, but that is a bonus as well. 




 Fat? He didn't look fat to me. He was a big guy though like he once could have played football as something like a linebacker. He made enough to eat and fill his basic needs.  
Public transportation in Detroit sucks and there are no jobs in Detroit. He could not afford a vehicle but he was motivated enough to do what he had to to put money on the table. He has done this for well over a decade.  
And as for the money he got through crowdfunding was because people liked that he worked so hard when so many are willing to sit back and take. They chose to give him 5 or 10 bucks to help him get on his feet. They felt the effort he has put into keeping his job showed that given the chance, he would make good decisions.  
And here is something else for you to chew on; a dealership gave him a car too. 




 There was someone who named their daughter La-A and got upset with the teacher who called her Laa. The mother said, don't you see the dash, it's La dash A. Face palm 




 I appreciate all the helpful information 




 It's been a while, but here are the rolls imo:  
Rogue: sneak roll  
Victim: perception roll  
Rogue: I assume the other hand is using victims throat to control their head so there is a roll to choke  
Victim: reaction roll  
Rogue: -2 on attack to get knife in position  
Victim: reaction  
Act plays out 
Both: reaction roll   
Rogue: +2 to attack, +4 to crit Also -4 to defense during encounter due to both hands being used. 




 I'll be in the old French quarter in Hanoi for a week on business with a Sunday to explore.I'd like to find some nice teas if possible. Are there tea stores like in Taiwan? Also, any suggestions for things to do or be aware of? Thanks 




 When I was in Taiwan the tea store made a 12 year old pu-erh. His method was to boil the tea for about 5 minutes and then put it in the gai wan and pour fresh hot water over it and steep as you said. He said he did that to wake the tea up. 




 With the cups, it was noticeable in the store. The gai wan did not show its crackling until it had been used a few times. Customs opened it and when they put it back together, they didn't secure it so it got a little chip too. I'm heading back in a month and may get another one. The cups were cheap, like 3 US. The gai wan was about 50 US. It's made from a nice clay. 




 A local tea shop has 3 grades of it and I actually like the medium grade more than the top. It's $6 for 50 grams. The top grade one is $9 per 50g, bottom is $4.50 per 50g. 




 Like others have said, I like to switch things up. I love Yunnan black teas. They age like red wine but they are so good fresh, it makes them hard to save for later.  On the other hand a really nice Oriental Beauty oolong from Taiwan is tough to beat. I recently fell in love with old tree black tea from Taiwan. A lot of the black tea harvested in Taiwan is a strain developed when the Japanese controlled the island in WWII. It is a lot more like an Assam tea. The tea from the original tree plants is a bit more rare. I found it incredibly flowery like an oolong but more hearty like a black tea.
My favorite though - TWG Yunnan Gold Needle. It's too expensive to make it a regular tea so it is always appreciated. 




 Here is a gai wan and one of the teacups I bought while I was in Taiwan. It's hard to notice the crackling in the glaze in the picture but it really stands out nicely on both the cups and gai wan. 
http://imgur.com/gallery/BRg3jhY/new 




 http://www.yunnansourcing.us/store/index.php?id_product=461 controller=product Traditional Process Dian Hong Black tea of Feng Qing  It's a really nice fresh tasting tea that compliments the little honey I put in my tea. One of the things I like about Dian Hong's is even if you over brew them, they do not get bitter or overly tannic. They also have a nice malty, slightly smokey taste with lots of floral notes. 




 No, but I will be in Taiwan again at the end of the month and I am looking forward to trying some new teas again. I did just order 7 strains from your Chinese site. They have the 2015 spring teas in. I think one of my problems with trying to find the flavors from T2Tea or TWG is I am trying to hit a moving target. By that I mean that since Yunnan black teas age so nice, I am likely getting much older leaves than I do when I order from you because as multi location retail stores, I am sure they are buying in bulk and sell what they have before they place a new order. For all I know the T2Tea Grand Yunnan that I fell in love with was from a 2007 crop or something and they had it sitting on their shelves and in their warehouse for 2 years. I do absolutely love the freshness of the teas I get from you. I cannot touch your tea quality in any retail store in the area. 




 If you like the Bond movies at all I'd recommend Peter O'Donnell's Modesty Blaise books. He has 13 books and years of comics. The books are excellent because you get a lot more substance, but his stories are very good whether in comic or book form. The books have 2 main characters; Modesty Blaise and Willie Garvin. They are ex criminals who now help the Brit's intelligence service. The bad guys are even better than Bond's bad guys. 




 Have you tried any Jo Nesbo? His books deal with serial killers and a cop who chases them. I've found his books to be very well written and his stories are tight. 




 Anything by Pratchett or even Vonnegut. I am a sucker for good satire and they are both excellent satirists. 




 **From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler** is an excellent book for boys and girls around that age. 




 These are for light reading, but the Modesty Blaise books are excellent. They are similar to Fleming's Bond books, but I find O'Donnell's stories a bit more interesting and realistic. And Modesty is a far more interesting character than James Bond. 




 Kafka's The Castle as an example of the futility of life.
Howard Zinn's A People's History of the US as an example of how the little people get stepped on.
Huxley's Brave New World or Orwell's 1984 to show the future and change the framework we view some of society's actions through.
Dostoyevsky's Crime and Punishment as an example of how we distort our world both to the positive and negative, and it is just a downright depressing book. 




 Also, I use a gaiwan about 20% of the time but typically just use a strainer and place that in a travel cup for 1.5-3 min depending on the tea. 




 70% of the tea I drink is from Yunnan, about 20-25% is from Taiwan and the remaining 5-10% is from India. I get my Yunnan teas from Yunnan Sourcing (Both the US and Chinese sites) and my Taiwanese teas from Dragon Tea House. I still need to try some of their Yunnan's to see how they compare. The 2 best Yunnan's I have had were Grand Yunnan from T2Tea in Australia and TWG's Golden Needle. They both have a scent and flavor I have not found elsewhere. They are both expensive teas to get delivered to the states.
Thanks for sharing the info. I will try to look at the video later. 




 1984 2400 baud modems. Lots of BBS and finding information was harder than finding some subreddits. There was also a lot of sketchy stuff going on. In some ways, it was a lot easier to find the sketchy info on the web than it is now. There was a site called Long John or Pirate something that had all sorts of info on making drugs, explosives, scams to pull, ways to hide from the system, etc. Back then no one thought, who is watching me do this. Now that would be my first thought. 




 I was wondering the same thing. When I switched from Prince of Wales bag to loose, the change was significant. I liked the change, but I had to brew it different. Less tea and less time brewing was what worked for me. 




 10-20sec infusion? Maybe for English Breakfast tea but oolongs and most other teas need more time and even most people who drink breakfast teas want the bite you get from a decent brew time. I just carry a plastic cup to put my strainer in. Even a ziplock works in a pinch. 




 I have bought some tea online that also had a sea water flavor. I didn't drink it after the first try. I assume it had been waterlogged somewhere along the line. You could try different brew methods, gaiwan, strainer, pouring over leaves, putting leaves in hot water, etc. I found tea tastes a lot different depending on how you brew it. 




 Yes I have. I really enjoy that tea. It reminds me of the wild black tea from Taiwan. 




 I think you're right. I was in Taiwan recently and it seemed like it was mostly small farm products that were sold in just one or two stores. I can't find any of them online. 
Feng Qing is a county in Yunnan province. I've tried a few of those and they are nice. I do not know what Jin Ya is. I think Dian Hong is just the bud and top leaf or 2 leaves. 




 a fairly hot milf is my guess 




 I had the same problem. Lent out my original, got a different translation and wondered how I could have liked it. It did not flow at all and it was a chore to read. I found the Penguin translation again and loved it again.
I think it is challenging to maintain the flow or poetry of a book when it is translated. I can't even imagine how challenging it is with poetry where the number of syllables is maybe more important than it is in other literature. 




 vegetarian chili. But make a lot because everyone will eat it. I use 7 beans, red,green and yellow peppers. a couple of habanero's a couple jalapenos and 1 hot cherry pepper. I use both fresh tomatoes and canned and some paste to thicken it up. 




 My son started out with sauces and worked to perfect a couple at a time. He then started to learn Indian flavor profiles. Unfortunately his girlfriend is getting all the benefits of his skills now. It was like having a 4 star chef in the house. He was very good at building flavors. 




 Dosadi experiment by Frank Herbert. It's a much better first book to get into Frank Herbert than Dune imo. It should be easy to find used. 




 There are so many variables. Some strains, especially pure indica's, are known for couch lock. If someone cuts their plants down too late, the chemicals change and you get more of the one that makes you relaxed or tired too.  There are strains in the dispensaries around here that people call house cleaning bud because you cannot sit around really when you smoke it. It really lights a fire under you. But like all strains, the names mean little. The strain I am talking about is Bubba Kush but not all of them do that. Maybe because of crappy growing, genes or even cutting it down too late. 




 The names we get for Dian Hong's are funny. Yunnan Gold Needle, Grand Yunnan, Yunnan gold tips and now I see your White gold. It looks like a nice dian hong though. 




 I love your teas. I am still searching for a replacement for T2Tea's Grand Yunnan, but I am enjoying trying your Yunnan varieties. Some of them are very close to the taste of the Grand Yunnan. So far I have tried about 10 varieties of your Dian Hong's and the Red Alio (I may be getting the spelling wrong) is incredible. 
























 Do you ever have tea in a Chinese restaurant?  If you like that, it is typically an oolong.  If you like coffee, I'd recommend an Assam or even a breakfast tea.  If a friend wanted to get into teas, I'd start with oolongs and jasmine greens as they are the most taste friendly for starting.  
There are lots of decent black teas out there. Harny and Sons has some decent ones, Twinings is a UK standard and is pretty good too. I love their Prince of Wales tea. It is strong but still has nice subtle notes. And their Irish and English breakfast teas are very nice. Strong, but tasty. And try a decent darjeeling if you get a chance too. They are very unusual teas with a lot of subtle flavors. 




 To me it looks metallic. I think either you are not using filtered water and you are seeing the sediment like you do in an iron, or there is metal in the clay and it is showing up now.  




 I don't understand the foofy strainers. Strainers have one function, to give you a nice cupa. A product that forgets that main goal and worries more about style is not for me.  It looks nice though. 




 On the other hand, the Great Lake Alliance may be the strongest alliance. We'd even let Lake Champlain call themselves a great lake then. 




 He has the firecrackers to get through the blow stuff up phase, moving to the sending stuff up to blow up, and soon graduating to combining firecrackers and bottle rockets to blow stuff up in the air, just because. 




 There are so many things wrong with this picture. 




 I recently bought 3 teas from Dragon Tea House.  I ended up giving the other 2 Yunnan's away and I've had mixed feelings about their Wild leaf tea.  It is incredibly mild, almost to the point of no taste. I filled my strainer about 1/3 of the way with tea, and put it in freshly boiled water. Has anyone had better luck with their company? 




 TWG has some of the nicest high end teas I have ever seen.  But you can spend over 700US for 50g of some of their tea.  I also use Yunnan Sourcing and have found their teas to be way above average. I am waiting on a delivery of their spring teas. 




 Most Chinese restaurants I go to server Oolong.  You could even ask at the restaurants if they sell their tea.  Most places I go to will sell boxes to customers.  The great thing is, most restaurants do not use high quality tea so you should have a lot of growth potential in your tea tastes.  Every brew method will give you a different taste. 




 When I get to work I make a travel mug (16oz) of black tea. Typically a Dian Hong, although I bring my Taiwanese black teas in to mix things up sometimes.  If I make a 2nd cup, I typically use the leaves over and just pour the hot water over the leaves instead of filling the cup and putting the strainer in after.  




 T2Tea's Grand Yunnan. I bought 50g in their shop when I was working in Melbourne. Before I left I bought 100g more because it was the most amazing tea I had ever tried.  
After that, my wife or kids would order some for a Christmas present. I think my last order was a crop from a new year and the taste was significantly more mild. I ran out of the last bag of that about 1 month ago.  
TWG's best Dian Hong is very close if not better than T2Tea's Grand Yunnan, but I just happened upon it going through Singapore airport and I only got 50g 




 Sorry, I should have been more specific too. Any Black/Red Yunnan teas.They have some teas that look very interesting but I am worried they will be like Origins Tea and be fairly mediocre. Any input would be appreciated. 




 I guess I should mention, I am not, nor ever have been, involved in unions in any way. I am a systems analyst for industrial software applications. I have also never taken any money from the gov in unemployment or disability, nor has my wife, nor have my kids. I work with both management and union workers in my job. I have spent the last 5 years launching new software around the world. My job does not leave me much time to do touristy things, but I do get to meet the people and have lots of time to talk to them about their country. It is something I am very interested in when I travel. For the most part I am very non political when I am out of the country and I avoid arguments regardless of how strong I feel about a topic.  
I am there professionally to teach them new software, but I am there personally to learn about them and their country. 




 I see your agreements, but you seem to disregard how those policies manifest themselves. It manifests itself quite clearly in those countries.  
Linking to possibly the closest we have in the US to the National Enquirer, Murdoch's Daily Mail and next to The Economist as the most corporate/free market magazine; Forbes, tells me where you validate your opinions and why your opinions are what they are.  
Have you actually been to any of the BRIC countries? Everyone I worked with wanted out. The most common question I get is; how do I get a job with corporate in the US? There is no safety. Your life and your families lives are at constant risk.  
Through the 70's, S and C America, Africa and the islands of the Caribbean and far east were pretty much places the powerful countries put their people in power and sucked the nations dry. Corporations with their nations blessing and often assistance or Russian autocratic communists, would put a leader in power and get long term sweet heart deals on their resources. Effectively preventing that country from ever using their resources for the benefit of their people beyond the pay they got for removing them or harvesting the products. Examine Chiquita's or United Fruit's history in South and Central America to see what I am talking about. Read up on Baby Doc Duvalier's history in Haiti to see the kind of people we put in power. Take any critical resource we get from 3rd world countries and read the history. The western nations and the USSR had no regard for the people in the countries with the resources they wanted.  
Are the neo liberal policies better than dictatorships? Sure. I agree. Is that the best option? Not by any means.   
   
I'd recommend reading Howard Zinn's: A People's History of the United States.  That is what is playing out in the BRIC countries right now. I'd also recommend looking at how Norway has handled their natural resources and used those resources to benefit everyone in their country.  Income disparity in Norway is no where near where it is in other countries because of who owns their natural resources and the benefits the people of the nation get from those resources. The pay difference between top management and the workers is far less than it is in other countries as well. We are one of the top oil producing nations and we only got 2.5 billion in royalties in 2012 from all oil and gas royalties. We give them more subsidies than they gave in royalties. If we treated our resources like Norway does, we would be far better off as a nation.   
The pay gap between the top and bottom in US corporations has gone up by over 300% in the last 30 years. That is the framework that is getting pushed by the IMF and the World Bank. More for the top and far less for the bottom. And it's why graduates can't find jobs in the US. It's all going ot the top.  
As you may have noticed from all the downvotes I am getting for my views, most people agree with your viewpoint. So it appears there is little to worry about as my views are seen as fringe anyway. I've had too many classes in analytic reasoning, logic, and the media to be swayed by all the emotion based distortions we see in the mainstream, corporate owned media and even in media with opinions I support. Everyone distorts and everyone is really presenting opinions. It's just a matter of knowing how your media distorts information and what opinions they are interested in expressing.  
And last, capitalism is a wide net and includes the European socialist systems.  I doubt if many people feel that capitalism is bad. I just feel that it needs to keep it's eye on the health of the community and less on industries leaders and their backers getting extreme profits. I also see countries like Norway who follow that path have less social problems and more social equality. Unbalanced social systems become more autocratic and then fall. 




 In our area, they're in expensive malls which forces them to overprice their tea.  Their selection's also mediocre, other than flavored teas. They may make amazing flavored teas, but that is not my cup of tea. 




 I'm not sure 




 He said it would powder the entire kitchen and the cost and time to clean up would be substantial. 




 world news. :-) 




 Wow, I had no idea you could upload without a UID. You could try sending a note to the team, but for user submitted it will be 20 pages down in under an hour so not many people will see it. Well other than posting here so people going and trying to find what you are referencing.  I wish I could help. 




 Top 1% in state, top 5% in nation. Because of bad grades in HS, it actually hurt me. They would rather have people that try hard, than people who skate by on their brains.  




 How can you put an image up without an account? 




 I can delete images I submitted to imgur.  Click on the Post options in the bottom right hand corner. Click delete. 




 Being shown the Ansul system when I started and told if there is a fire to pull this lever. I was then told I would be fired if I ever pulled the lever. 




 Finding new teas is one of the joys of being a tea nut. I'm glad you found oolongs.  You'll be amazed by the diversity there is in oolongs too. 




 Did the kool aid taste good at least? 




 If you are just calling to threat, it's like they can sense it. You have to be willing to follow through. Most of the time it was the actual person cancelling my service who lowered our rate to keep us on. Because you know, the person you get when you make the selection to cancel the service, can't actually cancel it. They want to send you through the team to see if they can change your mind, why you're doing it, etc. 




 Thanks. The Brits called it black tea because of the color of the dried leaf. Chinese call it red tea because that is the color of the brew.  The Chinese I work with kept calling my tea red tea and even pointed to writing on the label of my tea that said Red Tea in Chinese but black tea in English. 




 I used to call about once a year to cancel because a competitor's rates matched the rate comcast gives new customers. They folded for years (or I guess in their eyes, kept me as a customer)before they actually refused and let me cancel 




 As someone with a background in economics you also know there are a lot of theories. Libertarians think they have all the answers. There are many economists who disagree with them and state the facts far better than I can.  
Free trade agreements have cost us jobs. There are things more important than profit. What I have found in my travels is democratic countries with the strongest social protections have the largest middle class.  
Russia? Really?  
Brazil? They have police with machine guns at the cash machine in the manufacturing plant of a huge company because gangs break in and rip out the machines on pay day. I'm a 5 minute ride into the site to get to the building I was working in. The smoking area was near the cash machines and it was very discerning. Kidnappings are common, and the streets are not really safe to walk on.  
India has a nice growing middle class, but the poverty is something you never forget.  
But, yes, anyone can go to a store and buy an iPhone or the latest Samsung tv. You can also starve on the side of the street.  I actually love both Brazil and India. They certainly are not the US, but the people are pretty nice and the food is great in both places. 




 I'm not sure what this is, but it sure looks like an amazing Yunnan.
http://bienvenuemag.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/maison-des-3-thes.jpg 




 The owner of a tea shop in Taiwan roasted a nice oolong and had me taste the roasted rolled leaf. It was amazing. I would munch on those all day. Talk about an expensive munchie though. 




 We weren't belligerent about it. Our kids were close friends and they pretty much gave everyone a bunch of BS about it and would never give straight answers. 




 It's not about smarts, it's about being informed, and most of the information out there is meant to distort and distract.   
An example in my own community; our neighborhood elementary school was always top 5% in the state. We also had 99% PTA membership in the school.  The city wanted to switch the school to a Jr. High but they knew the community would not agree. So working among themselves and the planning commission, they had a millage to do needed repairs to the school and bring it up to date with computers and the associated wiring. We had always supported school millage's so they were confident it would pass and it did.  
Then they told us after more analysis they were making the school a Jr. High instead and most of the money would be used to update all the bathrooms for older students. We did not pass the next 3 millages in our community. We knew the people on the planning committee and they all swore secrecy about the plan. They knew if it got out, they would all be thrown out of office. This gave them all another term. We are no longer friends with the 2 we knew. 




 I actually did not read the article. Hillary's views on trade deals have been pretty consistent. I also know the bias from the Hill site. I just know Hillary is no populist. She did not get where she is by supporting the little guys. When big biz gives her money, they get a worthwhile return on their investment. Like they do with most of them.  




 I understand. As much as I love my tea from T2Tea in Australia, that shipping stops me from ordering from them 90+% of the time. 




 Most people get their news from major corporations who do not have a populist view. Their view is that any leader who doesn't allow for a global free market in their country is bad, and they present that view to their readers over and over. It's hard to fault people for being ignorant when that is what their leaders want. 




 Yeah, at least in our country if a community is active in their political system, the system works pretty well.  
The problem is getting people off the TV and things like StumbleUpon, Imgur and reddit. ;-p 




 When I have been in S. America people talk about their corrupt gov. When I tell them it is pretty much the same in the US they are surprised. 




 I get tea from both China and Australia. It's almost 20US to ship from Australia but only 7 or 8 from China. I guess the queen has to get her cut. ;-p   
But, are you hoping to provide free shipping, or just worried the cost of shipping from Canada may be cost prohibitive to some? 




 You can get boxes for as little as 28 cents each here, so boxes really shouldn't be that much of a deal breaker, price wise.
  http://www.uline.com/BL_440/Lightweight-32-ECT-Boxes  
I don't worry about tracking. I just make a small order the first time to see how the company handles things. 




 OK, police actions with our military, to satisfy your semantics. Boots on the ground are boots on the ground. Ask some people who were in Cambodia to see if actually being at war with the country in the official sense matters. 




 Same with bringing back a US backed stooge to run your country.  However, the people who now have clean water and access to healthcare sure do seem to think their lives are better off.  I compare it to Cuba. Before Fidel, the rich controlled 90% of the wealth in the country. The poor had little access to education or healthcare. The rich are pissed because the control and wealth they used to have, they don't have anymore. The fact that 90% have more is irrelevant to them.  The 1% wants it all. 




 She looked like the photo on the left in BJ's Diary. 




 So I see. I am an old fart who watches more B W movies than anything released in the last 20 years. My wife and daughter were watching BJ's Diary and I found it a fun light movie. That was my exposure to her. 




 Alpha males are pigs. Unfortunately most women look for alpha males. 




 http://www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/renee-zellwegers-changing-face-actress-4474527
 




 So do I compared to my pictures from 15 years ago. People that are heavy and change weight change even more. I'm pretty much my same weight from college but my friends who have gained or lost weight look so different.  I don't think she has had surgery, but I do not follow that crap too closely. 




 She's not a youngster anymore. She reminds me of Jennifer Lawrence because she seems like she is pretty without all the Hollywood dressings and comes across as less movie starish. 




 I never have enough of a layover in Dubai to get into the city. In Singapore's airport, they have a TWG shop. I had never heard of them before but the gold Yunnan I like so much looked incredible so I bought 50 grams. I think I paid 38 US for 50g.  It's the most expensive tea I have bought and it was good enough I would buy it again. For special occasions. :-) 




 Thanks. I will be in Taoyuan City and will visit the 2 tea shops I found near the hotel I was staying in. Hopefully I will be able to find a couple oolongs and nice black teas like I did in October of last year. 




 I think WMF's tea strainer is perfect. One of the problems I have with putting my tea directly in my cup is the fact that it continues to steep and often gets bitter.
As a new loose leaf drinker, I would recommend trying several different oolongs from Taiwan and China. I have found a relatively inexpensive oolong that I like as much as much higher priced ones. It's just a nice midgrade Tie Guan Yin. For a special treat, try Oriental Beauty from Taiwan. 




 I'm surprised no one has mentioned filtered water. I think the difference between regular tap water and filtered water is night and day.  
I try to switch up each week or every other week so the flavor of Yunnan teas do not get washed away. I find if I exclusively drink them, I do not get the same flavor after a while.  Typically I bounce between black tea from Taiwan or black teas from Yunnan.  
My routine is; as soon as I get into work I heat water in my teapot, add a bit of honey to the cup, pour the hot water into the travel mug I use and decide which of the 3 or 4 teas I keep at work to drink. I place the tea in my strainer and steep anywhere from 3 to 5 minutes depending on what I am wrapped up in. That will usually get me through the work day. When I get home I typically make an oolong or a mild Yunnan and follow the same steps. I use a gaiwan if friends are over and want to share some tea.  
I just ordered 7 new spring teas from Yunnan Sourcing so there will be a tea tasting going on in about 2 weeks that I am looking forward to. 




 That is a bummer. I am heading there in about 3 weeks and was looking forward to getting some more nice oolongs and their incredible old tree black teas. I actually chose to be routed through Taiwan for that reason. Arghh 




 TWG out of Singapore and T2Tea in Australia both have incredible teas. They are expensive though and shipping is not cheap either.  
Yunnan Sourcing offers the best Chinese tea I have found online, for a reasonable price. Yunnan teas have been my favorite for a while and I just found Yunnan Sourcing about a year ago. I've tried about 20 of their teas and haven't found anything I did not like and some I loved. I've also tried about 5 other Chinese tea sites and have given each of those teas away to less particular friends. 




 The owner of the tea store in Taiwan told me the same thing when I bought my gaiwan.   




 What compensation was given to the people who lived on that land? Taking more land and the water is not compensation. 




 I think the delicacy of a nice golden Yunnan is hard to beat. I use Yunnan Sourcing for my tea. I get most of it from their Chinese site. TWG's Golden Needle Yunnan is incredible. 
























 cool. At first I thought I was just missing something. 




 Angela Merkel. Probably the most  in the know, powerful western politician. I'd tell the truth about the system.  I'd also be killed before the day was out by the puppeteers. 

Or some hot lesbian. And I'd explore stuff. 




 Thanks, I just had a Thai red curry dish on Saturday. I'm looking forward to trying the Vietnamese curries. I've only tried their Pho. My next trip after this is Thailand which I am looking forward to also. 




 No pu'er tea for me yet. I find them to be too earthy.  More and more tea is getting used for red tea in Yunnan because it is gaining such an international following and the prices they can get. They're also finding they can age them and develop a lot more flavor without becoming a pu'er tea.  The link from earlier talks about the differences. 




 Or more accurately, removed for admitting to hacking into the airplane systems while flying with them in the past, and deemed a security risk because of that. Personally, as a frequent flyer, I support United's actions. 




 My parents had no way to control my or my brothers behavior short of putting themselves in jail by keeping us chained in the basement. And as a parent now, raising kids can be tough. Pressing harder with the boot on their neck is not how you keep them out of trouble either. The more a kid is stepped on, the more they rebel. There is no formula to raise good kids or everyone would do it. 




 I just have overnight layovers in Taiwan flying to and from Vietnam, so I'll just hit the 2 tea stores in Taoyuan City I found last time and maybe the day market if I have time. 




 They also both describe a curing method. https://www.teatrekker.com/new-rest-aged-tea  
It's almost like the chlorophyll you get with some herbs. It's also more of a smell flavor than a tongue flavor.  
I have found this to be true with all of the Yunnan's I get and notice it very little with the Taiwanese red teas. TWG's golden needle and T2Tea's grand yunnan are the flavors I am looking for. Yunnan Sourcings Feng Qing Golden bud is close, but I think they use more tippy leaves. And I really like Wu Liang Hong Mao Feng from autumn 2014.  Spring of 2015 is really bright still and it overpowers the subtlety of a nice Yunnan. 




 We already have enough Omen sequels. 




 Red. Pu'er teas are a bit rough for me still.  I'm not really sure what the difference is between aged tea and pu'er. I just know aged tastes more mellow and has less of the brightness a new leaf has. Pu'er tastes like dirt to me.  There are other notes, but the earthiness is the main taste I get. 




 Can't it be added so we can put it in before we save? I have no idea what functionality is allowed when a subreddit is created. 




 I see a lot of interesting stuff on ali baba but it seems like an ebay to me. IMO the minimum you need is a website. But I am not a blended tea drinker. It seems to be a lot of mass market tea with flavorings added to hide that you're drinking the bottom rung of tea. 




 She probably meant her parents owned them. It would fit with the attitude she showed. 









 I fell in love with a couple of mid size companies Yunnan tea. I think a lot of what I was getting from them was aged tea because of the volume I imagine they buy. Their prices were both outside of what I would consider for everyday tea.  
My dilemma is, when I find a tea that I like after it has aged for 3 to 6 months (or more), that seasonal variety is gone. Since each season is different, as is each year, I'm struggling to find a tea to get in enough quantity to get me through a while.  
Tea Trekker has some Yunnan's aged 2 years that I am going to try next.  Hopefully the curing allows me to find something that I can get 250 or 500g's of. 




 I have a travel mug that I pour into a small tea cup. My strainer sits on top of the travel mug. When I'm done, I throw them in the garden 




 I feel bad for the farmers. I'll be there in a couple weeks and I am planning on getting some high mountain teas, especially the Sun Moon Lake area. It looks like it will be more expensive than last time. Maybe I can get a discount on last years crop. haha 




 Just some general info you may like:  
There is a grading scale for tea you may see: SFTGFOP1 or parts of that. It means:  
Special, finest, tippy, golden, flowery, orange, pekoe, 1st quality. It has to do with where the leaf is taken and when. You find this rating a lot in Darjeelings. I rarely see it in Chinese teas.  
The main types of tea are:  
White tea, which is the first leaf and is not fermented at all.  
Green tea, which is also unfermented and has incredible variation based on region and curing methods.  
Oolong, is a fermented tea which means it is cured with heat to develop more flavor. There are huge variations in region, how much they are fermented and how they are processed.  
Black tea is heavily fermented tea. Like oolongs, there is significant variation between regions and processing.  
Rooibos which is not really the same plant as tea, is very popular in Africa and becoming more popular in the west.  I believe it has a lot more medicinal and nutritional properties. I found it a little too tangy.  
Herbal teas, which can really be anything. Check Celestial Seasonings varieties as an example.  
There are also a lot of regional drinks that are unique, like Chai's, Mate's, etc.  
That is just some basic info I have gathered since I was in your shoes about 4 or 5 years ago. I hope it helps. 




 If you like Darjeelings, hopefully you have been able to try some of the good ones. They are an excellent example of how the same tea and region can produce incredibly different teas. So as you try new teas/regions, remember that same thing holds true.  
I also found a lot of people don't like green tea because they brew it like a black tea. It gets bitter very fast and like a good Darjeeling and oolong, you cannot use the color as an indication of when it is ready. 




 When I thought of blends, this was the only thing that came to mind for me too.  Unfortunately, what I liked was Twinings loose and I cannot find it anymore, even online.  Although I did like sleepy time tea, but that is tea in name alone. 




 Not sure about blends but;  
Yunnan black tea - I found this about 4 years ago and have never looked back.  
Taiwanese black tea - I love the natural fruitiness and floral side of their teas.  
Highly fermented oolongs - I like the nuttiness oolongs get when they have a heavier fermentation. I like oolongs from both China and Taiwan.  
Twinings Prince of Wales - My regular before I started getting into whole leaf tea. It has such a unique taste that I still keep a tin around.  
Jasmine green - I like gunpowder green too, but if I drink a green tea, it is a Jasmine 90% of the time 




 It's a lot faster to fly over the thin part of the globe. Any flights over or near the equator fly pretty much a straight line, within flight paths.  I've done ParisJohannesburg, S. Africa, ChicagoBuenos Aires, Argentina and LAMelbourne, Australia. Those flights over the equator are long. Very long 




 I did this to myself. The first corporate job I had was running database processes, After about 6 months, I was wondering why this was not automated so I started building VXRexx scripts to automate it.  Once the team realized what I was doing, they created a project to turn the whole process into a script. I won the corporate annual achievement award for coming up with the idea that took a multi day process and turning it into a program that will run in under an hour. However, I did program myself out of a job. Luckily I proved myself by doing it, so they put me in another position instead of letting me go. And 20+ years later, I am still working for the same company. 




 Vonnegut has a book called Player Piano that is about technology automating all of our jobs. As a trainer I am creating my player piano by making all of my lessons available in podcast. 




 Yes, I bring 5 or 6 dvd's with me when I travel. I hadn't watched it in about a year so it was a good selection for a 14 hour plane ride. 




 Yes, from a little shop about 4 blocks from the big mall in Taoyuan City 




 Unfortunately Twinings does not make their Russian Caravan anymore.  I was able to find some old tea bags in Europe somewhere, but I preferred the loose. I've tried other companies and they are not even close imo. 




 I've never tried anything but Taiwanese and Chinese in a gaiwan, but they were both very different than in my travel mug steeped through a strainer. 




 I would definitely be interested. This looks very close to T2Tea and will probably be the next tea I get online. http://www.teatrekker.com/teas/yunnan-jingdong-wuliang-golden-threads-12  




 Are they fairly clear brews like you get from the higher altitude?  When I first brewed a high elevation FTGFOP Darjeeling I thought I messed up and didn't add enough leaves. Then I tasted it. mm mmm good. They're much more tannic than a Taiwanese or Yunnan black though, which makes them rougher on my stomach. 




 I got tea drunk in all the shops trying so many teas.  My biggest problem was testing everything in gaiwan's, when I use a strainer at home. There is a big taste difference between the precision you get from a gaiwan and what I get from the strainer. I also use a little local honey which brings out some flavors and mutes others 




 About 10 of that price is shipping. TWG's website just recently came online so I have not checked their shipping price but their price is over 40US for 50g online (I think 25US in Singapore's airport), where T2Tea was 45 US to ship 4 50g bags but their tea was only 18 for 50g.  I've since tried about 30 Yunnan's looking for their flavor, with very limited success.  Yunnan Sourcing is the closest I have found, so I am still going through their varieties. Tea Trekker looks interesting too, but I haven't tried them yet.  
There is one store in a city about 50 miles from me that gets an occasional organic FTGFOP1 Golden bud Yunnan that has almost everything except the intoxicating aroma.  
Processing is so critical to tea, I just figured I was paying for some master to turn good Yunnan into an elixir. :-) 




 As for the key chain, just put it in the small cheesecloth bags you can get for adding herbs to stews and soups and put it in anything you can attach then. The cloth would protect the pearls of gunpowder tea. 




 Twinings makes a decent gunpowder green and it is about 5 US for 100g. It is a main brand out of England and distributed around the world. We have it in our local grocery stores. 




 Thanks. I'm excited to go back and get more Oriental Beauty and the High Mountain box.  I routed myself through Taiwan on a trip to Vietnam I have coming up so I could get more.  
I have all those Yunnan's because I am trying to find something like TWG's Golden Needle Yunnan or what T2Tea's Grand Yunnan used to taste like, without paying 25+ for 50g's.  
Thanks for the translation too. 




 Have you tried something like a Lingia or Steinthal plantation Darjeeling? I find them much more mild than the Taiwan teas unless it is very lightly fermented. 




 Excellent information. I do find a huge taste difference between low and high altitude Darjeeling teas. Low ones are almost like a Ceylon tea. High ones are where Darjeeling got the name Champagne of tea. 




 It's like the latitude Taiwan is on is perfect. The mountains and moist air makes perfect tea growing weather. Northern Vietnam is starting to develop the same mountains that butt up against Yunnan province in China. Continue west into the Darjeeling region of India. For me, that latitude has all the teas I love.  
To get more specific so it is more of the terroir (new word for me) I'd say Feng Qing county in Yunnan province, which is the true origin of Dian Hongs, fits.  I also think Taiwan has their own terroir. You can taste the soil like you can in a good coffee bean. 




 http://imgur.com/gallery/GGPVR/new  I put this on Reddit but I don't see it. I think it is the 2 on the right in the luggage.  




 For me it is their Grand Yunnan 22, surprise. :-)  
Their Russian teas are nice too. 




 She didn't tell me it was red tea. Just that it said Tieguanyin. I bought it in Taiwan as black tea. There may have been a bit of a language barrier that my smartphone did not get past in Taiwan. :-) 




 That bag was pu-erh tea. I gave it to some of the Chinese I work with. I couldn't handle it. Way too earthy for me.  Most of the silver bags in my cabinet are Yunnan's, which are my favorite.  
That TWG Yunnan is dangerously good. Sort of like trying Bellhaven's for the first time.  
My Tiguanyin and Darjeeling Ligia are in my tea cabinet at work. I'm hoping to get my new order of 2015 Dian Hong's and bring one of those in. 









 It's interesting you say that. I was given 2 tins of a very nice Taiwanese black tea. When I asked a Chinese girl at work what the tin said, she said tieguanyin, which I thought was oolong. She confused me even more. So, can tieguanyin be both oolong and when fully fermented become red tea? Is it a region or leaf type? 




 Watching Russian cadets learning to march is only slightly more interesting than watching paint dry. 




 I travel a lot for work and last year I was in Mexico for about 3 weeks. While there I ate any fruit and veggie I wanted, had ice in my drinks and pretty much ate what I wanted.  While eating with a co worker his college professor walked up and while talking he asked if I had Montezuma's revenge yet. I said, thankfully no.  When he was surprised I told him I drank tea all day long with honey in it. (Honey kills bacteria.) When he heard I was eating so much honey, he realized why I had not had problems. 




 EU3 (Europa Universalis) 




 Sometimes trying to figure out which are inexpensive and which are cheap can be a challenge. 




 Yes, you are correct. #18, not 28.  Thanks for clarifying that.  Just me getting confused.  Personally I am not a huge fan. It comes across as something the Brits might like a lot because it may stand up to milk and sugar. 




 I try to switch from my Yunnan teas on occasion so I do not lose the subtle flavors I love. There are 2 main black teas from Taiwan. One is the strain developed when the Japanese controlled Taiwan in the 30's-40's which is known as #18 or Hung Yu. Most of the large plantations use this tea.  They also still have the native tea which is incredibly fruity. I like that enough to ration my use of it. I'm hoping to get 250g's when I go back next month.  
Today I had the Hung Yu and it is much stronger and more tannic than I am used to now.  Very strong teas make my stomach a little wacka. At least our guest restaurant in our building is Indian today, which means I will have a big lunch so it won't bother me much longer.  
Edit: updated with correct # 




 Landfills release a lot of heat. Makes snow melt fast.  We have one converted landfill but it was an old fill and the slope is actually more off the side than directly on top. 




 Read the history of Margarine. The same thing is happening with Tesla.  The existing product is using gov regulations to protect their market share. 




 A little steel wool will get the rust off. No worries about it.  
If you have tea bags, use them. Tea bag manufacturers grind the tea and it really doesn't work well in a strainer. Especially the larger hole strainers that typically come with those tea pots.  
I can taste if the cup I use had coffee in it last time, so using the same container to brew both would be unacceptable to me.  You can get a french press for coffee for under 10 bucks and that will work fine to make your ground coffee.  People even use French Presses for tea.  You can really put anything in any strainer and pour hot water over it and you will pick up the flavor.  In a pinch you could probably use a food strainer or cheese cloth. 




 I'd think getting supplements from China would be very, very high risk.  
Here is a link I found though: http://www.weiku.com/Sliced-Herbal-Medicine/buy-Ephedra-Ephedra-Sinensis-Ma-Huang-Herbs.html 




 I started drinking tea again because of honey. I have too much acid in my stomach and I had bad pollen allergies. Honey greatly reduces both problems. I have friends with acid reflux who I have turned on to honey as well, and they then became tea drinkers too.  Tea and honey is my lifeline. 




 I agree. Twinings was the tea brand that opened my eyes to better tea.  I drank their Prince of Wales for about 10 years. I also like their gunpowder green and still get that. Their jasmine green is nice and people who like Earl Grey, love theirs.  I still use their tins for my loose tea that comes in bags. 




 I'm not into flavored teas beyond jasmine green so I can't help with that side.  However, I'd try teas from different regions.  I love Yunnan teas. I find them to be very floral and naturally sweet. Fujian teas are a bit stronger imo. They are sort of 1/2 way between an Assam and a Yunnan. Ceylon teas can be very strong and have a taste close to what you get from a nice bag tea.  Darjeelings are some of the most sought after teas and can be the most expensive as well.  I really like the Lingia Darjeeling. It's not too expensive, but it is way better than a mass produced Darjeeling like Twinings or Harney and Sons have. Darjeelings have some of the most subtle flavors of any tea I have tried.  
Also try different teas, white, green, oolong (lightly and heavily fermented) and black teas.  I wouldn't go crazy with expensive teas until you really know what you like. A decent mid grade will give you a good idea of what the tea type will be like. 
























 When I first started posting on a messageboard there were a few jerks who would make me steam. Then I met them. I don't stress too much about the jerks anymore bacause we have no idea what kind of fool we are arguing with. The guy getting my goat turned out to be some trust fund kid with serious addiction issues. He was so wasted when I met him the 2nd time, he had his pants on backwards. That is how I picture fools online now. 




 I came in to say the same thing. You could put a tag with the type or name too. 




 It's very interesting how people downvote on reddit. You ask a legitimate question and get DV's. Very odd indeed 




 I think it depends on where you get your tea. I drink Chinese teas about 90% of the time. This is a bit of a dilemna because I have no faith in most Chinese products meeting their stated guidelines. Especially organic products. I have had a number of Chinese teas, organic and none, that give me sore gums or sores in my cheek. 




 There was an aged oolong at duty free in Taipei that looked and smelled amazing. It was pretty expensive. I'm trying to decide if I get it on my way back through. Arghhhh 




 Tea is sort of like scotch in that the quality of the ingredients. Also in the processing. High grade teas are processed by experts whose skills are valuable and the quality of the leaf is much higher. Companies like lipton buy cheap tea and it tastes like it. I really notice the quality differences in Oolong
 




 I am in Taipei today and on to Vietnam tomorrow. Looking forward to some exploring on Sunday. Thanks again for recommendations. 




 There are many people who view the stories in the bible as parables. Whether the stories are 100% fact or not means less than the meaning of the story and how we can learn from them.  
But I'm not arguing from the position of a believer. Far East philosophies have always made more sense to me than western religions. 




 Talk to Dalai Lama 




 Moses: "I can part the Red Sea, but no one can look at it. I'll just write it down and describe it to you." 




 The way the religion developed was a lot different than other branches of Christianity. Luther, Ammann (Amish), Fox (Quakers), etc did not say they found gold tablets, magic hats, etc.  It was about interpretations of the Old and New Testament or which was focused on more. They branched off from existing religious groups.  
I can't think of another religion founded in the last 300 years based on some magic/miracle happening that is accepted as being legitimate any more than people do Mormonism. If Moses came down and said; I got 10 Commandments etched in stone from God, but no one can see them. It may have caused some doubt among reasonable people. Even 5000+ years ago. Let alone 200. 




 That's pretty much what I do everywhere I travel, minus the drinking.  I'm not much of a drinker but I had some cachaca in Brazil and had a few beers at the Poulaner restaurant in St. Petersburg, Russia. Everywhere else I've pretty much stuck to juice, tea and water.  
I'm looking forward to trying some street food and getting lost and letting Google maps get me back.  
Thanks for the advice and recommendations. 




 Thanks for all your advice and recommendations.  I didn't realize the bay was so far.  I'll spend my day eating food and searching for some nice Vietnamese black teas. 




 I'll be in Hanoi on business soon. I arrive on Saturday which leaves Sunday to do something. I'll be working from 6-6 the rest of the week and fly out on the following Saturday. I'll have a couple hours each night to walk around but I'll probably stay within a mile or so of my hotel in the Old Quarter. That leaves one day to really explore a little. While I'd really like to see Halong Bay, I'd hate to miss exploring the city in what could be my only opportunity to visit.  
I'd appreciate anyone's opinions or advice. Thanks 









 Sorry, I do not have a photographic memory so I cannot give you bibliographical information. You may want to argue with the German defense minister at the time because his view is fairly consistent with mine, but they were actual insiders, not people like you and me getting public information with a heavy dose of distortion. 




 No doubt. :-)  
I appreciate your methods and I think it would be a pleasure to talk to you in person. The way you disagree without being offensive and actually adding useful information is unusual on the web. I believe I could learn a lot of new things from you. 




 http://www.outwardbound.org/classic/adult-expeditions/  
We sort of do, it's called Outward Bound. I've heard nothing but great things about their programs 




 A diplomat with the German Foreign Ministry says that there was, of course, a consensus between the two sides. Indeed, the Soviets would hardly have agreed to take part in the two-plus-four talks if they had known that NATO would later accept Poland, Hungary and other Eastern European countries as members.  

The negotiations with Gorbachev were already difficult enough, with Western politicians repeatedly insisting that they were not going to derive -- in the words of then-US President George H. W. Bush -- any "unilateral advantage" from the situation, and that there would be "no shift in the balance of power" between the East and the West, as Genscher put it. Russia today is certainly somewhat justified in citing, at the very least, the spirit of the 1990 agreements.  
I'll defer to Germany's Defense minister at the time. I'm sure he is more aware of what was going on than either of us. 




 cold call telemarketer?  So in other words a total jerk with no real skills beyond taking advantage of the old and stupid and pissing everyone else off with your calls. You wouldn't have to fire me. I'd have found a better job long ago. 




 No, but I do remember the time. I've been a news junkie since the mid 70's. Iran Contra proved that I needed to go beyond the corporate news to find the truth. When the USSR fell, I had a lot of concern about what was going to happen to the nukes and military of the old USSR nations.  There was a lot of discussion at the time about NATO and whether NATO would move east.  I'm not saying anything some of the high level diplomats at the time said and are still saying. As the article states.  




 So what is your job in the Russian gov?  Are you one of those people in that building who do nothing but post on western media? I wondered how they stop people like you from having their eyes opened once they were exposed to an non state controlled media. 




 I never said there was. I said agreement. Do I think we know every agreement our nation has made with another nation? Not a chance. Do I think nations renege on agreements? Certainly. Do I think only the bad guys do it? Once again, not a chance. We antagonize every bit as much as they do. Whoever the proverbial they are at the time. Eisenhower had it right. 




 First I absolutely believe the Soviets are experts at media and public relations manipulation. By no means do I see Putin or Russia as a standard for others to dream of.  Last time I came back from Russia I told my manager I would do everything possible to never return. Their industry was pretty much commandeered by the KGB who pretty much became the Russian mafia as well.  
I also think there was an agreement about NATO expansion. Was there a signed treaty. I really don't know. But it wasn't like they really had much of a working gov as they were collapsing and things were happening pretty fast on the international stage. Did the US intend to renege on an agreement knowing you can't put the toothpaste back in the tube? Once again, I have no idea.  
Bush was Prez at the time and he was ex CIA, so there is no telling what games within games were being played.  
I also have no belief whatsoever that we know all agreements made between the US and other countries. Kuwait and Iraq were not the exception to the rule. It is the standard. Lies, built on lies, built on lies, sprinkled with truth.  MOSSAD knows the truth but they won't tell.  
(to add some levity) 




 http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/nato-s-eastward-expansion-did-the-west-break-its-promise-to-moscow-a-663315.html 




 http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/nato-s-eastward-expansion-did-the-west-break-its-promise-to-moscow-a-663315.html. 




 *Earlier this month, about 300 US paratroopers arrived in western Ukraine to train with Ukrainian national guard units.  
  
At the time, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov warned the move "could seriously destabilise" the situation in Ukraine.  
  
One of the key points of the Minsk deal stipulates that all foreign armed groups, weapons and mercenaries should withdraw from Ukrainian territory.*  
Like Iraq, there is a lot more to this than what both east and west are saying.  When the USSR broke up, NATO promised to never expand into the old USSR nations. And we've been ignoring that for the last few years. Also, I believe Putin wants to build Russia's influence back to what it was prior to the break up of the USSR. Chicken or egg first? You choose mostly based on where you get your info and what filters you use on that info.
 




 Compare the timing of when the great buffalo slaughters happened and when barb wire was invented. Barb wire was after the fact. 




 I put a little honey in my tea, so I make a pint mug and then just pour a little into a cup. It keeps the tea in the travel mug hotter for about an hour or so by not opening it over and over to sip from. 




 IMO any tea you like that has some body to it, makes a nice ice tea.  I use cheap Darjeeling because the high mountain Darjeeling's I like are very light and don't transfer their flavor well cold imo. I also like Prince of Wales cold. But I will drink any tea just about, cold or hot. With all my travels, I get a lot of odd versions. 




 They had them where I stayed in Moscow, St. Petersburg and Novrogod. http://imgur.com/gallery/9mkTz/new 




 Let the churches marry who they want and let the courts marry any couple who wants to get married.  




 They also were not compatible with cow ranching. It was pretty much the same with sheep in cow country. 









 A lot of Chinese teas are Suchongs which are quite smokey.  I have never noticed a smokey taste in any of the Dian Hongs (Yunnan black tea) 




 Clive Barker; all of his books are kind of erotic fantasy mixed with a nice stir of a twisted Stephen King. There is no shortage of gender angles in his stories either. 




 The same question was asked about 150 years ago when there was all the buffalo running around and the ranchers wanted to make cow the red meat we ate.  The killing of the buffalo was both to weaken the Indians and to strengthen the powerful ranchers business.  Cows lend themselves to ranching a lot more than wild game like Buffalo, deer, elk, etc. 




 L Ron Hubbard said if you really want to get rich you need to start a religion. And he did.  But we're the fools spending good money on stuff because it has the right label. It is all about image and they are good at protecting their image. 




 Only the libertarian group. The evangelical's, which are the core of the Republican base want laws to prevent things like prostitution and drug use.  Most conservatives are conservative and do not like change. 




 Yunnan blacks actually develop more flavor over time.  When they are fresh, they are so bright flavored you really do not get the subtle notes at all.  They compare them to red wines and how they develop flavor as they age. It's one of the reasons most Pu'er tea comes from Yunnan. 




 Do you drink bagged tea or loose?  Moving from bag to loose, you may want to stick with Assam's, Ceylon's or Darjeeling teas. (I don't have any experience with African teas so I am not sure what they are like.)  When I switched, all I drank was Twinings darjeeling and Prince of Wales which are both pretty hearty.  From there making the step to more mellow loose teas was easier. 




 When I first tried the Lingia I thought I did not brew it enough or did not use enough tea.  It blew my mind when it had as much flavor as it did, as light as it was.  It's almost like how deceiving Oolong's are when you look at the color and then taste it and get a mouth full of flavor.  Color has no bearing on taste with those teas.  




 It's from a company called WMF, they make all sorts of high quality cookware and accessories.   




 Switching up from my normal Yunnan black tea and having a nice SFTGFOP1 Lingia Darjeeling this morning. For a change of pace, it's tough to beat. 









 Interesting perspective. I believe it is the best book to read about the labor movement and the methods used to weaken the power of laborers.  If you know of a better book that is not all pro capitalist, share the title.  Incredibly enough, reading a wide swath of information about a topic is how you learn. Not reading one perspective over and over. Which is what most people seem to do. 




 Howard Zinn's A People's History of the United States is a good book about labor and other topics. 




 There would definitely be punishment delivered 




 Looking out at the sky and realizing you are seeing into infinity has blown my mind since I first learned the concept. 




 I'd have to think they put in as many steps as almost any profession. Many of their steps are taken with urgency. I meander around a class all day. :-) 




 I train software in a classroom setting and I am on my feet walking around a classroom for 8 1/2 hours with a 1/2 hour to sit and catch up on email. Like you, and unlike a FedEx driver, we don't have a vehicle to sit in for 1/2 the day. I imagine emergency room workers put in a lot of foot miles too. I actually wear shoes that are very popular in hospitals because of their comfort for hours on end. 




 I almost find Shogun to be more of a romantic novel. The rest of them are historical novels. King Rat sort of stands on its own but it has characters from Noble House. 




 Thanks. 80-90% of the tea I drink is Yunnan black tea and they seem to specialize in them. I'll have to add them to the list and try them soon. 




 A girl I work with went back to China and bought a lot of tea from the tea market with her brother. They bought a bunch of small bags like that and sealed them like we do with seal-a-meal. The bag may be generic.  Once you open it and share a picture, people may be able to tell if it is a tieguanyin. 




 I really enjoyed Clavell's books on Asia's far east. I found Shogun a tough read, but the rest of the series is very good and gives you a nice flavor of China in the 17th and 18th century and even into the 19th and 20th in the last books. 




 I just read about there being over 100 variations of tea from Yunnan.  I have never noticed a sour taste. Real fresh Dian Hongs can taste very bright, but I don't consider it sour.  One of the things I like about Dian Hongs is how they never seem to get bitter. 




 I was searching for information about Wu Liang Hong Mao Feng and found the http://www.panthermoontea.com/black-tea--china-and-taiwan.html site.  
It looks like they have some excellent teas.  Has anyone tried them or know anything about them? 
























 Mini crop circles 




 Hide it in my wife's junk drawer. Although it may never be found then. ;-p 




 I had a real shallow strainer a long time ago. It was almost more of a food strainer by look, but not design. There is no way it would have contained an expanding tea leaf, like many oolongs. The one I show an image of in this thread doesn't have that problem. Any well designed strainer should work fine with any mug design.  
Unless you don't like the tea floating and not integrating as well or something, then your options are limited. 




 That sucks. I've lived in big city suburbia my whole life and I take some things for granted. I have to drive 25-35 minutes for good Chinese food, but there is bad to acceptable Chinese food all over.  
My only time in the boonies is on fishing or hunting trips and we're packing everything in. Any carryout is 40-50 miles away. 




 My pleasure. You may want to try Earl Grey too. People either love it, or hate it. They also have a decent oolong. I drank Twinings for about 15 years. Hopefully you can find a few you really enjoy. 




 Here is my strainer. http://imgur.com/gallery/pAXdqu7  
Edit: Here is my gaiwan with the built in strainer. http://imgur.com/gallery/BRg3jhY 




 I had Kliban calendar's for years and years.  I loved those cartoons. 




 my son who is a Chemical Engineer would love that as a tea/coffee mug. There is profit to be made by the person who sells these as mugs. 




 Have you tried asking any of your local Chinese restaurants if they sell their tea?  In our area, they will sell them and the price is very competitive for bag tea. 




 Twinings is readily available in the UK and they have both loose and bagged tea. They are fairly inexpensive teas. They have a lot of variety to find the flavors you like and they are easy to find.  I like their Darjeeling, Prince of Wales, Jasmine green and their gunpowder green. 




 Can you explain what makes the strainer useless for you?  I use my gaiwan, which has a built in strainer, for oolongs or trying new teas. At work I use a 500ml stainless cup with a stainless strainer for the tea. I then pour smaller cups into a porcelain tea cup so the tea in the travel mug stays hot longer, as I am not leaving it open for sipping all the time. 




 I was wondering the same thing. We had a teacher create ours in some HS class a lifetime ago. I don't hear much about them anymore. 




 I just found this: Each named variety of tea bush produces a fine and noble tea that is named after it, such as Da Hong Pao, Tie Lo Han, etc. This unique naming and identification happily provides yan cha fans with much to sample and discuss.  Laplap Hoa may be a big old tea bush. 




 I get tea from China and Taiwan too, but only because I cannot grow it myself or get in any grocery store. Like you can with orange and lemon peel, lavender, rose and carnation petals, etc. And it's not tea, but I get what you mean. 




 Hmm, time for a trip to IKEA. Those bags from Yunnan Sourcing take up a lot of space and my tins from Taiwan use more space than I need. I keep my tea in a cabinet so the clear jars don't worry me.  
Thanks for sharing. They look like they'll hold about 75-100g's of leaf tea 




 Why on earth would you get some of those products from China? I expected to see some of their medicinal type stuff like you can get from a Chinese herbalist. Not stuff you can easily get yourself in a grocery store or from your garden. 




 Incredible for me to see this as I am having the same issue. Apparently I have a pinched nerve in C6 and C7. They're talking about all sorts of mean and nasty things to fix it. I've gone back to yoga and trying to get back into Tai Chi to loosen myself up. Surgery is not an option I want to consider. I have another appt Monday.  
They have a test to see if it is nerve or something else. I think it was called an EMG. 




 If I use Google translate, my options are traditional Chinese and simplified Chinese. I believe it refers to the common language/character set used by the people in China. Yes, there are many sub languages in China. Could it be sort of like referencing Indian language, which is the Hindi shared across most of the people in India.  
edit: Wiki page: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_language 




 Crystallization doesn't bother me. It makes it easier to measure. Some companies whip it, which integrates the crystals even better and it stays that way for longer. I live in Michigan. When I travel to tropical locations the honey gets very soft. But still not exactly pourable like store "honey". 




 Could it be the estate name?  If I saw Lingia Darjeeling in Hindi, I'd have no idea Lingia was the estate name. Trying to translate it would not work like laplap hoa doesn't. 




 Or even several names of teas in the native language. My tea strainer has the word tea in 6 languages along the rim.  
http://www.wmfamericas.com/shop/tea-strainer 




 I don't prefer it or dislike it. It's just a fact when you buy real honey.  
I guess it's like OJ. We want consistent flavor, but to get consistent flavor requires pasteurizing. What we really buy is neutered OJ with orange perfume added. Since the orange flavoring is made from oranges, it can still be called pure.  
What we really prefer is the pure product, but that product has too short of a shelf life for big stores. So the stores compromise for us. 




 I didn't know that.  I've been to western India and southern India and all I have ever found there is regular black Darjeelings. Thanks for improving my knowledge of tea. I assumed oolong is sort of a special technique which is why I've only seen it from China and the surrounding Asian countries. 




 I wish.  IMO the bigger problem is Chinese honey with a lot of unhealthy and unlabeled stuff in it. Chinese honey comes in from all over the world. Currently Chinese honey has a 215% tariff on it, so they move it to a country without the restrictions and relabel it. 




 I use a metal electric tea pot to heat my water. A nice addition would be a temp gauge/thermometer on the outside. It would be a cheap addition and unique.  
I pour it from there into a double wall 500ml stainless tea cup to keep the tea hot. I would consider a nice porcelain or ceramic one instead.  
I use a WMF stainless steel strainer. It's simplicity and ability to keep clean is perfect. I do not see a way to improve it. You'd have to get into cute strainers for people looking beyond the functional imo.  
I have several tea cups I use. I just got a new one I really like while I was in Vietnam. It has a nice unique design and you can tell it's not from a mass market company. Maybe hook up with a few artisans in Asia who make cups or maybe some pottery schools or studios in the US who would be interested in small run cups of different shapes and styles.  
Edit: and avoid Chinese products. The quality of their inexpensive products is highly questionable. Even for Chinese. I prefer no lead in my cups, or unknown metals in steel products. China has major problems with both. 




 1st flush for regular drinking, 2nd flush for when I need something that bites a bit.  I've never seen anything but black Darjeeling, but since Darjeeling's a region not a type, it makes sense that you could find green unprocessed leaves too. It would surprise me if they were making oolongs though. 




 I agree about the raw honey. I actually went to tea partially to start getting honey in my diet. I have stomach problems and bad pollen allergies. Honey had a huge positive impact for both problems. Until I started using raw honey, I was struggling with the flavor.  
I have never found raw honey that did not look and taste pure. Supposedly, the reason grocery store honey is heavily mixed and ultra purified, which takes all the health benefits away, is for shelf life, for that golden look and because most customers do not like their honey crystallizing, which real honey does. I doubt if the market for raw honey is big enough to get the Chinese imposters and large companies adulterating it. I believe almost all honey from the big corporate food groups is highly processed and at least mixed with foreign honey. Most foreign honey is not pure or has a lot of Chinese honey. Once you get into Chinese honey, you're into all sorts of metals and toxins mixed in, as well as non bee products. 




 I got mine from Amazon. I think I paid around 35 for a cast iron one that is a nice size. I've seen it in Duty free shops in Asia for a lot more. It has a nice porcelain inside to keep it clean.  
It's called Old Dutch Cast Iron Saga Teapot, 52-Ounce 




 It would be kind of cool to have a calligrapher write the type of tea in the native language in a nice contrasting color. Sanskrit, Kanji, Chinese, etc 




 They are labeled as pure, when they are not. Olive oil has Canola and other oils added. Honey has corn syrup and what is called honeydew added, which is honey from insects other than bees. Like aphids. 




 I stop at Cracker Barrel for breakfast a lot when I am on the road. They use Dickinson honey's and jelly's. I like their jelly, but the honey tastes and smells like what you mention. Unless I have a super strong tea, that is the overwhelming flavor. 




 I was really bummed when I read about the olive oil.  The 2 brands I bought most often were both using canola oil mixed with olive oil. I thought I was buying from reputable companies and of course the label on all of them said "Pure olive oil".  
For honey, I just didn't like the darker ones being mixed in as it made my honey smell and taste like molasses. That pushed me to the health food stores and farmers markets to get wildflower honey from local suppliers.  




 I find inexpensive Darjeelings get bitter fairly quick. But as others said, that is sort of the way people like their tea sometimes.  On my way back from Tokyo I had a breakfast tea when I woke up. I wanted that tannic, almost bitter flavor to wake up.  
I prefer Yunnan teas most of the time and they are known for not getting bitter, even when over steeped. 




 When I got my first gaiwan in Taiwan, I talked to the owner about how to use it. He gave me some directions and said to make sure I leave the top off of it between steepings or the leaves scald. Also, as Sa Rart stated, I shake my strainer real well to get as much water out as I can.  Still, some teas handle a 2nd steeping better than others.  I've also found if I use my cast iron tea pot which is about 750ml, there is not much flavor left for a 2nd steeping. In small steepings like in a gaiwan, I can get 4-6 depending on the tea.  
It may have more to do with how much tea you can make from your steeping, than how many times you can steep. 7 steepings of 100ml is almost the same as one of 750ml. 




 What are you basing your labeling on? Them saying it is honey does not mean it is honey. The FDA does not inspect honey.  
It's like saying you get pure Olive oil because it is labeled as such. Labeling means little in the US. Olive oil and honey are 2 of the most mislabeled and adulterated products on the grocery shelf. 




 Honey and Olive Oil are 2 of the most mislabeled products in the US. 




 I should have specified in the US. The US FDA does not inspect honey. It is pretty much the wild west in labeling. 




 But in NYC there are real farmers markets on Long Island. It was more an example of how far and wide honey is produced now.  I guess the tundra regions are about the only place honey is not produced in quantity. Desert's, cities and almost everything between. 




 Ah yes, that is true. Even McDonalds in Canada is not too bad because of your meat standards.  Maybe finding specific honey for wildflower of orange blossom or something. If it is mixed honey's. it may have buckwheat honey which is almost like molasses imo. 




 Search about it. Most honey labeled as honey is in fact corn syrup or mixed with corn syrup or other sweeteners: This is directly from the USDA Rules and Regulations,  honey does not require official inspection in order to carry official USDA grade marksthere are no existing programs that require the official inspection and certification of honey 




 Where do you live that you can't get local honey? They even have beehives on roofs in NYC now. If nothing else, try Stakich honey, which you can get on Amazon. I find their honey to be excellent. It was local to SE Michigan, but I think they've gone national now. I used to buy cases of 6 - 5 lb containers to save on the cost.  
 




 Argentina is a major producer of tea, so like India, Taiwan, China, etc there are a lot of variations. I believe they focus on black teas. They planted seeds from India and China in the 20's. 




 Most honey sold in the US grocery stores is flavored corn syrup. The real mass market ones are typically mixed from several types. Some honey is disgusting imo and has an odd smell when it's heated. I like pure wildflower honey from local suppliers.  
Try getting your honey from the local farmers market. I think you'll be surprised. The real dark honey's are rough imo. 




 Was it made in a normal tea cup or one of their cups with the straws? When I was there, most people drank mate. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mate_%28beverage%29 




 T2Tea Grand Yunnan http://www.t2tea.com/tea/black/grand-yunnan.html was the first tea that just blew my mind. The new crop did not grab me like it did for the last 3 years.  
TWG's Yunnan Golden Needle is even more amazing but over double the price. https://www.twgtea.com/product/details?code=T617  
I bounce around a lot with Yunnan Sourcing's Yunnans looking for something like either of the above. I haven't found a match, but http://yunnansourcing.com/en/yunnan-black-teas/3327-wu-liang-hong-mao-feng-yunnan-black-tea-spring-2015.html from last autumn is the tea I find myself drinking over and over.
 




 Constant Comment is the only flavored tea I enjoy. It has a very nice flavor. And Twinings Darjeeling was the first Darjeeling I really liked. 




 Last time I was in Taiwan I bought tea from several shops. I had been looking forward to going back now that I knew which ones I really liked. Surprisingly all 3 teas I wanted to get again were in the same shop. (An Oriental Beauty, a heavily oxidized Tie Guan Yin and a Sun Moon Lake black tea) They had a 20 year old oolong that I decided to get too. Brewed western style it was more mellow than I expected. Tomorrow I'm going to try the gai wan and see if it develops more body 




 When I was in Singapore, they had a shop called TWG, which is sold in Harrod's in London.  Their Yunnan Gold Needle is one of the best teas I have had in my life. 




 All of my current teas, not bought on my overseas trips, is from Yunnan Sourcing. I am very happy with their quality. I really enjoy their High Mountain Red Ai Lao Mountain Black Tea. It reminds me of Sun Moon Lake's black teas from Taiwan. 




 I hope you find a tea or two you really like. Personally, I hate Earl and Lady Grey. They add bergamon to that and that taste overwhelms the tea for me. My favorite Twinings is Prince of Wales. It has a fantastic flavor imo. 




 I take a green pad to my stainless cup about once a month. I add baking soda and even vinegar if it is real bad. I don't even use soap on my gaiwan and tea cups. I rinse them with hot water, wash by hand and rinse again. 




 I read that we should add more tea if we want it stronger, not brew it longer.  I still try both methods. Each works, but I get better results depending on the tea I am using. I think green tea gets bitter if over brewed. I don't mind over brewed black teas though. 




 If English breakfast tea is weak to you, your limited on your options.  Irish breakfast is almost like drinking coffee to me.  Did Darjeeling come in your variety pack?  Twinings Darjeeling is a lot stronger than a high mountain estate Darjeeling.  If you want your tea really strong, pour the water directly over the tea bag just after it quits boiling. That will put hair on your chest then. ;-p  
Edit: This advice is for black teas only. It will make oolongs and green teas bitter if you pour boiling water on it. 




 Everything I can find says Li Shan is oolong, but I have some that says Red Tea (Black tea for westerners) and it brews like a red/black tea. It's pretty nice but a lot like an Assam.  
Has anyone else seen a black Li Shan tea? The company I got it from ahs both regular Li Shan and Red Li Shan. 




 Absolutely not.  We had our 2 kids and I was done. No rubbers ftw 




 Give your remaining time to help others. Cook in a soup kitchen, work in a 2nd harvest for food program, deliver food to the elderly and home ridden. You may find it gives your life purpose.    Commercialism is what the western life is about and it is an empty life, or like eating dorito's to fill you up. I really struggle finding meaning of life too and focusing on others, helps a lot. 




 I spent a few hours walking the old quarter this morning. Very cool area. Unfortunately I have a pinched nerve in my neck that is causing a lot of problems so I had to cut it short today.  
























 I wonder what living conditions most of the workers came from? We're framing this in western standards and the poor in India, Pakistan, etc do not live any where near western standards.  
Not saying this is OK, but they may be living in better conditions than they did at home. 




 With low end being lipton, store brands, etc. Companies that sell just Black Tea, Green Tea.  
Companies that actually sell regional and loose teas are getting into mid grade imo. While there's a difference between Twinings bagged and loose Darjeeling, it's not as drastic as the difference between a generic black tea and any Twinings tea    
High grade is artisan type teas, well regarded estates, fermentation methods, regions or in some cases even individual plants, etc.  
Where do you draw the line between the 3?   




 When being on the court and on the video screen has more value than the reward. 




 Wu Liang Hong Mao Feng Yunnan Black Tea is a good example of a decent Yunnan tea.  
High Mountain Red Ai Lao Mountain Black Tea is a unique tea from the region and has many characteristics of a nice Taiwanese black tea.  
Real fresh teas have a unique flavor. I like them once they've aged a few weeks or months.  




 I think loose leaf tea drinkers accept variation from year to year. People who drink bag tea are after a consistent tea, year in, year out. The Prince of Wales I drink today tastes exactly like it did 20 years ago. My Yunnan loose leaf teas taste different this month than they will in a couple more months. I just got an aged Yunnan black tea from 2012 from Tea Trekker. 




 Not necessarily. While many cheap teas use the fannings, I doubt if companies like Twinings and other mid to high end bag teas use them. They probably grind leaf for their mix. Unlike loose teas where each crop may be very different, bag tea remains the same year to year.  




 Have you gone to Yunnan Sourcing's Chinese site? When you first go to their site, the center image sends you to their international site where they have a lot more tea.With what I've read about Ali Express, I wouldn't risk any money with them without specific recommendations. 




 Tea bags are almost always ground tea. Full tea leaves expand too much for a tea bag. I drink primarily Yunnan black teas and oolongs. Green tea and oolongs keep me up at night if I have them after dinner. I find if I brew a relatively weak Yunnan gold, the caffeine is minimal. They're also very fruity teas and work nicely with a bit of honey. 




 Thanks for sharing this information 




 The same way Tolkien knew what a Balrog looked like so Jackson could put it in the movies. ;-p  




 Watch out for these guys: http://newsfeed.time.com/2012/08/07/how-mit-students-scammed-the-massachusetts-lottery-for-8-million/  
http://www.foxnews.com/scitech/2011/02/02/statistician-cracked-lottery/  
Examples of both drawings and scratch offs 




 It's unfortunate they are on different networks, but it would be cool to see Elton Brown and Gordon Ramsey do some cooking challenges. Guiding teams to a final winner and/or One on One challenges between them.  
I think Elton would guide a team better and improve their skills quicker. I think Gordon would Psych Elton out a bit on one on one's. 




 One of the most beautiful sounds of the north. 




 Regarding communism, read about why the New Deal was made and the strength the socialists were gaining across the US at the time. Look at how workers were being treated. Look at the consolidation of wealth. We were Bangladesh in a land of supposed freedom and equality. Communism was only a threat because people wanted to share in the wealth they created through their labor. It wasn't a communist plot as much as it was the industrialists wanting to live like European royalty treating their workers like peasants. Creating laws to protect workers and provide some basic care for all citizens saved our nation. Preventing them from becoming peasants under the industrialists instead of peasants under a communist government was a major turning point in our history and gets very little discussion in the history books we use in school.  
I am somewhat amused by you saying the best pure democracy you can think of, restricted the voting to a very small group of people; the owner class. I guess some of the tribes making up the Iroquois confederacy were the closest I can think of. Almost all people had a say in important decisions affecting the tribe, and pretty much the freedom to do what they wanted as individuals.  
Even then, they had to have someone representing them in cross tribal meetings.  
In one of my media classes we talked about how it was not even the angle reporters put on a story, but what stories they are given to write about that affected what news we read. It's why the OWS movement got so little attention. What the movement represented was a direct assault on the status quo. Our police force does what it always does in times of struggle, represent the government. They are not the protector of the people. They are the protectors of the status quo. As are the corporate sources of news.  
In a poli sci class I had, they talked about how you can see the true interests and driving forces of a government by looking at who the laws are written to protect. Labor laws, environmental laws, laws for legal recourse against injury and damages, trade laws, regulations to protect free enterprise or monopolies. How did the law work for a black guy in the south until the 50's-60's? The new trade agreements are written in such a way that the trade laws will supersede local and national laws and disputes are handled through the trade courts, not the courts of the nations. Who are those laws written for?  
When WWII started Hearst and a few others controlled a large segment of the news most people read in the cities. Many of them were supporting the fascist ideals of Hitler. Many of our most powerful leaders of industry supported Germany. A general actually told the president about a plot the industrialists and military leaders had to grab power and ally with Germany. It's an extremely interesting piece of history to explore in depth. One of the first things any revolutionaries or conquerors want to do is control the information. If you investigate their attempt to grab power in the US, read what the media owners who were part of the plot were writing in their papers. And then reconsider the unbiased media ideal. 
Iraq is the best recent example. When the war drums were being pounded, most of my sources of information were calling them on their lies. The mainstream corporate media were banging the drums with really good stories and images. And our first videos of guided missiles for even better show. Now, it's Oh if we had only known then. Or well, it really had to be done at some point.  
An expansionist Israel, The Sunni/Shia civil war, our choosing sides in the civil war and the location of some of the best crude oil on the planet are the 4 main causes of the tinderbox over there. And lurking in the background, Russia and China provide military and technical materials and knowledge to Syria, Iran, India and others in the region. Our propaganda does not fly with the leaders in China and Russia. They know the truth, not the distortions we are told. They know why we have an issue with Iran. They know why we support the sheiks and Israel and they knew why we went into Iraq both times. As do the leaders in Europe, and most of the rest of the world. They provide their own propaganda, designed for their country.  
And yes, the beginning of our invasion of Iraq was easy. As I said before, Kuwait was side drilling into Iraq's reserves. Iraq went to the US since we were allies for both. We told them it was a middle east affair. They went to the regional Arab states group who told them it was an argument between them. Iraq then told everyone they were going to attack and nationalize Kuwait, yada yada. Everyone sat back and watched Iraq build up their forces for a few weeks. Lines of tanks, jets in advanced bases, infantry spread out in a line. All ready for the invasion. If the US did not want Iraq to attack Kuwait, they only had to send one company or even a division to make it a firm line in the sand. A marine company can be in place in most places in the Middle East in under 24 hours and probably a light division as well. Attack this line and you are attacking the US. There was a fair amount of discussion about this at the time in military journals. What Saddam did not know was our alliance was over and we were going to destroy his military once he got them all lined up nicely for our advanced aircraft and guided missiles. Pre-made for incredible kill numbers and a great show of force at home and around the world. Threat against Israel from Iraq brought from an annoyance to nothing in the blink of an eye. Saddam's response, cancel the oil contracts with the west and give them to Russia and China. The west's response, re-invade and put someone in power who gave the contracts back.  
I worry about our future when we are sending all of our jobs overseas. Kids can't find jobs and our middle class is shrinking. Wealth is being concentrated in fewer and fewer hands. We're allowing big money to have more and more influence on our elections. Through the 70's most improvements in productivity gave almost equal growth in wages across the board. Now those productivity increases go to the top with greater and greater difference between wages at the top and bottom. The elite don't care about countries. The top 1% lives pretty much the same all over the world. They actually have it better in the 3rd world because of how cheap it is to hire people. Not even counting land, you can build a huge royal estate in India for way under 10% of what it would cost you in the spoiled west where people aren't willing to work hard for reasonable pay. Notice the sarcasm at the end. I think it is extremely unwise to move all of our manufacturing and sharing of advanced technical knowledge with our global adversaries like we are with China. We are destroying our environment. I can't hunt what I used to hunt because we have turned 80% of our farmland into subdivisions. I can't fish where I used to because the rivers have become too poisoned to have healthy populations. I have to drive N of Lake Superior from where I am to catch fish like I did 25 years ago or drive to the Dakotas to hunt bird like I used to. My kids are having kids now and I wonder what the world will be like in 25 more years.  
I'd like to see our 2 party system end. To achieve that, we would have to form gov's from multiple party's like many democracies throughout Europe and around the world. A 2 party system is inherently adversarial, which makes sense since our rules are written by lawyers. When your only tool is a hammer, all problems look like a nail. Their system is purely adversarial. I'd like to see a national or state holiday for all elections and make our voting far more secure and easier to do. I'd like to see elections with no outside money influencing them. We own or regulate the airwaves and cable/cellular bands, we can require all media airing on those airwaves (including cable) to offer free time for debates and limited air time for them to explain their views in their own setting. I'd like to see a company like Shell fined so hard for hard for their environmental and safety incompetence that bankrupt people up and down the coast that it jails some and nearly bankrupts them. The cost of not protecting the environment has to be so high, that they put extreme effort into preventing it. As long as we only slap their hands, they will continue to do it. Until we slap them so hard with fines, things like this will continue to happen. As long as the rules and regulations are written in such a way that we protect them over us, it will continue to happen. I think we should find key industries that employ a lot of skilled and hard working people and protect those industries through our trade policies. I think we should promote other countries to make the goods that don't fall in those categories. I think with our ingenuity and work ethic, we should have a positive trade balance with the rest of the world. People around the world love our stuff. Which is really just our brands and many of those brands are not even made in the US anymore. Which is why we have such a trade deficit. We import almost as much oil as we export. We export far more refined petroleum products than we import, so it is not our energy and fuel needs that cause our deficits. It's because 80+% of what we own is made in Asia. It seems like most people have jobs either moving or selling products made somewhere else. Our service based economy of the future supposedly. It makes for a very top heavy economy benefiting global oligarchs with national loyalty being nothing more than a coin to use at the bargaining table. I think we should find strong allies in key locations around the world, treat them right, press for a gov where the people feel they are treated right and have a strong middle class to increase national stability and help them build the infrastructure to help them achieve that. 




 NO, Lake of the Woods is ours too. Next you'll want all our loons. 




 Someone must have been really tired of coming up with names for new birds. "I'll name that the black and white hawk eagle bird thingy.  
On a serious note, as a birder, I'd like to see them. Thanks for sharing. 




 Someone designing IKEA mugs saw that somewhere, thought it made a good draining method, and claimed it as a benefit. I doubt if the IKEA designer was the first to do this. I've seen it before on cups and thought it was part of the manufacturing process. Then I realized it prevented them from pulling up coasters, I really liked the design then. 




 I agree, I think from the near site we are within degrees of each other. It's as we get out to the edge that the differences are more noticeable,  
Terrorism is the modern day communism. It's a catch all to justify our actions. War is profit. Huge profit. Eisenhower made a statement about the military industrial complex, that I am sure you are aware of, based on the breadth of knowledge you've shown. Even during the birth of England, France, Spain, Russia, etc., factions within the barony and church guided their actions as much as the kings or queens. Even in China, Japan, etc with their warlords. It was also not unusual for other countries to influence the politics of another. The East India Trade Company is a great example how private industry started influencing governments as well, once democracies overtook monarchies.  
Can you provide any examples now or in the past of this real democracy or pure democracy you feel is the standard and not based on set laws, where all laws are voted on by every citizen instead of elected officials? Democracies are governments elected by the people. The whole concept of a democracy is all citizens elect representatives who are supposed to follow the will of the people. Democracy does not mean every rule and law is passed by every citizen each election cycle. We would not need elected officials in this pure democracy you reference as all decisions would be made by each of us through voting. I don't think even a utopian view of democracy is what I think you define democracy as and is certainly not any definition I ever heard in any poli-sci or gov classes in college or before. It's almost the angle I read from anarchists; no gov, we can make all decisions as individuals and don't need gov defined structures.  
I imagine both our views are much more nuanced than what we can get across on reddit. I really think we are both over simplifying the issue to fit within a post too, when there are hundreds of page papers written about what we are talking about, from all angles. I agree with those who feel we could have done the same thing the west did after WWII, to the countries in S and C America as well as Mexico. We could have built modern industry and had people get paid enough to build a middle class, which is the cornerstone of any country. Japan and Germany both have very strong economies with a balanced middle class. Instead we chose to support the oligarchs and allow the average citizen to get crapped on for our benefit. So we can have cheap fruit, oil, minerals, and any other resource they have that we need.  
And even this is a massive oversimplification. Japanese and German society is far more structured than anything in S or C America or most parts of Africa or the middle east. The priorities, cultural values, work ethics and many other things have an impact as well. And once again, have hundreds of papers from all angles.  
I've enjoyed reading your views and it made me think and investigate and question some of my facts/beliefs/opinions in more detail. Often what we want to believe is different than the facts. We are all good at using cognitive dissonance to see the world the way we want. Sometimes we need to verify the things we want to believe even more than the things we don't want to believe. It's so easy to accept faulty data when it's the data that matches our views.  
I use news sources that have been proven accurate to me over the years. Many news sources followed the gov line about Iraq, Iran Contra, 9/11, etc. or about GMO foods, radiating our food supply, industrial farms, raw sewage being used as fertilizer, toxins killing birds, bees, etc.  A few were telling us the truth. The sources that lied about each, are pretty consistent and some only told the truth about some things and not others. It seems like most people continue to use sources that have repeatedly distorted reality. Not only leaving them less informed, but even worse, misinformed But it's a distortion that matches their beliefs, so they continue to read and watch their Washington Times, New York Times, Washington Post, LA Times, Chicago Tribune, ABC, NBC, CBS, FOX, etc. The lies they have been told, do not trump the worldview they want to maintain. I personally believe very little the corporations tell me through their newspapers and other media. We are a long way from a Walter Cronkite or  newspapers that investigate and publish stories about the little guy being stepped on by the big guy. Our media now represents the big guys. The little guy does not have a voice that can be heard through the trees. By no means, do I have the lock on truth or how to provide world, let alone national  'best methods' to govern the masses in a dog eat dog world. Facts not based on pure science are like a huge disco ball sending facts from thousands of different mirrors. We find the ones that match our view, or construct our view from a few cherry picked facts that match our greater view. I grew up hunting and fishing. I love nature, being outside, getting my own meal from the land and water. I despise what is being done to nature to benefit a few, with protections that prove faulty time and time again. Protections often written by the lobbyists, for the few. This view makes me believe corporate malfeasance involving the environment, when I read about it, without the usual verification of facts. There are too many past examples of it happening and being whitewashed or swept under the rug as soon as possible. I believe powerful industry, led by what are for all practical purposes; oligarchs, use our military and intelligence services to protect their interests overseas through the power their money has on our gov. This doesn't preclude WWI and WWII when we went in to stop Allied/Central Powers, or Korea against Russia and China. (That whole Russia China alliance after WWII is very interesting to read about. They were not the most trusting of allies or working toward the same goals.) All 3 are much more complicated than the fairy tales and fables we are fed, but if you don't protect your allies, you diminish your power in the world.  
There are actually a lot of good authors that use the early19th century to the mid 60's in Asia as their settings. It's also a region I visit and try to stay up on current news.  I've watched what our economic and trade policies have done for the few, and what they've done to our job market and our middle class. When I read about a new economic or trade policy written by the same people who have given us the same thing over and over, I don't believe a word they say. I've already heard their distortions and fantasies for the last 20+ years. I've seen who they benefit. I'm lucky, my wife is lucky, my 2 kids are lucky. We've never had a major injury or sickness. We work in the fields we went to school for. We've never been unemployed. All but my wife have 4 years degrees with no student loans. We all have supplemented medical through work and decent benefits. But I know so many people who have a lot of skills, worked hard and still saw their jobs leave when their employers moved to a free trade, low wage country. I have a lot of strong protectionist views.  
These and other life experiences, education and readings have colored my view of the world. I'm ignorant about far more than I am knowledgeable about. People consider the word ignorant to be a negative term, but we are all ignorant about many things. I know virtually nothing about brain surgery, rocket science, astronomy, physics or most advanced sciences. My level of ignorance about those subjects is vast. I'm a news hound and enjoy researching topics I become interested in. I enjoy current events around the world. I like following the money to understand a main facet driving war, or allowing and even supporting such short term thinking about the environment and the profit some can suck from it in the short term, with no regard for the very long term ecological cost. 
I 'm also a war gaming fan from the old Avalon Hill games like Squad Leader, and Eastern and Western Front. and miniature battle recreations in GameCons. Now I enjoy games like EU3 and SPWINWW2 (A remake and expansion of the old Gary Grigsby Steel Panthers.) because they are more playable from the same computer or internal network and don't require all the setup. From a purely strategic angle, my view changes quite a bit about our global actions. No games can recreate the global fencing between nations and religious, racial, and philosophical differences creating variables in regional and global plans. Plus there is the influence of all sorts of special interest groups and individuals within a nation on their economy and relations with other nations. The global economy and banking system, religious extremism, nationalism, environment vs growth in the 3rd world, are all subjects that we could study and read thousands of papers on from experts explaining a variety of problems and their solutions. Each facet from that disco ball is worth a discussion like we've had. And would likely be as interesting. 




 Nor is Saudi Arabia, but like Pakistan they cast a blind eye to the powerful elements in their country and gov who do support terrorism. Bin Laden lived in Pakistan with full awareness by many throughout their gov. Powerful elements in the Saudi gov funded the terrorists for 9/11. If this was happening from Venezuela, we would have invaded them.  Instead we invade Afghanistan, where it just so happens we've been trying to build a pipeline for years. We being oligarchs from the west. And the pipeline is moving along quite nicely now.  
Yes, it is wrong to overthrow govs, as we've done throughout S. and C. America to protect companies like United Fruit. We purport to stand for freedom and human rights, which is window dressing. We support the most viscous dictators around the world and ridicule democratic countries who won't allow us to have their resources for pennies on the dollar. Look at countries like Dominican Republic and Haiti or Honduras and Panama, or Columbia and Chile. What kind of  life have we created for all but a few in those countries? These are countries we either put leaders in power or greatly influenced who was in power. We got sweet heart deals for their resources by lining the pockets of a few people. Now any future gov who challenges those long term corrupt and unfair deals is made a pariah. How our power manifested itself throughout the region, and continues to, shows our true colors. As does our silence about the sheiks behavior in the middle east. If we came right out and said, we're like China or Russia and we care more about the resources and strategic value of  a country than the people of the world, I would not have an argument. But when we hold ourselves up as the beacon of democracy and high regard for human rights, we also can't begrudge people who show the hypocrisy of what amounts to our Corporate Statement/Pledge.  
Democracy comes in many forms. It just means elected government, at its most base definition. As a republic, we do not have mob rules. Our system of checks and balances through the division of power is supposed to protect us from dictators.  We have a basis of laws that protects all equally. Well except slaves when we were created as a nation. Or gays now. And others in between; women, laborers, kids, fringe religions, etc. I can't think of any pure democracy where people vote on anchor laws every cycle. There are republics, parliament monarchies, theocracies, socialist, and all sorts of other flavors of democracy. Mob rule democracy is not something I am aware of in the world now or historically so I do not know what you mean by pure democracy.  
Yes, our country offers many opportunities. But Jose Mujica in Uruguay achieved the same thing from a lesser background. All throughout the world people are able to live their dreams. But if you are already born on 3rd base, your opportunities are far greater. I live in a city known for its bars and restaurants. There is one family that pretty much has their way when they want to open a new one. Everyone else spends 5  10 years jumping through hoops. And even then, it's extremely challenging. The same thing plays out in all levels of our gov, and all other govs around the world. Corruption helps those in power and with power more than the little guy trying to rise up.  
There have been hundreds of articles written by a wide range of people discussing how prophetic both authors were. In some areas we have grown beyond them and others are still in their infancy. To deny the similarities between the war on terrorism and what both authors describe requires a very narrow view of both.   




 People who have no opportunity are vulnerable to all sorts of shady employers. Read about people working on fishing boats, it's pretty much the same in some parts of the world as the Middle East and their construction firms. Recruiters promise them all sorts of things without telling them the costs. Once they are on the job, their ability to leave is extremely restricted.  
On the other hand, we're putting their living conditions in a western framework. They did not come from western living conditions. The poor in India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, etc live in and eat worse than homeless trash divers in western cities. Those who survive can come back and get married and maybe start a little business or buy a little land. In their terms, it may be their only chance to survive at all. 




 Our allies in the Middle East show the hypocrisy of our concern for human rights around the globe. 




 It's a pure money grab. It's like the Olympics, billions spent to build an infrastructure that will help bankrupt a country later. In Qatar, they spend human lives instead of bankrupting their country like Greece, but they will still be left with empty stadiums like Brazil.  
A few people, the deciders, make millions to screw the people under them. And no lube is offered. 




 FIFA is an example of how the oligarchs think everyone else should be treated. We're all BIC lighters to use up. 




 Whistling the banjo solo from Deliverance 




 I realize the current war was not purely about oil and in 91 it was about destroying their military. There is a lot more about Iraq/Kuwait than most people know. Kuwait was stealing oil using slant oil wells that went into Iraq's reserves. All the big players said it was between the 2 of them. The manipulators wanted the results they got. Iraq's military was destroyed.  
You don't mention the Shiite/Sunni divide and how we've taken sides in that because of the power the Sheiks have in our gov, through their wealth. Or how that divide is a big cause of ISIS, the Taliban and most other Sunni funded groups. It is the Sunni's who caused 9/11 and most other Arab based terrorist attacks. It is also the Sunni side we have taken in their religious war. Once again, because of their oil money buying our gov.  
And using Israel as an example is bad form imo. They are the aggressors and we do not hold others to the same litmus paper we hold them to. Israel can have nukes, but no one else in the region. Having and using them are also 2 different things. Pakistan has them and they are one of the most unstable, terrorist funding  govs in the world. But they know, using them is the end of their country. Same for India and even Iran if they get one. What we don't like is nukes prevent other countries from attacking them. Being a bully is only effective until your victims get guns. Nukes on the global scale are based on the same reasoning the CCW groups use to allow them to carry guns. They are for their protection against aggressors.  
I also do not buy that Israel deserves or should have gotten Israel based on biblical text. "Our sky God says this is our land" being taken as legit is Monty Pythonish to me. Giving them a country is fine, but make it some place they actually currently live and have a population. Not in the backyard of their adversaries. Maybe England could have given them land, or the US, or even Germany since they were the most recent gov who wanted to wipe them out. Germany could have been forced to provide land for Jews, Gypsies and any other native group they wanted to kill off.  
I also believe there is irrefutable proof that about 90% of our wars/police actions we've been involved in, were to protect our access to resources in that region/country. About 9% were to protect strategic locations, and 1% were legit and used to knock down an aggressor with regional ambitions. Propaganda wise, it was always to protect the people or our allies.  
And to finish up with, The Project for the New American Century wrote the blueprint we are still following, in the mid 90's. Our 2 party system is not democracy. Funding our election system with money from the powerful only helps the powerful. We are an oligarhy under the guise of a democracy.  
I'm also not saying it is right or wrong. All of global politics is about creating the right lies to allow them to behave the way they want. We live in 1984 and Brave New World. Huxley and Orwell were more prophets than the writers of most religious texts. 




 My buddy just bought a house outside Flint for 16k and put another 15k redoing the roof, new siding, new drywall, plumbing, electrical, flooring, etc. He's a handy guy so he did a lot of the work. But for 32k he has a nice 1100 sq ft house and 2 car garage.  
edit - and over 2 acres. 




 I realized that. My response was more tongue in cheek than anything.  
You are right. Russia, Venezuela, Norway, England and other countries have increased their production and we are not as vulnerable to embargoes from the middle east. But oil is sold as a commodity on the global market. We import and export almost the same amount right now. Very few gas station chains get gas from only one country. Marathon has a huge local refinery and you see trucks of all manufacturers filling up there. Marathon gets the oil they refine from all over the world. Something like 30% of it is coming from shale in Alberta and the Dakotas.  
But ABSCAM was not about oil, it was about money and the Arabs ability to buy favors. It's like one of the top articles in /news about the gyrocopter pilot. Money poisons politics in our country and if you have enough money, you can turn our politicians into puppets. 




 http://www.teachat.com/viewtopic.php?p=194093  
It does not directly reference blue scale, but you may find their article informative and relevant. 




 Supposedly, Hefner was drinking coke all night and would not touch one that he did not open himself. Everyone pretty much knew you were getting dosed at that show. Hefner avoided it. 




 Did I say oil?  It's the money. The Koch's and Soros' don't have to give oil either to have their paid puppets do their will. 




 I agree with your statement, "they have not been less independent of Saudi oil in a century". 




 It's there. Earl Grey is a black tea. Constant Comment is another black tea not shown. They both add flavoring, like bergamot for Earl Grey and a variety of things in Constant Comment so they may be considered herbal, but the additional temp for the black tea leaves would make it out of range for them.  




 I've never used the pitcher or understood why they were used. I just read it's also called the fair cup. I had noticed how as you poured, each cup would be a bit darker than the previous cup. This allows everyone to have the pour blend, for lack of a better term.  
Thanks for piquing my interest and allowing me to learn something new.  
http://www.teavivre.com/info/how-to-use-gongfu-tea-set/ 




 Just as an aside; was it just a bagged tea, a restaurant specialty loose tea, or ...? Not mentioning the tea itself is more like something I see in /teaporn.  
Edit-typo 




 And the best I've been able to come up with in my trips to France is Kusmi tea. Sort of the Twinings of France. Since I've found this site, I hope to go back and try some of the shops people have talked about. 




 LMN  :-) 




 http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2014/06/14/america-s-allies-are-funding-isis.html  
Maybe if we can get our allies to quit funding them, we could make some inroads against their expansion.  Unfortunately, as ABSCAM proved, our gov is owned or rented by the oil sheiks. 




 http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/jul/31/us-senate-intelligence-officials-nsa  
We've known about this for a long time. This linked article is from 2013. It's just that a vocal anti gov group in the US has decided this is bad now too, so it is getting more mainstream press time. 




 And for you to think most people know who owns their news source is ignorant imo. If someone put up a news article from RT or The Socialist news, the source would be questioned because people would rightly understand that the source has an agenda. Most people do not know The Washington Times is a Moonie newspaper. They guy who cuts my hair has a stack of them next to his chair for people to read. When I told him, he did not know, but he (this is important for what I am trying to point out) likes the angle they present their stories from. Yes, he is a hard core tea partier/Ayn Randian.
edit - typo 




 I'm a bird watcher so I have a lot of berry bushes and trees, that flower.  I am not seeing any bumblebees this year, which is unusual.  It's been bad the last few years, but not seeing any is scary unusual. 




 Washington Times is a Moonie owned newspaper. The Rev. Sun Yung Moon ran what was considered a cult until he built power up in our gov. It's like reading The Mormon News, or some other religious paper for news.  
Let the dv's commence but hopefully a few investigate and see the veracity of my comment. 




 Those who cast the votes decide nothing. Those who count the votes decide everything.  
Diebold 




 I'd tell the world, 10% of us are going to die on X date. Who volunteers to be one of the 10%? You may have to turn people away. 




 The store is called TeaHaus in Ann Arbor Michigan 




 The Darjeelings I get are sold through Geschwendner. They have a Ligia and Steinhal estate Darjeelings that I find very nice. Not cheap, but very tasty. 




 Their Grand Yunnan was the best tea I had ever tasted until I tried TWG's Golden Needle Yunnan.  My last order of Grand Yunnan was not as good as previous orders.  Their shipping costs are very high.  
I would put them several steps above Teavana. 




 Excellent!  You now have my 2 favorite regions covered; Yunnan Province and Taiwan. 




 You can get 250g of Twinings for between 4 and 7 US. I think that is about as cheap as you get for loose tea. Harney and Sons is a bit more expensive and has a bit higher quality, but still pretty reasonable. I go through Yunnan Sourcing for a lot of my teas and I have found their prices very reasonable. 




 He's kind of like Bugs Bunny in that it's written on several levels. He jabs quite nicely at the stuff society does that is odd and inconsistent. 




 I've never seen their tea in any local shops. I see it on occasion in restaurants, but not in stores to buy. 




 I saw that it was still available in Australia and I looked around while I was there a couple of years ago, but I could not find it.  It is no longer imported into the US. I really like T2Tea in Melbourne so I tried their's and was fairly disappointed. I still have 90% of it in my tea cabinet. 




 IMO Vonnegut stands alone. There are other good satirists, but none like Kurt. I have really enjoyed Ben Elton's books. Both Gridlock and Stark have a similar flavor to Vonnegut's books. I also found Carl Haiisen to be a good satirist. And lastly, not someone people usually see as satire, Terry Pratchett. The Discworld series is very satirical and pokes hard at our current world. 




 Biography of George Bush 




 Their good teas are over priced and their flavored teas are not something I appreciate. I prefer whole leaf tea with no additives. 




 Each method gives a different flavor imo. I almost feel like I am wasting oolong by making it western style because it lends itself so well to multiple steepings. The first steep does not give the same character as other steepings. 




 Rinse with water after I've dumped out what I can. 




 Twinings used to make an excellent Russian Caravan. You can't find it in the states anymore and other brands have not appealed to me as much. I miss the unique flavor of that tea. 
























 You'd definitely be living in the moment if you were hanging on a cliff. Much like the hand being offered, it would feel far sweeter than any hand I had felt before except maybe my kids hands for the first time. 




 This seemed fitting: A man traveling across a field encountered a tiger. He fled, the tiger after him. Coming to a precipice, he caught hold of the root of a wild vine and swung himself down over the edge. The tiger sniffed at him from above. Trembling, the man looked down to where, far below, another tiger was waiting to eat him. Only the vine sustained him.  
Two mice, one white and one black, little by little started to gnaw away the vine. The man saw a luscious strawberry near him. Grasping the vine with one hand, he plucked the strawberry with the other. How sweet it tasted!  
Any hand would be sweet when I am ready to fall to my death. 




 I am a very impatient person, especially on the road. I used to get smoking mad on my drives into work.  I finally redirected my thoughts and said to myself, the traffic you hate so much is actually an excellent opportunity for me to practice patience.  Now when I get frustrated in traffic, I redefine it as an opportunity to practice something I am lacking in.  
One of my favorite Zen sayings is "It is useless to show the gold piece to the cat." One of the meanings I get from this quote is how futile it is to try to get others to see things they do not want to see or understand.  
Also, there are some people who get their kicks from disturbing, hurting, frustrating, others. They are just not ready for their spiritual journey yet.  Your behavior and actions may give them a point of reference if they hit their spiritual maturity. 




 I recently read something about religions and Zen.  The article stated that people who follow religions like Christianity, Islam, Judaism need the regimented absolutist view of religion. Everything is fairly well defined and mapped out if you want to reach heaven. It's only as our concept of spirituality and self develop that we can see beyond them and start to appreciate, and even need, growth outside the God-Follower concept.  
In other words God is sort of like Santa. While you believe, it all seems so simple. When you dive in though, the act if giving and sharing is about far more than Santa and as long it is framed that way, their ability to see beyond Santa's gifts is difficult. 




 Regarding this Zen Doctrine of ours, since it was first transmitted, it has never been taught that men should seek for learning or form concepts. "Studying the Way" is just a figure of speech. It is a method of arousing people's interest in the early stages of their development. In fact, the Way is not something which can be studied. Study leads to the retention of concepts and so the Way is entirely misunderstood.  
Huang Po 




 I think our kit bag of sorrows and frustrations allows us to continue to be mired in the past and provides us an excuse for why we are stuck where we are. As long as I can pull something out of my kit bag I carry around to explain my inaction, I have an excuse to maintain the status quo and not push my growth. 




 It is useless to show the gold piece to a cat. 




 I use an electric teapot. I put my hot water in a 20oz travel mug and put a strainer on top with my tea. When my tea is ready, I pour some in a ceramic cup to drink. That way my tea in the travel mug stays hot longer. When I travel for work, I fill a thermos with hot water and make my tea before I go on the job site. A good thermos will keep your water hot enough to make tea for many hours. I've gone over 16 hours if I don't open it. Once I remove some water and let cooler air in, it gets cooler much faster. For the most part, I can make tea twice from hot water in a thermos before it gets too cool to make good tea. 




 If only one side works, you probably have a short in a wire going to that side. See if you can feel a break in the wire. 




 I got a DBX3 for Christmas one year and I thought it made all my music sound like it was running through a wah wah machine. I returned it and got a TEAC reel to reel and a pair of AKG headphones. They were the best headphones I've ever tried.  
And imo Bose makes speakers that mold the sound more than I like. No one would ever confuse them with studio monitors. 




 Yes, I have a sound card with speaker plugs. I think you need powered speakers or you'll need a powered amp for your computer, as others have said. Your computer does not have an amp to drive speakers. 




 The best analogy I have heard is comparing it to old .32 dot pitch monitors. Our eyes would blend the pixels to see the image. We do the same thing with digital music. Instead of a curved line, we have a series of steps. Our ears blend those steps into a somewhat smooth wave. But here is where digital loses, the effort required to translate the steps to a wave diminishes the pleasure of the music. They hooked monitors up to people's brains and had them listen to both digital and analog music. The pleasure receptors in the brain were more active with analog music. Like the .32 dot matrix monitors, the image is recognizable, but it is not the same as seeing the original. 




 Listening to a Marantz tube amp driving Klipschhorn speakers. And for lossless, it was trading concerts through the web. Maintaining the exact copy for the next person in the chain was critical. 




 Ann Arbor: Teahaus. They have a nice variety of tea, are all fairly knowledgeable and they have a nice tea time. I like their single estate Darjeelings. They used to sell an organic Yunnan gold but since I've started ordering from Yunnan Sourcing, I haven't bought their Chinese teas.  
Royal Oak: Goldfish Tea. It's a nice little tea shop off the main street. They have a decent selection of Oolongs and green teas. I get my Jasmine green from them as well as a relatively inexpensive TGY. I actually like their mid grade TGY more than their high grade.  




 compost 




 1-Avoid the monsoon season. Google and wiki both have information about seasonal weather around the world. Compare temps, humidity and rain with flight costs by different times and find a match that works best.  
2-Fly, ferries have spotty safety records in East Asia. Ha Long Bay is about 2 hours from Hanoi. Book an overnight excursion with a good company. The overnight boat tours are supposed to be excellent. 




 I've read a lot more now. What you've told me throughout this thread allowed me to know what information I needed to examine in more detail. As well as possibly saving my next receiver or amplifier by not running 4 speakers and overtaxing the system. Now I have to do a cost-benefit comparison for 2 channel vs 5.1 or 7.1. I don't have a use for the other 2 speakers knowing what I know now unless I try to integrate them into a 5.1 or 7.1.
Thanks again for all your time and information 




 btw, I am looking on Amazon because of gift cards, credits through travel cards, etc. 




 Apparently I was confused about impedance as well. I thought you'd want more efficient speakers if you are running 2 sets.  
The additional advantage beyond the problem with the A/B use of going to a 5:1 would be DVD's on TV. I didn't realize the issues I was causing and the lack of benefit I was getting from using the A/B switch with 4 speakers. At least going to a 5:1 system, I would remove the A/B problem. At least now I know what direction to look.  
Does Yamaha still make good mid range receivers?  
http://www.amazon.com/Yamaha-RX-V477-5-1-Channel-Network-Receiver/dp/B00ILCS11E/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8 qid=1433179705 sr=8-3 keywords=yamaha+5%3A1 is $249 and looks decent. The next levels up appear to add options but not clarity to the sound itself.  
There is a Marantz 5:1 http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0081N916M/ref=psdc_14269301_t3_B00ILCS11E for $399 that I may be able to squeeze in budget.  Does Marantz still sound like they did 10+ years ago? It looks very intriguing. 




 I travel the world by myself for business, and I'm always too worried about getting a doctored drink and end up in just my socks in some alley. I almost did it to myself in Amsterdam but not with a drink. Passing out in a coffeeshop as a tourist, alone, is a bad idea. Oh here, let my get my friend out of here... same end result 




 Like the blue haired ladies when the Red Cross shows up at work for blood donations. The joy when they actually hit your vein for both you and them. 




 We're all 18-20 at some time. It's just a matter of having the right partner to keep your incentive up. Come to think of it, that is about the same time I became interested in Zen readings.  




 I was even more idiotic than that. They have brass connectors between the low and high. If you intend to use both, you are supposed to remove them. As long as the connectors are in place, it didn't matter which set I used. It's amazing what you can make yourself see/hear/taste if you are looking for and expecting a difference. I thought I could hear a difference when I switched them.  
So is it a problem to use both A B together on a system with the connections for 2 sets of speakers? Would a 5:1 A/V system add different equalization or tone to the 2 sets of speakers or does a 5:1 work different than I am thinking when playing music from a cd? I guess like a movie, it would need to be mastered for 5:1, 7:1 or something. Does the receiver itself modify the equalization between speakers on a 5:1 A/V system so even on a cd it would equalize the speakers different?  
You've really helped me understand a lot of things I was confused about. I've read a lot online but finding that middle ground useful for an avid, but well out of the loop, audiophile of sorts was challenging. We were 4th generation piano players on my Mom's side, so I grew up with live music. I never became much of a player, but I still look for the clarity you get from a live piano, horn, stringed instrument or percussion in stereo's.  
I had Nak equipment because I was a collector of concerts and they were traded through the mail on cassettes. I ran a Nak DR-1 and DR-2 for tape to tape recording. Since I wanted the Nak decks, I got the RE-2 as well. It was a marked improvement over this JVC I'm back to using. When we switched to trading concerts in cd's I got an NAD dual cd burner. After about 10 years it quit working and it was 100 bucks to have our local shop open it up and then the cost of repair. I sold it for 50 bucks on craigslist to someone who had confidence it was an easy fix. So then I was back to my 25 year old JVC cd player. It just happens to have the same DAC as their higher end models, so it's a decent player.  
Hope that wasn't too long. Just more information for a better idea of both my cluelessness and the sound I grew up with, and try to reproduce.  
Edit: for clarity 




 I just read more detail about the high-low settings and I guess there is a jumper that makes it so I am using both regardless of which ones I have my speakers connected to. I guess I was using them wrong and misunderstood what I read when I got them. 




 Thank you for your response.  
All of my previous integrated amps or receivers had A/B switches for the speakers. It allowed you to run just A, B or A B. I assumed since it had the option of running 4 speakers, it was built to handle 4. I guess I am really confused now about the 4 speaker connectors I've had.  
On the back of the B W's there are 2 sets of terminals to connect the speakers. They are labeled Hi Freq and Low Freq. In the owners manual it said something about how it adjusted the frequency setting. I assumed it was more balance to one or the other. Treble/bass. Am I also confused about this?  
If I switch to an A/V 5:1 receiver will that make use of the additional speakers without putting them "in parallel"? I have no interest in a sub but I would be open to getting a center channel to bring the 5:1 to use.
Thanks again for your advice and information. 




 I have a narrow room about 16' x 10'. The couch and my computer table is on one long wall and my tv and stereo is on the other long wall. It leaves about 7' between my computer chair or couch and speakers and tv.  
The B W's have a high freq and low freq setting. I have the low freq set between waist and chest level next to the tv and the high freq in the corners, pointed towards the center between shoulder and head height. There is about 1' of clearance above the corner speakers. I'm sort of limited in locations and heights.  
I ran them in the corners of the room when I was set up using the length, but the furniture layout just didn't work when my wife added her computer table to the room.  
The room is fairly bright with wood paneling, tile over concrete, and a drop ceiling. I've added carpets and cloth wall hangings to soften the brightness a little.  
Regarding integrated amp vs receiver. It was not money I was hoping to save but getting more bang for the buck. NAD has a couple integrated amps in my price range, but they are set up for only 2 speakers. I have an AB Switch box I could use, but prefer not to.  I've noticed some receivers have DAC's built in so you can run a hard drive to them. I would love to be able to integrate my tb drive to my stereo.  
I guess in order of priority is:  
1-Ability to work well with existing speakers.  
2-Clarity. It's my understanding speakers are usually the weak link in a system. It's a lot easier to get 20-20k and sub 0.01 distortion from from a cd player and receiver than speakers.  
3-Price to cost benefit. With bookshelf speakers I don't need a lot of power, but I do want to be able to rattle the picture frames on occasion. I'd much rather have a warm natural sounding system than something like Bose which does more modeling or molding of the sound.  
Thanks 




 Just to start, you recommendation of those JBL's is excellent. Their Studio Monitors are incredibly clean and precise speakers.  
My problem/question: My Nakamichi RE-2 died. I'm temporarily forced to use my old JVC POS and I get better sound from my PC now.  
I haven't searched for stereo equipment in probably a generation and I'm worried about considering brands that were once high-mid quality, that are now Chinese POS.  
I run 4 B W DM-602's and I'm currently using an old JVC CD player with a nice warm DAC that I am satisfied with. It's not a weak link in the system like the receiver is. I do not need a receiver, unless wanting to connect to my TV/DVD player requires one. I don't know if the AM/FM receiver is also used by TV and/or DVD's. I ran an old Nikko integrated amp until I blew a few transistors in it.  
Since the added components of a receiver have to cost something, is there any price savings by going straight to an integrated amp?  
Are there companies that are worth looking at that I would not have looked at 10 years ago.  
I've had decent luck with NAD, Nakamichi, Nikko, Denon and Marantz products in the past. I think NAD and Marantz are out of my budget this time. Any recommendations anyone has will be appreciated.  
I'd like to stay under 500US and closer to 300 is even better. My main interest is clarity and the ability to adequately drive my 4 speakers.  
I listen to jazz, rock and some folk/bluegrass.  
Thanks for your time 




 He's the Michael Jordan of soccer/futbol. His skills are so amazing, it brings fans to the game. We don't get La Liga games on our cable system but I'll watch any match he plays in when it's available.  
I'd like to see him join the Premier League so I can watch him more as they do show those on our cable provider. 




 I was comparing it to the Enquirer. And I don't really consider tabloids like the Enquirer and Mail as journalism. Just low brow entertainment. Sort of like the sports pages. 




 Have you seen the National Enquirer? 




 Irish Breakfast, English Breakfast, something like Twinings Darjeeling (I only say something like Twining because single estate and high end Darjeelings can be pretty mellow), Orange Pekoe, Ceylon are all very tannic and astringent teas like coffee is. They will make a dark, strong tea.  
My wife and kids are all coffee drinkers. Most of my friends are too. The Breakfast teas are strong enough and give them the kick they are looking for and can stand up to milk or whatever.   
From there my son grew into the more subtle teas. I even have a friend that switched to Yunnan black tea. Like oolongs, their diversity and complexity is amazing. Puerh's are still too earthy for me. I think some tea's are like fine wine or something. It takes an appreciation of the baseline before you can develop an appreciation for the subtleties. 




 Since it's France, I'm surprised it's not someone's full time government pensioned job to remove tourist locks from bridges.  
;-p 




 One is the British version of the National Enquirer in the US the other is for news.  




 I have the Mail linked under entertainment along with reddit and imgur. It's not news, but it is humorous. It's like our National Enquirer. My wife likes it for the stories about actors and fools. 




 I was expecting something to get shot, broken, imbedded, etc. Turned out a bit more messy than that. 




 How much pressure was there to avoid pointing fingers in your work? Or if not pressure for where not to look, but where to focus your energy?  Like the oil companies, there is a lot of money riding on the line with these bans, limits, etc and companies like Bayer have huge budgets to create reports, propaganda for the media, testing that gives the results they want, etc. It was almost insulting when BP was making all those commercials, after they poisoned the gulf and destroyed the businesses all up and down the coast, talking about how much they care about the environment and the local communities.  
An example; the neonicotinoid's themselves are not necessarily killing the bees. It just affects their ability to orient themselves and to fight parasites and disease. Place the bees in a sterile environment where they are not forced to forage as far for food. Where there are no parasites and no diseases. In that environment, there would be little difference between the baseline hives and sprayed hives. Therefore Bayer proves their chemical does not kill or harm the bees. 




 There are a lot of distortions about what is causing this because the blame falls on a very powerful industry.  Mites, parasites, illnesses, etc have always been part of caring for beehives.  Now it's like they all have AIDS and cannot fight anything off. Things that may have killed some of the bees are now killing the entire colony.  There are literally hundreds and hundreds of articles about this and like Climate change, some of the information is paid for by the people responsible to whitewash the issue. Neonicotinoid's are the smoking gun. The EU has banned use for 2 years to do comparison studies and the US is considering it. 




 You are right. I didn't realize it was from Thailand. Oriental Beauty is specific to Taiwan I believe. 




 Our large Portuguese clay dish that we used for all casseroles that was a Wedding present 30+ years ago. Cheesy potatoes are not the same in the metal dishes and our Corning dishes are not big enough. 




 It looks like Oriental Beauty Oolong. Bugs munch on the edges of the leaves and it makes the tea have a very rough edge to the leaf. It also discolors it a bit.  
https://teacology.files.wordpress.com/2014/10/oriental-beauty-oolong-tea.jpg 




 Itty bitty strainer. No oolongs for users of this imo. 




 That yellow tin is Oolong?  The Chinese restaurant we had near work sold a tin that looked like that and it was a very nice oolong for the price.  
I grab a different black tea from my cabinet at home every couple of weeks to have as my main drink at work. I always keep a good Darjeeling and a decent oolong there too, just in case. Like today I have a sore throat so I broke out my oolong instead of the black Lin Shan or the Wu Liang Mao Feng Yunnan 




 We went there the first time to get spices. We stayed for lunch at their little lunch counter. I forgot about it again until you brought it up. I need to make a trip there again soon.  
I usually only buy bottled tea or water when I am on the road so I do not drink these teas very often, but there is no comparison to any US brands. As others have said, this is tea. Not a tea beverage like what we get with Arizona, Lipton, etc. 




 The one that comes up was a writer for the Thieves World collection. Some of those books were written by several authors. They all had male names, but some of them were female. I believe I found the same thing with the Annual Science Fiction short stories book. Not the title of the book, but it was a collection that came out each year with excellent SF short stories. 




 India was eye opening for me as to how cheap human life is. People all over on the verge of starving. Kids being sold. I wonder how many of these kids have been sold to the recruiters? Kids being 18 - 20 year old's. 




 Any water soluble drug can be absorbed through the skin, Acid is extra effective because of how little you need to penetrate. A mixture with coke would have something but not enough to work through a squirt gun.  
 




 I was ignoring a glaring variable you point out. These people are really being conned by recruiters. I was blind by thinking there was  
A) Access to information and the ability to read for these workers.  
B) An inability for the recruiters to hit enough different villages and areas in the cities for them to keep the business going when word comes back to their community about the con.  
C) Following B, I thought enough people came back to the community successful that others joined willingly. Even knowing the dangers and hardships.  
D) Through ignorance thinking there are some general international labor laws all countries had to follow, which is why China was pressured to quit using child and jail labor. I'd think what Qatar is doing is comparable.  
E) Assuming it was just some shady recruiters, working with some shady sub contractors, and more the exception to the rule than the standard.  
F) And finally, forgetting how little groups like FIFA or even Coke and the other advertisers care about human life when there is huge profit involved.  
Can I down vote myself for earlier ignorance or upvote you twice? Thanks for raising my awareness and connecting dots I was not considering and removing some of my misconceptions.
  




 ehh, cheap for the right people. Probably not you or I, but it's cheap to make. And it gets absorbed through the skin. No need to get in mouth or anything. 




 If my neighbor was given part of my back yard by a 3rd party to build buildings and tear out my garden, the cops already chose to do nothing. 




 Someone needs to drive by with LSD in a squirt gun and spray the WBC protesters. That would change their viewpoint real quick. 




 With the caste system India used for so long, nothing really changed then. Blame the group, not the individuals. The group itself is bad, as are all members of the group. You know, like FOX news does with Muslims. 




 Suggesting it is good enough? You must have special glasses that allow you to read between the lines or something. Please explain where I say this should be good enough for them. What I said, is what they are coming from, is not much, if any, worse than what they are living in in Qatar.  I also said, this may be their best opportunity to make money so they can get married, raise a family, buy a little land, etc.  They certainly do not have the opportunity for work in India to achieve those things. Yes, it's terrible that people are dying on the job in Qatar. Do you really think people are not dying on the jobs in India too?  Do you think India is like Europe or the US where labor laws protect people from harm in the workforce?  
"the International Labour Organisation (ILO) estimates that at least 40,000 workers lose their lives at work each year in India." 




 I travel there. I am not speaking from what I've read. I'm speaking of what I've experienced. How about you, have you been to India? Have you seen how close to the edge they live?  Do you have any concept about how many people die of malnourishment every day in India? Do you have any idea how hard it is to get a job in India if you are on the bottom rung of the ladder?  
Once again, I am not excusing Qatar. I am just saying framing this in Western standards is a distortion. Qatar is not the US as far as labor laws and India is not the US as far as how close death is there for a significant portion of the population. 




 And just to be sure you know; I am not excusing it. I think Qatar should have the World Cup taken from them and have it moved to a country with the infrastructure to handle the reduced time; like Germany, the US, France or even the Benelux countries. (Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg. It was given to them because of bribes, they cannot have the games during the right time because of the weather, they have to switch up league play to handle the change in dates to accommodate Qatar. They treat their workers like slave laborers with little safety protections and causing many people to die. 




 Every time a tribe conquered another tribe in Africa, they sold them to slavers. But tribal living in Africa was much like native Americans so it was a pretty decent life. In the modern age, you have people living in cities with no running water, toilets, places to sleep, no food to eat.  It's incredibly depressing walking around India and seeing how low some people live. Garbage trucks don't go to dumps, they dump them along the side of the road, and people separate the plastic, paper, etc and eat the food.  People are crapping along the side of the main roads. Something like 50% of people in India have no access to a sewage system and use the ground.  
The people that recruit these people may be feeding them a bunch of BS, but some of them are going back home with maybe enough money to buy a little land or a little business. If you're at the bottom in India, there is not a lot under you. And unlike the western nations, heat is not something that you can use as a reason for not working. When I visit Ahmadabad, the temps are usually in the high 90's or low 100's. Everyone who does outside work in the industrial sites, are all working in any weather. I just got back from Vietnam with the 100 degree temp and near 100% humidity. I could barely walk around the city because it was so miserable. Yet all over, there were street vendors, sweepers, cleaners, etc all doing their thing. Putting a western frame around the behaviors and living of the 3rd world is like comparing apples and wrist watches. 




 Shibumi by Trevanian is excellent but more about an assassin and attempting to find perfection. But Travanian is an incredible author and highly enjoable to read.
Von Lustbader: The China Maroc Series and The Nicholas Linnear/Ninja Cycle are all quite good and may be a little more of what you are looking for. 




 Maya Angelou; I know why the caged bird sings is excellent.  
I think you may be surprised that some of the authors you think are men, are actually women. I can't remember the author now, but the books were written under a male name, but I found it was a female author who published under several names, like many successful authors. 
























 I find their teas a small step above Twinings but much more expensive. 




 Maybe she identified as the mother of a handicapped child. She was just living to what she felt her true identity was.  
Hi Ho 




 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time - M. Haddon  
Flowers for Algernon - D. Keyes.  
Call of the Wild - J. London  
Hobbit and Lord of the Rings  




 As others have said, it depends on what you like. I've read most of Forsyth's books and Icon is a good read. It's sort of a political thriller. I find he writes about as well as Ludlum.  
I read most of Ludlum's books until he died in 2001. Now other writers are using his name. Both of those are decent WWII thrillers.  
Battle Cry is the only Leon Uris book I could get in to. I found it a decent story about a group going from boot camp to war. He develops good characters.  
I never liked Wouk or Follett. Their writing just doesn't flow well to me. They're kind of like reading bad translations of good books.  
The book in the upper right hand corner has no plot or character development. The only decent thing about it is the detail creating the setting. ;-) 




 The Saudi gov is broken into 2 distinct groups. Those that deal with international policies and those that deal with domestic policies. The religious group creates the domestic laws. And yes, the Wahabbi's like the status quo. There are also other sects and they do not like how they are treated. The Saudi's rule with an iron glove. And they are extremely intolerant of other groups/sects. 




 Saudi Arabia has a little under 29 million people and 100 executions this year so far. Iran has almost 80 million people and executed 329 so far this year. The numbers are fairly consistent across all countries that follow Sharia law. 




 Good thing they're our friends or this would be a problem. Can you imagine how fast we would overthrow Maduro if Venezuela was doing this? 




 teleportation 




 Well, in Melbourne, Australia 2 pieces of toast and a container of jam was 8AUD at the restaurants off the Yara River downtown.  And it was not artisanal bread nor topped with fancy ingredients.  
I love bread and carbs too much already, not to mention butter. 




 They're just too tannic for me. I find Yunnan teas very mild with a lot of complex flavors, almost like a good Oolong or single estate Darjeeling. At first I thought I liked all Chinese black teas. It wasn't until I started ordering online and wasted money on tea from other regions that I was able to target Yunnan specifically. 




 My guess is that you use a ground tea and you are seeing the smaller tea pieces which were able to get through your strainer. I have to use a screen strainer of I have a breakfast tea, Twinings Darjeeling, Prince of Wales or Orange Pekoe. My normal stainless strainer's holes are too big for a ground tea. You can also try rinsing your tea before you put it in your cup. It may wash some of the particles away. 




 All single estate Darjeelings I have found are green in color. They also have significantly different characteristics in flavor and brew method. Twining Darjeeling will make very dark and strong tea if it is over brewed, if I pour water directly over the leaves or if the water is at boiling temp. If I do the same thing with a Single Estate Darjeeling, I still get a decent cup of tea.  
I have tried both Lingia and Steinhal single estate Darjeelings and usually have the Lingia in my tea collection. They are both very good.  
I cannot get a 2nd steeping from good Darjeeling unless I add way too much leaf. But I use a 20 oz mug so I pretty much get all the life out of the tea using that much water.  
I'd try different techniques with different brands. If you like a real strong tea, single estate Darjeelings may not be what you like. You may like Assam's and Ceylon tea's more. Or even more dark and strong would be a breakfast tea. Irish breakfast by Twinings is very good but extremely strong. It is even tougher on my stomach than coffee. 




 fortnight?  Is that what I built as a kid with pillows and blankets?  ;-p  
I prefer to order when I am low. Personally I would not sign up for a regular delivery. 




 http://www.teagschwendner.com/US/en/Tea_Growing_Regions.TG  
I think you may find this link useful.  
It's just the basics though. I imagine you could find as much information about variance within the Darjeeling region itself. Or as the link from toe_nail shows, there is a lot of variance within China. I really only like Yunnan black teas. The other regions do not have the amazing subtle flavor of Yunnan black tea. 




 I steep every tea in its own way. Some need more tea, some more time, some more temp. It just depends on the tea.  I find Yunnan black teas very forgiving, which is one of the reasons I like them so much. If I over steep or use too much tea, it still comes out fine. If I do the same thing to a green or oolong, I have to throw it out and start over. Single estate Darjeelings are very forgiving also imo. 




 I really enjoy that book and find the 101 stories thought provoking and worth reading.  I used to get the Zen day calendar and not all the quotes were from Zen masters either. But they all have Zen relevance, like the Zen Flesh, Zen Bones does.  I highly recommend this book for anyone interested in Zen or Taoism. 




 But most Turkish toilets have a bowl of water next to the hole, not a nice bidet. That's why the left hand is considered dirty in areas that use them. The left is for wiping, the right is for eating. Offering something with your shit hand is an insult. 




 The idea of having to use Turkish toilets is extremely unsettling to me. I guess you are experiencing the opposite having to deal with flush toilets. 




 I train industrial software applications. One of the people on our team had a Biology degree. She had no training experience, no plant floor experience and had no experience in the industry.  
However, she was a great trainer. 




 It's why I don't drink puerh tea. I just can't get past the earthy flavor.  A tea shop in Taiwan tried to change my mind and I tried several of their puerh's, but I really did not like any of them. I stuck with my oolong and black teas. 




 http://taiwanleaftea.com/oolong-tea/  
I've been tempted several times to try their teas. They look excellent.  




 Bone in ribeyes are awesome. The extended bone on the tomahawk makes for nice show. It's like getting a prime rib roast and cutting it into steaks. 




 I disagree. I like my poultry cooked well past when it is done. With enough juice to draw on, the meat keeps getting more tender until it falls off the bone. When meat is falling off the bone in Poultry, it is way past well done, but sooo tender.  
And I guess I look at slow roasting like making meat in a sous vide. I've never used one, but I've heard and read amazing things about them. That's like the ultimate in slow cooking. 




 I'm not sure how some define the difference between religion and philosophies. Even after majoring in Philosophy for 3 years and graduating from a Jesuit University, I struggle with it. I guess to me, religion is a subset of philosophy.  
Religions bring God into the equation.  
Philosophies can explain the spiritual without bringing a God into the equation, like Taoism. And Buddha is not a God and never claimed to be one. He really wasn't even like Jesus. Life is about working your way though the wheel by following the path to Nirvana. There is no God figure associated with or in Nirvana. China used Confucius to achieve the same thing a religious figurehead does. It provided a structure to follow in life and the reasons for that structure. That structure was created to provide the rules a society needs to maintain stability and to maintain the existing social structures in place.  
It's sort of like asking if there was ever a civilization that did not have a government. 




 I don't know if they charge more, but they are labeled as each type. Our last butcher closed so now we go to a specialty market that has good meats and butcher to make specialty cuts. My favorite is the pin in porterhouse, which is the opposite end of the T-bone side. There are only a couple of those on each side though and there is barely a bone in the center so you get more meat for the price. 




 He's just doing what you would do to standing rib roasts which is also a tender piece of meat on its own, but even better when cooked low and slow. The flavor of slow cooked meats are incredible imo. I also love a steak cooked at 900-1000 degrees and do that a lot too. An individual prime rib steak is nice and very tasty. Take that same steak and leave it joined to the rest of the steaks and cook it, will make it taste even better imo. 




 Wrong. A prime rib is incredibly tender too but any good restaurant is cooking it low and slow. Low and slow is about rendering fat and connective tissue, not just to make a tough piece of meat tender. 




 I use a grill called a Green Egg, which is sort of like a ceramic kettle grill. It can cook at very high temps or maintain very low temps for extended periods of time. I cook 10-12lb briskets and pork shoulders regularly. I have a ceramic divider to provide indirect heating and I put a pan under the grill and over the divider with beer in it to add moisture to the heat and a bit of flavor. Cook until it's about 195 degrees or until the thermometer goes in the meat like it's butter. Sometimes that is 190 and sometimes it is 200, it just depends on the meat.
You can do the same thing in your oven. Place meat on a rack in a pan with a cover and cook at 220 for hours and hours. You can make a chuck steak taste great using this method.  Cheap meat isn't cheap because it is bad. It just takes longer to make a tough piece of meat worth eating. Slow cooking an English roast is heaven for your mouth and relatively cheap. 




 Locally, the difference between a T-bone and a porterhouse is having the filet side. T-bones have maybe 1 or 2 oz filets. Porterhouses have 4-6 oz filets. That looks like an awesome Porterhouse roast. I've never tried or seen one of those. The closest I have seen is a 6-10 lb strip steak and of course standing rib roasts. 




 Or even just some Jerry 




 I typically work 6am to 2pm. From 2 until 4 the PF is pretty open. I have to wait for a couple machines but I just hit something else while I wait. I'm bummed they're down to 3 bikes which is what I do to start and end. I end up having to do stretches and stuff for 15 minutes while I wait for them.  
And the only thing I do with free weights is an old exercise from when I was more gung ho about working out.  I use a curl bar but I extend the weight away from me instead of curling up and down. It's like a slow motion double punch with 30-60lbs. 




 Graduated from an Arts degree.??  
I train software for a large corporation. I was the only one on my team with a Computer Science degree. We had biology majors, music majors, math majors, project management majors and one person with a degree in education. I am also the only one with experience in the manufacturing plants where we train. The others had people skills, a good handle on public speaking and the ability to learn. Figure out what your skills are and where those are needed. Help desks are a good stepping stone to a better job, as long as you work in a field you have knowledge and skills in. 




 There was an article about Haas using Ferrari's wind tunnel too. Other teams were complaining that Haas's wind tunnel time is giving Ferrari additional time in the wind tunnel testing their designs. It seems to infer that Haas's baseline may be fairly close to the existing Ferrari design since Ferrari is able to use their data to improve their car. If they are starting from the existing Ferrari chassis, they may come out of the gate fairly strong. Honda is using this as a learning year and they did not expect to be competitive until mid season at the earliest. We won't know until we get into next year if Honda failed miserably this year. 




 It reminds me of the groups hanging around in the parking lot of the liquor stores in Detroit 




 I've been a member for a couple years and there is no place in our area that can touch their price. Everyone else is 3 to 4x as much with less equipment. But I have headphones on while I am there so I do not hear anything that is going on around me. IMO PF is mostly for people using weight machines and cardio stuff likes bikes, stairs, etc. People that like to lift free weights may not appreciate what they offer or feel as welcome there as they would in other places. 




 I agree. I grew up on Lipton and Red Rose tea and compared to coffee, it was like nectar.  
But I agree with your idea that people have different palates and look for different things.  
I guess sort of like spicy food. My wife doesn't like any hot spices in her food. Hot spices do light me up a bit, but I love the flavor you get from a good red curry and the spice is part of that flavor. People that can't get past the spice, will never appreciate the food. She can't get past the spice to appreciate the flavor. 




 Cooking over flame I'd agree because of the flame up, but in a pan that is flavoring to add during cooking.  
I have a Green Egg and cook my steaks at about 900 degrees and they really don't have flame problems so the extra fat doesn't bother me. It's about 3 min on one side and 2 min on the other side and rest for 5 minutes for a perfect medium rare steak. If it's a porter house, the area around the bone can still be a bit rare, but that's ok too. 




 That is perfect marbling imo. If your preferred steak is filets, this may not be appealing. But if your favorite steak is a rib eye, this is steak heaven. 




 I drink mostly black tea, but trying the spectrum of oolong tea is an incredible journey to start on 




 Some Yunnan gold tips are incredible. The scent is almost as good as the taste. It can have a natural honey flavor with amazing floral scents and flavors. It's so aromatic, it's tough to differentiate between smell and taste. TWG's Yunnan Gold Needle is a nice example of what I am describing. T2Tea's Grand Yunnan was similar but their most recent order was not as aromatic or floral. 




 The U looked like an Li to me and I was struggling to not respond with a sarcastic answer.  
I can get good green tea and Darjeeling's from local tea stores. I just need to go online for Chinese and Taiwanese teas. I haven't found a great site for oolong's yet, but I use Yunnan Sourcing for my Chinese teas now. Their tea can be so fresh that you need to give it time to mellow.  
edit: I've never ordered from or tried Upton teas 




 A zen perspective:  
You see this goblet?  
For me this glass is already broken. I enjoy it; I drink out of it. It holds my water admirably, sometimes even reflecting the sun in beautiful patterns. If I should tap it, it has a lovely ring to it.  
But when I put this glass on the shelf and the wind knocks it over or my elbow brushes it off the table and it falls to the ground and shatters, I say, Of course.  
When I understand that the glass is already broken, every moment with it is precious.  
Achaan Chaah
 




 We've had strays in our neighborhood for years. When the temps got below 0 this winter we brought the 2 females into the house. One bolted through an open door when it got warm, but the other one wants nothing to do with leaving. She's definitely not a pet yet, but she's litter trained and doesn't scratch up the furniture. She gets a little more friendly week to week. 




 Does being at 30k' altitude affect this number much? 




 LOS looks challenging in Montreal. In Detroit, I liked how you could move around the track and get different lines of sight.  
I actually thought the corner you're on, looked like one of the better sections. Being on the edge you lose the short straight, but you still have 2 nice corners and part of a straight. I'd exchange my comfy seat in front of the 55" tv for your seat. 




 Gaiwans do not use strainers or anything to restrict the opening of the leaves. With a strainer you would pull it out when the tea was ready. In a Gaiwan, you pour the tea off the leaves when it is ready. The leaves stay in the gaiwan for the next steeping.  
Asia is big on traditions and rituals. The rituals around tea can be very complex.  
Western style is about getting tea in a mug to drink. Asian style makes it a ceremony to share and enjoy, and is also a ritual going back centuries that brings out all the characteristics of the tea, as lordufreeman says as well. 




 I make a 20oz mug so there is not usually too much life left for a 2nd steep. I pour my water and then put my strainer into the hot water. If I make a 2nd cup, i pour the hot water right over the leaves and I can usually get a decent cup if I do that. But there is absolutely nothing left for a 3rd when I make it western style, which is 80+% of the time. In my gaiwan I may get as many as 10 steeps for an aged oolong. 




 I can vouch for their single estate Darjeelings. I wouldn't call them inexpensive though. As Prutzle says, almost anyplace will ship to Germany. I use Yunnan Sourcing for a lot of my teas and they have both a US and international site. Some of their teas are inexpensive and quite tasty. 




 Yep, the more you see through the facade, the more you dislike the actions and behavior of both. 




 They have to do something between their reality shows. It's like Jenner. I have zero interest in reading about him/her. The media loves a show though and both Jenner and Palin make great show. Palin is treated with kid gloves by the corporate media so it allows her schtick to continue.  
Something to remember though. People like Britney Spears end up selling millions of cd's and become top acts around the world when their talent is marginal. Palin is just the equivalent to some toy boy band with a top selling song. Her musically ignorant fans adore her for her incredible musical talent. 




 I could make upwards of 2 bucks a day. Or about what I made on my paper route. 




 When Bubble Yumm first came out, people would pay a quarter for a single piece. Free snack money. 




 It's a 10 




 A buddy turned me on to Tom Waits a few years back and he's now one of my favorite artists. His Beautiful Maladies album is pretty good. Nighthawks at the Diner may be his best known disc/album. He has a rough voice, but his lyrics and showmanship is outstanding. 




 http://imgur.com/gallery/GGPVR  
That is my luggage coming back from Taiwan. I always travel with tea and buy a lot when I am in tea producing countries. I've never had them take my tea. They took my honey in New Zealand, but there was no worry about my tea. 




 It's not OK.  
Can you share some examples of people hating you for being a straight white guy? The number of people hating on you for being a straight white guy is far less than the people hating on someone for being gay. I can't remember the last time I read about some straight white guy getting beat up or killed for being a straight white guy. And I am not sure if I have ever read about anyone not getting a house or a job for being a straight white guy. The percentage of people discriminating against straight white guys is very, very low. 




 Room temp is about 70, body temp is about 98. For the most part, the more dense something is, the more temp absorption you will get. Our local science museum had a similar experiment. They had carpet, wood, stone and metal plates. All were the same temp, but when you placed your hand on them, the denser items would feel colder because it was drawing more heat from your body. 
























 In 3rd grade we had someone come into class late and their excuse was they were trying to catch a peacock that got out.  No one believed him until they talked to the farm across the street and found out they had just gotten a few peacocks and one of them did escape and was caught by elementary school kids.  
A far fetched excuse that was true. 




 US was noticeably silent about all human rights abuses in Saudi Arabia. 




 I'm home now and just realized my son took my copy of Crime and Punishment with him when he moved out, so I can't check. Time to buy my 4th copy of it. 




 Maybe you should be teaching Christian religion at the universities since you seem to think you have cornered the market on proper interpretation of the bible and all disputes between religious leaders about interpretations can be answered by you. Even within the various Catholic groups there is significant differences in how they interpret the bible. Right now the Pope is getting a lot of flak for his interpretations of the bible and what it means to be a Catholic and Christian. Once again, they can just call you and solve the differences in their interpretation.  
As you may have guesses, I don't care much about your interpretation. And I offered my 2 cents because I had something to say, much like you posting. I think using religion as a smorgasbord is the ultimate act of hypocrisy. It either is or isn't the ultimate truth. It's not something to pick and choose what rules you like. If the Torah, Koran or OT/NT are the ultimate truth. If my religion uses the Koran as part of their holy book, it either is or isn't the ultimate truth. I can't say well this part of the Koran does not pertain to us, that just for people who are Muslims anymore than we can take the Torah and add it to the Bible and say, well this ultimate truth was only for the Jews. No, the whole Torah was written for the Jews. There was no such thing as Christianity when the Torah was written. If Christianity wanted to pick and choose which rules apply to non Jews and which to Jews, they should not have used the Jewish religious book as the basis for the religion.  
I find it difficult to believe that you think all Christian religions have the same interpretations of the Bible. It makes me wonder why you think there have been all the divisions in Christian religion. If they all see the biblical rules as ultimate truths, there is no picking and choosing what you like and dislike. But Luther had his own views and created a variation of Christianity. Why do you think Luther created his division if not for differences in interpretation? If only you had been alive then, you could have solved the dilemma he faced.  




 Not sure what religion you follow that only uses the NT. My daughter is Lutheran and they use the OT regularly. When we moved to Michigan, the Presbyterian priests regularly referenced the OT.  When I was in the Marines, we had to go to church during boot. Presbyterian was not an option so I went to Protestant masses. They also regularly referenced the OT. Other than a hotel, I've never seen a NT as a stand alone book. But you lost me on "The Bible is accurate in all it says." As accurate as Aesop's fables imo. The stories are useful and pertinent to day to day life, but accurate? Not to me. They are parables, like the Jews see the Torah. I accept science over religion and really struggle with the concept of God. IMO it is nothing other than what my forefathers thought of the Norse Gods. It's a way to explain what they didn't understand.  
But I am fine with your believing what you want as long as you do not try to legislate your religious views or nag others for not following your sky wizard's rules.  




 For the DV's I just say: It is useless to show the gold piece to a cat. 




 Confusion reigned and I got wet 




 I found the Penguin translation of Crime and Punishment the best. I had lent my copy out and never got it back. When I repurchased the book I did not get the Penguin translation and couldn't figure out why it sucked so bad. When I repurchased the Penguin translation it reminded my why I liked the book so much. 




 Fast tracking is for the TPP. Since almost all our political leaders are bought and paid for by special interest groups and industry who will benefit from TPP, I have no faith they will do what is right for the public. They will do what lines their pockets and gives them the best chance to become a well paid lobbyist when they quit politics. Preventing Fast Track, greatly decreases the chance the TPP will be approved. I have no interest in driving US labor rates to 3rd world standards. I feel our manufacturing base is what keeps our country strong and provides decent paying jobs to millions of people. Moving our manufacturing to the 3rd world is what is killing our middle class. Walmart and Target do not pay what GE, Whirlpool, GM, Boeing, etc pay. Service jobs do not provide a path to the middle class for 99% of their employees. Manufacturing jobs provide a path to the middle class for 99% of the workers. 




 Or I was raised Christian so I am far more aware of what the bible states than what the Koran states. But I feel the same way about all religions. The religious leaders of all religions have many interpretations of the rules and what they mean. I was raised Presbyterian and graduated from a Jesuit university. I respected the Jesuits because of the way they interpret the bible and their willingness to learn and reconsider their views. Compare them to the Benedictine's who follow a very literal translation of the bible. Growing up our church focused on the New Testament. It was not about hell and damnation it was about making the right choices in life to allow you to have a relationship with Jesus. IMO the OT is a horror story with slavery, stoning people, restrictions on all facets of life and on and on. When I moved from Minn to Mich the religious leaders of the local Presbyterian church were all about hell and damnation and read regularly from the OT. Within a year no one in our family went to church anymore. I did not go to feel bad and guilty about who I am. I went to have a connection to something bigger than myself. I could not follow the OT or take part in any rituals associated with it. It is a book of hate, not love. At least the Jews understand the stories in the Torah are stories and parables. It is a book used to guide people through those stories. While the stories may be interpreted differently by different leaders, the stories did not change. They did not have the equivalent of a King James version of their book with new interpretations. But right out of the gate Christians said the Torah is the start of our holy book as it is the ultimate truth, but this part and this part only pertain to the Jews. IMO it is not different than people now using the bible as their smorgasbord of ultimate truths to pick and choose from. Oh gay sex, that is an abomination. Divorce, meh. And then the whole story of Leviticus is one horror story after another. Stephen King has nothing on Leviticus when it comes to horror stories.  
And yes, for us to take the Jewish holy book, the Torah and integrate that into the OT but say oh this is only for the Jews and this is for the non Jews is a joke imo. Either it is the ultimate truth or it isn't. It makes as much sense as integrating the Hindu scriptures in the bible and saying oh well, but this is only for Indians. Either it is or isn't the ultimate truth.  
I see it the same as what is happening with Islam. Islam is a very peaceful and loving religion. Some leaders have distorted their scriptures into being something other than they are and made it seem like a religion of hate. You can take the stories in religious books and interpret them many ways. Do those interpretations help bring more people together or to divide. All religions have people who are using their religion to divide.  
Oh and sorry for not agreeing with your interpretation of the bible. If you have a copy of the interpretations according to Michael Forrester, please share it with us. Apparently it has the ultimate truths detailed with the reasons why we don't have to follow rule x, y and z as dictated by the Christian holy book just like the original prophets did as they went through the Torah and integrated it into the Christian bible. Oh this rule is for all, this rule is only for the Jews, this rule is only for priests, etc.  
The smorgasbord of ultimate truths. Pick and choose which ones you like and leave the rest behind.
 




 That is what is being written in the Financial Times, Forbes and the like. My comment was more general and in response to thinking it is a good thing. Only the propaganda makes it appear like a good thing. 




 They have their own courts which supersede a nations own courts and laws. If we pass a law that hurts a foreign companies ability to profit, they can sue the nation or state. That suit will not be heard in the US courts. They will be decided by the corporations who run the courts for the treaty.  We are giving up our sovereignty so multi nationals can get more profit for less risk.  
This is about the multi nationals being able to move more of our jobs overseas and bring the product in without additional taxes or fees. This is about the drug companies restricting access to generic drugs. This is about creating a global business environment with no consideration for the interests of a nation.  
Anyone who says this is about us being able to export more is lying and you just have to ask them what it is that we want to export and is restricted to the area we are trying to export to. 




 So the smorgasbord began when Christianity was started. The OT is the book of ultimate rules, except for these rules which don't pertain to us.  Sorry, religion cracks me up at this level. I accept the value of it to many people, but the manipulations of the fairy tale are humorous at the base level. 




 http://www.theguardian.com/music/2013/may/29/john-fogerty-creedence-clearwater-interview  
Interesting read for anyone interested 




 I had to drop XM because they were burning me out on bands I loved with their repetition. I haven't been able to listen to CCR since I dropped XM almost 3 years ago. I used to refer to them as Fogerty radio. When they started doing the same to Clapton I got rid of them. Even at 4 bucks a month it wasn't worth what they were doing to my favorite artists. 




 Yeah, I spent 8 summers dancing and singing at the church of Jerry. It just wasn't the same in Fall, spring or winter as someone who lives in the N. Central states. 




 I train sw around the world and I also like to travel and see museums, the local architecture and try local food. When I am traveling for work, I get to meet a lot of locals and get a much better idea of what the people are like and how they live. I rarely have time for normal tourist stuff. I may have 1 day on one side of the trip to explore a little.  
When I travel as a tourist I see a lot of museums and the local architecture, but I have no time or opportunity to really meet regular people.  
I find they both have their positives and negatives. My big problem with business travel is, if I did what I wanted as a tourist, it would cost me a lot of money over the year. As a tourist I budget for the things I want to do and I saved for the trip to do that.  For business, I can't afford to spend the money I would have spent if it was planned and I could afford it. 




 Subjective ultimate truth vs objective ultimate truth. Picking and choosing your religious tenets is a subjective ultimate truth. 




 The old testament is a horror story to me. I find it highly offensive. I also laugh at how the ultimate truth changes so much as time goes by and which ultimate truths are left behind. Even when the NT was being written, they were picking and choosing which rules from the OT would be upheld. Oh, those were only meant for the Jews, we don't have to follow that ultimate truth from the OT. But that other ultimate truth will send you to hell if you don't follow it. Even when I was majoring in religions it amazed me how people would pick and choose their ultimate truths and which ones had no meaning to them. It seems like the ultimate hypocrisy to me. 




 Leviticus 11:10 - And all that have not fins and scales in the seas, and in the rivers, of all that move in the waters, and of any living thing which [is] in the waters, they [shall be] an abomination unto you:  
Leviticus 11:9 - These shall ye eat of all that [are] in the waters: whatsoever hath fins and scales in the waters, in the seas, and in the rivers, them shall ye eat.
 




 Thanks for the clarification. I guess I had learned that it was only animals that eat meat that Muslims don't eat. 




 Thanks for the clarification. I guess I had learned that it was only animals that eat meat that Muslims don't eat. 




 No shrimp. That's a crustacean and against Christian and Jewish law. I think it's even against Islamic law. Instead of 20 virgins, you end up with 20 washed up prostitutes. 




 As a bird watcher, I have a 30x optical zoom so I can get pictures of birds from far away and still have them stand out in the cropped picture. It's amazing looking at the original and hardly seeing the bird and zooming in and having a very clear picture of the bird. +1 for Cannon's Japanese made lens instead of the crap being made in China. 




 I just gave all my old holey jeans to Purple Heart. I was imagining someone somewhere thinking they've found a gold mine.  




 Most people treat their religion like a smorgasbord and pick and choose what they want to follow. "I accept this is the ultimate truth, but I disagree with this rule so I am going to do it anyway." IMO It's either the ultimate truth or a fairy tale. If it's the ultimate truth, there is not picking and choosing what you like and dislike.  
A good example is some Christians views of gays, which has little in the Bible and divorce which is specifically outlawed.  




 Yes, Yunnan Sourcing has several black tea cakes. I'm like you and don't really like Puerh tea but I love black teas from Yunnan province. 




 When we visited our Grandma we had our choice of water, milk or tea, so that was when I was exposed to tea. In college I switched to Twinings bag tea and about 20 years ago switched to Twinings and Harney and Sons loose teas. When I was in Australia I tried T2Tea's Grand Yunnan and fell in love. 90% of the tea I drink now is black tea from Yunnan. I think they are as complex as a lot of oolong teas. I also use honey in my tea for health purposes and Yunnan teas really lend themselves to a little honey. I find oolongs are naturally sweet and floral and honey overpowers them a bit. 




 T2Tea is in Australia and their tea is really good. I used to have their Grand Yunnan shipped to me about every 4-6 months.  




 I agree. When I cook fish or something that leaves a strong smell or excessive grease, I use a little soap to clean my cast iron. If it is something like bacon, I just clean it with very hot water and wipe down with paper towels. Cast iron is great for everything except tomato based stuff. 




 That's why I wouldn't even keep them in the house. I kept enough to get through a bad day and the rest were with my wife in her office.  




 I had shoulder surgery and got 80 percs for the pain. I gave all but 4 to my wife to take to work. I wanted nothing to do with those being in the house. I took them for 4 days and then was too scared to keep taking them. She probably has about 60 of them still sitting in her office drawer 3+ months later.  
I've had both shoulders done now. The first time they gave me Vicodin which gives me anger-mares. I wake up spitting nails when I take those. So when I had the 2nd one I asked for Tylenol 3's instead of Vicodin but they gave me Perc's instead. Way stronger than Vicodin imo. Scary strong to me. 




 I'd get them a little selection of the classic teas like a nice TieGuanYin, a single estate Darjeeling like Lingia, a gunpowder green, maybe a matcha and a puehr and my favorite; Yunnan gold. 




 I had a buddy in HS with a van and he had a pair of Cerwin Vegas in the back. I had a pair of Visonik David's in my Horizon and those could also be hooked up to a car or home receiver.  
edit: We have a really good car stereo store near us; Car Tunes, and I would call someone like that. I'm no electrician, but I would think the only functional difference is the power source.  




 It teaches you how to talk to people so they are interested in what you are saying. I took the class when I joined a sales team a lifetime ago. I needed to learn how to speak more effectively and bend the conversation to the topics I needed to focus on. Being a good listener is the first step in becoming a good conversationalist. 




 Have you read How to Win Friends and Influence People by Carnegie? But dominating conversations is not a way to win friends. People like to talk about themselves, not listen to others talk about themselves. If you can find something interesting in another person, it will be far easier to talk to them. 




 I was going to recommend Clive Barker as well. He wrote some of the most bizarre books I've ever read. His stories are great and his writing is exceptional. The sexual content can get a bit graphic if that makes a difference.  
All of his books are really good including the one OG mentions. I also really like Weaveworld, Imajica and the Thief of Always. 




 I really like Steinhauer too. Have you tried Jo Nesbo?  I think Steinhauer has better stories but Nesbo writes better and his stories are really good as well.
 




 Jo Nesbo is my new favorite author. He writes the best police stories I've ever read.  
I also really like Olen Steinhauer. His stories take place in Eastern Europe and are sort of espionage/spy/police stories.  
If you like Ian Fleming's James Bond books, see if you can find Peter O'Donnell's Modesty Blaise books. They're fluff like the Bond books, but his stories, bad guys and plots are exceptional. It amazes me that they haven't been made into movies. They are far better than Fleming's books imo. 




 I can't watch chopped or other Food Network shows through dvd. Also getting the full set of Andy Griffith, Leave it to Beaver, MASH, etc would cost way, way more than a few bucks. I like old martial arts movies and those are not easy to find in the library and Redbox and the like doesn't have them. Netflix does.  Netflix would have to add really good stuff, like Kurosawa's entire collection, lots of old movies from the 30's to the 60's for me to watch a commercial to see them. Right now, Netflix is pretty lame with old black and whites and most of what I enjoy.  
I guess what I should have said is the shows I watch on netflix are either limited to one or two seasons or they are new shows that I think are crap. New shows are geared for kids and young adults and I am several decades past that.  
And with Encore I have like 10 commercial free channels. They play a lot of older movies I like and their western channel is fairly good. Netflix is a backup to that and allows my wife and I to watch some of the cooking shows we like when there is nothing else on the tube. I did like watching the Dragon Tattoo movies on Netflix. We tried to find them on DVD, but none of the local shops had a copy to rent. They only have the US version of the first movie. 
I get that people like all the Marvel movies, house of thrones (or whatever it's called) and stuff. If I was 20 I would probably be the same. My wife and I watched the first 2 seasons of Big Brother and Survival, so we are not above watching crap either. In our 50's, we've just moved past most of the crap we used to be amused by. 




 I said you can, not that I do. The only advertised shows I watch and don't DVR to avoid commercials are sporting events, which limits me to college football and F1 commercials. I typically run the F1 races 45 min after start and ff through commercials. I usually watch football with friends and we talk through commercials so it isn't a big deal then. But yes, I loath commercials. Our kids could only watch commercial TV if they muted commercials or watched Disney, which was commercial free when it first came to cable. My son became anti TV all together and my daughter works in advertising. My methods created both extremes.  
I also get up at 4:30 am so I do not have to deal with traffic on my way in or out of work. I do a lot of things to avoid things that frustrate me. Bumper to bumper traffic is one thing I hate and commercials are another. I am pretty anti commercial in everything. Adbusters is a great periodical and pretty much presents advertising in the way I see it as well. 




 I use the website to find movies. Searching in the TV screens is a PITA. Once I find something I like online, I save it for later and get it in my list then.  
 




 I have nothing against Netflix. What they offer for their price is very reasonable. Shoot, many newspaper sites want more than that to access their articles. I get my 7.99 worth each month even if I only watch 4 or 5 shows. 




 No, what you said is true. It's all fluff and is nothing but transmitted opiates to keep us amused. Unfortunately, I think most dramas are even worse. A lot of days I come home and turn on the stereo instead of the TV because it has become so lame. Trashy wife shows, lame competitions for dancing and singing, lots of the Jenner family whoring for the tv, stupid court shows and on and on.  
If not for college football and F1 racing I'd get rid of cable all together. 




 There is no shortage of crazy people with opinions. But I feel really sorry for this person. She needs to meet a better grade of males. Not all of us are assholes just like all women aren't. The assholes just stand out more and are easier to find. 




 I like to cook and it's about the only new shows on TV that are worth watching. I wish we still got BBC so I could watch Master Chef Professional too. It had some drama to keep my wife interested and showed some new techniques to keep me interested. On Food Network, I like seeing what people can come up with under the limitations they are given. 




 Not a Walmart shopper, their stores suck and the people who work there are clueless and unhelpful. Not to mention the family that owns them.  
But I get your gist. I do get movies from stores if they are under 10 bucks and I think I would watch it more than once. When I rent though, I have no idea if the movie is going to be worth watching for a buck, let alone worth buying a copy for 5 or 10 bucks.  
I'm getting to be an old fart so most new movies are not geared for me anyway.  The Return of the King was the last time I went to a movie theater and before that was the last Harry Potter with our kids. I think The 2nd Hobbit movie was the last movie we rented from a video rental place. (Actually RedBox).  
I also really like old B W movies so I watch a lot of Turner Classic Movies too. To me, it's like reading a classic book.  I have many Kurosawa movies on my DVR and he may be my favorite director. 




 Local library has DVD's. Sometimes 2 for a buck on old ones and usually a buck or two for newer ones. It gives them some money to keep getting new copies and get new movies.  




 Chopped, Cut throat kitchen, and other cooking shows. They usually only put up one season at a time or if we are lucky, 2 seasons. 




 Except I watch mostly Encore with no commercials. We watch a lot of Food Network but it is all DVR'd and we ff through commercials. I struggle watching sports now because of the number of commercials. 




 I'd drop it if I got ads. The movies are so old you can rent most of them from the local library for a buck or less. They don't show most new movies, even after they've been on DVD for a year. The tv shows are either very old or limited to one or two seasons at a time. I only really keep it as a backup to Encore on demand. 




 I thought it was that creature born in the back of the station wagon in MIB I 




 That's a joke. I'm very liberal in my views and 90% of my DV's are in /news.  




 DV's are fine. I am tired of people wanting the benefits of a group they have no biological association with. The Hi Ho is a Vonnegut hiccup when satire is used that I've stolen. Oh I feel like I am X so I should be treated like X. That's BS imo. 




 We have so many tasks that need to be done in communities that we can't afford. Picking up trash from the roads is an example. We don't pay people to do that in our area and it shows. And I think a lot of trade type jobs could be done within the prison. They need tractors and other vehicles to produce the food they eat. Prisoners should be learning how to maintain those vehicles. Same with building maintenance, learning electrical, plumbing, HVAC, etc. I think there are plenty of jobs within the prison and jobs not able to be afforded in communities, that prisoners could do.   
I believe one of the biggest things we can do to reduce our prison numbers is to quit jailing people for minor drug offenses and other minor crimes that could more effectively be taken care of through community service and 1/2 way houses. I believe we have far more prison beds than we need. Turning our prison system into a for profit enterprise is the wrong path to make prisons anything other than a place for punishment and training for the next generation of criminals. They need to be places where doing the right thing moves you toward release and making bad choices moves you down the chain to more challenging jobs.  
I majored in Sociology for a few years and did a research paper on this. I think the levels provides both an incentive to not cause trouble and a path to join society once they get out. 




 Create like 20 levels of prisons and 1/2 way homes/farms/businesses.  
When you go to jail you're crime sets which level you start in. You have to work through each level to get out. Screwing up puts you back a level. Each level has sub levels. For example, at level 20 you are working in swamps and the like and it sucks bad. At the bottom of that group, you are pulling stumps and roots. If you follow the rules, you can move to the chopping and moving section and get out of the water. Next is maybe the people cooking food for the group. Once you show you can obey the rules at level 20, you can move to 19. Maybe 19 is flattening gravel roads and digging ditches. Each level brings you closer and closer to what you need to do to live in a community and be a useful member of the community.  
From 20 to 11 it is a matter of degrees of how bad your job sucks and how tough it is. From 1-10 it is gradual freedoms and reduced restrictions to help someone learn how to live in society. From levels 1-10 they should actually be learning skills that can provide them a living once they get out. Learning a skill so you can work once you get out should be one of the primary goals of levels 1-3.  
It needs to move away from doing time and move toward learning how to live in a society and community and how to pull your own weight.  
I guess the challenge would be like repeated drunk drivers, parents who don't pay child support, minor drug offenses, etc.  Many of them know how to behave already, they just chose to ignore the rules. I guess using more community geared work for those offenders may have a better impact. If drunk driving is going take my weekends away for the summer so I can work on the crews cleaning roads, parks, etc, it may get more people to think. And the ones who chose to do it anyway, actually help the community they work in.  It may even be a method to spur the community to work together with the crews coming in and making it a larger community event and make those who are forced to work in them, feel like they are making a difference too. The big difference is volunteering for the weekends you want or being forced to work the weekends they want.  Not doing your job to a certain standard means the hours don't count or you only get partial credit.  
The big thing is showing that your decisions affect your life. If you follow the rules and make good choices, you have more options. 




 I can't decide if it is a Fujian or Yunnan tea though 
























 I love curry dishes in general and Indian has been my favorite food for a long time. Trying to make Indian by toasting all the spices, grinding them, etc may deliver the best taste, but trying to get the combinations right and the time it takes is challenging. My attempts at doing this have been mediocre at best.  
Yesterday I decided to try again and used this website as my guide: http://www.curryfrenzy.com/curry/html/curry-method.html  
I've always been a better cook at winging it with my non baking recipes. I've never made the same rub twice and other than the general recipe for the Test Kitchen spaghetti sauce, all of my Italian is off the cuff. Using that site as my general guideline made a huge difference.  
I seared the divided 1/2 chicken in ghee and removed the chicken from the pan.  
I had 1/4 of each a white and yellow onion in the fridge so I chopped those and cooked them in more ghee until they were getting brown.  
I added in 4 crushed garlic cloves and about 1T of ginger paste and let them cook for a couple minutes.  
I put in 12 oz of tomato sauce and used that to get all the browned goodness off the bottom of the pan.  
For spices I used about: 1/2T salt, 1t cumin, 1/2t Indian ground red chile, 1t garam masala, /1/2t turmeric, 3 small whole garlic cloves and about 1/3C of yogurt. (We make our own yogurt and it has a nice tang) It should have had fresh cilantro, but we didn't have any so we went without.  
I cooked it in the oven at 350F for an hour stirring a couple of times.  
I served it over brown jasmine rice. Both my wife and I were amazed by how good it was. Best of all, now that I understand the taste profile better, it will be easier to recreate. I think I'm going to try less tomato sauce and add coconut milk instead of yogurt next time and add some fresh veggies like green beans, red peppers, mushrooms, Thai chile, etc to give it a little more of a Thai profile (Removing garam masala from the recipe too.) 









 He may have never left. She may have just gone on the pc/tablet/phone to block him out. I agree though, very highly unlikely. I'm an old fart though and I've learned that what seems very probable may not be and what seems highly improbable may be. 




 Carlos Castaneda The Teachings of Don Juan. Each book becomes progressively harder to read imo but there is an exception or two. I think I also really liked Tales of Power and The Eagles Gift, but it's been a long time.  
It's about an anthropologist who meets a Yaqui shaman and lives with them and takes part in their rituals. The stories are about him trying to become a Shaman. It will change your view of the visible world and how we understand it. 




 Wealth and Democracy by Kevin Phillips is very interesting for following money trails 




 Irving has so many good books like that. I thought both World According to Garp and Hotel New Hampshire were good movies, but great books. 




 I struggled with Shogun and finally bypassed it to read the rest of the series. I finally got through Shogun once, but I've read the rest of his books several times. Clavell is one of my favorite authors. Shogun seems like more of a love story and less of a historical novel. The rest of them are more historical novels with the love story as a backdrop.  
So if anyone tries Shogun and struggles, don't give up on Clavell. He is definitely worth reading. His writing is tight and flows very well. His plots are compelling. His ability to put you in Asia in the time period, makes you feel like you have an idea of what life was like in China, Japan, Hong Kong, etc. And his characters and interaction between characters drive the books. 




 Player Piano - Kurt Vonnegut  
Almost all of Vonnegut's books are fun to read and try to interpret, but Player Piano really hits home for me and is still as relevant as it was 40+ years ago. A player piano reproduces what a very skilled person does. And replaces them with a machine. Vonnegut takes his usual wit and helps us laugh at the absurdity of it all.  
I work in IT and in my 25+ years, I've created my own Player Piano once by programming myself out of a job and am in the process of doing it a second time. I train corporate software used in industrial settings. I'm creating podcasts of all my lessons right now.  
But when it comes to Vonnegut, almost all of his books are highly addictive to me.Slapstick, Galapagos, Jailbird and many others are like a good movie. I break them out every couple of years and reread them. 




 99% Fake, but if it's real?  
My gf lived with a girl who had an abusive bf. He was nuts. I got between them twice. We threw him out the first time and called the cops the 2nd time. She got a restraining order and then bailed him out the next day and moved in with him. It was scary getting between them. He wasn't someone you could just get in a fight with. If you won, you'd be ambushed and if you lost he would sit and kick you while you were down. It'd be jail or hospital. 




 http://imgur.com/gallery/LQW67uT/new  
Zoom away 




 I don't think they are covered up for sunscreen. If you just walk along the roads for a period of time, you get the exhaust grime all over you. It smells and is a pain to get off without a shower. I think they are covering up to keep cleaner. They don't wear those as they are walking around. 









 IMO if there are 2 bathrooms, locker rooms, etc; 1 for each sex, then that is based on their anatomical sex not how someone perceives themselves. It's divided by physical package, not mental package. I think it's ridiculous to think someone who thinks they're a woman/man has a right to use the facilities designed for who they think they are, but physically aren't. 




 I disagree. As social animals we have to look beyond our own wants sometimes. We can't just do what we want. Teaching our kids to get along with others is important for them and greater society. If my child has made, or is willing to make, others aware of their standing, I'd get the school to accommodate it in the locker room of their natural standing, not their mental standing. That is asking for a disruption and problems. If they want to keep it to themselves, they can change in stalls like others have said they always did. What do you think is going to cause more disruption and make more parents uncomfortable, a boy dressing with girls/a girl dressing with boys or someone dressing with sexual parts that match others? 




 And as a group, we're a mob. 




 They may put him in the comfy chair to get him to confess.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnS49c9KZw8 




 I don't think satisfaction with life or finding life difficult to bear has anything to do with sexual orientation. But I agree with the first paragraph but not so much socially acceptable but more normal. Normal being things we see in nature outside of the human race.  
IMO the biggest challenge we all face as humans is coming to grips with who we are. As long as I believe I'm something other than what nature made me, life will be a challenge. I do not believe surgery makes us what we aren't. It's just a change in packaging. 




 My wife and I discussed the same thing. If I think I'm Napoleon, I get put in an asylum. If you think you're something you're not, it seems like a mental issue to me as well. But I am not a Dr. and hormones do weird stuff to us. How weird is way out of my scope.  
When I was majoring in Psychology one of the studies that I thought was most interesting was on monkeys and testosterone levels. They tested monkeys from different groups and found the most submissive monkeys had the lowest testosterone levels and the most dominant monkeys had the highest levels. They took the monkeys with the highest levels and put them in new groups. After a short time they retested the monkeys.  The monkeys that were dominant in one group with high testosterone were now in the lower range. The monkeys that became more dominant had levels that were now in the high range. Testosterone levels were strongly based on environmental factors.  
Edit: caps, changed a word for accuracy. 




 It looks like a couple of puehr balls 




 Wu Liang Mao Feng Yunnan black tea is my current favorite 




 Probably for the same reason then. Searing on the stove and then finishing in the oven. When it goes back on the stove, it's easy to forget. I try to keep a hot pot holder on top so I remember. 




 Similar screw up on my part too. I was making beef stew with beef shanks so I cooked the beef at 225 for about 2 hours in the oven. Mistake one was using the fry pan I would then be making the final dinner in, to slow cook the shanks. Mistake two was grabbing the pan by the handle to brace for stirring in the roux once I moved it to the stove top. It wasn't just a touch either. It was full on grab to move it. Arghh 




 I drained the bacon fat into an empty cat food container so I could throw it away. But then I was searing some meat and decided to add the bacon flavor from the oil in instead of just using new oil. As I was cleaning up I realized what I did when I picked up the 1/2 empty container of cat food/bacon grease to throw it out.  
I didn't tell my wife what I did until we had finished dinner. Dinner was purrfect. ;-p 




 Yunnan Black Gold from Yunnan Sourcing is inexpensive and excellent. Another strong Yunnan from them would be their Traditional Process Diang Hong black tea of Feng Qing. All of their black Yunnan's have a unique character though and you may find one you like even more. 




 Haven't you read about the meth problem in Appalachia? 




 I feel sorry for people who have never been in a relationship where the sex is so good it blinds you to everything else. I imagine a lot of us can remember at least one person we loved until the sex turned bad or became boring. Was it real love? I'm not sure what real love is. It's more subjective than objective and comes in many flavors. 




 I imagine she's hot and the sex is good so it's tough to see past your 3rd eye. She appears to like it with others too and sets stuff up while setting stuff up with you. If you're into group stuff, you may have found a mate. If you're into open relationships, you may have found a mate. If you both think you're hot and look good together, maybe you've found your mate.  
If you want to find your life companion, maybe have a family, then you should look elsewhere. She sees you as a rental, no harm in doing the same till you can find someone to keep. 




 When you go there, there is as much variety as there is almost anywhere.  




 The girl in the fern bikini is incredible 




 I liked lures too much. Using corn and bread makes me feel like I am fishing for pan fish like sunnies and blue gill. Since I wouldn't eat anything out of the lake, I was just sport fishing and doing catch and release. I've caught too many fish out there with sores and lesions to eat them. For eating fish we'd go up to Canada and fly into a lake. I think we almost brought more fish back than it cost us for the trip. 




 I had a 22' Sting Ray and putting it in for the first time and choosing Anchor Bay was a bad idea. I almost swore off St. Clair after our first excursion. I used Metro Beach for the next 2 years and liked that a lot more. It's an excellent Bass and Muskie lake but the weeds can be a challenge for sure. 




 Sort of an odd philosophical question; how many wasps can breed on the head of a screw. 




 In Lake St. Clair some of the best fishing is in the channels connecting to the St. Clair river. It's tough to fish from shore in those channels and the best bass and muskie fishing is in the weeds you cannot get to from shore casting. 




 I thought most carp was taken by snagging in the US. It's not really a sport fish here. 




 I wonder how many times it blew away before they finally found the right weight with the 4th layer. ;-p 




 I should say I am not an expert. Just a very particular meat eater who has found the right combination of marbling for my taste.  




 My pleasure. Here's an example with strip steaks:  
http://www.ngngsports.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/NY-Strip-Steaks.jpg Decent strip steaks  
http://neesvigs.co/wp-content/uploads/173300VC.jpg Really nice strip steak. It's bone in, but the same cut. 




 You're correct. I should have also mentioned looking out for the silver skin you find in some cuts. Even decent ones.  
How is silver skin different than collagen? It seems to serve similar anatomical purpose?

 




 You know how some fat breaks up into little chunks once they are separated from the meat? That's marbling and adds flavor and tenderness. Then you have the lines that divide meat and looks like gristle. That is not tender, doesn't add flavor like marbling and does not break down as easily from cooking. And last is the fat in like Chuck roasts, briskets, etc that will break down when cooked real slow at a low temp. High temp cooking tightens that and makes it tough.  
At the basic level, fat is white, gristle and unwanted fat is typically more opaque. It also looks like you could poke your finger in fat. There is no way you poke your finger through gristle.  
I look for steaks with nice marbling and little or no gristle separations which you can even find on Delmonico's or other nice steak cuts. 




 delectable - Black Yunnans 




 I thought it was someone who liked 1/2 goat and 1/2 man gods.  
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pan_(god) 




 Hopefully he will be able to make his Modesty Blaise movie(s) before he quits. Peter O'Donnell's Modesty Blaise books are screaming to be turned into movies. They would blow the Bond movies out of the water and have as much of a cult following for generations as the Bond movies have. 




 Have you read Kafka's Metamorphosis? It's short and so weird you just have to keep going. The Castle is also really interesting by him.  
If you can find Peter O'Donnell's Modesty Blaise books, you will not be disappointed. The characters and plots are extremely good. He develops the best bad guys I have ever seen by an author. Think of Ian Fleming with better characters, plots and writing. That's O'Donnell. 




 Kimi has the best sound bites by far 




 I like getting tea from people who live or travel to the area and develop a relationship with growers. If you were able to get good partners in areas where the big tea markets are in China, India, Taiwan, etc it may accomplish the same thing.  
IMO buying an unknown in bulk is risky. When trying new companies, I've given more of their product away after trying it, than I've kept. I'm currently only getting tea from 4 sites. 1 of them is sort of iffy still and another is extremely expensive.  
Edit: I also think it's sort of a Catch 22 if you just try to buy in bulk based on information you get online or over the phone. The teas you know are good and people would readily buy in bulk, like Lingia or Steinthal estate Darjeeling have too much competition. Finding the little tea farm gems have too much competition on the ground. The owner of the tea shop I went to in Taipei went to tea markets and competitions and talked to growers to find the product he wanted. How do you compete with someone like that who is selling online too? There is no middle man between them and the grower. Every step in the chain of sales adds cost and reduces your profit.  




 The Big Green Egg is a ceramic grill with nice temp controls through the two vents. For the most part, once I have it running smooth at 225, it will stay at that temp until I start running low on fuel.  Typically it will be down to about 195 or 200 in the morning so I check the meat temp and then add enough wood to get me through the remaining time and get it back to 225.  
I'm actually more worried about someone stealing the meat in the middle of the night because you can smell the smoke a block or more away. 




 As someone who worked in pizza places, you don't even want to know what happens behind the scenes. It's far worse than anything I ever saw in normal sit down restaurants. 




 I like the look of confusion on people's faces in my classes when I say it's a PEBCAC issue. Then I get the smirk when I tell them; problem exists between computer and chair. 




 Brisket on the Big Green Egg. It goes on Friday night and comes off sometime on Saturday. Sliced brisket on Saturday, Recook the top of the brisket on Sunday and BBQ those fatty little goodies, carnitas on Monday, BBQ beef sandwiches until it's gone. 




 Think of it as a pork chop cut along the bone. 




 IMO temp is secondary. My pork shoulders and briskets are done when the thermometer goes into the meat like it is butter. That may happen as low as 185 or as high as 205. I agree that cooking to time is not effective. Each piece of meat that size, cooks at its own rate. 




 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Restructured_steak  
I've been served these at a restaurant. Binding different cuts together and calling it steak. I guess it is one step up from having meat like I see in some countries. I never order something called meat from a menu. I can only imagine what generic meat means. 




 Winter People  
They leave the ending for you to figure out.  
No, you wrote the story, you write the ending. Arghh 




 Hopefully the people will yell louder about having their tax dollars pay off the banks who made bad investments. If Chase makes bad investments in their drive for profit, I am not in any way liable for those debts. Unfortunately in our day, the govs pay off those bad investments and give them no reason to not behave the same way in the future. We paid off their bad risks and the same happened throughout the western nations. 




 http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81LJ5rvxdzS._SX425_.jpg  
I use this at home and at work. I have a screen and plastic net strainer too, but imo the WMF one is the best. It is easy to clean, it seldom lets tea debris out and it is a nice size. 




 I read that if a container gets real hot in the microwave it is either not intended for microwaves or it has lead in it. 




 France and Germany wanted to sell lots of military hardware to Greece and a previous administration was happy to take their loans to expand their military. When the German and French banks failed because they made bad investments (like lending money to Greece to build up a huge military), the govs paid off the banks and took on the debt. In the past, the bank would have to cover their bad investments. With banks controlling most politicians, that was no longer an option. Our tax dollars paid off their bad investments and allowed them to continue playing the same game. Privatize profits and have govs and tax payers pick up their losses. What a game, what a scam. 




 Formula 1 and college football is the only reason we still have cable. We have WOW though and they are a lot better than the big players. We also have Encore so I can watch commercial free movies, but that isn't enough to make me keep cable. 




 Dansko's. I train sw and I can be on my feet for 8-12 hrs straight. Their shoes made a huge difference in how my feet feel at the end of the night. They sold me on them by telling me they are one of the most popular shoes for people who work in the emergency room and are on their feet all day too. 




 Almost everything by the Grateful Dead, Dave Mason and Neil Young have better live versions than the studio versions. 




  Hell Freezes Over

The Eagles took off when they got Joe Walsh. I always felt he was so underrated. 




 You constantly read about our perceived enemies and their human rights abuses and all the crap being spewed from our politicians mouths about Venezuela, Iran, etc. Rarely if ever do we hear the politicians complaining about human rights by the dictators around the world who we support.  
This article is in a Venezuela paper. Can you show a paper from Riyadh mentioning the human rights abuses the Saudis are doing? Have we ever used their human rights abuses as an excuse to overthrow their gov like we do with Venezuela?  
I guess what would have been more accurate to say is how well publicized the abuses in nations we dislike, is the opposite of how well publicized they are in our friends nations. I do occasionally find articles about human rights abuses in our friends nations, but far more often about the human rights violations in nations we want to see a change in leadership from. It is a tool they use when convenient, that is ignored when it's not convenient. Compare the rhetoric about Venezuela from our politicians and compare that to the rhetoric about Saudi human rights. The one is a whisper, the other is screamed from the roof tops with a loudspeaker.   
 
























