 I con't belieb dat. 




 I con't belieb dat. 




 I think I'm finally going to get around to animating The Victor Podcast. 




 I'd always known it as fast five, fast and furious six and furious 7.  




 Another other podcast appearance was an episode of Harmentown he appeared on. Another example of him showing up, being hilarious and just getting on with everybody.  




 You make a 3D model of the whole set though couldn't you? It would take a lot of work but you could. 




 Wait so they used the same title sequence for 6 and 7? Why??? I liked the fact each was different. 




 Haha, oh no. I wonder how I got so many Swedish subscribers in the first place. Now I've lost them all.  




 [Sorry,] (http://www.boards.ie/vbulletin/showthread.php?p=77421375) it doesn't seem to be available here. I may buy some Swedish food next time I'm in IKEA though and try it in a video.  




 Two people at most normally. 




 What? I'm not even going to try understand this. 




 Thanks! How bad was my speaking at the end? 









 Thank you. I still haven't listened to all of Hollywood Handbook. I'm still in 2013 on my backlog so I'm only listening to The Reality Show Show from them right now. 




 What is this reference, I've seen it all over the sub? 




 Yeah, you can show a naked doodle of a skeleton woman but not a normal woman. 




 It was the Zooks! 




 Crack. 




 Or his own p-cast/podcasting. 




 I guess PFT just dropped in for a few minutes.  




 hope? 




 I normally use this in the summer when people are on but I have two weeks off school now and no one goes on this during the year so I have nowhere to go. 




 It sounds like that actually... went.. pretty well. Don't question it when things go well. 




 [Staring into your soul.](http://imgur.com/ZKPUihN) 




 Congratulations! Do you have a link to the film? I'd love to check it out. I was just in a film festival the other week. It was amazing. 




 Here, we can always use calculators. Is there certain questions where you have to show you didn't use one? 




 This is so cool. Not long left to vote too. It was really interesting learning about all of the different stuff. I think I may have voted for too many things to even make a difference! 




 Thanks I hope so. I have exactly a year today to get my film portfolio for college ready! 




 I really hate season 3 Abed, he's extremely frustrating. He seems more disconnected from reality than at the start.  




 I didn't win anything for it so my family seem to assume I'm upset but it was so great to see it in the cinema I don't really care. I just really wanted to share how happy I am with you guys. Have ye accomplished anything that you thought would be a life long goal?

[This] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7GakCW6MWY)  is the film if any of you are interested in watching by the way. It's not very long or very good but I enjoyed making it a lot.
(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7GakCW6MWY) 




 Yeah but that was the last creepy non-human thing he did right? 




 It seems pretty obvious that Abed has actually changed a lot since the start of the series, something that wasn't that obvious in series 3. Now he smiles and laughs a lot more and seems to have developed a very serious relationship with Annie. With Troy it never felt like he was really friends with him and understood what that meant but now Abed has grown a lot.

I can't wait to see how much he changes in the future season/seasons.  




 Maybe the movie will be about the group travelling back in time and placing the Greendale flag in a bunch of places. 




 First time I heard a character in CBB, I had no idea it was character for so long and I was freaked out I hadn't heard of this city if big people. Listening to it now I feel so stupid. 




 Question. I wear headphones a lot but listen at an extremely low level. Does this make the chances of this happening much lower or is it about the constant noise more than the volume? 




 Thank you so much! 




 I've heard mention of a podcast or commentary type thing for the show. I've done some googling but I can't find it. Can anyone explain what it is? 




 I did the title different for each one so at least one would be right. 









 In the bar they meet an Americian man. He's pleased to meet them and introduces them to a Spanish man and a German man. There is a Mexician man nearby but he's too nervous to introduce himself. 

The six men decide to get a drink from the bartender who is a French man. Once seated together they begin to tell stories of their home countries, explain their cultures and their ways. The German man decided to head into the bathroom because he's quite thirsty. This subject confuses the Irishman, the Englishman and the Scottishman for they have never gone to the bathroom when thirsty before. The Americian man, the Spanish man and the German man laugh for this practise is very common in this bar.

All six head into the bathroom, inside there is an Africian man. The Americian man, the Spanish man and the German man begin to suck the blood out of the Africian man. The Africian man screams. Eventually all of the men join in. 

After a few minutes the shy Mexician man wanders in and says "Is there any room for a little Mexician to suck some of this Africian mans blood."

The American man says "Sure what shall we build around this man."
And then the English man says "Fencing." 




 Hasn't it been used way more recently than that? I remember Dan did it like twice in a recent show. 




 Yes, that's it! His craziness is so much better when he's not all in your face about it. 




 Chang was so good throughout both episodes. I really liked him during season 5 too right up until near the end. Chang as a villain is so much worse. 




 Jonathan Banks didn't make it in last year. I think they like to wait a year before putting them in. 




 As anyone from outside the U.S. gotten one? 


































 It's already out here!I loved it! 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEtsMqBfSyg 




 I got very excited with the guest in the season 3 finale.  









 Why are people commenting they haven't seen it yet?


I went to the midnight release last night where it followed the first Avengers and Winter Solider. Watching it in this order definitley improved the experience and there are some little things I definitley wouldn't have noticed if I hadn't seen Winter Solider directly beforehand.

It seemed everyone's problem with the movie would be too many characters but that wasn't a problem for me. My only gripe with the storylines were one pointless tangent that sort of comes back. The movie is structured very similarly to the first Avengers except for the beginning. The movie also had an extremely unexpected ending for me.


It was also very very funny. 




 I'm glad we.. uh.. managed to get it up here. 




 Lot's of Huell Howser videos on youtube for you. 
[This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImpGsMenmSs) one is probably the best and there is a reference to it in Huell Howser's last episode. 




 That cat video is obviously just a sketch ucb comedy made. You can see their watermark underneath the everything is terrible one.  




 Oh wow I just realised how similar the plot seems to be to Dan's pitch. I hope this one has Superman going on holidays to a beach. 




 I feel like press conferences are the new dances at Greendale. We've had three this season so far. 




 Tanks but no thanks. 




 No this is definitely it. They must have forgotten the whole Changnesia thing. 




 Read the question again there mate. 




 The phase never truly leaves you. 




 But our head mod lives in England, doesn't he? 




 Really, let me try mine *********
 




 We play Countdown here in the UK. No Rachel Ryan though :( 









 At least it's not here where there is only rain 24/7. 




 I need to start playing The Sims. 




 Time Bobby
Farts and Procreation 




 It keeps getting posted every 2/3 days. 




 I've never had an ad that was more than 30 seconds long and unskipable. 




 Yep first season is well. One of the first movie homages in the series. Marge has the choice between bowling and Homer.  









 I used to love Scotts fake games so much. David Cross doing Hollywood Facts is one of my favourite moments.

"Have you seriously not realised this is a bit, David?" 









 At what point did you find out the show was going to be a Netflix Original? Did this change your role on the show much? 














 I stopped watching season 1 but I forget where I was. Can I just jump into whatever episode appears interesting to me or is there a strict continuity in later episodes. I remember the first few episodes being quite form free. 




 It's all about whether you click on it or not. 




 I'm going to say it was this, especially considering she played Paul's wife on it. 




 I mean those early youtube videos you used to watch again and again. 




 It's 5 seconds and then you get to skip it. Who gives a shit what the ads are for if it means money for the creator. Uninstall Adblock. 




 I'm glad to see these changes
 














 Suh-real humour. 









 I con't belieb dat. 




 I con't belieb dat. 




 I con't belieb dat. 




 I con't belieb dat. 




 I con't belieb dat. 




 I con't belieb dat. 




 I con't belieb dat. 
























 One day man. One day... 









 Did you get the owners permission? 




 May I ask how you went about getting the location?  




 The Waitress!!! 




 Would you mind explaining how the dog fight went above other comedies. I feel like I've seen that exact same scene before. 




 Yes! That was terrific too. I think the main reason there has been very little Rizzo is that the puppeteer for him now does Kermit and other Jim Henson characters. 




 I remember that! I got through the first minute of his "web series" 




 Hey Moone Boy is about as Irish as Game Of Thrones in that it films here. You can put Father Ted in that same category except I don't think that was filmed here at all. 




 They're cool, but in regards to your kickstarted maybe you should look into a Patreon. I wouldn't be able to pay either way but that seems more appropriate for you. 




 And Rizzo! Rizzo has only had one line in the past 10 years! 




 The muppets did that before Abed! But I'd say it was just a one off joke in this. 




 There was a pigs in space movie? 




 Some multicams cost more purely because they're often more popular and so the cast get paid much more. 




 What was it? 




 I'm not too sure. It must have been after he stopped doing the "thanks for playing the theme song reggie" since that's how he used to start the show. 









 That's what people said when Scott retired "What's Up Hot Dog."  




 It's been a big staple of the show for a few years now and he finally chose one. It's a pretty big step in terms of canon of the show. 




 Is it uploaded anywhere? 




 [There are also these two without a match.](http://imgur.com/TL8Pfa9) I normally just randomly choose two out of these five and hope no one sees me with my feet close together. 









 The main difference seems to be that this one keeps forcing the message after the sex starts. 




 Nah Candance has anyone but she never catches Phineas And Ferb. 









 It's lower than the picture on the website? 




 Well Grown Ups 2 isn't even close. That fight scene at the end drags on for quite a while. 




 What's the deal with carnivores? 




 Dan plays Minecraft a lot. 




 Thanks, man.  




 I didn't know Jon was on so many MTV2 shows. Are they any good? I assume not from the way he used to plug them on Improv4Humans. 




 Does anyone want to make a list of everyone's catchphrases? 




 So I was inspired by your comment to finally press the button and get my favourite number 27. 




 Oooh people from "No You Shut Up!." I want more puppeteers at earwolf so eventually we'll get a puppet episode of CBBTV. 




 I believe I started regularly listening around the 3rd anniversary so this means from now on I have officially regularly listened for more than half of the show. 









 Bane? I may be filming a video where I do famous movie impressions for the year anniversary of this one. 




 Eh..thanks. It does drag on way too long.  




 I am not like that at all. I regularly doodle on books that I'm in the middle of reading. I think the fact I do that is the same reason the line going down in the middle of the triangle being lobsided doesn't bother me.  




 Eh..Avengers Spoilers bro. 









 This is a much better version of a [video](http://youtu.be/wJr0u7GaDRw)  I did a while ago.  




 I.T Crowd is not a cult show. It's very popular here. 




 Could you give rundown on what was and wasn't filmed live right in front of the audience in that episode. As far as I remember everything looked like a proper set except for the basement scenes. 




 Pretty sure that's at the start of the prisoner-monitor episode. 




 It looks like we need Superman IV The Quest For Peace. 




 India, I guess, still do 4:3. 
























 I love how Ben dropped his character but kept the voice when he told that story.  




 The subreddit was full of hatred for the show but also for others. Everyone kept giving out about people who were being positive about the show, but they didn't really exist. The subreddit spent most of it's time just discussing itself (much like this weeks Community) but in a bad way.  




 You catch more of the jokes but the feeling of "jumping out of your seat and clapping your hands while you giggle" only happens during the first watch for me.  




 Our lowest time was before you joined. This Subreddit during season 4 was a genuinely vile place. 




 That's my first thought when I see this as well. They all look well into their 20's.  




 You should. There are a bunch of these on YouTube but this is the earliest I could find.  




 It could very well be. But since the CBB episode was recorded a few weeks back it seems like too much of a coincidence they released this video today.  




 You should at least skim it. The moment when it's just his legs is hilarious.  









 1. Happy late-Birthday.
2. Try doing driving related things and see if it hurts.
3. If it does, you should probably cancel. The driving instructor won't mind. The decision will mostly only affect you so do what is best for you.
4. If it doesn't hurt GO PASS THAT TEST EYELIKEPIE2!! 




 We need to get a post high on /r/teenagers. It should be easier since Sunny is a mod there ... but I don't know if he still comes here. 




 I knew that though. 









 I was going to post this to /r/woahdude but I figured it might be too much noise and stuff. 




 That would be a very tough one to do. Not really any long shots to use, he'd have to just be in the background.  




 I'd buy an album of just remixes of the video. 




 Thanks. Someone with a stronger computer could do a version of this with all 30 Shia's at once though. That would be amazing. 




 That should be the name. If someone does a better version of this they should name it that. 




 I tried to match the pauses together at certain spots but I think that's the only noticeable one.  




 Wait Paul F. Tompkins isn't playing ball droid? 









 At least she hasn't given 36 blowjobs. 




 That video was hilarious. I can't wait to hear the scene they do of it and the return of Eric! 




  Wasn't series 2 delayed because of the episode with all the shooting in an Americian high school? 




 Have you seen Danger 5? It's very similar to Kung Fury. 




 That's my second favourite one. The one where he keeps saying SnapLegs is my personal favourite. 




 A network is basically the company inbetween you and youtube. They call themselves networks but I don't know if they fit the definition of one. 









 Nope most Youtubers join a network when they're big enough. Especially gaming youtubers, since the network can protect them from video game company's. 




 Whoever told you a million views is a grand was way off. 









 Does this mean Nathan For You isn't back this Summer? 














 As somebody who doesn't anything about WOW or MMO culture I am very familiar with Leeroty Jenkins. It's not a very unknown thing. 




 The teenager character is so good because he's playing a character of himself playing a character.  




 He also has a very important cameo at the end of "Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie." 




 No I'm sure that's it. The flower scene in the trailer rings familiar. It's just that the memory has been in head for so long it's changed a lot over the years. 

That's not an actual link to the film by the way. As far as I can tell it's not streaming anywhere online.  




 Yep, you're just a "grower not a shower" as they say.  




 You used the same link for Yo La Tengo and Once In A While. 




 I guess this must be it. I think I morphed the movie so much in my head though that watching the trailer isn't making me feel like I found it.

 




 Nope it wasn't animated. Live action. 




 Here is the very random plot points I remember.
-The main characters sister was part of the club
-The main character's crush may have been a princess but to prove it they had to prove a series of conditions one of which was that she was allergic to flowers. There was a dinner scene where the main character distracted the girl while the rest of the group tried to figure out if the girl was allergic.
-I believe in the end it turned out the sister was the princess. 
-At one point the clubhouse was split directly in two.

If anyone could help I would greatly appreciate it. I've been trying to find the name of this movie for the past 10 years.

I should also mention I watched it on the UK Nickleodeon and while I'm sure it wasn't british it could have been made anywhere else.  




 I'll play it. 




 It was doing alright upvotes wise and then it all went downhill. My 15 seconds are over goodnight guitarknowitall 




 But carpe diem. 




 This happens to me twice or three times a day. 





























 I can think of two that looked animatronic and definitely would be easy to do with them. But yeah no massive animatronics for the big dinosaur like JP1. 




 Don't think you're a cheapass just because you don't pay for video. 




 Yes! I was dreading that this would turn out like Utopia. I'm not surprised with how much marketing they've done for this though.  




 This is by far my favourite Paul Scheer character. I was really hoping we would return for Pitch Perfect 2 but sadly no. 




 Nah they talk about their mother. Also the head girl and Lauren Lapkus talk about orders. 




 This is the tinchat: http://tinychat.com/khsunny786 and there is a subreddit at /r/teenagerstinychat

EDIT: A lot of people are coming and leaving when they see there is not many people on. If you come on you could just leave it on in the background until some people join :)  




 the lack of ams and pms in this made me confused. 




 Yeah but in 2D animation aren't all the mouth shapes sort of ready to go for each character and they just choose whatever one fits for each frame. 




 What was the spike in 2008 for the Big Bang?

EDIT: Also it's cool the way you can see each season on the Big Bang Theory search. It seems to be decreasing in popularity. 




 Oh wow I've never heard of them doing that before. Is it difficult? I figured it would be pretty easy nowadays to sync mouths up with different dubs.  














 In case anyone doesn't know Jake and Amir have a podcast that Benny Schwazzz and Middleditch are sometimes on.

Also does anyone know which Jake and Amir sketch it is where they keep holding up DVDs? I think Schwartz was in it. 




 Was that Ellie Kemper in the check one? 




 I can't believe this is a problem he has. It's like complaining about the old animation in the G.I Joe episode. But it's even worse considering the puppet tv shows still mostly have rods. The only thing were they are edited out is probably the latest Muppet movies. 




 Yay. Most of the time when I put out a video I lose a subscriber or two so I'm glad this one got me some. 




 Thanks! 




 Thank you. I though the editing was a bit choppy but it's gotten a very nice response. 




 Thanks, I made it myself. 









 Here in Ireland It's Always Sunny has been gaining popularity since it's been added to Netflix. 









 Yep, if we got the subreddit to the front of /r/teenagers once I'd say it will have people on everynight until the end of summer.  




 I always thought it was weird how all the sneezing in the whole series took place in one episode. 




 /r/teenagerstinychat 




 I have actually heard every episode of Harmontown except for that one. I believe I feel asleep at the start and it seemed Dan wasn't in the best mood. I'll have to go listen to it now I know Adomian came on, thanks very much. 




 What is this from? I don't remember it in the Comedy Bang Bang episode. 




 The BOYS have just FIRED RON and the CATSKILLS ARE GOING HAYWIRE. 




 That's funny because here in Ireland we would associate guns with Texans more than Mexicans.  




 Is the original that he says "we have lots of Mexicans" or "lots of guns" because the second one works better from an irish standpoint. 









 I suppose the idea is that he's a comedian and so it has an entertainment value to watch him. It's similar to how most people would be willing to watch a comedian do stand-up but not a normal person. 

I'll admit it's not for anyone. 









 The energy was just about to die and then Benny Schwaz showed up. 




 I use Downcast but it's been very slow for me lately so I have a question about other podcast apps. When I'm catching up on podcasts I normally listen to 3/4 series at once and I listen to them in the order they were released in. So for example in my current relisten I'm on May 2013. So in downcast I click on Downloaded and all my podcast episodes (doesn't matter the series) are sorted by date. That means I listen to the one at the top.

In past experience podcast episodes were always sorted by the actual podcasts. Has this changed in most other apps? 




 You get used to it very quickly. Eventually it gets to a point where if you changed to normal speed it all seems in slow motion. 

I should add I listen in 1.5 most of the time.  









 Haha you've not watched "It's Always Sunny" have you? It's pretty dark. 




 Yeah but it wasn't called that then. 









 That's what I was thinking. I remember the first time seeing the movie very clearly and being amazed at that first dinosaur scene. 




 That's because it was Dan Harmon's voice. 




 I am one of the people who had one of these videos that got sort of popular. I was thinking about doing a post about the information I can get about people who watch these videos on my youtube analytics page. Would anyone be interested? 




 Wasn't it timely at the time of it originally airing?
Edit: Yeah Episode III hadn't come out yet at the original airing of that episode. 




 I want someone to do a version of the movie like that. I'm sure with the original footage you'd be close. 




 I'd like a remaster with no dinosaurs.  
























 Most definitely. They must have forgot they were supposed to be there when shooting and added them in for continuity sake. Although personally I think it would have been less jarring to just leave them out. 




 The reason they changed it originally was that they weren't allowed to show boobs. (Yes even cartoon boobs.) Funnily enough though they kept the boobs and just took away the woman. Censorship is weird.

And then the Halloween one is a female skeleton with boobs. Which was allowed.


So basically on television you are allowed dead skeleton boobs or floating boobs. 




 Curb Your Enthusiasm has a lot including Paul F. Tompkins and Scotty Aucks himself. 




 Especially since he went to see it. 




 And of course Hollywood Facts. My favourite of Scott's fake quizzes was when David Cross didn't realise that Hollywood Facts was a bit and he started arguing his answer was right. I think that was one of the last ones. 


And of course: Alive Or Dead- Dick Wolf?
Answer: Dead. His dick was eaten by a wolf. 









 And in at least one you die in the next 5 minutes. Who knows which one it will be.  




 Yeah, "trigger" trigger people who are sensitive to gun talk. 




 Below the what???? 




 I have to say the idea of Dan doing Minecraft videos is a very strange but also comforting feeling. Especially considering he seems to want to do Tutorials rather than Let's Plays. The fact that somebody who has a career in television still wants to take up a hobby in Internet entertainment tells a lot about the feeling doing that stuff does to people.  




 Nope. There are not yet any plans for the future. 




 She was an extra for that season though, right? 




 This is what I'm going to go with. She panicked and needed somewhere to hide the card so stuck it into a part of the van. 




 But just put the plastic over the top of the bottle. 




 I'd watch a Weekend At Bernies type idea with the president. The president dies and the others politicians have to convince terrorists he's alive. 









 I quite like If I Were You with Jake and Amir. Featuring earwolf guests like Ben Scwartz and Thomas Middleditch. 




 Sounds like there is going to be an origin story. 




 Downcast tells you what day a podcast uploads. 




 Imagine if they did that though. New extreme if remake. 




 Does this actually happen in real life to people? I've seen it in so many movies but I've never seen it in real life.
 









 Did you listen to the Season 3 writers room? I sort of want a weekly podcast where it's a new writers room for a different show every week.  




 Art Of Discourse is one of my favourites. It has my favourite Troy and Abed plots.  




 I actually have a genuine Torque question I want to ask. 




 This thing is going to be a lot UTU2TM references, which honestly I'm fine with. 




 Listening now! 




 I guess they don't have it anymore. They've been saying there going to let us pick flair for a while now so soon hopefully. 









 Can anyone confirm? I don't currently have US Netflix. 




 I think we have the plot for Justice League here. 




 Hitrecord.org could be an easy place to do this. 




 Nope second season. Bill Hader and Fourvel were the guests. 




 He put vhs effects on the cuts but not the actual video. It's not hard to run a video through a vcr. All you need is a vcr, a DVD player and a AV to USB cable. 




 Oh around the 20 minute mark. Unfortunately no uhh-ing but it is a little kid. 




 Cmon it's Jurassic Park, there is more than one famous line. Which one do you want? 




 Yeah maybe he got mixed up or he meant after they got the second season on ABC. 




 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Scrubs_characters#Recurring_characters

I can't find any characters missing from the 8th season on this. Are you sure it wasn't the 9th season? 




 Well I meant the best Lizzie McGuire one. 




 It's first year to the end of fourth year I think.  




 The downvotes are especially rude considering she seems to be trying to answer as many questions as possible.  




 I heard that the lines in the "kiss" scene in JW was improvised. Also that there were other versions of the scene. I was wondering what happened in them?

Also shoutout to /r/earwolf! 




 Nah you can have a cunt if it's a lighthearted one.  




 That's the best fan theory I've ever read. 




 I feel like "NOT Farts" is going to be number 1 no matter what episodes come after this purely because of how much we loved Harris. Sort of like when the Oscars give an award for an actor who has died's last movie even if it wasn't really for that movie but the actor themselves.  




 You just made me realise my problem with Spontaneanation. It takes me a while to realise what's happening in the scene if I stop paying attention for a minute. Improv4Humans doesn't have this problem because of the short scenes. 




 When the stream went down as FIFA finally ended I lost it. 
























 It would look like an iPhone, and a computer, and an iPad. In the future will everything just be black rectangles?  




 You should record yourself talking and then watch it in a year and see if you piss yourself off. 




 On my head. 




 I don't think there is any real correlation. 




 Luckily we have the "gas leak" to explain that mess.  




 YOUUR WIIIIFE 




 Already did. It's doing better here. 




 I don't know, why? 




 You found her! Also didn't expect her to be that old by now. 




 It's actually my least favourite episode of the entire series, even though I love puppets. 




 That's definitely not the intended order though. You don't watch the finale where Jeff and Pierce leave as the third last episode. The rest of it seems pretty correct though. 4 is supposed to be episode 2 anyway. I remember that. 




 Community does it too in their puppet episode. 




 Season 4 was aired completely out of order. There is a correct order somewhere on this subreddit. 




 It doesn't help that he capitalised "Room." 




 I don't think I'd ever have the confidence to do something like that. Good job mate! 




 Yeah. I get to talk to myself even more. 









 Yes and.. the movie would be relevant to our times. 




 It's true though. My little cousins spend all of their time playing with apps rather than toys. They got itunes gift cards for christmas. 




 Comedies tend not to have podcasts like dramas do. 




 Not having a relationship in 3 years is weird? 




 I also missed the start. Top Gear? 




 That's actually what this comes from. The light bulb in my fridge is burnt out and I have yet to notice any difficulty without the light.  




 Is that an irish thing? Eh.. cupboards? 




 But we don't have lights in presses. It seems we would face the same problem. 




 I don't know that much about it, but the thing I do to change region is enter in different settings on my xbox.
 









 Nope, on my xbox I used a different DNS setting. 




 The Day needs my saving expertise. 




 I don't think my interest in film helps. I'm constantly paying attention to sets, background extras and the like. 




 There's some pretty big problems with the widescreen version.  









 So I'm currently watching Buffy for the first time on UK Netflix and the first 3 season were in 4:3 which was all fine. Then with season 4 it changed to widescreen. However I'm now watching Angel alongside it and the stream I found online was in 4:3 which confused me considering they were both shot at the same time. 


After some research and annoyance I found out both Angel and Buffy were on US Netflix so I used a DNS to switch to that and it saved me a lot of trouble trying to find streams. However on the US Netflix Buffy season 4 is in 4:3 and Angel is in widescreen! It's like they have both changed ratios with each other.


 I've done some searching in this subreddit and it seems the consensus is Buffy was made for 4:3 and should be watched that way. My main question is "which way should Angel be watched, widescreen or 4:3?" And also why are they putting up different versions for different regions? 




 Do you have a link to the original thread? I'd like to find out what this is. 




 hitrecord.org is a great website for stuff like this. A subreddit would be cool is well though. 




 It doesn't take a minute to send a snap. 




 Will all food be dehydrated in the future? 




 Please, please do this for the whole stream.  




 I believe Funny Or Die invited them. They invited Johnny Bananas is well. 




 Rick and Morty is sort of a mash of all the shows Justin did for Channel 101. I really hope there is a reference to Cup at some point. 




 Woosh.

 




 Community? 




 http://imgur.com/9Rd1E4x 




 I guess [this](http://i.imgur.com/yQxjywp.gif) gif is incorrect. 









 Yep. http://community-sitcom.wikia.com/wiki/Pavel_Iwaszkiewicz 




 I get wicked cold bros, mad sleepy. 
























 Good on you for editing the wiki! I always get so happy when I see people doing things like that. I would love to hear an episode of the podcast where they go through the wiki correcting things.  




 Yes! Back then the character would just have one little thing prepared and everything else was a new slate. Like Ice-T and his inventions. 




 -s-s-s-s-s.

I got you OP. 




 My favourite Reggie moment is when Scott does the beginning "thanks for playing the song, bye Reggie" thing and then a few minutes later he actually comes on mic and asks can he stay for the show.

I was binge listening and didn't see the guest list so it was a total surprise. 




 I don't know what Avenue Q is but I was talking about the custom puppets you see advertised online. 




 I loved that show so much. I also love the live action Muppet Babies in The Muppets Take Manhattan.  




 I don't believe they're available for sale anywhere and it wouldn't really be worthwhile. They'd be about 100 dollars each to buy but only 20 dollars or so to make. 

Edit: Eh...sorry for answering your question? If you need help making them I can give you a hand I've made quite a few puppets but none of the quality of those in the show.  









 Why do you guys not like Jim Gaffigan, I've only really heard of him. 




 The one where he talks about, I think it's a Woody Allen movie, is my favourite of his appearances.  




 He seemed similar at the entourageathon, I think he's just more comfortable when he's hosting his own stuff.  




 Luckily this episode was only based over two nights.  




 Yep it's a fake stomach.  




 I actually disliked that shot because I found it sort of unrealistic that all of the photos were recent of all kids. The photos in my home and other homes I know of normally have a mix of old and new.  




 That book to me is by far the stupidest part of the whole series. It makes absolutely no sense. 




 Yeah that's why I feel like I relate more to Z than Y. I feel like my life was more like the lives of late Z's than early Y's. 

Edit: I changed Y for X.  




 Ooh yeah I should explain. Generation Y is considered the people born between the 80's and early 90's/early 2000's based on who you ask. And Generation Z is people born between mid 90's/early 2000's and late 00's based on who you ask.  




 I'm very interested in the whole generation name things. And most of the people on this sub could be in either depending on who you ask. Except some of the younger ones are pretty much definitely Generation Z. 




 Nope it's satire but you shouldn't let that affect your enjoyment.  




 Well the project it's from is very much someone trying to do Tim and Eric. http://youtu.be/75z7BM5FsNY It's not nearly absurd enough for my taste though.  




 Anyone have a link to the song? 




 Like today :( 




 News stories? 




 I wish there was a solution as easy as that. 




 That could be a bot though. 




 What sort of things? Can you give me an example of something that has already happened today I could predict? 




 I'm just checking so I can get help if it happens again tomorrow. 









 Well yeah if you couldn't get through Pride and Prejudice you shouldn't be able to get through Pride and Prejudice and Zombies. The whole point is that it is as similar to the original as possible but eith zombies. If this film will follow suit I imagine it to have similar soundtrack, direction and cinematography of a normal period drama but with the zombie plot added in. 




 There is currently /r/blackout2015 









 I've had trouble with this too recently. It seems a bunch of the old ones were with playmo.tv and they've stopped doing it. I'll have to try out ones linked in the comments here. 




 Are the best scenes yet to come? 




 I have a feeling a lot of visual stuff was going on. Expecially that second scene with the teacher and the students. The audience were laughing at moments of pure silence for us. 









 I guess so but it technically isn't really related. Schrodinger's Cat isn't really about timelines. They just fit it in. 




 The new Rick and Morty got it right, didn't it? They were just a bunch of flying cats. 




 But which on are the mods going to go with? The guy who wants to ban you for using it or you????? Ehhhh.... should I say it or not...

What about a word like it....


like....

RAVIOLI RAVIOLI 









 I'd say they would be more similar than just animated actually. Both of them revolve around a family dynamic mixing with high concept sci-fi. Infact the character dynamic feels similar in the pilot with Jerry trying to "bust" Rick similar to Candace.  




 You could donate to Harmontown. 




 I fucked my dog since there is no laws during the leap second. 




 The UK Apprentice. It feels very classy for a reality show and I think the fact it's on the BBC helps. There is only "last times" and "next times" at the start and end of each show rather than between commercials since there aren't any commercials. Also while the show does focus on the drama between contestants it doesn't do it as blatantly as other shows. 




 Well this is a kids tv show so I'd say this doesn't represent him. 




 I have a feeling Community will be blamed. 




 Good job! I wanted the one holding the puppet to be on the right in both. 




 In all Pixar movies or all the toy story movies? 
























 Thank you! 




 I'd prefer if the bits where they are themselves was live action filmed during the game.  




 Just a little short film. It will be on my portfolio to get into college. I've done skits and stuff before but this is my first time working on something serious with other people acting in it.  




 I'm shooting my first short film today and currently getting ready for the actors coming over. I'm pretty nervous and very excited.  









 That's the excuse they use for the comics, I don't know if it's been mentioned in the TV show. But in the comic universe they've said the Zombie mythology was never a thing.  




 It's amazing how different Spaced is about Star Wars between the first and second season. Mostly because Phantom Menace came out between the two.

Also the voice of Darth Maul is featured in both.  




 Thanks. Looking forward to it! 




 I think it helps that they're playing characters.  




 Where's the face OP? 




 Looking forward to it. 




 Yes! Thank you so much. That's perfect. I'll make a post here when it's done, and I'll send everyone who was in it PM's is well. 




 Yeah on WTF, I think, Rob was talking about how he doesn't really consider himself and actor and see's himself being a writer or a director after Sunny. 




 Thanks! 




 I have a few friends who have never seen Star Wars and I've recorded them telling me the plot of the movie from what they've heard in pop culture. I'm going to edit it into a big supercut to try and create a story that resembles some amount of sense, and I'll probably animate some of it.

However I need more clips to make it the way I want. So you haven't seen Star Wars, have a spare five minutes and half a camera/webcam/camera phone could you please record yourself describing what you believe the plot of Star Wars is beginning to end?

Then just pop it onto youtube and post it on here or PM me. Obviously if you do those things I'm assuming you don't mind the footage being put into the final project (Which will just be put onto youtube.)

I believe this has been done before but just with one person, plus this is just a little Summer project for me.  




 I'm also from Ireland and was very confused while reading this thread. 




 Someone actually sort of did this. They watched every movie referenced in season one. 




 I need all of the spoilers. 




 I really, really loved the last scene in this with the homeless people. 




 It's been just as long as last time. 




 Sky are normally pretty good at airing things close to it's original airing so I'm very happy about this. It'll fit nicely there. 




 Oh shit. This loop really could go on forever. 




 While were on the topic of CBB crossover universes. The comedy bang bang tv show and the movie "The Interview" have a big connection in that Ben Shcwartz plays an agent in both, but is only named in CBB. So in my head canon it's the exact same character.  




 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0425112/trivia?tab=mc ref_=tt_trv_cnn

This is going to be tougher than I thought. 




 That would be impossible though, since the references will always be to previous movies. Everything you watch will have been made before the movie you watch.  




 If someone else creates this chain I'll do it. I just might not be that good at spotting the chains.  




 Because I want to see what it's like. DVD's, webplayers, nothing will do it. 




 holy shit, that shark is amazing. 














 there was a lot of stuff happening behind the scenes with that one though. 




 I'm back now!
 




 They're releasing it on a radio show that's not UTU2TM?? 




 http://tinychat.com/khsunny786

Subreddit: /r/teenagerstinychat 




 Well you just ruined What We Do In The Shadows funniest jokes. 




 That was a very strange trailer. It felt like a clip cut out of an actual trailer.

Also yay the invisible friend. He's not really a monster he was just a human stuck in a world of monsters. 




 A new series was just published a few years ago and they still always put out reprints. 




 I've gotten excited about this project "finally being made" too many times in the past. I won't believe anything until there is a trailer.
 




 Yeah Blue Screen is still used a lot, but it was used the most up until they changed to green for Superman. 




 They mostly used blue screen until Superman. And then they were like: shit we need a new colour. 




 The real life of this sub is actually in "new." A lot of great discussion happens there that never even makes it to the front page. If you stick to "hot" you're going to have shitty time.  




 Also the list of other names they were going to call Magnitude is the list of names Jeff says as he says bye to everyone leaving the party.

Magnitude will always be Ben from Tracy Beaker to me. 




 So does that mean we will probably get that episode, because I love that lineup. 




 I hope they release some other poster in that style for them movie. 




 What's the Heidecker Gelman ep everyone is talking about in the AMA? Is it real or a bit? 




 Scott, when are you we going to get an Entourage recap on CBB for the movie??? I need to know what happened.

Edit: whoops someone already asked this. By the way if people do want to see Scott's take on the entourage movie he popped during the entourageathon and spoke about it. 





























 It came out here a good few months ago and it's terrific, I'd love to see a British stop motion animated film do well in America.  




 I know I was just playing along with nomefish. 




 But The Muppets Show is in the same universe as the latest two films. 




 And only a week after they said we wouldn't see it. For anyone who doesn't know the actual show is about the Muppets working on a talk show hosted my Miss Piggy. 









 Probably my favourite Hollywood Handbook episode and one of my firsts. The Bababooey bit is so funny to me. 




 I'd say the fish in Finding Nemo were more similar to real fish than that main dinosaur. 




 Definitely. I actually watched the G.I Joe episode of Community recently and I could only hear Diane and not Annie. 




 That was actually Daniel Radcliffe?? I thought it was Paul F. Tompkins again, since it sounded like  his Andrew Garfield. 









 Honestly this status could very much just mean Tig is officially leaving, the show might still continue without her. 




 Haha I meant non-main character. 

Yeah, last night I was actually watching the G.I Joe episode of community and I heard Diane whenever Alison spoke instead of Annie.  




 I was hoping we'd get a full episode about the Back To The Future 9/11 conspiracy video.

Also does anyway have a link to the original Harmontown Hollow Earth episode? 




 In the credits it says "This film was shot on location in New York City, which is almost like another character." 




 You really remind me of someone but I can't put my finger on it.  




 I know it's been a while but music rights work completely differently for UK television, anything that isn't scripted sort of has the same rules as radio. They own the rights to play it, not to sell it. As long as you don't sell DVD's with the music you can put any music the channel owns, and all of the big channels have deals with the music studios. 




 I can't believe people seem blind to this fact. For some people under the age of 30 Star Wars is some old films they haven't seen or those 3 films that came out that everyone hated. I have quite a few friends who only went to see the prequels when they came out during the hype and are turned off Star Wars completely.  




 Yeah, I really need Simon for the christmas livestream.  




 I'd like an actual Christmas Special though, with actual character development. 




 I never realised she did Vincent! You can hear her all over though yeah, most notably the older girl of Horsin' Around. 




 Might as well. 




 me too. :/ 




 Pm please? 




 There is one! 




 If you haven't watched Bojack Horseman, he's in the new season.  




 Especially because it looks like they did a HD conversion of the movie. 




 Did he link to my facebook page? I guess he just reversed image search? 









 What? But this is way too spooky for him. 




 I'm probably going to have this for about a year. I had my last one for a year. 




 Not really, basically just take a screenshot of your facebook page and put it in the layer above the picture. Then I exported the image that fit in the profile box and then I exported the image that fit in the cover box. The templates are just sort of the ones on  Facebook. 




 Oh shit. Well fuck mobile. 




 Yes! 




 It's not actually literally set a few neighbourhoods over from Phineas and Ferb. If you read the source for that it says "And what's really cool is that -- in my mind, anyway -- Mikey Murphy just lives a couple of neighborhoods over from Phineas and Ferb." It's not like a true spin off or anything. 









 My laptop doesn't play it better. Simple as that. 




 All of the people I used to play with have migrated to different games or the One. So if you still play this please add GT: 
"CianHatesPeople." 




 Yeah, I can't really imagine Kermit sticking his hands up in the air and screaming awwwaaahahhaha in this new style and tone. 




 You can have both. 




 Enjoy the karma s4082211.

Also feeling a little down since this is the first UTU2TM since Harris left us. 




 Wow I'm surprised they didn't show Elizabeth Banks in the trailer. Maybe they're doing the same joke in the actual premier. 









 Or 18.
Source: Born in 97 and am 18. 




 I'm hoping for it to come out this week. Only two more days then!! 




 I'm pretty sure you're thinking about this way more than Paul but the other british characters from him are.. the pie minister, I think. 




 /r/showerorange could be one. 




 I think the problem with this is that to offer a sale on an item it has to have been that price in the past month. 




 Good one.

EDIT: I thought Spontenation had begun at the end there since I had it queued up. I was confused as to why Paul was reading an ad for his show on his show. 




 Billy and Mandy and Codename Kids Next Door were on the same level of this. 




 When I seen the thumbnail I assumed puppeteers would be under the table but they're fully visible! I love this so much. If you're willing to have writers on comic con panels the puppeteers should be there too. 

This is a very rare occurrence and I'm surprised it happened. It's probably the only thing I disagree with Jim Henson on, he was on the side of always keeping the puppeteers a secret.

EDIT: Also wow that whole Promo we seen is completely thrown out the window. I will say the plot to this show sounds more Muppets Tonight that The Muppets Show. 




 This is a TV movie. They've done a bunch of these. 




 It feels like a biopic about the inventor of time travel at times. 




 You should get her to do this if she hasn't seen Star Wars. 
























