 Oh, you were apart of those clowns.  Nice job removing shit pots, the quality becoming awful.  You're sitting here bragging sub count and all these cute accomplishments, it wasn't enough.  You did "your best" but it clearly didn't do the job.  The hating was becoming really mundane and of the generic variety, so no you weren't keeping up the quality.  It was that drop in quality that led to FPH's doom.  Don't blame the admins, everyone knows they're asshats, but you Mods sure did a clowny ass job, yet still you sit around reddit still patting yourselves on the back.  All huff and no puff.  If you had done your job, you'd have seen the direction of FPH ...of course you all thought you were doing a good job...ignorance.  There was a time FPH was safe, then the mods just lost vision.  In the name of censorship/fuck those admins, FPH should still be here, but not for one second would it be right with you degenerates running that ship.  Please leave it to capable hands.   




 There you go again, believing the mods had it within themselves to understand how to police something like FPH.  Just from your comments, you clearly couldn't.  FPH seemed pretty important to you, and for me it's survival means something a bit different, but look at the sub as a whole for a minute, it was pure and unabashed hate as you say, but it wasn't always pitched as such, so when you have a community that remains ignorant about what it is, while also having mods that can't control it; holy fuck it's a mess.  Too many loose ends that that whole team of mods was never going to get under control.  You really think that crew could get it done?  They did a good job kicking and screaming for a day on reddit, but what next?  What was plan b or c?  You think fatties have plan b or c?  It's cake and icecream. 

FPH Mods were incapable, that bunch of clowns had zero foresight.  It sure paid off for them to be arrogant while ignorant.  This is going to be a neat case study one day, those mods will be immortalized. 




 Then the mods should have not pretended like it was for helping fat people.  If the mods did their job, and kept the users from hating on actual people rather than fatty ways/habits; maybe FPH would still be around and maybe we could still have fun.  But they had to just allow random blatant misplaced hate to run wild.  That was very smart, smart way to get kicked to the curb.  Maybe an attempt at discretion or subtelty would have gotten the mod's a lot further than just "pretending like they weren't promising to be a help subreddit."  It's a childish tactic, one that would not slip past those fatty admins.   




 holy fuck, so happening. 




 Sorry, it'll be more like months before you move to DotA then.  Those clever fuckers porting over League aren't done yet, they've done amazing work though. 




 where to make buy? 




 Nothing, it's perfectly usable.  Source 2 gives DotA2 an updated UI design and engine, it's going to help my eyes and my crappy computer so much.  Wait a few months, League will be ported by some clever fucker over to DotA, so you can still enjoy League.  Design language moves forward with time though, and you gotta admit, the new Source 2 UI speaks to the new language in design. 




 Fph would still be around if it didn't draw in so many dankmeme posters.  The jokes/hate quality really took a dive.  FPH was once quality entertainment. 
























 My are the mods of FPH dense, as dense as their subject matter =D

Keep patting yourselves on the back.  No one else believes you did a good job steering that ship.

Keep riding the ez-karma wave that is hating on fatties.  Congratulations for "staying under the radar" for two years, this qualifies as executive level management.  In what way did the mods of FPH maintain direction of that ship, it looked a lot like hoping for the best or whatever the fuck. 




 So we didn't need comeback mechanics, go figure. 




  WE were the gods that ran the show.

Anddddddd that is what we were all waiting for.  Point stands....the mods of FPH were arrogant, narcissistic, ignorant and for the most part clowns incapable of managing the beast that was FPH.  What makes you think that mod-group had what it took to run something that big?  In what way did the moderators of FPH display a fine-course in management worthy of academic case study?  Please I'd love to hear, because FPH had no clear direction, although it's content was clearly going downhill.

 You seem to think your opinion matters at all. Not to mention WE were the ones that made it big.

And no they did't make it big, we just like to hate on fatties. FPH-mods invented this past-time.  The egos are real.

 WE were the ones who made it the best it can be.

Do you see where this is going?  These ass-hats were just patting themselves on the back for some illusory achievements.  Sense of reality and foresight were not skills that the mods possessed, therefore FPH died.  Keep pattin themselves, let's see where that gets em. 




 I cant believe no one is mentioning the game that was popular before DotA...Rival Nations! 




 Oh Reddit, shit posting on sundays at maximum! 




 Once you go black, you never go back. 




 Why is this so? 




 Use your head, that for which you think FPH was for was not always what they claimed; 2nd the point still stands the mods could not control what they were tasked to control.  Therefore, they lost that privilege.  They just weren't a capable bunch, they did their best but was mostly patting each other on the back.  FPH was for hate, but the mods just didn't know how to control it, they keep saying that it's not up to them to police outside, but they couldn't even control what was happening "within their borders."  So it matters not what you think fatlogic or FPH was for.  FPH was a safe haven until the mods failed to keep up with its evolution.  If the mods quit their ignorance/arrogance, they'd have prepared for this battle with the admins ahead of time, not kick scream like little dimwits after shit hits the fan. 
"FPH FPH FPH, we're not about we're not about hate"; but when someone calls them out for toxic behavior, they claimed it was just to shame fat acceptance; however when retorted with "it's not really a place that shames fat acceptance," they claim "it was never about such"...yea pretty elementary style of retort...nuh uh that's not what we are!! 

Yea, that bunch of mods was gonna win with that tactic....FPH was doomed with the circle of clowns running that ship.  We needed mods that knew what the fuck they were getting themselves into; I saw a lemonade stand running in more capable hands today in the neighborhood.  Those days huffing and puffing on r/all were cute though, gj mods gave everyone a good laugh for a few days, next time they shouldn't manage like a group of downies and keep their house in order. 
























 This story is some levels of fucked up. 




 stfu. 




 hottest pic i could find of kraft's lady was THIS pic unfortunately.  she's fine as fuck in this one. 




 it's fine stfu 




 blink distance soooo hard. talk about learn it once and never again.  BIG WHOOP.  cry a river, every fucking casual knows this shit.   git gud. 




 I can't believe this filthy casual nonsense is getting upvoted.  At this point in the game, no I don't think it was arbitrary.  I once thought randomly having skill shot blink was arbitrary, but it turned out to be meaningful even if very tiny bit.  Then I thought it was arbitrary cause the distance thresholds chosen, but at this point he probably tested the distance out a tad.  You need some more experience in the game or stop spouting this trash nonsense.  Same kind of bullshit that supporters of comeback mechanics in 6.82-6.83.  Stop forcing everyone to play your version of nerfball.  We don't give a shit, and it hardly affects your trash level of play. 




 Why the fuck is this getting downvoted.  Why do these casuals think this is a punishment/penalty when it's a reward for paying attention/effort.  If you're lazy and you don't give a crap it hardly affects you anyway, even if the opposing mate landed 90% of his blinks in optimal 1150+, it still wouldn't fucking matter.  What is the big deal about allowing there to be room for a bonus given you want to get that bonus blink distance. 




 Lol, you should prepare to be downvoted in a thread like this, not OP.  Top comment thinks blink is totally arbitrary, and the 960 unit blink is a PENALTY.  Wrong 1200 is the reward, git gud, or just casually blink at 960 like I do because i'm fucking lazy.  But why ruin it for those that want to do things properly/optimally and not like a lazy shit like me?  These threads are filled with casual shitheads. 
























 Reporting this thread for being brigaded. 




 So which is the real confederate flag?  The one you linked? 




 Lol, freaking rtz, quit trolling and drop dat fiya. 




 And nigma is newer to dota, he's hon trash, he even admitted so when he transferred over, so you there goes that.  Nigma's skill/knowledge is nowhere near the vets of the game, he's just good at making content. 




 Whoops there you are!  Sorry for stealing your comment, it was just awful it got downvoted to oblivion before anyone could see it.  But it's gonna be nuked again anyway kappa 




 This was from yesterday, borrowed from u/noodlenonger

 m-muh skillcap

Can we stop this? It genuinely affects the skillcap of the item. Stop avoiding that fact. If you have arguments for why it should be changed then that's fine but don't act like it doesn't affect the skillcap and that anyone who mentions the skillcap should have their argument invalidated. Automatically attempting to invalidate people's legitimate points is exactly how you make yourself look like an idiot.

Srsly, whiners need to quit ruining everything for everyone else.

 




 Of course nigma responds "it's dumb," dont' forget he came from HoN, not even true dota player, so how the fuck would he know about blink mechanic 




 Too bad she sued as a "white" for racism against a predominantly black university.  Nice try. 
























 You've complained about this for so long, please stfu and git gud.  The rest of the players either just play him or moved on, quit whining like a little school girl.  Micro is harder now, you just have to pay attention and stop being lazy. 




 Other than the Trolly comments (2015 people, grow up stop being ignorant), I do agree Sativa is better for playing DotA.  Don't touch indica if you wanna keep mmr, but everyone reacts differently. 




 I expect Reddit to be there. 




 I've gone public. 




 asshole 




 Laker fan since 93, only new Laker fans think mitch knows what the fuck he's doing.  You have to really know the lakers organization way back to understand how much of a doofus he is, if you're some bandwagon fan, you probably don't know shit. 




 According to the morons on this subreddit, I'm supposed to think he has a brain and knows how to steer this ship.  Probably weren't laker fans for long if they think Mitch is passable as a GM.  




 Well played, guy.  That was a good laugh. 
























 Too bad playing sports or competitive games with pinoys happens to be the most unenjoyable way to spend time.  arrogant, loud, self-centered.  I have not had very many pleasant pinoy encounters in my lifetime. 




 She works out, look at those muscles. 




 Only new bandwagon laker fans like Mitch Kupchak, real Laker fans could give a shit about that baboon. 




 Git gud, these are just replay errors. 




 holy shit hon trash, gtfo.  no more comeback mechanics means shitty players can't win anymore.  git gud. 




 I hate to admit but, he suffered from some powercreep, so he ends up a lot weaker now in this patch.  I think it will be sorted out now that 6.82   6.83 is done with, hoping for 6.85. 




 you could say it was the fault of comeback mechanics overwhelming everyone, and TB took the brunt of the pitchforks/kneejerk.  But no one is going to see the fault of comeback mechanic, it was clear TB would have been fine had people known about Sniper/Storm/Troll at the beginning of 6.82.  At this point he's not the strongest hero, either a STR gain nerf-revert, or illusion dmg taken revert is necessary just for sake of not being so squishy.

Overall he's an okay hero, there are many shittier heroes, it's just the repeated nerfs to his squishiness make it awkward to play.  The full toolkit is not bad, silly weird nerfs like the movespeed on meta were really annoying, hopefully he can change that and nerf something else less annoying.  Only real TB players would understand why he's in such a bad position, so there's not much point in bringing up TB anymore.  Fuck comeback mechanic era, caused so many unnecessary nerfs to heroes that ended up shit now. 




 it's hard to play, but it's not impossible. 
























 Wow that's crazy, the dark hair on hair made my boner for her even harder, as a blonde i find her closer to natalie's scale of attractiveness, which is only a few notches below dark-hair emilia.   




 Damn beauty is in the eye of the beholder...natalie is definitely not as visually pleasing as Emilia, it might be natalie's annoying face. 




 I actually take very nice videos at festivals, OP probably records vertical. 




 Used to love Coke, then high-school buddy got diabetes, could only drink Diet Coke, and ever since I became a Diet Coke drinker, I LOVE the taste.  I'm sure there were better ways, but a nice Diet Coke was a great way to keep my ass going to the gym and dieting properly.  I guess I used it as a tiny reward, although I can say anecdotally that Diet Coke probably does more harm to my body than good, it's just what my body tells me. 

Doesn't matter if I'm in skinny or chubby mode, Diet Coke all day every day, I'll probably get cancer. 




 whine much?  i think you just need to git gud. 




 I had just started watching the lakers, it was fun to see him play, but they never made it over the hump; too young to understand much.  Although something neat happened, I made a pretty stupid move trading away a michael jordan north carolina rookie card for some shiny nick van exel card... 




 my are you dense. 




 No way is this guy NVE 2.0.  Doesn't got that swagger, remember Nick the Quick sticking up for young Kobe?  Guy doesn't fuck around, just ask that ref he pummeled. 
























 You guys are the dumbest basketball fans ever.  Mike D'Antoni was a fucking trainwreck, that honkey couldn't run McDonalds.  I read the dumbest fucking shit on this sub.  I can't believe as a Laker fan I have to read this garbage.  Just go back to the decision that was Mike D'Antoni, watch the offense he tried to employ to the chagrin of Pau Gasol, and go ahead convince anyone he was worth a damn as a coach.  GTFO you morons.

The amount of fucking praise these so called "Laker-fans" throw at redneck Mike D'Antoni and degenerate Mitch K is astounding, these guys don't have a fucking clue about Laker history.

PLEASE laker fans, let's bring back D'Antoni because he has the great run-n-gun offense....WAY better than Phil Jackson  /s.  I'll take 2015 NY-GM Phil Jackson over honky-tonk D'Antoni, moron fucked up that year for the Lakers so badly, but it's mainly Buss Family fault, they are the ones that decided on Mike.  People forget way too fucking quickly. 




 I communicated a lot with the Mods, and I can personally tell you that bunch was ill-fit to run a wild sub such as FPH, you can't get a bunch or narcissistic or power/control-hungry to manage a dynamic beast that was FPH.  Those mods were so full of themselves, all you had to do was press some of their buttons on the fallacies of their logic and you could see the sheer idiocy and incompetence that doomed that sub.

All it was was a game of plugging finger in ear and pretending they had a valid ounce of logic in regards to their rules.  It was fun to rib on fatties their, but again the mod's couldn't run a lemonade stand. 




 to the top sir 




 holy shit blind mitch fucking kupchak support.  are you a fucking new laker fan?   




 PSA:  need not watch that long 




 Oh, songs pre-2015? yea I have most of those on mp3, and newer stuff is mostly cloud-based now, though I do grab digital copies wherever available.  Judging artists based off albums seems so ancient.  An artist normally has a hit or 2, sometimes they have a string of them, better to grab those hits or the non-hits that you like than a whole album.  Asking for a perfect 10 album sounds like an exercise for the foolish.  Reddit music still on albums... 




 It's 2015, people listen to songs now, albums are pretty much irrelevant as a whole.  Artists are obligated to continue the album model when they're signed to aging record labels.  The way music works now is artists just release songs into the wild, sometime they work on an album, but that's due to contractual obligations and promotions; or just to string together a collection of good songs an artist managed to come up with in a short period of time.  Fairly dumb question for this day and age. 




 Maltese? 
























 super honest question, jenna the autistic one seems completely normal.  So why do you admire her?  She seems like a decent normal girl.  i couldn't discern anything from the two without them continually telling me the other is autistic. 




 Nice try slipping that by, you were caught.  I applaud your attempt at a graceful exit. 









 Still remember Chick Hearn shoutin' "Nick the Quick!" 




 This was SUCH a great watch, caught a private link of it a few months ago, really opened my ignorant eyes to some NFL history. 




 To re-iterate their failure...I will take NY GM Phil Jackson over the mess that was Mike Brown and Mike D'Antoni, and just for some nostalgia coach Dell Harris.  Lakers have had some pretty shitty ass coaches for such a great team, every time my team gets some shit coach, we're in for trouble.  Great coach really matters, the players will come, but who the fuck wants to come for Mike Brown or honky Mike D'Antoni.   




 Again, the mere fact the terms of the contract allows Goodell to be Arbitrator does not supersede Goodell's inability to arbitrate fairly or Mr. Brady's right to due process.  He can be unfair if he wants, but that doesn't change that whatever he rules doesn't have to stand, if Brady doesn't want it to, this can go both ways, either way it just won't hold in court.  Goodell would be wise to prevent Brady from taking this to Federal, yea right he's in way too deep and if you just look at the past, he doesn't have a clue how deep he's getting himself into. 




 The main fucking point is Goodell inserted himself as Arbitrator, which cannot in anyway be consider fair.  Hello?!  Not rocket science here..whether or not you agree to the CBA that he is the default-arbitrator, it just doesn't hold up that you can be fair in that scenario.  





























  First of all, we are talking about the standard of proof. 
Nobody claimed it was a civil trial. 

 Further:  Tom Brady and the Pats had every opportunity to put on a defense when they told their side of the story at the time of the investigation and again at the hearing.

 They did challenge the evidence. Vehemently.

 They could present any witnesses they would like, Wells would have LOVED to hear from them and so would Goodell.

 Wells is not a prosecutor, he was an investigator. He had no agenda other than to figure out what happened. Goodell is not a prosecutor either, he works for the NFL. The Patriots are part of the NFL and Kraft helps pay his salary.

 No lawyer worth his salt, if they were unbiased, would believe for one second that Brady was unaware that the balls were being deliberately underinflated.

Don't read the comments.  The ignorance is real.  I vomited in my mouth at "[Wells] had no agenda..." 




 There are a lot of people like this, autistic or not.  I still don't get how she's different than a "normal person."  She seems like a normal girl to me, is it necessary to label her autistic? 




 I don't think I can in good faith be skeptical about autism, but man is it hard to tell what it is, yet other people watch something like this and see ALL the signs. 




 We would get along this girl and I, except the meth part. 




 Anyone can play the game of snippets and edits. 




 Cool it there breezy, I can't for the life of me understand autism.  Both the girls in the video seemed normal to me, can you help me empathize with what autism is?  Honestly Jenna looked to me to be a bit introverted. 




 I find autism VERY difficult to understand and empathize with.  I've watched this video and many other on autism, but like this video they both seemed normal.  Nothing stood out as out of the ordinary other than one was introvert. 




 I feel you, i'm starting to think autism is made up, they both are normal to me. 
























