 Technically he was already the 44th President. His election was 4 yours ago. 




 They're raping Indie. 









 Whats funny is these kids probably use Reddit and will think they are cool for being on the top of the front page. 









 What you didn't see is he is really jumping over a commoner.  




 It could...If the neighbours don't open the door to give you sweets then you huff and you puff and you Fus Ro Dah their house down.  




 On a lighter note, I really enjoyed the graphic artist. Maybe he should further his career then follow a shallow path...oh god i'm going to hell. 




 That cat loves pot. 




 "When Life Gives You Lemons, You Paint That Shit Gold" is one of the best hip-hop albums I have ever heard and probably will be to date. More human and realistic lyrics then the likes of current artists. 
























 Wheres Solid Snake? 




 Agreed, good story and plot but was executed terribly. 














 Bill Murray. 









 Live long and prosper...if you can. 




 Yeah but what part of Bristol do you live in? 




 Romney winning the election. 




 Yes, a thousands times yes. 
























 Swear down. It isn't built yet and there were two Croatian men building it. We asked and they said it was ok. I can provide proof if needed but they are filming GoT in Dubrovnik right now. I also met Brienne today so check my profile. 














 I thought it was a solid summer blockbuster and was surprised at how much I enjoyed myself. I had read a few reviews and the concept interested me so I gave it a watch. The plot, characters and setting were able to hold my attention throughout the film and I thought the ending was probably one of the best Disney have ever done.  














 The room is pitch black, the only light shown is from the computer monitor. A large dark figure is at the chair, light gleaming off his glasses while he types in a large red font "Half Life 3 is not going to happen"  









 Yo mama so fat that Obi Wan Kenobi said "that ain't no moon... that yo mama". 




 Are you not scared of your flat being possessed due to it being over a Mexican burial ground?  
























 I hope it does too. This week has made my holiday/brithday.  




 I have only been in Dubrovnik so far but I am going to Split next Tues. So far Dubrovnik is one of the most beautiful places i have been too with loads to do and I have only been here for three days. The city has a massive hill to the left and beautiful sea and islands to the right so gives it a look that is very hard to find in other scenery's. It is also very cheap over here as well so would highly recommend it for travelling. I could message you when I get to Split and let you know how it is over there if you would like? 




 Sophie Turner "Sansa" and Natalie Dormer "Marjorie" are reportedly shooting nearby as well so I am keeping my eye out too see if I can ambush them as well. 




 They may be. I spoke to a set worker yesterday and he said they will be filming around Croatia for the next two months. 




 Pile Gate is great, did you recognise that the little path just through the gate was where Joffrey caused the riot in Fleabottom? 




 If anyone is interested, I also put up a photo of a Season 4 set piece with the "Red Keep" in the background which I found the day before about 15 minutes away from where i met Brienne. 




 Yeah her character is meant too be unattractive by Westoros standards. She is in fact really thin, with a soft spoken British accent and so friendly. Yeah she is about 6"3. When we saw her we double taked as she did not look like Brienne apart from the height but she is really tall. 




 No I would be skeptical too. Me and my gf just managed to book the right place at the right time. Adds a new level of fun to a holiday. 




 It is one of the most beautiful cities I have ever been too. Once you get past the loads of locations they use for GoT, there is still plenty more architecture, history and natural beauty to admire. I really recommend it and it is quite cheap.  





























 Only some of it like the architecture which we have visited. No point paying all that money for the tour when it is cheaper to go too it individually. 




 I might just do that, thank you for the advice. 




 I did feel bad after for her but if you were in my position, would you take the chance? 




 Not really, we stumbled across a set in the making yesterday on the hillside with the "Red Keep" in the background but we found that by luck. I have a picture on my profile of it and it is going to be used in season 4. 




 Yeah I have not read the books yet. 




 Yeah I have the books but been too worried to read past the series. 




 you are right, it was honestly down to luck. We were by the beach and my gf wanted to go and I almost stayed for one dip in the sea but it turns out we left at the exact right time.  




 I have just realised I have mistook her for someone else. I am ashamed. 




 I will be too busy stumbling over my words over her sheer beauty to remember pronunciation.  




 We were just walking alongside when she left a restaurant.  
























 Me there a month ago. I actually stood on that set. Here is that photo but you can see a lot more. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151883610634208 set=pb.834289207.-2207520000.1379889721. type=3 theater 




 If people ain't seen it, they ain't seen it. 









 Happy Birthday too us Mister Crash Bandicoot. 




 She was really pleasant to talk too despite her day off and was happy to take a picture. You'd be surprised actually, another 6 people recognised her when she was walking away.  




 It is indeed. 




 She is actually filming outside of Dubrovnik at the moment so could be filming anything anywhere ;) 




 While her physique gave us the clue, I recognised her by the scar on her lip while walking alongside her. 




 Thank you, one of my all time favorite albums is in fact absolution. 




 I bet you are right and I have only been too one place so far. 
























 I got no quarry with that. 




 *They see me rowing, they hate it* 




 TIL People believe news reports by CNN. 




 Wouldn't this be a good source for wave powered renewable energy then? 




 Children Of Men. It was one of the first thought provoking mainstream films I had seen and was so surprised it featured such a fantastic cast. Hands down, one of my favourite films to this day. 



















 I fought the internet and won some bargains.  




 Nice one Jay. It's Luca on your course. 
























 Tom Cruise in Collateral (2004) 




 The Last Of US. 









 Cafe Kino on Gloucester Road. 




 Plus the companies who they attacked will probably sue them for causing their servers to go offline.....or hire them. 




 Thank god someone mentioned this, such a terrific film with a really interesting script and intriguing characters despite most of them not being visible. 
We had the producer come and introduce it to us at uni and told us some fun facts about the film. Apparently the script was wrote between Boxing Day and New Years and was pretty much the final draft. It was also a 5 day shoot that entailed Tom driving around the same intersection with a camera strapped to the bonnet of the car. The other actors spoke to him whilst sat in a hotel reading through their lines.  




 I really hope David Batista only speaks literally throughout his challenge. 




 These are great....however I do not want to see his interpretation of The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe. 




 I see the Kill Bill saga Tarantino's homage to Asian films. The first one features about 50 direct references to other films that inspired him across his career while Volume 2 is the western influence of these films. It is all shown in this video that shows these references.
https://vimeo.com/19469447
Tarantino has always said he is more of a film lover then a film maker which I respect from him and adds more context to this film as it is often seen as one of his most misunderstood films.  




 *"This is a stick-up"* 
























 Thanks a lot. That was done on a Nikon D7000 with nauticam underwater kit in a local pool for a music video I shot. We only used one light above the pool and the grader brought down the exposure so to not got the tacky feeling of it being set in a pool. He deserves as much credit as I do. 




 Thanks for the heads up. I see those comments a lot as well and my work is growing ever so slightly so I am hoping to be able to craft a few variations of my showreel to show my experience in said areas.

I also see what you mean by coming across as amateur. At the moment I am still in film school and don't want to come across as too presumptuous by labelling myself as a 'Cinematographer' or 'D.O.P' especially as it is a title I have barely scratched the surface of. But in my next reel i'll cut it out. Thank you. 









 Filmed with C100 with 6 stops of inbuilt ND filters. 100-400mm Canon lens with 1-9 Variable ND filter as well. 
Shot on ProRes 422 HQ.
25fps, 5.6 f-stop, 1/50 









 Ummm for black and white scenes and daylight dancer scenes I used a Canon Mk ll with a L series 50mm 1.4 I think. Underwater scenes I used a Nikon D7000 with a standard 50mm. The DJ gig I used a Canon Mk lll with 50mm L series 1.4. For the dancing event I used a standard 70-200mm 2.8 lens and 50mm L series with the mk lll and with the horse documentary I used a C100 with the 50mm L series and the 85mm 1.8. I think thats roughly right.  




 Haha yeah, I have been getting into projecting my videos at events recently and have had some good surfaces to work with. Thank you. 




 That means a lot, thank you.  







































 Ahhh but this is the question? Can you separate the art from the artist especially with the crimes he has committed?  




 Agreed but lets have some faith. Chinatown has just been nominated which is a classic that not many people have seen before. I aim to bring up some different films as well. 









 CHOO CHOO. Off I go. 




 **Rush** Dir Ron Howard. A really engaging film about Formula 1 drivers and their death defying rivalry. The film was a high octane story that constantly changed how you felt about the characters throughout. 




 Snowpiercer, Leviathan and For Those In Peril. 




 The most unbelievable part of this video is that Vin Diesel has a large amount of hair. 




 Funny you should say that. They are releasing a remake of Point Break but I don't think it will be anything like the original.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2058673/
Source: My friend worked on the production. 




 Nothing like a good ol' meatspin. 




 I don't think this I just used the title of the article. I just thought it was an interesting piece of tech. 




 Thats the plan.  




 Hmm that is definitely something worth thinking about. Will be a while yet until we are able to find out its flaws/perks. Interesting step forward though as well as a good price they were suggesting.  


































