 Not lame. I laughed.  




 Everybody dance!! 
























 My wife and I love that so, here, have an upvote.  




 What motivated you to write the song Hesitate? Where were you at the time, psychologically speaking? 

 
























 Not hot to the touch. Not a bug bite, its actually been there for a while. Maybe even years. Doesn't seem to be causing any other problems.  





























 I thank you all for the words of encouragement and insight. Splitting the for test from the MIC helped a lot. Now I am back on track. 




 Last night I attempted to start Month 2 Day 1. I got through the fit test just fine. However, I found that I could not complete the Max Interval Circuit. I got about halfway through and physically could not do it. Maybe I'm being too hard on myself but that was a real blow to my confidence in terms of this workout.

I really enjoy this workout. I love the potential results I could get.

To anyone else here, how did you stay motivated to keep going when it got tough and when you felt like you couldn't do it anymore? 
























 Thanks. Going to have to try that next time.  




 How did the bags get like that?  
























 My daughter is almost 2 years old now and I absolutely love spending time with her. I always look forward to how happy she is to see me and seeing her. The way she lights up when we play together and even when I just talk to her. 

All of that makes the time spent with her worth it. I'm not sure why your husband would be so detached but perhaps it just takes a while for some people to warm up to the idea of having children. Maybe it has to do with how he was raised. Simply my thoughts but I am in no position to make assumptions. 

In the end, I love the time I spend with my daughter because of what she gives back to me.  





























 Incredible form!  




 Go at your own pace, do not force yourself to do anything that doesn't feel right. Listen to your body. 

Yoga is not a competitive practice, what other's are doing should not matter.

And I am paraphrasing Bryan Kest here: Activate your muscles, don't aggravate them. Find that sweet spot between too much and not enough, a happy medium.

Namaste, friend.  
























 As the title says, I may very well get back into WoW. It has sort of been nagging at my brain for a while. I have a single level 80 but have no idea what to start doing if I were to pick it up again. I haven't really done anything since Wrath. Any help with what I missed and what I should begin with? 




 Love Bryan Kest, he's excellent and has a great energy.  
























 Thanks. This game is so huge, though, that I wouldn't even know how to level through cata and mop. Are there certain areas to go to? Does cata and mop leveling just blend with the rest of the game? 




 Yeah, sorry about the broad question. Having not played in so long, I couldn't think of any questions that were more specific. But, thanks for the reply. 
























 I usually read in well lit areas. Today, for example, I read at work during lunch at about 1130...started falling asleep. 

As for a more interesting book, any suggestion for someone who used to read a lot of fiction stuff? 




 I am trying to get back into reading regularly. Most times, I prefer print books over ebooks but whenever I read I start to fall asleep regardless of the book's content. If anyone here has also experienced this, is there a way to combat this? Will ebooks perhaps keep this from happening? 




 There isn't any save data in the cloud since this particular PS account doesn't have Plus; another user on the console has it.  









 Thank you very much.  




 Thanks for the info. We don't have any assets together. We have only purchased small things that, to me, are inconsequential. There is a child involved however. She's three and I was there when she was born and have raised her since yet she is not biologically mine. My name is even on her birth certificate so I fear this could complicate things a bit.  




 Well, neither of us has a lot of money and we don't have any assets together. She has told me in the past that she wouldn't want anything from me and I believe her considering the state of our relationship currently. I had figured that our individual incomes and debts would be unaffected.  




 Do you happen to know how much it costs to file it yourself? I would love to avoid lawyers; I don't believe that we need one considering we wouldn't really be arguing over anything.  




 Over the past couple years, we have been in a slow decline. Various things happened that dampened our feelings for each other until, now, we are more friends than a married couple. We have been thinking about uncontested divorce, or as it's called here in Illinois, a dissolution of marriage. Does anyone here have any experience with this and know how it works in this state? 




 Kansas - Carry On Wayward Son 





























