 Is there a certain image that when you see it you get pumped to get into shape? 




 So when he went down his dick was still out, does the cop have to pug it away for him? 




 I got the monster isport, I use them for everything. Gym time and street running. They are pricy at $150, but worth the $.  




 My buddy and I did this yesterday and went to hhe planetarium on acid! Fucking Amazing! 




 Not easy to watch on a 3GS IPhone but well worth it. Have a +1, don't spend it all in one place. 




 I had a grand maul seizure during sex. When I was 24 I had a long term girlfriend and was living at home. Well at one point my doctor and I decide to go off my meds to see if its still active. Well during that time of my med me and my GF are having sex and next thing I know I'm hanging off the bed and I've puked up my dinner. Turns out mid bone I went into a full blown seizure. My GF was aware of my condition but never expected this to happen. She was a champ though. The real awkward part was telling my parents how it went down. But hey now I have a cool story. 




 This is one of my favorite books of all time. It's the only book that has ever truly scared me. It's a must read . 




 Last dragon reference. Nice! 




 What came first the chicken or the egg? 




 I have been tinkering with mixing my own pre-workout cocktail. right now im going with

1.5 tsp creatine
1.5 tsp glutamine
.5 tsp guarana extract (caffine)
.5 tsp chyanne pepper extrcact 90,000 heat (fat burner)
two scoops amino energy gonna switch to a cleaner amino blend once i run out of this product)

What do you folks recommend.   









 I feel like I had one of these in a classroom during high school but without all the biblical shit. 




 bad Lieutenant
 




 Don't want to point out the obvious but folks may want to be careful what they say here. This is one of the few topics in the world where a joke can get you in serious trouble. Other than that I think it would be 9/11 all over again. It would temporarily bring the country together but would then any lessons we learned or justice tring to be served  would get used and abused by various parties and causes. 




 Who the hell is Emma stone and why should I car? 




 My life is going great. I'm sleeping next to this amazing girl I met last month. It's the first time that I've been this head over heels for someone I a long time. I'm in the best shape of my life. Mentally I'm in a place of self discovery and imrprovement where I just want to fill my life with as much love, knowledge and wisdom as possible. :) ain't life grand! 




 Obama wins, Romney cries! 




 That is one of the greatest things I've ever seen. I'm drunk mind you. 




 Porn was rare. It was something that you or a friend stole from your dad or a store and it would get passed around you friends like was a sacred text. I remember every once I a while while digging tennis balls out of a bush you would stumble upon a stash that some neighborhood kid had hidden. It was like finding gold. Now any dumb kid is only one click away from the most horrible porn ever created. There spoiled they should have to work for that shit! 









 In jr high I was a rollerblader  




 "Time" by Pink Floyd, it's my favorite song and its very fitting for the situation. 




 As a kid I would look at my dads porn, found out the guy likes chicks with dicks.  
























 Find a torrent of Insanity or p90x and make that your obsession. You don't even have to leave the house. 




 I Had a teacher say that to me in jr high cause I made fun of his name. It was spurlock and I called him spermblock. He overheard me and a freind call him that and proceeded to tell us if he ever heard us say that again he would "rip off our head and shit down our windpipe" said a teacher to 13 year old students. 




 Legend of Zelda 2 




 That escalated quickly. 




 Do you have any tunes in soundcloud? 




 There's a good bootleg called after the goldrush that's pretty good 




 Seems to me that if you can bench 365 you have some idea what your doing...I'm tempted to call shenanigans on this.  




 that juno reactor is sick and what i had in mind thanks
 




 thank my memory is refreshed
 




 In that featurett there is a clip comparing shots of a chase scene with water melons exploding. It's been a while but I don't remember that from the original movie was that a cut scene or am I just forgetting it. 




 I dig that tribal bongo sound when its coupled with house, breaks, psy, ect... Is anyone aware of other artists that incorporate bongos into there stuff? I would love artist, track, genre recommendations. thanks. 




 Did you make out with my ex girlfriend at a pub in Scotland a few years ago, she always claimed she met you there and being the only other American you guys hit it off and ended making out. Figure noes my chance to see if she wasn't full of shit. 




 KIDS fucked up as it is its probably more relevant to a lot of today's youths than any of these othe movies. 




 "Message read on the bathroom wall, 
I don't feel at all like I fall 
And we're Losing all touch losing all touch 
Building a desert.

Custom concern- modest mouse 




 Whenever I hear this song I think of this America undercover " small town ecstasy" where a 40 somthing dad goes to raves and gets high with his kids and that is "there" song.  




 Uhh... Kiser Sose! 




 Fight club! The testosterone pumping through that movie is epic.  




 I had this problem for almost all my life, it just so happens that all my life I was overweight. Once I lost weight it went away slightly but what really did the trick was building my chest. Bench, flys, more bench, dumbbell incline. But also working the upper back will help even it all out. Kiss your puffy cone nips goodbye! 




 Join a community sports team, go to the gym, spend. Hour or so in a bar, cafe, ect... And make a point to talk to one person every time your there, Even if its just a comment on a book there reading or a comment about the weather. Smile all the time, you will come off as more aprochable. Shop at your local co-op, hippies are always freindlt, go to a reddit meet up.  




 Open my eyes 




 The op was his fathers accidental orgasm. 




 The Cornballer... Mother or god! Every! Damn! Time! 




 http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-qReXhzHKTSQ/TcPrqa9JtgI/AAAAAAAAAMk/4otXmJBdY0o/s1600/fight%2Bclub.jpg

Always works for me 
























 Lets go darker: caught up in there captivating conversation he misses his flight. Later on sitting at the bar waiting for his new plane there is a news flash, plane explodes mid flight duh duh Duhhh... It was his flight.
Final destination 15  




 That was explained very well. Thanja 




 Can you pinpoint one life altering decision that you have made. Lets skip the obvious ones of having children and meeting loved ones.  




 I did this last week. I followed a article on TNation about warming up for max's. I blew my pr for deadlift out of the water but the next day when I did bench I feel way short of what I thought I could do. My recommendation would be to wait at least 3 days between 1rm attempts even between different muscle groups and for ideal recovery only attempt kne lift a week. 




 After 3 months of 5/3/1 I did my fist 1 rm attempt and deadlifted 405lbs at 230. My starting 1 rm was 365. Next month ill be testing my bench max, hoping to attempt 285. 




 I saw a Wine-o eating grapes. I told him "you have to wait" - mitch hedberg 




 He looks like Gerald Ford. Sorry for your loss 




 This guy is a keeper if you ask me. 




 Avalanches- since I left you, 70 min of pure gold! 




 My gym doesn't have wi-fi! 




 Wipe boogers on the underside of chairs Im sitting on, or if I'm perticularly fitigy ill roll them around between my fingers. 




 No, not at all and I would know, I'm white. 




 9/11 conspiracy theories. Just thinking about the idiocy and blatant disregard of fact infuriates me!  




 Yes! That's it oh man this has plexed me for Years. Thank you. Ill update the thread to solved when i get home. You rock! 




 Van damme wasn't in robo jox. 




 I know its not much but i used to see this movie on HBO all the time. it took place in a futuristic wasteland (possibly another planet) and all i remember is this cyborg fucker with a spider body rules over these gladiator type games and the hero has to rescue his chick from them. i know its not much but this shit has driven me crazy for years.  




 Primer. I was blown away when I saw it and it is still relatively unknown. 




 Reading all this makes me feel a lot less alone.  




 Steakandcheese.com was the site of choice In my day. 




 I had a grand maul seizure during sex. When I was 24 I had a long term girlfriend and was living at home. Well at one point my doctor and I decide to go off my meds to see if its still active. Well during that time of my med me and my GF are having sex and next thing I know I'm hanging off the bed and I've puked up my dinner. Turns out mid bone I went into a full blown seizure. My GF was aware of my condition but never expected this to happen. She was a champ though. The real awkward part was telling my parents how it went down. But hey now I have a cool story.
 




 I use "MyNetDiary" app for everything. I try to log everything best I can but don't fret if I miss something. I tend to over estimate my portions but that will only help. I've had the best results from just counting than any other diet. It just makes me more aware of what and how much I'm consuming.  




 Yah same here. I got a refund from GJ 2 days ago.  




 I heard somewhere that 1000 ius for every 25 lbs is recommended. No reference though :/ 
























 A few months ago I stumbled upon a info chart that had a basic breakdown of many of the main strength training programs organized by experience levels. If anyone knows what I'm talking about and could provide a link I would greatly appreciate it. Thanks! 




 i kept picturing tom arnold the whole time. 




 What is the time elapse between the two pics? Those results could easily be had. With correctives posture, lose of wight, even just water weight. Good lighting and good makeup. Sure. 




 When it's green both directions and you need to turn left. You wait till it's red then go. In slot of places it two cars on red. 




 One of these days - pink Floyd 

I'm to busy but please will someone compile these into a spotify playlist. 




 Seriously this pic is like two years old. There's even a pic of this tree on google earth floating around somewhere. Common reddit your better than this. 




 Yah ask japan about that one 




 This would make a great short film.  




 Has anyone tried doing this with ugly faces 




 A few weeks ago I was doing heavy DLs and on my final lift i felt a strong pinch under my left butt cheek. Now whenever i do any kind of hip thrust movement involving weight i feel the pinch. 
 My understanding is that it may be my sciatic nerve and that i need to give it time to heal. But this means no deadlift, no squats, no good mornings. what can i do in the meantime to help maintain those lifts and if anyone has had this same problem what can i do to help recovery and how long should i expect to be out game. 




 I feel like accidentally awsome would make a good subreddit. 




 Laurence fishburn in Apocalypse Now. He's like 15 in it! 




 "Did you exchange a walk on part in the war for a lead roll in a cage" - Pink Floyd  




 Had the beat in my head for months. The song was popular in sets like 2 years ago and it sampled the main bass line from the song CARS. Whenever i heard it i kept expecting the vocals to kick in but they never did. Its was big in the tech-house/funk scene. Any help is appreciated. 




 what was that stuff he sniffed right before his last lift?
 




 Davis is not "basically part of sacramento" it's a medium sized town that despretly wants to keep its small town feel but get the pearks of a full blown city. In the summer we loose about 15,000 residents between students and faculty of the campus. It's super libral and ruled by small town politics. It's not part of sac.  









 I don't get enough sleep 









 Everyone you like dies. 




 let a stylist cut your hair how they want and shave 




 That last shot is the jaw droper. 




 Sound logic. I see nothing wrong with this. 
























 Its not, trust me. 




 When I was in 7th grade who had a funny last name, we called him sperm lock insted. He over heard me and a freind laughing about it one day, he called is into his room and told us that if he ever heard is call him that agin he would "tear of our heads and shit down our wind pipes." My freind told him mom and the teacher had to write a apology.  









 If you would rather listen than read I would recommend Dan Carlins podcast hardcore history. It's amazing! His "fall of the republic" I a six part series on the fall of the roman republic. He also did an epic serial on the Mongols. Top notch stuff. 




 The after shot reminds me of the refugee camp in children of men. 




 on your app select follow when on the playlist, it should be at the top of the list
 




 Sorry if I used metal as a generic term, HARD ROCK, is that better. 














 got him
 




 I'm stealing this idea for burning man. 




 Right now I'm a little below matinence at about 3000 cal a day, I work two full time jobs both in the food industry so eating often and healthy isn't a problem, I'm at about 260 g of potien 300g carbs and 90g of fat.  




 I have been doing alot of ready about various cutting stacks So I got a little wrekless recently and went on something of a shoping spree. I am now the proud owned of-

3 bottles - PES Alpha-T2
3 Bottles - PES Erase
3 Bottles - Burn 24
4 Bottles - C-bolic forskoiln 95
8 oz of DAA
2 cycles of Animal CUTS

I also have a few months worth of kaizen Ephedrine HCL that i stockpiles once US shipments started to stop.

Yah i littel over kill i know but oh well, im currently running one of the Animal CUTS just on its own. Im 31 6'4 237 lbs Maybe 18% BF, not sure though. I Work out 6 Days a week 4 weight/2 cardio.

After doing some reading it seems there are alot of combonations i could do here, BURN24/forskolin, At2/Erase, Erase/burn/Forskolin, At2/Erase/daa,....

so do you guys have any recommendations? thanks. 




 Thank you sir. 




 Does anyone know who this is. Reverse image search came up negative. 









 Just got Rudd rolled 




 When people so "thank you much" rather than "thank you very much" 









 His name was Tony Rygel... 




 What ever happened to your project "year zero"? 




 One if the best threads I've seen in a long time. 

I'm gonna mine the fuck out of it and make a bunch of cheesy motivational pics outbid them.  




 Yah that's the one I was looking for, thanks. 
























 Besides looks, is there a actual purpose for long nails on men. 




 /r/karmaconspiricy - they did this on purpose all this time just for that once a year front page post. 




 In reservoir dogs the woman who gets pulled out of the car by kytell is the same woman in pulp fiction that gets hit by a stray bullet when Wallace tries to kill butch after the accident.  









 I moved in with her. 




 Nope, they had smaller guys and and the vehicles had a lot of spikes and attached missiles and stuff. Thanks for the suggestion though. 




 Had a few of these and can find the name. They were a series of battery operated alien war machines, maybe the size of my fist and smaller. There we two factions good (grey with red strip onvthe heads) and bad (green, more alien looking) the figures themselves were tiny and simple. Maybe the size of a push pin. The vehicle were the main toy. Any help will solve years of wonder. Thanks 









 When the Brits did the changing of the gaurd at buckingham palace they played the Star-Spangled Banner, it was one of the most touching things I've ever seen and I still get chills thinking about it. I'll post a vid when I get home.  









 Where's Virgil? He belongs at this.  









 Mozarts ghost? 









 This gives me hope for my missing cat.  




 Can i buy that for burning man?
 




 On the same note, when peeing I see if I can cover the surface of water with the bubbles that form when I pee. 




 I see how long can resist scratching a facial itch.  




 ASTRONOMICAL! 




 My name. 




 Time crimes. French time travel thriller 




 Or coke. 




 Please someone make a flash animation of this. 
























 This seems like the porn equivalent of the "safe" /r/whatsonthisthing

  














 Thanks for the answer folks.  




 When a player gets hurt and you see them on the side line talking to a bunch of people are those all trainers or are they agents as well? 




 Fargo, not based on a true story but claims it  is. 




 I sick of seeing transformation posts for 16-23 year olds. Of course your gonna make massive improvements if you do the work, your body is producing T at a rate you will never naturally achive again. Try being in your early thirtes and comming off a injury or sederatery life then I'll be impressed by your brogress pics. Congrats bro you won puberty! 




 The fog last in davis and sac was super thick last night. Couldn't see across the street, great murder weather. 




 This idea has legs! 




 The Fall, half the shots are works of art. 




 Yah that's what I figured, still kinda hard to find the original pic, Google wasn't much help that why came and asked you...FAGGITS? 




 Thanks guys spot on. Crazy that it's in the FAQ. Even crazier is I was gonna post a inquiry about the egg story next. I think brain has finally dialed into the reddit wavelength. I'll change to solved when I get home.  




 Need dat Goatse pic 




 It was a pic floating around the net a while ago that was of a night time Free way,  the text was the definition of a made up word that describes how we were all strangers but connected 
 




 Growing up with cats and dogs, I got used to the sounds of scratching at my door while I slept. Now that I live alone, it is much more unsettling.

Miami_metro
 









 So I lost one of my favorite costume pieces this year at burning man. It was a long flowing knee leght vest, almost like a rob of satin or silk like material. It was decorated and looked to be Indian or arab in orgin. I have a feeling that they are very common in certain cultures but I can't find the correct name to look it up. It didn't button up, it was sleevless. Any help is much appreciated. I'll see if I can find a pic of something similar. Thanks peeps. 




 Naw I'm just intrested, so much money goes into a project like that and I've heard that some of these cars are owned/ bankrolled by super rich burners. A system like RH must cost a boat load so I was just wondering. 




 I'm trying to find some general info on robot heart, is it a community owned art car or does a single person own it a . Does any one know how much the system costs and what the sound specs are? Thanks.
 




 Its also a part of the character development, it allows the audience to se that cooper is super smart, he has the knowledge to hack into this drone, possible someone who has designed stuff of this sort, he's not just a farmer he has a past. 




 Bad drug tip, planet earth every time.  




 I wanna get drunk with this guy! 




 Had a seizure in the middle of sex.  
























 This is the first thing I thought of. 
 




 Opie and Anthony did jug-o-lanterns as a contest years ago. Ramon!!!! Get me my flash light! 









 I've seen a few of these, the pussy shooting ballons is actually quite impressive. Blow dart. 









 Title? 




 Thank god none of the guys around him were smiling or laughing otherwise I have a feeling there would be a job opening soon. 




 Vids of this hit piece of...cake.
http://www.xvideos.com/profiles/janessa-brazil-1#_tabVideos 




 Hangovers take a full day or more of recovery. 




 I'm really glad people post when the networks are down, it keep me from needlessly dismantling stuff on my end like the olden days. 




 Looks like a SSX level. 




 STOP TALKING ABOUT THIS GAME LIKE ITS BEEN OUT FOR YEARS! BACK IN MY DAY LOOT CAVES! BACK IN MY DAY CHEESE SPOT! STFU ITS ONLY BEEN 5 MONTHS! 









 this is most likly at the folsom street fair in SF. This would be a common sight and its not unusual to see sex acts in the open there. In sf it is legal to be nude at special events. 




 Has a study ever been done to see how many women actually want to wear them? 




 Is your gut feeling of guilt accurate?  




 Turning thirty was a reason to get in the best shape of my life and show myself that I still got it! 




 I feel like we should flood the Internet with pics, they can't kill us all right?  









 My bad different pic, same set. 




 Repost from like a week ago, come on people! 




 Thanks 





























 At the pitchfork emporium, on pitchfork street, down in the pitchfork district. duh! 




 Debit is charged immediately, you can't refund it or adjust the charge once the transaction is completed. When it's done as credit the transaction is stored in the machine, it can be edited and deleted and doesn't go through to the bank until the terminal is closed out at the end of the day and even then the charge still usually takes a few days to go through. If you want to keep close track of your account the use debit.  




 A lot of good books but reads like the check list for being a pretentious douche bag. 




 I'm surprised how ok with this I am. 




 I got diagnosed in my mid twenties, it wasn't until I was almost 30 I began to exercise, eat right and lost a bunch of weight. I havnt had a attack in almost two years and I eat shit loads of protein and drink fairly regularly. I do take allopurinol and naproxen so that does help. But the amount of protine I eat is absurd.     




 I think I liked it, I like most Clive Owen films but nothing about it is very memorable. 




 That's awesome.  









 Can someone ELI5 what exactly this cloud is. (Serious) 




 That's so bad ass. Great way to start my day. Thanks! 




 Boobs 




 One night in Bangkok is about the world chess championship. 




 What is this, the ISIS slam dunk contest. 




 I miss those. :( 




 We're getting fucking honey-dicked! 




 Some goats just wanna watch the world burn. 




 My movie logic tells me that a few bodies will be popping up in the future. 




 When DoA beach volleyball came out, one of the major game mags published in there April issue that if you beat story mode in under 13:00 min you could access nude mode. Joke was that it took no less than 13:01 min to beat. April fools perverts.

http://deadoralive.wikia.com/wiki/Dead_or_Alive_Xtreme_Beach_Volleyball 




 Saw bassnectar at that auditorium awsome acoustics and the floor is vaulted so it bounces when the crowd bounces.

Welcome fellow citizen! Congratz! 




 The second Avalanches album. 13 years and waiting.  




 Thick not petite, just sayin. 




 I liked it, good music choice, what was the first song? I feel like the kid pop up was  unessacery and then the movie samples could be mixed in better. But well done. Better than anything I could do.  




 Kinda in the spirit of long planned out things you have the french guy who when he died sealed his house off for 100 years.
http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2011/02/pictures/110209-maison-mantin-french-time-capsule-mansion/ 
























 Movies and books love to use the idea that ultra rare almost mythical text exist and are sought after by some super rich illuminate type collectors. Are there any actual cases of this? Books that pop up from time to time and biders go crazy over or we'll know text that are thought to be lost but rumored to still exist? 




 I always ment to make a playlist like this and this song sometime around midnight.( http://open.spotify.com/track/7Hn0bZgca6QFz6OyKkvAi6 )would be at the top of the list.  




 Living in a college town. After about 25 you reliZe all the people your age either move out of town or get married and settle down. On the plus side if you don't mind dating 18+ there is always a new batch every September.  









 I totally thought I was gonna open a r/justiceporn link. The fact that he's a bandit makes this so much easier to wach, 




 Got a circumcision at age 32.  




 In the movie Eter the Void and in ASAP rocky a video for LSD there is a super crazy looking lounge. I'm pretty sure it's in Tokyo but my research has turned up nil. Here are a few pics.
http://factmag-images.s3.amazonaws.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/videos-524-616x440.png
http://www.thehydramag.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/backofhead.jpg
 




 The kill list, such a solid crime movie that takes this super WTF turn at the end. Super good worth the watch. 




 Fit couple

http://imgur.com/a/39nsK

Credit to U/lobo2ffs
 




 When I get mad or irritated I roll my tongue under itself and bite down. Done it ever since I was a kid.   




 Working at a co-op grocery store or whole foods type store tend to draw the more hippy/hipster folk. Often, deep compassionate, sometimes misguided and naive but happy and a pleasure to be around for the most part.  




 Bucket list for sure. 



















 I'd  like more than a 10 song collection. I always thought that there should be records or tapes hidden through the world that you could collect, turn in, and they would be added to the playlist. 




 "Arcade shit" I'm gonna start using that. 




 This is so metal 




 Thank you, made my night. 




 Im waiting for one of the two kids to pipe up "dude that's me on the left in the photo, check it out here's the pick from my perspective." Reddit destiny and shit.  




 My high energy playlist. A mix of everything with a kick.
http://open.spotify.com/user/1260051296/playlist/3DSJUXLTZCmLf9WV11euJD 




 I once woke up with a horrible foot cramp but was having a gout flair up at the same time so the pain from the gout made me unable to move my foot to uncramp it and it was this vicious cycle of cramp/gout pain for about ten minutes till it finally worked itself out. Fuck gout. 




 That's a legit question, maybe there is just so much porn on the Internet that given a chance for a random image the odds favor porn. Id like to see a ELI5 on this. 









 As a you young boy I saw The Cure, brad renfro and the young boy from Jurassic park, about two youths trying to find a cure to one of the boys HIV. I was not emotionally ready for that.

As an adult I had a friend recommend the boy in stripped pajamas, I put it on all willie nillie not knowing what I was getting into. Again I was not prepared. *sigh*  




 One of the greatest sets ever. Always been one of my favorites. Wish we could see her now. 




 All I'm getting is a blank index and no options to post. I've tried re-downloading the app but no luck. Any one else have/had issues?
 









 Shannon Figa. Oldie but goodie.

Keep it up though great shit. 
























