 If you were to boil down 5 things that make an outstanding NCO, what would your five pieces of advice be? 

Also, what books do you highly recommend for someone getting ready to pick up their stripes? 




 Hey y'all, 

I'm looking for more books with academic wizards. I loved *Jonathan Strange   Mr. Norrell.* I also really loved the portion of *The Name of the Wind* where Kvothe was attending university. I'm looking for more books where wizarding is seen as an academic pursuit, full of Latin phrases, obscure references, cool robes, classes, and **books!**

Can you help me out? 









 What if a group of wealthy individuals bought a large mass of land. Seeing as it is private property, they can do what they wish right? So they establish a government, much like the US but smaller. They "rent" property out to anyone who wishes to "immigrate". They then regulate environmental practice on this land "it is their private property" and regulate guns, the market, and such (I.e. if you don't obey they kick you off their "private property". They leave a will that states every four years the people must elect a fixed number of people who become "property owners" of this land mass.

Wouldn't this be a state, but completely agreeable with ancap philosophy? 




 I'm the Army vet who posted the question about tattoos recently. I'm looking to become a Middle/High School English teacher in the South (I'm from Alabama). I had some more questions, I'm sorry if there are too many.

* Will being a male put me at a disadvantage?

* How difficult is it to secure a job after I get accreditation?

* What is Summer like for y'all?

* Are you allowed to present ideas for electives you'd like to teach?

* What are some good resources (books, articles, and websites) related to education you would recommend to a young teacher?

Thanks in advance for your help. I've found this sub super friendly.

 




 I'm pursuing a degree towards education, with the intent to be a Secondary English teacher in the public school system. Obviously I'm not a fan of the system, but kids need to be taught even in our messed up system.

My questions are thus;

* What has your experience in the public school system done for your libertarian philosophy?

* Do you ever find conflict between your career and philosophy?

* How do you deal with the world of public education as a libertarian (especially unions, standardized testing, federal interventionism etc).

* Any other thoughts, tips, or tricks about being a libertarian in the public education sector? 




 Hello, I currently have some gold bullion coins from the US mint, but I'm curious if it's possible to buy gold bullion coins from other nations? 




 Hello, I'm a Confessional Presbyterian (OPC). I'm looking for someone to have some discussion with regarding Worship, Ecclesiastical Polity, and the nature of the Sacraments. These are three things I am conflicted about, and am between my confession's view, and the view of historic Reformed Anglicanism. I'd really like to carry out the conversation via PM if that is ok. 

 




 Hello,

I'm not sure if this is the correct sub forum for my question, but here goes. I'm an Army veteran about to go back to college for English Education. I'd like to teach Middle/High School English. The thing is, I have tattoos. My arms above my elbows are half sleeves, and I have four on my lower arms. Will this pose a problem for me?
 




 To all my fellow bibliorganizationophiles out there. How do you organize your home library? I have a pretty extensive library, mostly dealing with literature, literary criticism, and theology. I'm looking for a more detailed way to keep it organized, as it is getting rather out of hand (i.e stacks of books with no shelfly home). 




 Caliban is my favorite Shakespearean character. I've always been baffled as to who he is exactly. At various points reading and watching The Tempest I've seen him as a mentally handicapped person, a cannibal like native islander (his name is an anagram of the Spanish word for *cannibal*) and various monstrous sub-human characters. 

What's your speculation about the nature of Caliban? What's your favorite way to see him portrayed?  




 I understand that each major category has a 100's place, but behind that how exactly does the system work? For example, you get a book on Elizabethan history, it would go in the 900's place, but how do you determine the rest of the Classification?

 









 Do you feel society in general owes you anything?

Put another way, do you feel you are entitled to anything by virtue of being born?

What are you owed by society?

Why does society owe you these things?

 




 **I was reading *The Theology of Prayer* by the great Southern Presbyterian Benjamin Palmer, when I came across this quote. Pairs wonderfully with the first question of the Shorter and Larger Catechisms I think.**

"Upon this soul is stamped the seal of the divine attributes. In his intelligence man dimly reflects the divine wisdom; in his affections, the divine benevolence ; in his conscience, the divine rectitude; in his will, the divine power. Such a being can find his true sphere only in God. All these endowments point to that august source from which they are derived, as the only goal to which they can aspire; and the comprehensive act in which they all embark is the homage of an intelligent and eternal worship."

~ Benjamin M. Palmer, The Theology of Prayer 




 Theoretically, could we ever base the US dollar on a cryptocurrency standard comparable to the gold standard? Obviously we would have to eliminate the FED and the Keynesian stuff. Obviously the cryptocurrency would have to be non government controlled. We all agree that we need a strong dollar backed by some resource (gold, silver etc). Also we agree that the market should decide said resource. What if the market chose cryptocurrency?

Is it feasible? What steps would we have to take? 




 First, forgive me for being an ignorant American here.

If the U.K. is one country, why are England, Scotland etc separate national football clubs? Why isn't there just one U.K. football club? 




 It seems that the presbytery in whose geographical bounds Leithart is currently ministering in (Evangel Presbytery) has sent a second letter to the presbytery Leithart is a member of (Pacific Northwest Presbytery) regarding his laboring outside the geographical bounds of his own presbytery. 

http://theaquilareport.com/pca-evangel-presbytery-asks-peter-leitharts-presbytery-to-deal-with-his-ministry-status/

I have a few questions.

1. If Leithart is a TE at a CREC church, why is this an issue for the PCA presbytery in whose geographical bounds he is ministering in? Restated; since he isn't working in a PCA church, how does this affect Evangel Presbytery? 

2. Why does it seem the presbyteries are more keen to address his unconformity with the Book of Church Order, while still not addressing his unconformity with the WCF (FV)? 




 Curious as to what y'all think about the concept of indentured servitude as punishment for nonviolent crimes. To clarify I don't mean *slavery*, at least not in the antebellum sense.

What I mean is, if someone violates your property rights (fraud, theft etc) then they have to work without pay for a period of time.

This could be done two ways

1. The criminal could work for whoevers property rights they violated.

2. The criminal works at a special labor camp.

Of course, it would have to be done humanely. No violations of NAP upon the "prisoners". Feed them, etc. But instead of sending them to a prison where they simply are turned into more violent criminals, we send them to work without wages for a period of time relative to their crime.

Is this a wacky idea? 




 I mean this as a friendly question, but this sub is so diverse that I was curious what the general consensus was.

Are you TR? (TR=Truly Reformed; Strictly Confessional, Old School, Strict Regulative Principle of Worship, Cessationist, Not a broad Evangelical, Hodge-ian) 

If you don't fit into these categories, what is the definition of *Reformed* according to your systematic theology?

[Helpful Link](http://theaquilareport.com/the-six-tr-points/)

P.S. I'm TR. 




 What are your thoughts on birth control? Should Christians use it? Which kinds are restricted?
What about artificial fertilization programs, surrogacy and the like? 




 How strictly do you observe the Sabbath?

What are your thoughts on Sabbath observance? 




 I want to join one, but can't decide which community is best.

Not beer advocate. The ratings seem soo amateur..

I'm really leaning towards Beer Citizen.

Any others? 









 Other than a good beer selection (which is a given).

In my town, there are *zero*. Everywhere only has the typical adjunct "party beers". I usually just buy my beer to drink at home. But I'm going on a road trip soon, and I'm looking to visit some good bars on the way. I want to know what qualities I should look for to determine whether a bar is worthwhile before I spend too much time/money without the best experience? 




 I've only been to two. Both weren't exceptional. The food was great, but the beers were average (still better than adjunct lagers). The concept is interesting to me though. Reminds me of old medieval taverns where the local tavern keeper brewed their own beer.

Anyways, what has your experience been? 




 "Let us therefore hold it for certain and firmly established that the soul can do without everything except the word of God, without which none at all of its wants are provided for. But, having the word, it is rich and wants for nothing, since that is the word of life, of truth, of light, of peace, of justification, of salvation, of joy, of liberty, of wisdom, of virtue, of grace, of glory, and of every good thing. It is on this account that the prophet in a whole Psalm (Psalm cxix.) and in many other places, sighs for and calls upon the word of God with so many groanings and words.

Again, there is no more cruel stroke of the wrath of God than when He sends a famine of hearing His words (Amos viii. 11), just as there is no greater favour from Him than the sending forth of His word, as it is said, "He sent His word and healed them, and delivered them from their destructions" (Psalm cvii. 20). Christ was sent for no other office than that of the word; and the order of Apostles, that of bishops, and that of the whole body of the clergy, have been called and instituted for no object but the ministry of the word."

~ Martin Luther, *Concerning Christian Liberty*

P. S. I don't know if this sub is a fan of quotations, but this one hit me while I was reading the aforementioned work. 




 What beer related bucket-list items do you want to accomplish before you die?

Mine follows:

1. Drink a pint of Guinness in a Dublin pub. (Which Dublin pub is the best?)

2. Drink *Calvinus* which is brewed only in Geneva.

3. Drink at the Wittenberg brewpub in Wittenberg Germany.

4. Visit all of the Belgian Trappist breweries. 




 I've heard Guinness is better from the tap. I like their stout (the import version). I was just curious is tap Guinness kegged with nitrous? 




 Me, I like traditional beer styles. Stouts are my favorites, and I also love the traditional ale styles. I rarely ever try cutting edge, innovative, or nontraditional styles (odd combinations/ingredients, hard liquor in beer etc) beers. They just don't interest me. Plus, with all the stouts out there to try, I have enough on my to-drink list! About as nontraditional as I typically go is something like a peanut butter milk stout.

What about you? How often do you venture into the new styles of the beer world?

Edit; sorry about the spelling mistake in the title. I cannot type well on a tablet. 




 I love watching YouTube beer reviews. I'm a big fan of *The Albino Rhino* and *Chadz* beer reviews. I'm looking for other quality reviewers. 

Who do y'all recommend? 




 I'm gonna be honest. I do the unthinkable... sometimes, I drink Budweiser. Now I usually drink craft beer. But sometimes, is there anything wrong with just drinking a cold one the same way you'd drink a coke? 

Sometimes my more snobby craft beer friends hate on my for drinking Bud or Yuengling while watching the game or barbequing. The fact is, when I'm doing those things I intend on drinking more than six beers, and drinking them easily. I'm not drinking them for complexity etc.

anyways, how do you feel about the snobbier side of craft beer? Do you avoid macro's at all times?  









 I'm just curious what the various approaches are. Do you have a regular time for family worship (devotions)? What do you do during that time?

Our family does every night. We open with a psalm or hymn, then we will read either a question from the Larger Catechism or the Heidelberg. Afterwards we will get into whatever we are studying. Sometimes we go through a book of the bible, sometimes we explore a particular topic, sometimes we use a book or other material (notably Paul Miller's material). We usually close with prayer time for various and sundry requests. Though we don't have kids yet, when we do we are considering using the New City Catechism. 









 It is very hard for me to choose, but if I had to narrow it down it would be a toss up between Thomas Watson, Thomas Brookes, and Samuel Rutherford.

1.  Watson's *Art of Divine Contentment* was phenomenal.
2. Brookes's *Precious Remedies Against Satan's Devices* has probably had more of an impact on my walk than any other book.
3. Rutherford's *Letters* taught me a lot about compassion, and still provide a continual source of comfort and pastoral encouragement when I am away from home.

What about y'all? 









 Consuming alcoholic beverages, yay or nay?

As for myself I'm all for them in moderation. I believe beer is one of God's greatest physical gifts.  




 I recently started reading Chomsky for the first time. Up to this point I've never paid much attention to him, instead favoring more Rothbardian authors. Now that I've read him, he seems...inconsistent. How can someone who supports liberty, anarchy even, support the welfare state and the UN? Am I missing something? 









 The only responses everyone is throwing out are;
1. Gun Control - obviously a bad idea. I shouldn't even have to expound on why.
2. Lock away mentally unstable folks who "seem" violent. - Another obviously idiotic and oppressive idea.

What are some common sense ways to approach this subject without violating liberty? 









 I'm looking for something quirky, with realistic characters and great relationship development. Something similar to "Tell the wolves I'm home" by Carol Rifka Brunt (which I just finished and *adored*).  




 They can, apparently digest the wood pretty well, and consume it at a rate of 361.9237001 cubic centimeteres per animals per day according to the "Annals of Improbable Research".(1995) 




 Just curious how offer y'all contact your representatives?  














 Obviously not a question for anarchists, but do you think secession is legal? If so, under what circumstances is it legal? 









 There's a lot of interesting/high quality ones out there, and I love collecting them. What's the most interesting one in your collection? 




 Hey y'all, forgive me if this is a super amateur question, but I'm studying for my tech license and thinking about putting a 2m in my car for my first radio.

My question is, what antenna do you use? Do you use the default antenna on your car? If so, how do you connect it to the radio? 




 When he lost to Santino, Sandow's outburst seemed legit to me, they sure seemed to avoid acknowledging it happenef 









 I'm 21, planning on opening a Roth IRA target date fund. I've narrowed my choices down to either Vanguard, Charles Schwab, or T. Rowe Price. I'm leaning towards Vanguard. What do y'all think? 









 Originally, we were founded on the basis of the Articles of Confederation, until some of the federalists had their say. It seems to me the AoC established a more decentralized government. Do you think we should have stayed under it? If so, how would America look today? 









 I am a buy and hold investor, how exactly does an ETF work, and what can it do for me? 














 I'm 21 years old, trying to start my long term investment vehicle. I'm seriously considering a Roth IRA because of the tax benefits. (I am sure my tax bracket is lower now than it will be when I retire). I've heard a lot lately about Indexed Life Insurance policies and Annuities. It seems they give you a floor so you won't lose money, and you can withdraw the cash benefit anytime. It seems like flashy smoke and mirrors to me. 
   My question is, what do y'all think? Which investment vehicle performs better, and is likely to leave me in a better position at retirement? 




 Stick with me and you'll go places. 




 Because young men need good role models that spend time with them. 














 It has been explored in a variety of SciFi books/series, but what way do you think it would happen? Through radio? Physical contact? 

I tend to think radiowaves are probably the most likely way they would make contact. Our radio signals are easily picked u and clearly signify intelligent life, and would be one of the first thing a scout would notice about our planet. It makes sense that they would try to contact us through this medium. What do y'all think? 




 I know I know, wacky topic. Just thought I'd throw it out there. Has anyone you've known experienced electronic voice phenomenon? Do you think it is possible for paranormal stuff to be on the radiowaves? 
























 I have a few questions about who y'all think are the best pitchers currently in the MLB?

1. Who is the best all around pitcher in the league?

2. Who is the most diverse pitcher in the league? (Pitcher with biggest and best developed arsenal)

3. Who is the best technician? (Pitcher with a mastery of a single pitch) 




 I'm currently out of the country and I'm using the utwente WebSDR for some listening. Unfortunately, I've never used a waterfall display before, and I'm not sure how to read it. Are the lighter lines radio waves? 




 What are the major differences between the three groups? 














 I'm specifically interested in the fashion/lifestyle of the country side of rockabilly. I love Hank William's fringed suits, pearl snaps, and twang. Are there any websites/resources that deal with this subgenre of the lifestyle at all?  









 I'm currently out of the US, and last night was listening to my Grundig shortwave, I picked up an odd signal for someone who said "this is Oscar the engineer" like three times before the signal got too bad. Odd thing is, I've heard the same transmission before while I was in the states and thought nothing of it. Does anyone know who Osacr the Engineer is?? I know it is a longshot, but I thought I'd ask yall 




 I know several times throughout his career Tesla claimed to have recieved raidiowave transmissions from Mars. Does anyone know of a book/resource that further elaborates on the story behind this? 




 I'm currently out of the US, and last night was listening to my Grundig shortwave, I picked up an odd signal for someone who said "this is Oscar the engineer" like three times before the signal got too bad. Odd thing is, I've heard the same transmission before while I was in the states and thought nothing of it. Does anyone know who Osacr the Engineer is?? I know it is a longshot, but I thought I'd ask yall 




 Please explain how baseball stats work? Batting average, and other percentages? 









 Whether hamming, dxing, or local listening there are all sorts of oddities that happen over the airwaves. What is the oddest thing you have ever heard? 









 I've heard of units doing this. Has anyone experienced it firsthand? What's your opinion of it? 



















 Hey y'all, come check out /r/twang/ for a healthy dose of Hank, Jones, Waylon, and new artists keeping the old-school style alive 



















 I'm currently far away from my shortwave set for a while, and was curious if any of y'all listened to pirate/foreign stations online? If so, which ones are the most interesting? 




 I really love good biographies. And I love classical music! Have any of y'all read a great composer biography that you really enjoyed? 




 Specifically one dealing with the philosophy of work/work ethic, a history of blue collar work,  sociopolitical aspects of blue collar work, etc... Can anyone help me out? 




 There were many composers who wrote deliciously melancholy pieces, but on the whole who do you think captures this emotion best? Also, which work by your suggested composer exemplifies this emotion best?

My answer would be Chopin. His melancholy pieces are among my favorites. I think his "Prelude in e minor" or perhaps "Nocturne in C# minor" best exemplify what I mean. 









 I'm not talking how-to books, or electrical books, but history books. The only two I've read so far are 

Hello everybody! The dawn of American Radio by Anthony Rudel 
 
And

Empire of the Air: The Men Who Made Radio by Tom Lewis.

Any more suggestions? 









 I know, odd request. I'm looking for either a history/nonfiction book about early country music (1930's to 1960's) or some good biographies of early country musicians. 




 I know, odd request. I'm looking for either a history/nonfiction book about early country music (1930's to 1960's) or some good biographies of early country musicians.  




 As a book lover my local library is one of my favorite places. In fact, I prefer my local library to my local bookstore. I think libraries stand as bastions against the overwhelming illiteracy of our culture. What about y'all? 

1. Is your library well stocked?

2. Are the librarians helpful?

3. How frequently do you go to your local library?

4. Are you involved in any programs put on my your local library?

5. Do you donate to your local library? 




 Which online book review social media site is the favorite here at /r/books? 




 Do any of y'all find yourself using a unique phrase one of your previous NCO's used? Some of the best NCO's I've ever had possessed a hilarious command of the English language. They could make a chewing out unforgettable. What are some of y'alls favorites? 




 Hey y'all, I'm trying to find the new 2015 board questions online somewhere, but I keep finding the old ones. Can some on help me out? 




 From any medium? I gotta say I really hate the one from Dark Knight Trilogy. It lacks the classy feel of the classic batmobile for me. Believe it or not, my favorite was the one from the cheesy Adam West TV show. What about y'all? 




 I think I'm in the minority here, but I really hated the artwork in TLH. ...  














 The guy loses more matches than anyone else I can think of. Completely uninteresting. All he ever does in go into the ring to get beat up.. 









 I listen to the Tom Woods show regularly, and I'm looking for more libertarian or even an/cap radio shows/podcasts. Can y'all help? 












































 I know it's an odd question, but my favorite characters have always been the tinkerers/mechanics. I love the guys who play with cool scifi toys, keeping even the most junky stuff running long past its prime. Can anyone think of good novels somehow related to this theme? 



















 Hi y'all, I'm pretty new to amateur radio. I've only built a few crystal sets, and am just now getting into tube radios. I am curious about trying to build a simple homemade transmitter. What types of transmitters are the simplest for home build? 









 I'm looking for some libertarian imagery to incorporate into a tattoo. Maybe y'all could help? Specifically something I can incorporate into an old school style tat. All I've come up with so far is somehow using the Guy Fawkes mask (and I know he wasn't libertarian so don't even go there). Any ideas? Something that'll make a statement? 









 I know it's a huge selection, but fantasy is chock full of magical swords, staffs, wands, and other enchanted goodies each with their own characteristics. Often I find that the props become characters themselves. So If you had to pick a personal arsenal, what items would you have in it?  




 What's your favorite vehicle of any kind from SciFi? Or, what SciFi vehicle do you think plays such a big part in the story that it becomes a character itself?

I love the Ecto-1 from Ghostbusters, and of course the Serenity from Firefly. 




 Back in the day, Kane could barely speak. He was strange and awesome. Then he became a well spoken suit. How did that happen? 




 In honor of easter, what's your favorite easter egg/eggs in a comic book? I know many writers are fond of putting symbols/ spoilers in their comics, what are the best you've found? 




 I've never really read many Dark Horse titles, and I'm looking to try something new. So help me out, where do I start? 





























 If we were all defined by our extremists, I reckon we would be in quite a pickle. KKK members and white supremacists certainly aren't the norm in our faith, just like extremists aren't the norm in yours.

I was in Afghanistan. I have seen firsthand the difference between radicals, and everyday Muslims. I still do not understand why so many are so willing to propogate some kind of "new crusades". 




 I found conviction in my beliefs by finding conviction in His word. I have never had any experience of God. No feelings, no eerie emotions. I do believe his word because he has, by grace, enabled me to believe it.  




 Hello, Afghanistan veteran here.

I am curious to know whether you think the war/military intervention has made Iraq better or worse, from personal experience?

1. How has the country changed since Saddam's regime fell, in your personal experience?

2. How has U.S. intervention affected you personally?

3. What are your opinions about the war and the soldiers who fought it? 




 I think they are basically the same thing as Tacoma's in the U.S  









 Ah, toyota hilux's. I haven't seen one of those since Afghanistan. 




 As a Reformed Presbyterian I would answer the question by saying we do not have free will. Our will is limited in scope and ability. 

Yes, I believe in predestination. 




 Reason is not a conservative publication. 









 I am in the Army. I spend varying lengths of time away from my wife, from days at a time to over a year. Sometimes we can skype, sometimes call, we have written letters, sometimes we cannot talk for weeks at a time.  









 Maybe you missed the news breaking that our government has been actively spying on us... 









 1984 is amazing. Be prepared to realize you are living right in the middle of it. 




 Good night.. I love how they always justify it with "every other developed country has hate speech laws". If our neighbors hate liberty, so must we! 




 It puts the fragility of life into perspective. Though I am only in my twenties, the attitude of bullettproof youth is all gone. Experiences like that tend to make you grow up quickly too. I think I am more mature than many of my civilian peers because I have come to realize the things most of them think are important, are not important at all. 




  "You give them credibility when you silence yourself,"

Now that is what I am talking about. 









 *To Kill A Mockingbird* taught me what true masculinity should look like, what meekness was, and how courageous it was to stand up for lost causes. It taught me that justice is not dependent on what our peers think it is. Atticus Finch is still my role model. One day, if we have a son, my wife and I have agreed to name him Atticus. 









 I was in Afghanistan at 22. Watched a friend die up close. 

I would say that whole experience has shaped and defined me in a way not much else could. 




 Bring them a gift. Donuts or coffee.

BTW, I wish I could meet them. I am a soldier. I would love to give them a cup of coffee and tell them I recognize and respect their humanity, even if they do not respect mine. 




 **Countries I have felt safe in** 

* U.S. 

* Romania

* Canada

* Turkey

**Countries I have felt unsafe in**

* Afghanistan

 




 Adidas and Puma were started by rival brothers. Both brothers were diehard nazis. Both companies contributed to clothing the nazis. 




 I am a soldier. Yes, absolutely fulfilling. I get sent to crapholes all around the world, work retarded hours, gripe and complain about every minute of it. But I would not trade it for the world.
 




 I love MC Lars's stuff. He is a English geek who became a hip hop artist, using hip-hop to teach literature.

[Here](http://youtu.be/1ucYtOk_8Qo) is his TEDx talk entitled *The hip-hop of Shakespeare*

And [here](http://youtu.be/lR7NmXdEMCg) is one of my favorite songs by him, an adaptation of Poe's *Annabel Lee* into hip-hop.

Be forewarned, he is quirky as hell. 




 [This interview](http://youtu.be/qzKzu86Agg0) by ReasonTV with Mike Rowe on the high cost of college.


And [this poem by Jesse Parent](http://youtu.be/KcIwZ1Dth0c) entitled "To The Boys Who May One Day Date My Daughter" 




 [*FRESH*](http://www.freshthemovie.com) really made me think about where my food is coming from. As a result, I try to be more conscious about how my food was made. 

Plus it introduced me to Joel Salatin and his ideas, who is now one of my heroes. 




 There really is not a quick way to earn money. The best bet is to pick up an extra job and pay it off chunk by chunk. It may take awhile, but it is the only stable solution. 




 And the statists call our economics "magical". 









 Nobody at your unit can help you. You have to talk to your branch manager.  




 They pay the service provider to air their ads because that exposes their product to a large group of consumers.

Paying the consumers directly to watch an ad to convince them to buy the product is an incredibly roundabout and expensive way of doing it. It would cost a huge sum of money to reach the amount of people just one ad on a regular television program reaches.  




 Some of it has to do with the fact that places like Thailand have extremely unregulated sex workers. If you were looking for things that were frowned upon by developed society (age) you would obviously go somewhere where there is not a ton of regulation of that market. 




 Some denominations continued using wine, and the producers of sacramental wine were able to get exemptions.

Other denominations who were at the head of the prohibitionist movement switched to using grape juice. One of the fellows who started Welch's grape juice company was a vehement advocate for teetotaling, and tried to advocate for grape juice being used at the communion table. 

That divide still exists today. Many of the more fundamentalist Christian denominations who advocate teetotalism use grape juice instead of wine at the Table. 




 Tom Cruise or Steve Carell. Both classy and hilarious guys. 

I hate late night shows like Letterman, but anytime either of those gentlemen are guests I have to tune in. 




 Left Hand Brewing's Nitro Milk Stout. 




 There is nothing wrong with this. Joining the military is an act of voluntary association. You agree to their rules. 

I agree with ending the drug war, but if an employer includes restricting drug use in an employment contract, and you agree to that contract, you are held to that contract. 




 Awesome! Our library staff here on Fort Drum is incredible. 




 That is the point of stand up comedy. If they got up there and gave accurate, totally unexaggerated representations of the people in their lives, it would not be funny at all. So they exaggerate, make stereotypes, and *make jokes*. 




 Not a librarian, but I just wanted to say I have a tremendous amount of respect for y'all. No matter where I have lived (literally all over as a military servicemember) the local library has always welcomed me with open arms. I think data and information management is such a ncessity in a developed society. Folks do not know how important y'all are.


So thank you! 




 With steak.

Because I am a man. 




 Because you are a gigolo who takes working lunches? 




 Ah, I see. Is it British slang? 




 Fine. I joined the Army. I am originally from South Alabama, they moved me to Northern New York. I have learned to like it though. Been here three years, became very active in the community, have friends, still miss boiled peanuts. 




 Tobacco pipe smoking. 




 Could you explain what a sarnie is? 




 **OP**

1. I am in the Army. I work in a motorpool helping maintain trucks. 

2. I bring an old green stanley lunchbox with me to work everyday. It is usually filled with a bar of lava soap, moonpies or little debbie cakes, two sandwiches (usually bologna or salami on white bread), chips or a small green thermos of soup, and a can of coca-cola. I also bring a gallon jug of sweet tea that I consume throughout the work day and whatever book I am currently reading.  I get about an hour lunch break. I scrub my hands, sit down in my office, and eat at a back desk, taking my time.

3. I usually use my lunchbreak to either listen to a podcast (either *This American Life*, *How Stuff Works*, or *Planet Money*), or reading a bit of whatever book I am currently working on. After my break I am usually energized to finish the rest of the day (which tends to be long). 




 1. What is your vocation?

2. Describe a typical workday lunch ritual for you.

3. Do you use your lunch break for anything other than quickly scarfing down substinence? 




 She paints, makes crafts, volunteers at our local USO, volunteers for the military family readiness group, and teaches classes to new Army wives. 




 A Maglite. 

A large bag of marshmallows.

A thermos of coffee.

Emma Stone.

 




 Because I do not go to parties. And if I did, they would not be parties with dancing. They would probably be scrabble parties. Or maybe jeapordy parties. Perhaps I would even get crazy and attend one of my book club's parties. But never *ever* a dancing party. 




 Does humanity have a good track record when it comes to reacting peacefully to people who are different than them? 




 It depends on how quickly the state were dismantled. 

The first step is to stop forcing people to pay into Social Security in the first place. 














 Samwise sounded more like Spock. 




 You listed many pros, but I think you forgot a con.

There is the possibility you would see Hillary naked one day. Think about that for a minute.


 




 Emma Stone. 

[Obvious reasons](http://m.imgur.com/gallery/gPc3h) 




 Most religious people have absolutely no problem talking about sex. 
. 




 Firefly. 




 I am not with it at all. I don't really like pop culture, so I just kind of ignore it. 




 Not exactly. Ukraine is a totally seperate country. Ukraine was a part of the USSR, but when the USSR dissolved Ukraine won independence.

Now Crimea, which was a small state within Ukraine, has voted to leave Ukraine and annex to Russia. Ukraine is still a totally seperate nation though. 




 Yeah, I still have no clue either. It seems totally bogus to me, whatever it was. 




 Welding. If you get certified, you can bring in some serious side hustle.  




 Nothing unbelievably. All of my skills are quite believable.

 




 Are you asking for Australians to comment on their favorite American foods, or are you an Australian who wishes for Americans to comment on their favorite American foods? 




 Afghanistan has to be on the list. 

I was there. The mountains are breathtaking. They have a rich and multifaceted culture that has been hijacked by religious extremism. Their economy, liberty, human rights etc are awful. 




 Basically I am asking how important you think it is to work a vocation that is totally your dream, as opposed to learning a skill you love some parts of and dislike other parts of. 

Weigh in, how do you approach the idea of vocational fulfillment? 




 I just finished the episode, and I was floored by how sucked into this stuff people get.. Normal people leaving their jobs for a get rich scheme.. I dunno, it really surprised me. 




 What are some examples of market economies in which individuals were close to totally free markets, and those markets worked?

I am just looking for tangible examples of laissez faire working. Can y'all help? 




 There is not one value. Mature and responsible manhood is a combination of various attributes. 




 My workshop. I have a minifridge stocked with craft beer. The walls are decorated with various tin signs, beer neons, gun and ammuniton ads. My tools are laid around, but not in a disorganized way. Unfinished projects, currently a bookshelf, lie on the other half. I have a lived in recliner I picked up from a garage sale over by the minifridge.  




 Bootcamp will be the easiest part of your military career. Do not be an individual. Blend in, be quiet, do not stand out and you will be fine.

Remember, when you get to your first unit, nobody will give a shit how good you were in boot camp. So just get through it.  




 Probably a pavlovian effect created by years of advertising.

In other words, you have been programmed to react that way by years of watching someone drink coke on televison and making that sound. 

If you are unfamiliar with classical conditioning [this Wikipedia article](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classical_conditioning) explains it. 




 It is hard to explain. Each department has a lot of independence. They are not exactly in the same chain of command. More like several cooperating entities with their own chains of command. 




 Kind of. They have different roles. If a crime happens within the city, and is confined to the city, it is usually the local PD who takes care of it. If it is a county wide thing, a crime involving several cities, or outside of city limits, the Sheriff will usually handle it. If it js a statewide thing, or something on state land, the troopers get it. 

That being said, there is a ton of cooperation between departments. There is also conflict. Sometimes Sheriff's and Deputies overstep their bounds in city limits, and vice versa. It is a more organic relationship.  




 Sheriff's Dept. is the *county* police forcr, local PD's are the *city's* police force, and State Troopers are the *state's* police force.
 




 What if there were a travel show in which the host visited notable libraries around the world? The Vatican Library,The Library of Congress, The Admont Library etc. There could even be episodes where famous authors take the host to their favorite libraries. Along the way the host could comment on notable rare books, library histories, ways in which libraries have contributed to their local communities, and other things. 

I mean c'mon people, we have a travel show called *Booze Traveller*, but we cannot make a good travel show about books? 




 *Das Kapital* is on my reading list, I have been a little intimidated by it though, it is quite the beast. 




 Well they would if they were communists. But they are not. 


China is communist in the same way the U.S. is capitalist, i.e. not at all. Do you believe the U.S. is an actual capitalist country? No. We are a mixed economy. We are a hybrid of semi-free markets and government intervention. China, N. Korea etc are the same way. They started out totally communist. Now they are hybrid states, centralized totalitarian authority states mixed with some form of limited market economy. 




 This makes literally zero sense. Marx and Engels's *Communist Manifesto* is the founding document of Communism. 




 Dry ice. Nitrogen cooling. Both would cool your items very quickly. 




 Yes I am aware. But obviously other nations have nuclear weapons. If we were a stateless society, how could we protect ourselves from other nations with nuclear weapons. 




 I am a pretty staunch libertarian, strong advocate for decentralization, and near ancap. I have a few reservations though. Perhaps y'all could help me.

1. What happens to nukes in Ancapistan? Obviously worldwide anarchism is not going to happen overnight, so even if the U.S. becomes a voluntary society, Russia, China etc will still have powerful weapons, and might seek to take advantage of what they see as a vulnerable situation. How do we as a society of individuals protect ourselves against these weapons? Also, what happens to the nukes the U.S government owns once it disbands?

2. Along those lines, how does a voluntary society protect itself from a sadistic individual obtaining a WMD? Say someone gets the money and ability to buy a powerful weapon. How do we stop him from killing thousands?

3. If the U.S. government disbanded, do you not see it as likely that another nation would try to use coercive force to take over? How could we possibly arm ourselves well enough to prevent that without a professional military.


These are just a few of my reservations. I definitely think liberty wins, and that ancap ideals can be implemented over a small scale, but I have a really hard time seeing it as a large scale option... 




 Gerbils, hamsters, ferrets, guinea pigs... all domesticated rodents. 




 I agree with what you are saying. Leftist descriptors are mostly slurs nowadays. Some libertarians do not understand the ideas behind leftist philosophy. This coming from a diehard capitalist.  




 I obviously disagree with them on fundamental issues, but the ignorance of many Americans about Socialism and Communism really bugs me. 


 









 Can someone recommend some libertarian debate videos? Anything liberty-related. 









 Can someone give me an easy explanation of the differences between socialist anarchism and anarcho-syndicalism? 




 Hey y'all. 

I am an active duty soldier nearing the end of my enlistment. I am seriously considering the railroad as a post-military career. Maybe y'all can help me with some questions.

1. I am currently a shop supply specialist. I oversee the order of parts for the motorpool, schedule services, keep track of inventory etc. A lot of supply and maintenance management. How do these skills translate into railroading?

2. Are the hours as bad as I hear? Being in the military has gotten me used to long hours, being away from my family, but I have heard many horror stories about railroading. 

3. How are the benefits? 
 




 I know y'all probably get a lot of these posts. I am sorry! 

I am interested in podcasts about 

Libertarianism

Art and literature

History

Social issues

Travel

Science fiction and fantasy


  




 As the title says I am an avowed laissez faire capitalist libertarian looking to engage some socialists respectfully. I have some honest questions, I am not trying to argue or pick a fight, just looking for a civil conversation.

1. What do you think the biggest misconceptions are about socialism?

2. What is your opinion as a full socialist about mixed economies (like the U.S) where the market is neither totally free or totally socialist?

3. Do you see any difference between laissez faire capitalism and crony capitalism?

4. What books or media would you recommend to me so I can honestly understand the socialist perspective?

5. What would change in the U.S if it became a fully socialist country?

6. What things do people think would change in the U.S. if it were a socialist country, but would actually remain the same. 


Sorry to lump my questions all together, I did not know of a better way. 

Thanks! 




 1. How long have you been a Wobbly/how did you become a Wobbly?

2. What has the IWW done to improve your life?

3. How do IWW members view other consolodated unions? It seems there are many who want "one big union" but they are all fragmented.

4. How has the IWW changed to fit modern workers needs in your opinion?

5. Do you think the IWW is on the decline? 




 **My 5 Questions:**

1. How long have you been a Wobbly/how did you become a Wobbly?

2. What has the IWW done to improve your life? 

3. How do IWW members view other consolodated unions? It seems there are many who want "one big union" but they are all fragmented.

4. How has the IWW changed to fit modern workers needs in your opinion?

5. Do you thibk the IWW is on the decline?
 




 I am super obsessed with wanting to try [this](http://buy.rogue.com/rogue-sriracha-hot-stout-beer/). Has anyone here tried it? What is it like? 




 I get the basic idea, I know what Socialism is about, and I know that "libertarian" originally refered to socialists. I still don't get it.

1. Is libertarian socialism any different than regular socialism? How?

2. What the heck is anarcho-socialism about? Isn't the state a fundamental piece in the socialist theory?


Any other info would be great. 









 Hey y'all. I am going to be making a venison roast as the centerpiece for Christmas dinner this year. I am currently thinking about marinating it in red wine and black pepper then roasting it, but I thought I would ask Reddit for tips. Should I go in a different direction? 




 Do you see yourselves as counterculture or antiestablishment in realms of your life other than politics? 









 How much of an effect did the Treaty of Versailles have on the rise of Hitler? If the Treaty were more fair to Germany would the Nazi Party have still been able to take control? 









 Anything related to the labor movement, labor strikes, unionization etc. Books on these topics are pretty hard to find... 




 Worka that deal with political campaigns, political intrigue, fiction geared around politicians etc.  




 Can y'all recommend good fiction set during the Bolshevik Revolution/rise of Soviet Empire? 




 Basically self-explanatory. How much does readership factor into dateability for you? 




 I am looking to broaden my horizons. Please recommend rap/hip-hop for me? 

Something educated. Proper wordsmiths speaking about social issues/important issues. 

Nothing about partying, drugs, sex, etc. None of those things interest me.

I am not tryong to come off abrasive, I am genuinely looking to expand my horizons, but I need substance. 




 If you were to start dating a man who had PTSD
How soon should he tell you? It becomes a core part of the victim's identity.
How big of a factor would PTSD be when deciding whether to continue dating that person?
Do you personally feel that you would be able to date someone you knew from the beginning had PTSD?
There are no wrong answers, I am just curious as to opinions on this issue. Again, this is geared to be about someone you just recently started seeing/barely know yet. 




 If you were to start dating a man who had PTSD
How soon should he tell you? It becomes a core part of the victim's identity.
How big of a factor would PTSD be when deciding whether to continue dating that person?
Do you personally feel that you would be able to date someone you knew from the beginning had PTSD?
There are no wrong answers, I am just curious as to opinions on this issue. Again, this is geared to be about someone you just recently started seeing/barely know yet. 




 Do any of y'all keep a regular journal? If so, what kind? 




 I am an Anglican leaning Presbyterian who wants to implement a greater Advent awareness in my familiy's devotions. We are going to start using the BCP lectionary and Collects. What other things can we implement to deepen our Advent experience? 




 Which beer do you think goes well with Christmas? It does not have to be a seasonal beer necessarily, but any beer that tastes Christmasy to you.

For me it is actually Ommegang Witte. I know many see it as a refreshing summer beer (which it can be) but the spices and fruity overtones fit the holidays for me. 




 I am really into technical artwork, mechanical blueprints and cutaway art of machinery. Is there anywhere on the web I can gorge on scifi pics of imagined machines? 














 I think most of us feel the Army has made our lives better in some way. I am curious what life skills y'all would say the Army/deployment have given you? What specific ways have the Army made you a better person? 




 Putting together a playlist for a long ride, and I am curious what are some of y'alls favorite road trip songs? 




 For example, parents who leave children in hot cars, feeding kids horrible food and contributing to major health problems etc.

If so, is there a solution? 




 Honestly I was disappointed.. It was not content. I loved the idea, background, and setting. I think it was style. It was too short, too quick.. I barely had interaction with the setting, characters, or background. The "hook" was done poorly I thought. Things like that have to be done with subtlety, especially in short stories. It needed more buildup, more subtle shifting towards the two possible outside worlds..


**TL;DR** - Great idea, great setting, would have been better reworked as a novel with more time and depth. Barely three stars. 




 New guy here trying to get into GP. Please inform me?

Also, where does AMA Road racing and flat track racing fit into the picture? Is the AMA Road racing series completely unrelated to GP?  




 Does anyone know how I can find detailed technical manuals/drawings of various models of bikes? Is there a consolidated resource like this? 




 Just curious if any of y'all keep a journal for tobacco? I have been smoking pipes for a few years now, and I love trying new blends. I usually annotate the characteristics of new things I try, along with what kind of pipe I used, if I paired it with a beer or bourbon etc..

If you do keep a pipe/tobacco journal what layout do you use? 




 Can y'all give me some suggestions? I love vintage sound, I love pedal steel and old school sound engineering. I also like some more cowpunkish stuff. 

I love Nikki Lane, Justin Townes Earle, Willie Nelson, Haggard, Hank III's traditional stuff, and Jamey Johnson among others. 









 I am curious to learn more about liberty mindfulness in the Democratic Party.

1. Who were some liberty minded Democrats of the past?

2. Are there any liberty minded Democrats today?

3. What were some historic stands that Democrats took for liberty? 




 I am in a rented apartment, and rather than pay the exorbitant repair fee to the landlord, I figured I would just spackle it up and paint it myself. The issue is that my walls have textured paint, something like orange peel, and I do not know how to replicate the texture. Can someone offer advice? The scratches are not huge, and I just need to blend them in to the rest of the wall. 




 1. What is the general opinion amongst Marxists regarding Lenin?

2. Were the RSFSR and subsequent USSR successful communist systems? Are they good examples of what most modern day communists would like to see Capitalist countries imitate? 




 Do communist refute self ownership? How do communists view the relationship between an individual and his own self? 




 1. Did the TechnoCore remind anyone else of Asimov's MultiVac?

2. Did anyone else think Brawne Lamia came off sounding annoyingky similar to a 50's noir pulp-fiction detective character?

All in all it was a great book. 




 This sub is full of recommendations for *The Name of The Wind*. It's been on my TR list for a long time, but after hearing all the hype I moved it to the top of my list. I was very disappointed. Kvothe was really unbelievable for me. He was just too flawless. The magic system seemed heavily borrowed from Earth sea. I didn't hate it, I'm actually really interested to read the new book about Auri (the underthing was my favorite part) but the book only got three stars from me. 




 What are some good SF F websites to browse? I'm interested in SF F news, commentary, artwork, etc anything SF F related really.

What are the best places to check out? 




 What are some good SF F websites to browse? I'm interested in SF F news, commentary, artwork, etc anything SF F related really.

What are the best places to check out? 
























 They are not a representation of biblical Christianity. They are extremists. 




 I do not believe in free will. 




 For the record, I think all of us can agree Sean Hannity is a moron. 

My advice; relax. If you really want to make a difference and spread ideas of liberty, you are going to have to have a ton of ammunition. Keep reading. Read Rothbard, read Hayek, read Hazlitt and even Ron Paul. Forget about what your teachers and classmates think, keep thinking for yourself. 









 I am a Creationist.

I am just not a literal six day creationist.
  
I believe humans do not evolve arbitrarily, but were created by God to obey his law.

Edit; grammar. 




 I only keep books I believe add value to my library. Not every author is Reformed, or even orthodox (I have some of Barth's stuff, Kierkregard, Erasmus etc) but I do not tend to even bother with fluffy stuff. 

 




 I read several books more than once. 

I read *To Kill A Mockingbird* yearly.  




 A stereotype based on Germans historically being seen as regimented and serious. (i.e the Prussians and the Nazi's)

Also a stereotype based on their language, which is perceived as harsh/serious. 




 **For Shaving**

* Mitchell's Wool Fat shaving soap. Smells wonderful, and leaves me without razor bumbs. Creates a very good lather. I use a badger hair shave brush and straight razor. 

* Captain's Choice Bay Rum aftershave.

**In the Shower**

* Lava Soap. It contains grit, so it cleans well. My wife loves the smell, and it is easy to take on the go. I use it as body soap and in my hair.

**On The Counter**

* Brylcreem. This stuff holds my hair combed and parted without making it look gross. A real classic.

* Old Spice Classic Deodorant. I have tried the newfangled and fresh smells, but nothing beats the classic. My wife loves the smell more than anything, which is a great bonus.  




 Just curious, what is in your bathroom?

What hygiene products do you use and why? 




 Will give sources when I get home

The worship of Baal and Moloch included child sacrifices. Many scholars believe the worship of Ishtar included (forcible?) temple prostution. Herodotus includes accounts of temple prostitution in his work. 

As a confessional Presbyterian, I do not believe God has changed his message. I do not see a break between the Old and New Testaments. I see the scriptures as one Covenant of Redemption, with various stages of completion. We are simply in a later stage of the plan. The Law still stands but has different implications for us after Christ than before. It has not lost its validation though.


I can go into more detail in a while, once I have gotteb home, and provide better sources if you would like. 




 God called for the death of these pagans as judgment upon them. He was establishing a Kingdom of Righteousness amongst a people of violence and wickedness. He was violently overthrowing their exploitative wicked religions, in order to plant His people in the land. 

The application to today is that God takes idolatry seriously. Although the actions might not carry the same physical ramifications today, God's atttitude about those actions have not changed. 


We are no longer in a time where our world is run by overtly bloodthirsty pagan taskmasters who offer human sacrifices and sexual slavery to their gods. Imagine living under barbarism like that, would you not support the violent overthrow of such a system? 
 




 I agree. There are true libertarians on both sides.  




 They were created by God. I believe in microevolution, that society and civilization has evolved over the years.

I believe the poor sexual morals of humanity throughout history are a testament to man's fallen nature and mutiny against God's law. 




 What makes you appreciate the perspective? 




 Actually, I hold to an Old Earth creationist view. I believe the world is millions of years old.

Don't make assumptions about my belief system. Christianity is a broad and diverse religion with a ton of nuance. 




 I am totally serious. 




 I believe humans were committed for committed relationships.

I am a Christian, and so obviosuly my worldview is rooted in the Christian narrative. 




 God has given us stewardship of the earth. We are responsible for its welbeing. 
 
Ultimately I do believe he is in control, and will not let his creation be utterly destroyed. This does not negste human responsibility though.  




 Hey y'all. I am about a year out from ets, and I am trying to prepare myself for the transition. I am curious to know how it went for y'all?

1. Did you have a hard time transitioning into a good career?

2. Do you enjoy your career?

3. What things might I struggle with after transition?

4. In what ways has your military experience stuck with you?

I gotta be honest, I am pretty scared of the unknown. Scared about finding a good job, and dealing with it all 




 I am sorry, images are covered in the Westminster Larger Catechism. I accidently directed you to the wrong part of our Church Standards.

It is covered in [questions 109 and 110 of the Westminster Larger Catechism](http://opc.org/lc.html)


We do not ban all images, only images of any person of the Godhead. We ban the use of any images in worship, but as far as art goes we are permitted to make images of animals, nature, humans, etc. 




 I believe the proper and moral place of sex is within a committed relationship.

So yes, I do think visiting prostitutes is shameful. 




 [The Westminster Confession of Faith](http://www.reformed.org/documents/wcf_with_proofs/)
 




 I believe the second commandment is clear. 

My confession condemns any representation of any member of the Godhead. 




 Each a violation of the second commandment. 




 No.

I am married. 




 It is heresy. 




 I agree with you 




 Have you ever considered selling them as mail order brides for ISIS? They look just their type. 




 Sure, 

I grew up in the church, my parents raised me in the faith. I never had a "see Jesus moment", it was a progressive and gradual thing. I began to understand my sin-debt, and at some point it all clicked. Christ arrested my heart, and drew me to himself. It was gradual, over many months, my understanding of salvation. I cannot point you to a definite conversion experience, but rather a gradual understanding of the implications of his sacrifice as my substitute. 




 Historically, I believe Constantine was the beginning of the church losing its way. For a long time I believe the true church existed within the Catholic Church, until barely a remnant remained. There were many quasi-reformers before The Reformers. There was much ebb and flow, but the remnant of orthodoxy was nearly snuffed out leading up to the Reformation.

I believe the Reformation was the great recovery of the true church, and the exodus of the true church from a corrupt institution. 




 First, I would kill a human if put in the right scenario. In fact, I have been put in that scenario on more than one occasion. I am totally comfortable with violence.

Second, no, I do not believe a fetus is committing an act of aggression against the mother. *The fetus is not the initiate*, the act of sex was the initiate. If you want to use your homeless man scenario, pregnancy/abortion would be like me going out and finding a homeless man, bringing him into my home (initiating the act) and then murdering him because he is in my home... The fetus does not choose or initiate the act of pregnancy. Therefore, the fetus could never be the aggresor. If violence is taken against the fetus, the mother is the aggressor because she initiated the entrance of the fetus into her womb, and then killed the fetus for being there.
 




 By all means, ask away.

No, neither. I believe the Trinity is a fundamental doctrine of the faith. By the same token I do not believe modalist thought is orthodox either. These are all heresies condemned explicitly by the ancient church councils.

I (and my denomination) would place Unitarians and Mormons even farther in the unorthodox spectrum than RC's. We believe they are heretics outright. (I am not using that as a slanderous term, just a descriptor to explain that we do not believe these groups to be Christian at all). 




 The key word here is *aggression*. Are you familiar with the Non-Aggression Principle?


If someone is trying to kill me, then any violence on my part is not *aggression*, but *self-defense*. 

If someone breaks into my home, they have commited the act of aggression, both by aggressing against my private property, and presenting reasonable threat to my family's wellbeing.

I am not a pacifist by any means. I am a Non-Aggressionist. There is a colossal difference between the two.  




 Most of Protestantism. Obviously there is a spectrum of orthodoxy. I will not be exhaustive here, but painting with a broad brush, the core issues of orthodoxy in my opinion are the five solas. They must be held to for a church to be considered remotely orthodox in my realm of thought.

As a Reformed Presbyterian I obviously share little common ground with RC's theologically.  




 I believe there are Christians in the Catholic church.

I do not accept the Catholic church as a valid representation of orthodox Christian thought though. 




 Not inconsistent with the Christian faith in the sense that believing it makes you a nonchristian. You can, of course believe Mary was a perpetual virgin and still be saved.


It is totally inconsistent with Reformed Christianity though. Luther and Zwingli believed a lot of things that fall outside the boundaries of Reformed thought. 




 I believe if you create life, you are responsible for that life. No matter the circumstances, once life has been created it should *never* be taken in aggression.

That is the fundamental principle. Aggression. If a fetus is a human, then abortion is aggression. 


If there were, somehow, another way to create human life (cloning for example) I would just as adamantly oppose aggression against that created life.

 




 Just because something is poor taste does not mean it should be illegal.


Most of us who support free speech also think discriminatory jokes are tasteless. I for one do not support magazines or organizations that do such things. 

That does not mean they should not be allowed to do them. 




 Most profitable blue collar trades require some skill traini g first. Do not think you are just going to transition from an office job with no trade skills into a profitable and fullfilling blue collar job easily.

That being said, there are a ton of great opportunities out there for guys willing to learn. Welding, pipefitting, electrical work, plumbing.. all of these jobs can be very profitable. 

My suggestion would be as follows

1. Do not quit your job until you are ready to transition into your new career.

2. Look up labor statistics for your area. Get in contact with local labor unions. Figure out what blue collar jobs are in demand in your area. Sometimes the profitability of a blue collar career can change dramatically from city to city.

3. Once you figure out some options, figure out how to get certified in that trade. Most trade unions have trade school type programs. Votech schools also are a viable option. These things are not always very expensive.

There is a huge market for skilled blue collar labor out there, but do not let your desire for another kind of career drive you to jump ahead of yourself. 




 If the mother does not want a baby, she should not have unprotected sex.

We all know that pregnancy is the natural consequence of unprotected sex. Nobody is confused about what happens. Once you participate in unprotected sex, and a child is concieved, you cannot blaim the child for natural consequence. 

Sex is an act that is by definition, the creation of life. Once you create an individual, you do not have the right tk aggress against that individual.  




 Thank you! 




 Yes, if you are a pregnant woman you own your body. But you do not own the fetus's body. The fetus has every amount of self ownership you do. 




 Last week. I eat bologna on wonder bread often. I take them to work, alternating between bologna on white bread and salami on rye. I am a simple man. 




 Not quite that cut and dry. He introduced the Sanctity of Life Act 2005, 2007, 2009, and 2011which would have defined a fetus as a human being with full rights at the federal level.

He has commented that he believes such matters are best handled at a statr level, but he is adamantly pro-life, supporting pro-life legislation. In 2000 and 2003 he supported a federal ban on partial birth abortions. 

He is a huge voice against abortion, showing no support for an individual's "right" to abortion. He just thinks the matter should be handled on the state level 




 I would say I dress in a way that works for me.

I keep my hair short, and combed. I wear mostly button up shirts and pearl snaps. I always tuck my shirts in. I make sure everything is well ironed. I never wear tennis shoes, typically I wear either my cowboy boots or brown leather wingtips.. I wear a lot of seersucker, cardigans, and bow ties.

My style is mostly affected by the culture I grew up in (deep south) and the military culture I spent most of my young man days in (well ironed, tucked in shirts, combed short hair, etc) 




 No. Because I own my body. That is the fundamental premise of libertarianism. 




 How do you deal with feeling burnt out?.. I am getting real jaded about being in, I am tired of the bullshit, and honestly just do not wanna do it anymore..


I am about 12 months out from ETS, and I do not think I am gonna do it again. How do I adjust my attitude in the meantime? 




 Because those of us who are pro-life libertarians believe a fetus is a human, and therefore abortion violates the non-aggression principle. The moment a fetus is concieved, we believe he has the right to life, like any other human. 




 I am looking for anyone who is or has been involved with prison librarianship.  




 **My 5 Questions:**

1. In what ways have you seen the library program improve prison conditions?

2.  What made you want to work in your prison's library? Tell your story.

3.  How big of a percentage of your prison reads regularly?

4.  What are some things you wish outsiders knew about prison libraries?

5. Tell me any stories/experiences of your prison library enriching or bettering someone's life? 




 Granted, it is not high on my list of important government reform. It would be a future goal, to keep the state totally out of speech laws. 




 First, I am not naive enough to assume that a world of total liberty will be perfect. There will be injustice. But there is injustice now! I believe there would be less injustice if people were more free. 


Libertarianism is not a solution, it is an alternative. An alternative which I believe to be the best alternative with the least amount of oppression. There is no possible way to eliminate all badness in the world. 

I think people have generally done a good job in the past looking to outside sources to make informed consumer decisions. Sure, there are dumb consumers who just buy things for their logo, but there are a lot more people to use information to become a knowledgeable consumer. 




 Fight terrorist morons. 


I also volunteer at my local library.


 




 I think in the absence of such laws, we would see consumer watchdog agencies spring up which can effectually combat such a thing. The business owner who felt slandered could ask the watchdog group look into the matter, the watchdogs would then release info stating that the product was actually quite legal and the owner of the other business was lying. At which point the other business would lose profit because of their dishonesty and dirty marketing. And the slandered business would likeley gain more business.


I still do not see such a scenario as terribly realistic. Businesses are not able to steal tons of business from competitors by spewing ungrounded claims. Such claims are easily researched, and tend to be horrible for business once the truth comes out.

It is not as if we do not have businesses lying about other businesses today. And watchdog groups generally do a pretty good job exposing slanderous claims.


The reason I am against slander/libel laws is because speech is terribly subjective. There is not an objective standard. You could claim any number of things were scandalous. I could be telling the truth about your product, and you cover it up so well that I end up getting sued and lose all credibility while you continue with your harmful product. 




 If I am not on your property, you have no say on my actions. Ideally there would be no public roads, they would be privatozed, and such matters could be settled through the market. You could buy shares in the road you live on, and establish conditions for the use of that road. 




 If I am on your property, you can decide what I say.

If I am on my property, I can say what I want when I want. 

In a truly ancap society, there would be no public property. In our current society, I would advocate for zero regulation of speech on public property. If you do not want me speaking on your private property, ban me from your property  




 My answer would be that it is not the state's responsibility to regulate these things. So no.

If you slander or commit libel, there will arise a counterbalance to your speech. An example of this is the internet. The internet is unregulated generally, and there are many false internet myths, and slanderous statements about people. Organizations like snopes have arisen to prove these myths false. That is how libertarians would like to see society function.

Just because speech is free from government intervention, does not mean it is free from blowback. For examlle, if I owned a theatre, I would likely make it a rule that false claims  of fire or disaster are punishable by a permanent ban from the premises. I do not think the "crying fire in a theatre" example is really valid, because it is so unlikely. Such a thing would never happen. And of someone did yell fire, I do not believe people would go screaming for the door with no proof. 



TL;DR;  we want no regulation of speech at all. 




 As a libertarian, I disagree. I do not believe in any regulation of speech. 


Libertarianism is radical like that. 




 What is not true? I explained ot depends on whose perspective the answer is coming from.

As a libertarian, my answer is totally correct. 




 It refers to being able to say, write, or communicate anything you want without censorship or blowback from the government. It does not mean people have to listen to you, or accept your ideas. Ultimately it depends on whose perspective you are coming from.

As a libertarian I believe all speech should be totay free from government regulation. You should be able to say anything and everything you want, whenever you want, without the government stopping you.  




 1. This American Life -An NPR show hosted by Ira Glass. He explores stories on a variety of subjects. Always interesting, unbiased, and colorful.

2. Invisibilia. The first episode just came out. It is an NPR podcast dealing with invisible things like thoughts, morals, beliefs, and the like. Very interesting.

3. Stuff you should know - basically ELI5 in a podcast format. Dealing with everything from freemasonry to communism to Tesla.

4. Planet Money - NPR podcast exploring stories with an economic backdrop. Way more interesting than your typical business news show though.

5. The Tom Woods Show - Libertarian talk show exploring social and political issues.

6. Otherppl- host Brad Listi chats with various authors, poets, and essayists.

7. Evil Librarians- hosts interview various librarians about their library, their job, literacy, and literacy related issues.

8. The Art of Manliness Podcast- discussing a whole host of mens issues from a traditional perspective.



Those are my go to podcasts. Hope you find something you like. 




 Awesome! That sounds like an incredible place. 




 I thought Finn's apartment was a perfect description of my dream house.

Also, the characters were so alive, and different! 




 What is the atmosphere like?

What is the staff like?

What makes your bookshop unique?

 




 I agree! I dunno why this is getting downvoted so much. I thought it was spectacular! 




 You did not really give an option for libertarians on your spectrum. We do not fit on the traditional right wing/left wing spectrum. We support total social liberty (drug legalization, open borders, marriage equality) but also economic liberty (end of welfare, abolishment of the Fed, totally free markets, no nationalized healthcare etc). 




 I am a sabbatarian Christian. I believe Sunday is the Sabbath, the Lord's Day. All confessional Presbyterians are sabbatarians.

This [essay](http://www.biblebb.com/files/edwards/sabbath.htm) by Jonathen Edwards is a good introduction to why we believe the day has changed to the first day of the week. 









 Grew up a Southern Baptist. After studying scriptures, and tons of reading, the stance that seemed most biblical to me was the confessional Presbyterian stance. I joined the OPC because they are biblically faithful, strictly confessional, firm adherents of the RPW and traditional Reformed thought.

It started when I accepted the Calvinist soteriological position. After that, I came to a covenant paedobaptist stance on baptism. After that, the more minor things fell into place. 









 I am looking for books about expats, especially expats living in Europe. Anywhere from lost generation era expats to modern day expats. 




 They are not necessarily "accepted", but the right to make those jokes is.

I believe all discriminatory jokes are tasteless, but folks should be allowed to make any jokes they want, because free speech is a human right. 




 Looking for any documentary about the Lost Generation expats in France. Especially something that explores the places they spent time at in the modern day. 




 I definitely think Greenwald is the most influential journalist of our time. I wish all of them had his courage. 




 Ira Glass, host of This American Life.

He is pretty unbiased and respectful.  




 American media is absolutely awful. There are very few respectable journalists left. 

Who do you think is the best journalist today? 




 They are not really "special agents". Not like NCIS or the FBI or anything. The enlisted guys mostly spend their time busting soldiers with drugs, or catching soldiers hanging out in prohibited areas.

No CSI shit going on. No secret agent stuff either.

I am sure CID units have barracks. If not, they probably share barracks with other MP's. 




 Yes. Capital punishment is not high on my list of priorities for criminal justice reform.

I think it is right, but first we need to reform the way our system operates. 




 Look for references to the Odyssey.  




 We should fix our system. There should be overwhelming evidence before we put someone to death.

Unfortunately, the U.S. justice system is not one predisposed to fairness. 




 Because we believe the price for killing innocent blood is the forfeiture of your own life.

We also believe fetus's are humans. We believe killing them is murder.  




 ESV. 

I like the folks who translated it.  




 I honestly never think about what other men masturbate to. Ever. Do what you want. 




 Well you have quite an unorthodox understanding of Holy Scripture.

Obviously we cannot discuss this further, because I believe all of scripture is inspired and the absolute Word of God.  




 I believe the words of Paul in scripture are the Word of God (the orthodox explanation of inspiration). I place equal weight behind the words of Paul in scripture and the words of Christ.  




 I almost missed it. It is reay vague 




 And Paul explained quite clearly that all Israel is not Israel. That circumcision is of no avail in Christ. 




 Yeah, she says it near the end. She does not explain it well. 




 I think you misread my comment.


I said I do not believe you have to be Presbyterian to be a member of the Church. 




 I am OPC. We are a lot more old school. 




 No, the promises are for all of Christ's elect. The Chuch, spanning many denominations.


They have no Presbyterian flair, or I would choose it. 




 Because little one, if I explained every answer like you were actually five, it would be condescending (which means answering you like I am much more important than you). You would probably feel a little looked down upon.

Sometimes people use figures of speech to get their point across better. In this subreddit, when someone asks us to explain like they are five, we take it to mean explain in a very simple and easy to understand way.

Does that explain it little one, or do I need to explain it better? 




 A girl coming of age in the 80's. Her uncle (who she has a childish crush on) is gay, and has AIDs, and she struggles to come to terms with what that mea a. 




 I see now, sorry.

 




 What did you think? 

I absolutely loved Finn. I loved every second of it! 




 It is possible, but not likely in my opinion. It is impossible to make a definitive judgement on the issue. His actions were indicative of regret, but not necessarily repentance. Anything is possible though. 




 Again, modern Judaism and OT Judaism are radically different. 

By rejecting the Messiah, Jews are equally as lost as Muslims.  




 Yes, but we *are* Israel. I (along with historic Christianity) believe all of the promises to Israel were for the Church, not ethnic Israel. 




 This.  




 This is true. This was pretty shocking to me when I heard about it. 

As a confessional Presbyterian, we are pretty adament about believing the covenant promises belong to the church. 




 No. Everyone has their thing. As long as I was comfortable with her, committed, and had already created a safe environment between us, I would be ok. 




 Several. My two most notable are;

1. My Grandfather- A welder at a shipyard. Hard working, never complains, gentle and quiet.

2. My old English professor - now semiretired on his sheep ranch. Allowed me to work on his ranch while I was in college and payed me 9 dollars an hour. Taught me hard work, gentleness, patience, and gave me an example to emulate.

 




 Have you seen any wars?

I have. And I would dispute this. 




 Just OP trying to take a political cheap shot through an unrelated sub. 




 I already said we should stick up for all humans in my OP. We should defend and support all himans whether they are Buddist, Jewish, Muslims or anything else.


My point was that it seem some Christians (especially in America) have an elevated regard for Judaism, and a disrespectful attitude towards Muslims. 




 Christianity depends on OT Judaism for its legitimacy, not modern Judaism. There is no theological kinship between modern Judaism and Christianity IMHO. 




 Perhaps.. I have noticed it tends to be the American right wing evangelicals who fit into the mold I described. 




 So war against Palestine (resulting in the deaths of many civilians) is somehow different? 




 Keep your head down. Do not stand out. Do not be an individual.

You will be fine.  




 Especially in light of the Charlie Hebdo tragedy, a ton of Christians I know are showing solidarity with the Jews of France, while saying nothing (or saying derogatory things) about the Muslims of France... 

In my opinion, both religions are equally false. **But from a human standpoint, we should stand against all injustice and demographically oriented oppression.** I agree with neither Muslims or Jews on theological points. Neither religion carries more weight in my book...But many Christians seem to blindly accept all Jews as brothers, and label all Muslims as bloodthirsty heretics..

Anyone else wanna weigh in on this?

(EDIT; Emphasis added, because apparantly my point was not clear.) 




 They were saying if Ralph Nader had been elected 9/11 never would have happened. 

The joke was that the terrorists would have been too busy watching pigs fly to attack on 9/11. (Joke about the improbability of Nader's election).  




 This. If you have a good tobacconist in your area, they would be more than happy to introduce you to the world of tobacco. 




 My favorite artist is Jamey Johnson. 




 His word has resonated in my soul as truth, for one. Nature also declares his glory. I believe faith is a gift from God, therefore I would ultimately answer your question by saying I believe in him because he has enabled me to. 




 Because I believe I deserve the death penalty for my sin, but Christ died as a substitute in my place, and has allowed me to claim his righteousness while claiming my sinfulness. 




 Just tell them thanks for their support. No need to be an asshat about it, let them feel like they are doing something.

I go out of my way to thank teachers and librarians. Shake their hands or bring them thank you cards. Try to thank someone who is a worldchanger. 




 Outstanding. That soldier deserves an ARCOM. 




 They are so two sided. Sure, they will stand with Charlie Hebdo for freedom of speech, while simultaneously putting speech in shackles.

Ah the parodoxy of Statism. 




 As a Christian I will explain the orthodox Christian response.

No one made God. He has always been. He exists outside our concepts of beginning and end. He is seperate from our world and how our world operates. He is without beginning or end. 




 They are not always.

For example, many Haitian-Americans are adamantly opposed to being called African-Americans because doing so trivializes the distinction of their culture. They are not African. 

Basically it comes down to ignorance. We do not put enough thought into the titlea we use for other people, forgetting that titles carry meaning.  




 For one, Paris is a developed peaceful society. Pakistan is by no means a peaceful society. Pakistan is a haven for radicals, so it really is not that surprising when those radicals act like radicals. Mix a whole bunch of corrupt and bloodthirsty extremists into a society, and you are bound to have massacre. Paris is not a haven for radicals. It is surprising when attacks fall on free soil. 




 I really want to join a local bookclub. I do not really have any real life bookish friends. That being said, I have only found one in my area. I had some questions about book club.

1. The book club, as far as I know, is 100 percent female. That is not a problem. I am just curious, would it be kind of awkward for one married man to join a book club full of married ladies?

2. For those of you in book clubs; how has actively participating in the book club enhanced your reading experience?

 




 Ah, I was just curious 




 NTC is no big deal. Not really a factor in whether I would stay in or not. It's not like it's a deployment...

I have gone to either JRTC or NTC every year I have been in.

Also, if you are a 15E why do you have LT flair? 




 Always a bad idea. 




 I think this question is best answered by question one of the Westminster Larger Catechism;

**Q. What is the chief and highest end of man?**
   *A. Man's chief and highest end is to glorify God, and fully to enjoy him forever.*

Our purpose now after sin, is the same as Adam's was before sin. To glorify our Creator and King. 




 I use a poncho. I like the minimalist thing. 




 I do not believe that a noncelibate homosexual lifestyle is ok. No member of my denomination would perform a same sex union.

That being said, I think the state should stay out of it, so I am all for legalizing it. Just because it violates my moral code does not mean others cannot live it. 




 Well, I am a libertarian. I am all for libraries, but do not think they should be funded by the state. They can (and have) been effectively funded privately. 

But I agree about your assessment of our education system. I was unschooled as a kid, kind of a montessori homeschool, and it worked very well for me. I do not think one size fits all education helpa anyone. 




 Yeah, I have a hard time wrestling with a bit of jadedness about the war. I am sure any vet has experienced that stuff. 




 Right now snapchat had been building it's user base. They are about to expand, something called "snapchat discovery", which will feature videos, articles, etc in the same format as the current peer to peer sharing is.

Basically, up to this point they have just been investing to get snapchat big enough and popular enough, that when they do start using it to make money, the user base is big enough. 




 No I have not.

If I did, I am quite sure I would regret it.  




 Duly noted and revised. 




 Exactly. I know a lot of folks who are so conflicted because they haven't "seen" God, or had some kind of experience.

I am just here to say, I have never had an experience. I just believe. Just like I believe Mars exists because of the photographs I have seen. I have never been on Mars. I do not know anyone who has been on Mars, but I believe it to be just as the photographs depict it. I believe God to be true because his word has resonated in my heart as truth (his word is after all a photograph of himself). It does not make sense, it just is. 
























 Through the scriptures. They resonated with me in a way that was only explainable as Divine. Their truth grappled with my heart and left my walls of excuse broken. 




 Because he has enabled me to. Salvation was all his work, I had no part in it. He awakened my heart and drew me to himself. I could never have been "convinced", it was all his doing.

 




 Yes, absolutely brilliant.

Blood Meridian is my favorite. 




 *All the pretty horses* by Cormac Mccarthy 




 Get involved in a community organization. Seriously, you would be surprised how many friends you make by volunteering.  




 Kind of. Except I could be a hippie with a beard and nobody would care.

Plus, highschoolers might be actually smarter than Army privates. 




 1. More time with my family. I am ready to plant roots in the north Alabama hills, buy a little land, get some chickens and sheep, get involved in my community,never move away again.

2. I just got tired of the Army running every aspect of my life. I understand it, I don't hate it, I just am ready to move past it.

3. No. 

4. Yes, I have a railroad job lined up and I am going to use my G.I. Bill to go back to school at UAB, get my teacher certification, and teach some high school kids. 




 Anything by Sondre Lerche. 




 Obviously this is a subjective question.

I don't believe the point of religion is "getting back to God" or "helping your fellow man", though those are two admirable things.

I believe the point of religion is to properly serve our Creator according to His holy Law. It is not about a unification of consciousness or altruism, it is about complete obedience to our Sovereign King. 

 




 I meant to say state action in the marketplace. My mistake.

Because I believe I should be allowed to work for however much or little I want. If I choose to accept conditions below minimum wage, that is my business. I have in the past worked for low wages, and would again. I don't like the state telling me what I must work for. I also don't like the state pretending to be my nanny. I believe as an individual I have the right to agree to any contract I want. It is not the state's business what I choose to work for. 

If a union wants to argue with an employer about wages, that is their business. I don't care what they do. Everyone in that union has the right to free association, and if they can strike or whatever to get the employer to agfee to their contract that is all fine. I don't believe it is ever the state's job to intervene though. The state should enforce contracts, not make contract demands. It is the individual's (or group of individuals') responsibility and right to make any contract they are willing to agree to.

Since I believe life begins af conception, I believe abortion is an act of aggression against a human life, which I would never support under any circumstance. Violence should only be used in defense and never aggression.

I am a libertarian laissez faire capitalist. I believe the markets should be free from state control. I did not come here to egg on a political discussion though, that was not the intent of my OP. 




 Well I am not a union member, and won't ever be.

My question was not about a personal curcumstance though.

In some states it is nearly impossible to work in the blue-collar career you are skilled in without joining a union.

I have nothing against the idea of unions, I think everyone should be allowed to associate with whomever he or she chooses. I just do not know of any unions that operate from my perspective, and I would not want to join an organization that runs counter to my ethos. 




 Well thanks for your explanation, I appreciate your perspective. 




 For example, if a union decided to strike for employers to provide birth control coverage to employees, including abortion, I would be against the morality of those benefits.

Since I am also against minimum wage laws, I would not strike to raise minimum wage. 

Since I believe state action is immoral, I would not strike to enact state change. 




 Hmmm, we didn't. We shot slick for familiarization, but not qual. 




 You win.

Pushing now.

Climb to glory. 




 We are hot shit. 

Do pushups. 




 Weird..  




 You did not do it in basic and AIT? 




 How are you in the Army and now is your first time shooting in an IOTV? 




 I can understand your reasoning. I am not in a union job, but I am in a job that requires me to be in an organization where we actively lay our lives down for the guy to our left and right. I understand being a part of an organization that is equatable to family, the reason for the OP is just me trying to get my head around one thing ( I am honestly not trying to say this like a jerk)

My brothers woukd never ask me to stop working under threat of eviction from the organization, even though our benefits and workplace can be crappy as well. I just cannot understand being forced to participate in that because an organization has a monopoly on that trade. 




 I agree with what you are saying. Unions are important, and I am all for people joining unions. The area about this issue I am curious about is what does one do if they are in a state where they have to join a union to work a specific job? They cannot leave the union unless they want to lose their job, move, or face legal action, yet they disagree with the strike issues?


 




 *Lone Survivor* and *American Sniper* are the only two I have read. They were ok. I have been to Afghanistan, and approaching them with firsthand experience gave me a bit more appreciation than I might have before.

I would not place it on a top ten military books list.


My personal favorite is *We Were Soldiers Once, and Young* by Hal Moore. 




 What if I disagree with the union about the morality of the benefits rhey represent? 




 But in a non-right to work state, would I have to quit my job? 




 What happens if my union is on strike, and I disagree and refuse to strike, and instead go to work? I am especially curious how this works in a job where union membership is mandatory? 




 What happens if my union is on strike, and I disagree and refuse to strike, and instead go to work? I am especially curious how this works in a job where union membership is mandatory? 




 Probably just a publisher misprint. 




 "Bubba".

My little sister could not properly say "brother". It stuck. 




 There are several reasons

1. Because Jesus Christ is fully God, and we are forbidden from making images of God.

2. Because it is impossible for finite men to draw one Person with two natures ... the picture will be heretical.

3. Because Jesus Christ has ascended with a glorified body. We have no way of picturing the Risen Christ.

4. Any picture of Jesus we make will be a fashioning of his appearance by us, not as God revealed, for we don't know what Jesus looked like.

5. You need to contemplate God to draw Him, and we can't contemplate without owing worship. So, we either fail to revere God or we worship Him by image.

6. Because God is spirit, and this cannot be captured by a picture. 




 There is no wiggle room. In relation to your first quote, we consider the standards *goodband necessarily deduced from scripture.*.

Your second quote proves my point. It says that the circumstances regarding the worship and order of God's church *according to the general rules of the Word, which are always to be observed*

Read section XXI. That is where the RPW is explicitly stated thusly

T*he acceptable way of worshipping the true God is instituted by Himself, and so limited by His own revealed will, that He may not be worshipped according to the imaginations and devices of men, or the suggestions of Satan, under any visible representation, or any other way not prescribed in the holy Scripture.*
 




 I did not mean we don't need any recruits. 

I meant it in the sense thst we are not lacking in possible recruits. There are a thousand others who will join anyways, without tattoos, and the Army is still cutting.

My point; this is a garrison Army. We aren't fighting OEF and OIF anymore. They have no interest in loosening up the rules. 




 I would not say more... or less.. I like spending time with people based on many attributes, whether they are gay or straight has no relevence on how relaxed I would be.

I know gay people who are obnoxious as hell.

I know straight people who are obnoxious as hell.

I know gay people who are mature andi enjoy being around.

I know straight people who are mature and I enjoy being around. 




 It doesn't matter if it is religious patriotic etc. If your tattoo below your elbow is larger than your hand, you are out.

Do you think the military really needa recruits? They are cutting our numbers all the time. We don't need recruits badly. So no, they are not going to be lax on tattoos. If anything, they are only going to get stricter. 




 Sometimes we have stained glass as an aesthetic thing, but they never have images of Christ. Usually they are landscapes or some other artistic design. 

We sing only Psalms in worship, our ministers usually wear black Geneva gowns 




 Because I believe there is no biblical precedent for seeking God through images. Also I believe the Law still demands us to refrain from any images in our worship.

 




 Morality is determined by obedience to God. My fsith defines morality by God's law.

It is very human to define morality by how we relate to other humans. God demands us to judge our morality by our relationship with him. 




 Both.

I believe it is a mockery and is disrespectful to Christ. The example of portraying Christ as a white man is one example. It is also blatant disrespect to assume that sinful man can even come close to depicting a perfect God.

It is also morally wrong in the sense that God, in Holy Scripture, directly forbids it. Therefore it is a direct act of mutiny against His holy law.  




 Both. It saddens me to see Him disrespected in a way that he specifically forbid us to do. It also saddens me to see folks overlook the seriousness of this action, and saddens me for their wellbeing.

I don't think this is a "heaven or hell" issue. One can be a Christian and still break the second commandment, but that does not mean it carries no rebuke. 




 Yes, we do take a sola scriptura view of scripture. 

I understand the theological justification behind iconography, but we reject it.

No, I do not think you are going to hell. I imagine we disagree on a good many things though. 




 It upsets me at all times, I believe it to be very wrong.

If you are asking if it angers me in a way similar to the Charlie Hebdo incident angered some extremists... absolutely not. I would never take aggresive violent action because of such a thing.

I do believe it is morally wrong, and folks who participate in it will have to answer to God for it. If it happened within my denomination I would bring the issue before our leadership and expect disciplinary action. 




 Some of us do.

I am a Reformed Presbyterian. It is **strictly** forbidden in our denomination. We do not allow images of any person of the Godhead in any scenario, ever. 

Not in our homes, not in our church, not on our facebook page, never  




 Exactly.

Having a contract forced upon you without the option to determine your own contract rules is slavery. 




 It also violates the concept of free association.

Free individuals choose their contracts, servants have their contracts forced upon them 




 Our church name is a decriptor that refers to our form of government.

We do not believe the Westminster Standards are extrabiblical. They introduce no new doctrine. Every point of the Standards is from scripture. They are simply a concise and homogenous guide to explain Scripture.

We are so strict on them to prevent division. If you want to have your own varied views on scripturex go ahead, but to be a Presbyterian you have to agree with our standards totally. If a church or elder in our presbytery wants to stop being Calvinists, or refute paedobaptism, or teach something different than the standards, we have grounds for discipline. It is easy and simple.   




 Yes. We are strictly bound by the Book of Church Order with regards to those things. The BCO operates with the Regulative Principle as it's foundation. We do not operate congregationally, we have a plurality of elders because we believe that is the example of scripture, there is no other option. There is only one way we do things. We have a presbytery with authority to exercise oversight over local churches because we see that in scripture.

 




 It is a revolving line of funding from Congress given to veterans as repayment for their service. I am not getting benefits just because I am a human and "deserve" it. I am getting those benefits because I am contractually entitled to those benefits.

If I agree to exchange my service for "X" product, and itbis included in a contract, after my service is completed I am entitled to that product. That is the premises of free trade. 

I defend freedom. I do not defend anyone being "owed" anything just because they are human.  




 That applies specifically to worship. The Sabbath is the Lord's day and we believe in only worshipping him his way on the Lord's day.

We do believe there are many areas left to Christian liberty in private life (alcohol, smoking, etc) 




 By we, I mean all EP Reformed Presbyterians. I can speak for all Exlusive Psalmody Presbyterians because we have very strict confessions which we subscribe to. We do not allow deviation from the Westminster Standards. 

All of us believe exactly the same on everything in the confession. We do not believe in individual interpretation. 

Some confessional presbyterians deviate very slightly from exclusive psalmody and allow hymns as well. Nonetheless, even they would be *very* strict about what is allowed in worship.

We do not use instruments in worship. There is some debate about the use of instruments within the RP camp, but my particular group does not.



 




 Yes.

We believe the state has no say in marriage.

Your religion is free to define marriage however they like, but they cannot force those beliefs on others.

So we believe the Catholic church has the right to not define same sex marriages as valid in their religion, but they cannot stop unitarians from marrying the same sex. 

 




 We believe that verse us referring to various *kinds* of Psalms (i.e. Psalms, Psalms of adoration, and Spiritual Psalms.)

The fundamental issue that guides our view of worship is the Regulative Principle of Worship. We believe if Scripture does not command something in worship, it is forbidden. 




 Libertaran here.

I would not say Pres. Obama is a socialist, he is a progressive democrat. 

We disagree on the role of the state. We believe the markets should be free, and nobody should be forced to pay for other's welfare. We believe welfare should be accomplished through voluntary association (i.e. charity, relgious organizations, and non-profits.) We believe the state should not force contracts on people. It is up to each individual to negotiate and decide what contract he is willing to work for (or join a union voluntarily to band together to bargain collectively). 

There are some things I do agree with progressives on. For example, open borders, drug legalization, marriage equality etc.

Libertarians and Republicans are *nowhere* near alike.  




 I never once said homosexuality was worse than other sins.

I did say that living in blatant sin (in any area) is not a mark of a true Christian. 




 I earned my college and my paycheck because they were both part of the wages in the contract I agreed to. It was not given to me. I gave services in exchange for thst G.I. bill, as it was stated in my contract. In my contract it specifically said I would give my services in exchange for both a monetary wage and other benefits, including a G.I. Bill, 

It was not a gift, it was income for my services.

You paid for my college because I worked a job to defend you. Your tax money did not give me anything that I did not earn. 




 There is no such thing as a free lunch. The money will come from taxpayer pockets. 

As a veteran, I worked hard to *earn* my college benefits. I put blood, sweat, and tears into my job so that I could go to college on the government's dime. Now we just wanna give that to every kid on the street... It devalues what I worked so hard for. 

If you want to go to college, you have to earn it. Through the military, through academic application, through employment programs, through any way you can. I am not of the breed of folks who believes you deserve free college just because you can eat, sleep, and piss. 
 




 I am not a Republican so I can not attest to every motive of theirs.

I disagree with them on a good many things, including immigration, drugs, gay marriage, etc. 

 




 That has nothing to do with it. 

The point is that I, and many others like me, just want to be left alone. We do not want anyone making our decisions for us (good or bad). I own myself. I work for what I choose.

I would argue that viewing the government as a benevolent organization that only wishes you good is a very uninformed and foolish way to view the world. 

It has nothing to do with the government being out to get me. It is the fact that they will not allow me to make my own decisions. They won't let me decide what is best for me. The state is not my mommy. I can choose for myself.  




 I believe in bettering the world we live in through voluntary action and free choice, not through the government trying to do it through force.

What kind of world would it be if the government told me what I was allowed to work for? Am I not an individual? Why should they force me to accept their conditions? I want nothing to do with them, yet they are going to force me to work for 7 paid sick days, thus removing yet one more thing that might distiguish me from other job applicants.

I say leave me the hell alone. What benefits I choose to work for is none of their damn business. If someone else wants 7 paid sick days, 15 dollars an hour, etc, they can go find that job. If I am willing to work for less, with no sick days, why shouldn't I be allowed to? 




 The point is we do not believe it is the state's job to demand what an employer and employee agree to in a contract. 

We like the government out of our business. I don't want them making my employer give me days ofd, I don't want them telling me what benefits I have to work for. It is my business and my business alone what contract I choose to accept.

Perhaps agreeing to work for less sick days makes me more marketable to employers? I am willing to work for zero paid sick days if it makes me more competetive in the job market. 




 They are against the government forcing businesses to give folks sick 7 days of leave.

As a Libertarian, I am against this too.

 




 He is speaking to the combined houses of Senate and Congress.

He is basically giving them an assessment of the current "state" of the "union" (United States).

Traditionally it was a way for the President to report to the legislative branch ow the nation was doing.  




 More Psalms.

We only use Psalms in corporate worship. So in a corporate worship context, all other types of music are irrelevent to me.

Other types of Christian music are nice for the car though.  Take notes from Red Mountain Music and the Gatsbys. 




 Neither.

It leans communistic still, but the markets are not totslly stste controlled. There is some competition and freedom allowed.

They are a mixed system, just like pretty much every other nation's economic system in one way or another. 




 [Here is a link for you](http://travel.state.gov/content/passports/english/passports/information/where-to-apply.html) 




 If you are celibate, then yes.

If you are engaging in sexual relations with the same sex... Maybe. Let me explain. 

Christians can sin. If you are a Christian, and are attracted to the same sex, and slip and have sexual relations, you do not lose your salvaion or anything. 

If you are living a life of outright noncelibate same sex relations, that is not an indicator of discipleship. True disciples do not live in blatant sin for extended periods of time.

I take the traditional and orthodox stance that same sex relations are a sexual sin, just like adultery, lust, sex outside of marriage etc. A Christian can slip and be involved in any of those sins. A Christian cannot live a life of blatant disobedience in any of those areas for an extended period of time. 




 I have seen the term thrown around a bit, but I have no clue what it means. Can someone break it down for me? Also, is there any divide between traditional libertarian thought and paleolibertarian thought? 




 Ah. I would venture to say they fit into the latter category. 

Probably not, as long as you don't challege their prosperity gospel. 




 I would like to see myself owning several acres of property, operating a little farm. I would love to be surrounded by children and grandchildren. I cannot wait to see how much more I love my wife the older I get. I am gonna be a cardigan wearing, pipe-smoking, scotch drinking old veteran. (I know this because I am a cardigan wearing, pipe-smoking, scotch drinking *young* veteran). I would like to be well travelled. I would like to continue my travels as an old man, with my wife.  




 Where do you see yourself as an old man? Just curious if any of y'all ever think about this? 




 Depends. 

In a few pentecostal type churches they have bishops in the traditional diocesian sense.

Oftentimes they see the word bishop as interchangable with elder or pastor. Many times they are ordained by their denomination.

Others are ordained by no one. Oftentimes these are the ones who open up their own "worldwide ministries" operating as entrepreneurs peddling Christendom to whoever they can. 




 Neither, I am a Libertarian. 

Because I believe in social *and* economic liberty. 




 You are right about that! Those days are over too. I just picked up my 5. Now I am the private of thr NCO corps. 




 Absolutely. I took full advantage of my private status. 

Now those days are gone and when I get in trouble, i can no longer say "I'm a private" as an explanation. 




 In 1 Cor. 7 verse 12 and on Paul says that a husband/wife who is married to a non-believer should not seperate from them. 

The fundamental principle would apply in your scenario as well. 




 For example Russian Orthodox, Antiochian Orthodox, Oriental Orthodox, Greek Orthdox etc. From what I understand they are merely cultural divisions, but what actually makes these variants unique from each other? Also, in the US do Russian, Greek, and Oriental Orthdox churches all follow under the OCA? 




 Best news sources I would recommend.

Reuters.

BBC.

NPR

 




 The seventh day was not a day spent creating anything. The world was complete by the end of the sixth day. The seventh was the day of rest, the initiation of the Sabbath pattern. 




 This. 




 I like it. I will soon be transitioning from my current career into another.

I love stability. I love knowing where I am going, and seeing myself move from a kid with no skills to a grown man moving in a bright direction. 




 I will refer you to my confession. 

[Article IV of the WCF](http://www.reformed.org/documents/wcf_with_proofs/index.html?body=/documents/wcf_with_proofs/ch_IV.html) I believe in a literal six day creation. 




 Good. Not LHBC Milk Stout Nitro, but enjoyable nonetheless. 




 Our view is the same view Calvin adhered to about Sola Scriptura. It has historical precedent. 




 Again, we are not participating in any worship. We are enjoying a cultural holiday with neutered cultural symbols. Culture determines what symbols relate to false gods. Nobody in our culture associates anything on these holidays with pagan gods (except fringe groups)
 




 Reformed Presbyterian here.

We don't believe you can come to God any way exceot through the word revealed in Scriptures. The Scriptures are the only revealed word of God. The Scriptures are the complete word of God. There is no other revelation at all. Since we are staunch adherents to the RPW, we allow nothing j  worship that is not commanded in Scripture. No outside traditions. No images, no human written songs (I am Exclusive Psalmody), no church calender etc. 

That is what we mean by Sola Scriptura. It is not that the Scruptures are the highest revelation of God among many, we beleieve the Scriptures are the **only** revelation of God at all. (In an immanent sense). 




 Obviously the LOTR. 

I liked the Elven appearances in *Jonathan Strange and Mr. Norell* by Susanna Clarke 




 The Name of the Wind series by Patrick Rothfuss

The Mistborn series by Brandon Sanderson.

The Boneshaker Series by Cherie Priest.

The Leviathan series by Scott Westerfeld 




 If I use thst logic I should not use regular names for days (Sunday, Monday, Tuesday etc), or teach my children the names of planets (Mars, Jupiter), or hve them read any litersture besides Scripture..

Paul was very schooled in the Pagan Greek poets, and Greek philosophy and rhetoric. He was familiar with the Olympic sports (hardly a Christian institution). There is value to culture and cultural identity. We do not allow that cultural heritage to influence our worship. 

See Paul's argument for food offered to idols in 1 Cor 8. I would place cultural celebrations in this category.  




 Reformed Presbyterian here.

We acknowledge the paganistic core of these holidays, and therefore do not acknowledge them as Christian. If you go to our churches on Easter Sunday or the Sunday after Christmas, it will be no different than any other Sunday.

Usually we celebrate them as fun cultural holidays, but we place *zero* religious significance in them.

I cannot speak for the rest of Christendom.


**Edit;** Also, we don't use holy water, symbols, images, or any other such thing in worship.  




 [The Road to Middle-Earth; how J.R.R. Tolkien created a new mythology](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/564204.The_Road_to_Middle_Earth?from_search=true) by Tom Shippey


He assesses the influences and themes of Tolkien's mythology, noting especially the philiological themes of the works. 




 Because cars were a status symbol. 

Today just about everyone has cars. If I took a picture to prove I had a car, you would not care. I think you already assume I have a car.  




 I am a Reformed Presbyterian looking to better understand EO history and thought? Can someonr recommend some good introductory (but not dumbed down) books to the EO world? 




 I listened to that article on NPR, and I think it is one of the best standalone stories supporting prison libraries. That is actually wht got me searching for information on prison libraries (which led me to the NYT article). 




 I am sorry, it was my misunderstanding. 




 My wife and I are set on homeschooling our children. Can y'all recommend some books about homeschooling? I am looking for anything about why you should homeschool, how to start homeschooling, any of your favorite books dealing with the subject.

I would also appreciate some memoirs of folks who did homeschooling/were homeschooled. 




 Yes, the PCA holds to the Canons of Dordt. (TULIP).

They are staunchly Calvinists. 




 Depends on which Presbyterian Church. 

The PCUSA is pretty liberal. There are a few conservatives left. 

The PCA and OPC are the largest confessional denominations. They are strict calvinists. 




 Cool, I was there too

March 2011- March 2012

November 2013- July 2014 




 Yeah, not a sports guy either. I have better things to do with my time. 




 Which conflict? 




 I am gonna have a glass after dinner. It was recommended by my (very knowledgable) local beer guy. I am a *huge* fan of stouts. So far Left-Handed Milk Stout Nitro is my very favorite beer. 

What do y'all think of Bell's? Where does it fit on the stout spectrum? 




 Yup. I think there is a big difference between healthy assertiveness/confidence and alpha-male overcompensation. 




 For myself, I would say yes. 

I work a manual job (the military), keep my hair short, dress very old school, enjoy mostly masculine type hobbies (wood working, hunting, fishing etc). I tend to be *very* conservative in my behavior (not exactly in my politics though).

I also like cooking, and do my share of the cleaning, but I don't see those as feminine exlusive activities. 




 Basically, would you say your definition of masculinity/male roles is traditional or not? Do you fit into the traditional parameters of masculinity or not?

I am *not* asking whether you think all men should be restricted to traditional gender roles, I am just curious in what ways you personally fit into traditional masculinity, and what ways you do not. 




 I dunno. I have never been that kind of guy. I don't put my hands on other dudes, don't hug other dudes, and don't pretend flirt with other dudes. 




 They tear you down as a human being. The point is to root out all individuality. You no longer own yourself. You are not unique. You do not do what you want. Your life belongs to your brothers. 

Then they build you back up. They give you a new identity as a team member, a uniformed person who has voluntarily surrendered all selfexpression in order to live a lifestyle of absolute conformity. 




 I am definitely not opposed to reading it. I enjoy reading many things outside my perspective. 




 So you support the release of the Guantanamo Bay inmates but oppose free exchange of ideas for them? Interesting. How do you reconcile those two things?


I also support the closing of Gitmo, but I was just curious if in the meantime, y'all found the library important? 




 Not just my congregation. This issue is fundamental to Reformes Presbyterians throughout history. Calvin, Knox, the Westminster Divines, the Covenanters, all saw this as a first tier issue. 

My entire historical line is one if Penal Substitutionary Atonement advocates.
 




 Mead is closer to wine than beer. 




 My church would disagree. This is an issue we see as fundamental to Christian fellowship. A first tier issue. 




 Yes, it is changing. I was just explaining why such a divide has existed in the past. 




 A lot of it is culture. In American culture, beer has been associated with masculinity, especially blue collar masculinity. In the past it was frowned upon for women to drink beer. 

 




 I don't think they are heretics. That is a strong word. It refers to the denial of some fundamental doctrine of the Christian faith (i.e. the Trinity, Divinity of Christ, Substitutionary atonement etc)

I don't approve of many of their songs being used in worship, since I am a staunch advocate of the RPW. 




 For example, why is Pluto a typical dog, while Goofy is an anthropomorphic dog? 

 




 The war is no longer active, for one. It is officially over. OEF is over.

Of course you might have to do hard things. That's life. There is no free lunch. Vets sometimes understand that better.

The payoff is better than any other option though. No debt, a good resume, attractive employment qualities..  




 Not to mention you will actually be headed to college with an extensive resume and real world skills. Your chances of employment after college will be way above your peers. 




 Join the Army. That is what I did. Post 9/11 GI bill benefits are phenomenal. They will literally pay for all your college.

Or you could get an ROTC scholarship, and they will pay for all of your college and you will join as an officer. 




 Get another cut. I cut my high and tight every two weeks to keep it looking fresh  




 Mostly they just do paperwork. 




 92Y, Unit Supply Specialist.

You spend most of your time outdoors. Oftentimes they get called away on special missions to help others. Sometimes they have to prepare short speeches to give in the local "soldiers only" forums, and they win special medals for properly explaining themselves.  They are always on the front lines, truly the tip of the spear. Everyone in the military calls them "the SEALs of the Army". Not everyone can make it, but if you think you are up for it, go for it! 









 In the denominatin I grew up in, SS was always the packaged lifeway spiel. I got nothing out of it. I was always way more advanced, and comparing biblical principles to pop culture always annoyed the crap out of me.

Since I have made my journey to Reformed Presbyterianism I have loved SS. We always have very beneficial discussions at my church, our teachers write their own material, I love it. Now I teach our young adult SS class, and it has been wonderful.

I think it depends what circles you run in. Super grounded/confessional churches tend to take their theology way serious, this carries over into small group. This is what I look for in SS.. My experience with more broad evangelical circles has been very different. I am not a fan of the super chill social club SS ideal. 




 I recently read [this article in the Times](http://mobile.nytimes.com/2013/06/16/books/review/prison-library-at-guantanamo.html?_r=0) (which I know is a little old) and I was struck by a few thoughts, that I thought I would extend to y'all.

1. What do you think about the censorship going on at the Gitmo library? Librarians and library supporters tend to be very anti-censorship, but I am curious if circumstances determine our vehemence? Should we strictly regulate what a society of extremist affiliates are allowed to read?

2. How important is it to have a library in a place like Gitmo?

I would love to hear any other thought's y'all have 




 I would go for Old Rasputin. 




 First, I would make a distinction between "will" and "pleasure". I believe it is the will of God to ordain all things (including the judgement of the wicked) for his glory. This does not mean he takes pleasure in their demise.

In regards to Ezekiel 33:11, I believe this is God using human language to describe divine thought. The point ot this text is the individual responsibility of every man for his sin. The point of this text is not an explanation of the redemptive plan of God, but rather a plea for repentance aimed at an ungodly nation.

 




 I am too, but it is pretty much the default explanation from every PC advocate I have ever spoken to. 




 Your disconnect is that you see baptism explicitly tied to profession of faith, and we do not. I do not believe any of those references explicitly refer to baptism being predicated by belief. Baptism is tied to the death, burial, and ressurection of Christ in the sense that it identifies the baptized one as a member of the covenant which Christ's sacrifice paid for.

The issue is, fundamentally, we do not interpret a single scirpture about baptism as referring to it being predicated by faith. 1 Cor 11:28-29 are quite obviously referring to believers. 




 I love stouts. They are truly the beer-lover's beer. I love oatmeal stouts, imperial stouts, pretty much anythubg but Guinness 




 [Ideomotor Effect](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ideomotor_effect) 




 Left Handing Brewing' Milk Stout Nitro.

Stout's are my favorite styles of beer. The Nitrogen bottling makes the beer smooth and velvety. It is full bodied ans bitter in the best possible way.

Also, I am a man. And stouts are manly.  




 I was just using the example of the passover in passing.

The main reason is the aforementioned, 1 Cor. 11:28-29 make it clear that the recipient of the Supper must be able to **examine themselves** and **discern the broken body of the Lord**. 

Those who support PC often claim this verse is referring to being able to discern the supper belonging to the body (i.e. the Church) as opposed to being able to discern/understand that the supper *is* the body of Christ. 
 




 First, it was not his time. He had a plan, and it was one of gradual revelation.

Second, Christ often veils his words in the gospels. He reveals himself to those he chooses, but veils himself to others. He fully intends for the pharisees and jewish leaders to think he is lying, so he can be crucified. He *wants* to be convicted and sent to die. 

I believe it works the same way today. God reveals his gospel to those he chooses, and hardens the reprobate's heart. 




 Because infants are not capable of examining themselves so as not to partake of the Lord's Supper in an unworthy manner (1 Cor. 11). That is the simple answer.


Baptism is a continuation of circumcision. Obviously infants in the OT were circumcised. 

The Eucharist is a continuation of the Passover supper. Do you think infants partook of the paschal lamb? They were present, of course, just as our infant children are present at the Eucharist, but I doubt they partook.

We believe baptism is a sacrament which does not require anything of the recipient. The Eucharist requires the ability to cognitively examine oneself, as per 1 Cor 11. 




 In regards to my comment about the regenerate man having free will, I agree with your assessment. I was using "free will" in the same way the OP likely meant (i.e. freedom to choose right from wrong) not in the sense that our will is totally free. The idea of free will is so subjective that it is hard to get across the point.  




 You don't choose God.

As a Calvinist I affirm the doctrine of predestination. Gid chose his elect before the beginning of the world, died specifically for his elect, and he regenerates his elect. Once a man is regenerate, his will becomes unbound, but unregenerate man has a will that only acts according to his nature.

As a monergist I do not believe man has any part in salvation. 




 We don't have free will. Our wills are utterly bound and distorted by sin. We are totally corrupted from birth.  
























 The bull moose jolly roger waved proudly in the air as the crew ran to their stations. "Captain Teddy" as he was affectionately known to his men, began barking orders left and right for cannons to be loaded and weapons drawn. The first volley of cannonballs nearly ripped the entire side off the merchant ship (the SS San Juan). 




 A contract is by nature an agreed upon set of rules.

I never agreed to your society, and I never agreed to your social contract.

If you are assuming inaction = consent to your social contract, by that logic I can start a house cleaning business in which I wash all my neighbors houses, send them a bill, and then lock them in a cage when they refuse to pay. I will assume their inaction by not moving out of the neighborhood is consent to my contract. 




 Because some of us think the same rules that apply to individuals apply to the government.


If I offered to protect your house even though you never asked me to, and then threatened to throw you in a cage unless you paid me 10% of your earnings, would that be legal?


The government uses coercive force to extract taxes to pay for an involuntary contract which we see as inherently unjust. 




 Where does Zen Buddhism fall into this framework? 




 Everyone wears black berets with their dress uniform.


Airborne troops in an airborne unit (like the 173rd or 82nd) wear maroon berets in their dress uniform and a few other occasions.


Soldiers who are a part of the 75th Ranger Regiment wear tan berets. 




 One type of law or one law?

If I could nullify all laws related to governmemt involvement in the markets that would be my highest priority. 




 Please explain the variations and sects of Buddhist practice in layman's terms. 




 Read Hazlitt's *Economics in One Lesson*.

You can find it for free as a pdf download [here](http://mises.org/library/economics-one-lesson)

Ron Paul's *End the Fed* is also a wonderful introduction. 

 




 Exactly. Obedience to God's commandments is thd proper response to his love. Christianity is not about some warm and fuzzy feeling in your heart, but a way of life. The word "disciple" comes from the same word as "discipline".  




 2001 A Space Oddysey by Arthur C. Clarke 




 I carry these [little memorandum books.](http://imgur.com/a/OaRRs) I carry one for work and one outside of work. At work I post daily to do lists, important numbers, serial numbers, information etc. I use my personal one as a catch-all for my brain output. I jot down library lists, quotes I hear, snippets of ideas, subjects I want to learn more about etc. When I get home at night and begin my daily journaling routine I take the seeds of ideas from my pocket notebook and elaborate on them in paragraph form in my journal. I think this practice has made me much more introspective and mindful. It encourages me to engage the world around me for information and ideas to better myself on a daily basis. 




 If so what kind, what do you write in it, and how has it added value to your life? 




 I carry [these little memorandum books](http://imgur.com/a/OaRRs).

I carry one for work and one outside of work. At work I post daily to do lists, important numbers, serial numbers, information etc. I use my personal one as a catch-all for my brain output. I jot down library lists, quotes I hear, snippets of ideas, subjects I want to learn more about etc. When I get home at night and begin my daily journaling routine I take the seeds of ideas from my pocket notebook and elaborate on them in paragraph form in my journal.

I think this practice has made me much more introspective and mindful. It encourages me to engage the world around me for information and ideas to better myself on a daily basis. 




 If so what kind, what do you write in it, and how has it added value to your life? 




 You are going to make time for things you value. If you have time to play video games you obviously have time to read, you just have to convince yourself that reading is of greater value to you. Try intentionally contemplating the merits of being more well-read vs the instant gratification you may get from other activities. 




 Its ok, good parts and bad parts.  




 I was homeschooled. I would have gone to Murphy due to school zoning. 




 That saddens me. My wife and I are actually in the process of getting foster care certification, and we specifically want to care for abandoned special needs children.


 




 Well, I live at Fort Drum.

I am from Mobile though. 




 I got hooked on [these](http://www.amazon.com/Memorandum-Books-Green-7530-00-222-0078-12-pack/dp/B0053D9X5M) from the Army. They are absolutely phenomenal. At $20 for a 12 pack they dont break the bank.


[Here](http://imgur.com/a/OaRRs) is my actual notebook. 




 No. I don't put myself in female company if I might lose control of my tongue.  




 Raise the child with total devotion. I don't shirk my responsibilities. 




 I think you should talk to a counselor instead if a bunch if internet strangers. 




 I only live about fifteen mins from there, no shit 




 CSM listened to my bio, heard thst I was from Alabama. 

"SPC train_subject9974 do you know Forrest Gump?"

I then explained to him that Forrest Gump is my granddaddy, and that might explain why I am a little slow.

Sergeant Major didn't ask me any more questions. 




 Amazing. We need more men who shoulder responsibility instead of running from it. 




 This is a horrible idea. This kind of confrontational Christianity gives us a bad name.

Most Atheists come to their position after a lot of thought and study. Many of them already own copies of the Scriptures.  




 Not as dark as blood meridian. There is some plot resolution, but not the big jackpot of happiness.

I would recommend you read it for the prose alone. McCarthy does such a phenomenal job of painting the picture with his words. 
 




 I don't think it ever would drastically.

I for one am a happy and lifelong carnivore, and would never give up the bountiful blessing of meat. 









 No, it is not racist. 

Too many folks want to cry racism for petty things. If folks from generations past would see the things we cry the racism card on they would turn over in theor graves. 




 1. Laziness is deplorable to me.

2. Stand up for those who are weaker than you. 

3. Treat ladies with deference. I do not curse in front of ladies, hold the door open for them etc.

4. Being responsible for my actions. Playing the blame game is deplorable.

5. Being a man of my word. If I say I am going to do it, I am going to do it.

These are a few of the things thst define masculinity to me. 




 1. Thinking a man should not cry is bullshit. Men are humans. Humans cry. Emotions are natural.

2. There is a difference between having natural emotions and being a thinskinned crybaby. Life sucks. People say shitty things. Part of real manhood is learning to shrug off people's insults. I would say a man who is constantly whining, always getting his feelings hurt, etc is not a developed man. He is a baby. 


I cried when my good buddy died. I do not cry when my supervisor yells at me. 




 Christian belief system summarized; humans are all broken sinners who are mutineers against the Law of God. The punishment for such mutiny is death. Christ (who is God) died on the cross to pay the legal debt of that mutiny. He then rose again defeating the power of death and sin. By confessing our sins and believing in his sacrifice as sufficient alone for our salvation, and surrendering ourselves to Him as Lord and Sovereign, we can have our sins forgiven.


My beliefs are summarized briefly in [The Nicene Creed](http://www.reformed.org/documents/index.html) and more in depth in [The Westminster Confession of Faith](http://www.reformed.org/documents/wcf_with_proofs/)

The differences between denominations are very nuanced and hard to explain in summary. It really depends on which denominations you are asking about. Basically there are three broad divisions

1. Roman Catholic - believe in the authority of the Pope, and the various vatican counsels as authoritative.

2. Orthodox Christian - recognizes a different patriarch than the Pope. They have their own cultural heritage and body of teaching seperate from the RC church.

3. Protestant - products of the protestant reformation. There is extreme diversity within this broad heading. 




 My wife and I went into our relationship agreeing that she would be a housewife and I would be the breadwinner. We established the boundaries of our roles early on, so it has never been a problem. She works a littlw business on the side, and volunteers at the USO as a shift manager. 


I think the important thing is to establish your opinions on what role you each will take before your relationship gets serious and there will be no problem. I don't expect every couple to have the same dynamic my wife and I do, but if you are the kind of guy who cannot marry a career woman, don't. If you are the kind of guy who believes your wife needs to have a career, then don't marry someone who does not. 




 I keep a high and tight. (I am in the Army, and old habits die hard. It will probably be the only hairstyle I have for the rest of my life).

I get my hair cut every weekend. I think every man should have a great barber. I love my barber shop, its a man's retreat. I actually look forward to my weekly cut. My barber gives my high and tight, shaves the sides of my head with a straight razor, and gives me a hot towel massage. All for 11 bucks.

Day to day I use brylcreem to keep my hair parted and combed.

With regards to the ladies, I am married so I don't gove a second thought to what the ladies think. My wife loves my hair. She loves right after I get a cut and the sides of my head are smooth. She also digs the smell of brylcreem.

[I will throw in a photo.](http://imgur.com/0AaorQi) 




 Nah, I am like that. I don't  get crazy when I drink a lot, just chill out. I do get more social confidence, but that is about all. 




 Nothing but circlejerks. Bush this, Hillary that.. Oh my gosh did you hear about Romney??? 


And lil' old me just waiting for someone to say something about Ron Paul. 




 I call my wife "bookend". She likes it.  




 "Objective" means impartial, unbiased, not dependent upon the mind for existence, factual, etc according to the OED. 

So actually that is what "objective" means. 

 




 Because I belive morality is clear cut black and white. Objective. 


 




 Sometimes what is pleasurable is not what is moral. There can be conflict.

I believe our desires are not to be trusted. 




 Because I believe adamantly in objective morality, I would prefer if more folks pursued moral excellence. 




 I keep three; a book journal (green rite in the rain notebook), a personal journal (a nice piccadilly), and a pocket notebook which is an integral part of my EDC (an Army memorandum book).


What about y'all? 




 No. Books are about content not aesthetic. 

I mark my books up, they get battered from traveling around with me around the world (literally). I think worn books are well loved books. 




 What general info? 




 Not full seriousness.

It is a word I made up because I am a man. Its definition should be clear, and my genius irrefutable. 




 Ron? Is that you??


Can you believe some people don't like breakfast food? 




 Hell yeah. I love sushi. That shit is addictive, and it will fill you up faster than you think! 




 It was asked in half-seriousness. Chill out. 




 I love steak and eggs. It is my annual birthday breakfast. One seasoned t-bone medium rare, three hard fried eggs, potatoes o'brien, and strong black coffee. 




 What hearty meal is your go-to for celebration or merriment of the soul? 




 Nope. Just a sheepdog. 

When you spend as much time as I have in violent situations, you just get wired different.
 




 Some points to relay


1. I disagree with Thomas Paine on a good many things, he was not a classical liberal but way more progressive with his statist ideas.

2. My issue with food stamps was not how they were carried out, it lies with the fact that I find them fundamentally immoral.

3. I despise the idea of a fiat currency. I am not a keynsian. I suppory austrian economics. 




 Its not that I am not for unions. I fully support the right of voluntary association.

I just don't know of a single union I could support, because they support things I disagree with. 




 No. Because I would not ha e sex with a girl I am not already in a monogomous relationship with. 

I would never seriously date a girl I am not attracted to. I would never have sex with a girl I am not seriously dating. 




 Depends on the scenario. 

If there was a reasonable threat I would step in physically. I am fully able to handle any physical situation that presents itself.

If she was just uncomfortable, I would ask her if she wanted help. I would not want to make her more uncomfortable though. 

Basically, if she was getting verbally harassed it would bleep my radar to keep an eye on her (I have a wife and sisters after all). If things escalated I would physically step in, take charge, and diffuse the scenario with whatever force was needed. 

If she is drunk, she cannot consent. Women are equal in value, but usually not in physical strength, build, and demeanor as men. As a soldier, and a southerner I would feel obligated by my code of honor to watch out for any female (or male) in a possibly dangerous situation. This is the life of a sheepdog. 




 My family recieved food stamps and is still on them.

I rejected any government assistance on moral grounds. I will not take government assistance, because I believe using the coercion of the state to take one person's money and give it to the needy is not compassion but robbery. 

I am all for charity. I have in the past accepted charity from my church, and would have no moral issue. That money was given to the church freely. I would *never* accept govt. assistance though.

  




 This is exactly the problem. 

If an Uber driver rapes a customer, the company should not be responsible. The company did not rape the customer, the individual driver did. The state should punish him for his act of aggression, and hin alone.


I believe in individual, not collective responsibility. 




 I have skipped way more than seven meals before. That is why I am a capitalist. Growing up in extreme poverty, in a state that had huge subsidies, and government intervention, I oppose that philosophy with every ounce of my belief.  




 Mt. Doom. 


My nemesis would be Frodo Baggins. 




 He is establishment in the sense that he has no original ideas. I believe both parties are equally big government, equally militaristic, and equally power hungry. Anyone who supports those ideals is establishment. Folks who actually want a smaller government (like Ron Paul was) are antiestablishment. 




 It is the biggest thrill of my life for sure. 




 I remember our DS riding with us.. Quiet, not smiling. When we pulled in, the Kraken was released.  




 Nope. 

Here is a [link](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laissez-faire) that explains laissez faire capitalism.

We believe there are free market solutions to your problems. Monopolies are nearly impossible to achieve without government help. Many monopolies pop up because the state excessively regulates the industry so that new guys can't get in (think about the Uber controversy).  Labor and consumer protections would come from the private sector. You would have consumer watchdog organizations offering analysis of products. You will also have stupid consumers who buy without doibg theor research, and they woukd have to live with the consequences of buying without research. 




 When bombs started hitting around me and I was responsible for the lives of two other soldiers besides myself. 




 Yes, I understand that is how it works now.

That is not how laissez faire capitalists believe it should work. 

That is why Romney is not a capitalist. He is a mixed market corporatist. 




 A market with no government intervention. No Federal Reserve, no minimum wage, no government regulation of the market.


We believe the government should only punish and prevent acts of aggression. Nothing else. 




 Thank you for your wonderful answer.

How exactly do you see your stream of libertarianism as different from AnCaps? I think I can agree with everything you said. I believe workers should be allowed (not forced) to unionize, I don't see much difference between coop's selling products in a free market and individuals selling products in a free market.
Under your system, would individuals not be allowed to own business unless they were cooperative? 




 No, the individuala in that corporation have those rights and liabilities. 

Corporations would not exist as they currently do in a free market system. They get their power from tax breaks and preferential legislation. 

I am not against shareholder protection. I am against **all** government involvement in the free market. 




 No I wouldn't. I did not vote for Romney, or McCain. I voted for Ron Paul in both of those elections.

I will repeat myself. Fuck voting along party lines, I vote for individuals. 




 Corporations are groups of people.

The point is that corporations don't have rights. Individuals have rights. As capitalists, we do not view the world collectively, but individually.  









 Thank you! 




 Capitalists would totally oppose the idea that "corporations are people". In a free market, corporations get no government treatment. We embrace the concepts of individualism.

We (capitalists) would never support bailouts, or any other state intervention. Romney does not think like this. 




 Because state run healthcare is capitalism?

Romney is as far away from capitalism as FDR or Mr. Obama. Romney supports corporatism.

In a true free market, without legislation benifiting corporations, I doubt Romney would have the status and wealth he does. 

 




 I think Romney had a real chance of winning. The reason I am happy to have him out, is because I think he was the biggest threat.

I don't think Bush or Christie has anywhere near that kind of pull. 




 Probably. Empty heads usually get the nod.


That does not mean I will vote for him. Screw voting on party lines, I vote for individuals. 




 I am ecstatic. As a libertarian-republican, I adamantly oppose his pseudo-conservatism. He is an establishment republican who would just prolong the current big state republicanism that dominates the GOP. 

Now if we could only get Jeb Bush out of the race...

 




 Reuters and BBC are my main news sources. I also listen to NPR pretty regularly. I think the quality of American television news is abysmal. Jake Tapper is pretty good. Fareed Zakaria is decent. I also enjoy John Stossel's show on Fox. 

I like getting news from opposing perspectives (which is pretty much everyone, since I am a libertarian). I do *not* like news folks who just use their show to stir up bullshit. I am talking about guys like O'reilly, Hannity, Maher, Morgon etc... 




 What do you think about their insistence on the reality of class warfare? Is class warfare true? Is it necessary? Is it good? Are there free market solutions to worker exploitation?
Where exsctly does Socialist theory go wrong? I realize there are many flavors of socialist thought, but what are some fundamental ways they err?
What are your opinions about a socialist society existing within a larger free market? A voluntary association of individuals who buy a large amount of land and establish a society in which means of production are collectively owned, planned economy is established etc..? 




 What do you think about their insistence on the reality of class warfare? Is class warfare true? Is it necessary? Is it good? Are there free market solutions to worker exploitation?

Where exsctly does Socialist theory go wrong? I realize there are many flavors of socialist thought, but what are some fundamental ways they err? 

What are your opinions about a socialist society existing within a larger free market? A voluntary association of individuals who buy a large amount of land and establish a society in which means of production are collectively owned, planned economy is established etc..?

 




 Can y'all recommend some good books and articles that would give me a cursory overview of dreaming? I am curious to learn more about what actually happens when we dream, where the content of our dreams comes from, theories about significance of dreams, etc?

Can y'all help. 




 Not sure where to ask this...

I am looking for repectable books and articles about the psychology of dreams. Most of the stuff I find on google search is hardly respectable.. I am curious to learn about the various theories about the causes and effects of dreams on our psyche...  




 Combat vet as well. I agree with everything you said. 




 Which branch launched the largest amphibious assault in U.S. military history? 




 Find an NCO and relay that the Airmen can't salute properly. I would say that's about the best you can do besides making on the spot corrections. 

I would probably just tell their NCO that they have not been saluting properly. Give it time to see if that clears it up.

They are still recruits, so expect some ignorance about customs and courtesies.  




 Sure,

Peter explains how Christ took our sin upon himself in 1 Pet. 2:24, and 3:18. This is the idea Him taking our unrighteousness and sin-wages, and giving us His right standing in return.

John echoes this idea in 1 John 1:5 (where he explains that there can be no darkness in God the light, thus explaining our separation from God) through 2:3. He explains exactly what Paul said, that Christ is the propitiation for our sins, and that those sins are forgiven through confession.



 




 The reason we apply the RPW (which you will fins explicitly in the last statement of WCF XXI vs 1, that we are forbidden from worshipping any way not prescribed by holy scripture") to worship is because we believe Sunday is the Lord's day, the Sabbath, and we are obligated to keep it in accordance with the explicit way He instituted, lest we dishonor the Sabbath. 

We don't apply the same principles to the business aspects of the church, because there is nothing holy, no obligations commanded in regards to budgets, interior designs, etc. 

Our church government is not centralized, but very decentralized. It is not independent though. The scriptural precedent for oversight above the local church is found in Acts 15, qhere the Jerusalem Council exercised oversight on the matter of Greekness vs Jewishness. 

We believe there is nothing holy or significant about a name. Our name is simply another necessary business aspect of church organization.  




 Sure, 

Romans 3:10-20 outlines that none of us are righteous (or in right standing with God). 

Romans 3:21-26 Paul explains the idea of Christ giving us right standing through his sacrifice ( what Paul calls "propitiation through his blood").

Romans 10:9 explaina the way to eternal life as confessing our sins, aknowledgement of Christ's Lordship, and belief hid death and subsequent resurrection. 




 By virtue of who we are (the original sin that defines us) we face a twofold death. First, a literal death (which is inescapable), and second a death beyond that death. The second death is eternal death, separation from God (who is the essence of life) forever, and banishment to hell. 

The path to life is the confession of our sin, and surrender of ourselves to Christ's sovereignty, aknowledging belief in his death on the cross as a substitutionary sacrifice that bore the weight of our second death and his resurrection as a victory over both deaths.  




 I don't know. I don't care about any sport, none of them add value to my life, so my opinion probably is not too helpful. 




 A know a lot of vets have trouble transitioning into civilian life for this very reason.  




 Yes. Shit rolls down hill. If they are yelling at me, it is because they got yelled at. 

Even if it is not my fault, a little ass chewin never hurt anybody. Like I said before, the Army is no place for someone with thin skin, or someone who thinks so much of himself that he can't take someone else's ass chewin. 




 I am looking for books about labor unions, especially labor unions pre-WW2. 

I am interested in non-fiction, biographies, fiction, or anything else dealing with the subject. 




 Well, it is a part of a larger effort to impose composting on the residents.

They are trying to force folks to compost, and fine them for not doing so. 




 Oh we can take care of that. A few motivational runs, and Drill Sergeant watching every bite you eat, ready to pounce on your ass for even looking at cake proves to be an effective weight loss solution. 




 Which is why folks with significant sleep issues are subject to discharge. If you have bad sleep issues, they likely won't let you enlist in the first place. 









 I agree. As long as my supervisor does not try to fire me or take admin action against me unjustly, it would not bother me. They can say what they want, I just listen, agree, and move on. They will forget about the whole thing in fove minutes and so will I. 




 "I am sorry First Sergeant, I have no idea why he would try to drink windshield washer fluid."

"Subsequent asschewing by Top on the dangers of not properly briefing your soldiers on the dangerous nature of household chemicals."

^ **Actual conversation I had with my First Sergeant** 




 I will not miss being chewed out, but I will miss being in an organization with clear directives and clear feedback on my performance of those directives.

I would prefer an asschewing to getting fired. 




 If you don't aknowledge the texts from your leaders, you can prepare yourself for hell when you come back to work.

We are obligated to answer our phones at all hours of the day, any day.  




 Either have respect pounded into them, or have thei life made a living hell. 

Drill Sergeants have a unique way of stimulating respectful attitudes, even among the most antiauthoritarian of individuals.


We will never have another draft though, at least not in our lifetime. Most soldiers I knoe would not support such a thing anyway. I don't want to go to war with a bunch of guys who don't want to be there, you cannot trust folks like that. 




 Profitable in the sense that essays can be effective ways to communicate ideas in short form.  




 I get chewed out regularly. I am in the Army. As a squad leader, I not only get my butt chewed if I make a mistake, but also if one of my soldiers makes a mistake. I even gdt chewed out if I am in the same room as any soldier making any mistake. Since I outrank them, I am held responsible for their behavior. 

How do I react? I stand at parade rest, agree with them, take my punishment and move on. The Army is no place for kids with thin skin. Ass chewings are a guarantee in this line of work. 




 Counting sleep, about 9 on the weekdays.

Sometimes more on the weekends. 




 Rarely. 

After watching my good friend get killed.  




 Nope. I have very specific reading goals, to-read lists spanning years out from now. For a book to even get on my reading list it needs to be recommended from a respected source.

I get most of my books from the library. I only buy books I know would add value and dimension to my personal library, I have specific qualifications.

I also don't like the idea of subscription boxes. 




 Many writers, Atwood, Asimov, Chomsky, Umberto Eco and T. S. Eliot included have found essays to be a very profitable way to deal with ideas.  




 Let's talk about essays. Who are some of your favorite essayists and why?

Also, which essays have had an impact on you? 




 quiet and pensive. 




 Nope. 

But I was homeschooled, with ample freedom. My mom let me choose my own education route with few exceptions. I think this very experience solidified a love for reading in me. 




 I never said there were successful current markets. It has never been tried properly. There has always been government overreach. 

New Hampshire's free state project is moving slowly towards something close. No income tax, no sales tax, no tobacco tax, no taxi regulations etc.

The internet is a somewhat applicable example of a free market that works pretty well. 




 We believe acts of aggression to be issues unrelated to regulating the market. Sure, they have an effect on the market, but making slavery illegal does not make the market unfree. 

We believe humans have three basic rights, life, liberty, and property. Those rights cannot be infringed upon. You cannot take someone's life in aggression, cannot take their liberty, and cannot take their property. This is not regulating the market, this is protecting liberty. 

If I murder the CEO of a large company, would that have some effect on the market? Sure. Does that make murder a free market issue? No. Just because the market is free, does not mean our other rights are nonexistent. Each individual owns himself. You should be allowed to work and sell and buy without state intervention, but you are never allowed to commit acts of aggression. That is the fundamental premise of right libertarianism. The market is free, and you are free, you are simply not allowed to hurt people, own people, or take their stuff. 




 Slave labor is a violation of the nonaggression principle. It has nothing to do with being a labor issue, it is a basic liberty issue. A libertarian society would operate under the assumption that everything being legal except acts of aggression.

If a child comprehends a contract, and is willing to trade his services in exchange for wages, I am fine with that. We would have to have lawyers that ensure the child understands the contract fully. If he is in any way being coerced into working, it is an act of aggression and therefore illegal. Again, nothing to do with regulating the market. The child must be able to comprehend what the contract means, and left free to quit that association whenever he/she wants. Otherwise, I see no problem with letting them decide if they want to work.

BTW, you will note in my original comment I never said I was a full ancap. I lean ancap. I believe the existence of night watch state is necessary. I believe the state should only intervene to prevent/punish acts of aggression. 




 I agree with that 




 Laissez faire capitalism is incompatible with socialism. We believe it *totally* free markets, socialism believes in a planned market. 




 First, I don't like identifying as an anarchist. I agree that anarchism is a leftist ideal. I prefer the term voluntaryist.


In a totally free market, money would not equal power. You would be free to exchange anything you have for anything another has so long as they agree. You could exchange time, produce, gold, cloth, anything that you can use to barter for another item you want.  




 I would not classify myself as anarchist, that is a title applied to us by outsiders. I prefer the term voluntaryist.

I am a true capitalist. The market should be totally free. 




 No, because parents are not holy. They are finite and sinful people just like everyone else. I am not obligated to obey them if their demands are sinful.

God is perfectly holy, so he would never demand anything that was not perfectly holy.  




 I do not, but I would also like to see such statistics. 

I think a lot more people are sympatetic to our cause even if they don't totally identify as ancap (as long as we use words other than "anarchist") 




 Because he demands it, and as my sovereign Lord who bought me with his blood, I am obliged to obey. 




 As a libertarian..

Not even remotely. I do in fact believe the government should have no role in infrastructure. I lean anarcho-capitalistic. I am an absolute laissez-faire capitalist. 




 Vienna sausages on ritz crackers. 




 I have a to-read list. 

If I am headed to my bookshop I will make a shorter list, choosing the books I would like to read most and I give that list to my bookseller. She crosses off the items she does not have in stock, and I pick up the rest.

I usually ask my bookseller if she had recommendations since I last saw her. I take her recommendations into consideration. 




 U.S.  




 I understand there is a lot of controversy about the possibility of this leftist party winning. 

Who exactly are they? I understand they are leftists, are they democratic socialists or more communistic?

What is their platform?

If they gained power how would Greece change? 




 Either Tommy Lee Jones or Clint Eastwood. 




 Yeah, the railroad has some wonderful benefits I have heard.

 




 I am assuming they are gonna make him finish basic now and finish his enlistment obligation without getting out.

Thwt is what return to duty means. 




 I have read others, the Q'uran and bits and pieces of Buddhavacana. 

It was not quantifiable. I do believe faith is a gift of God. All men are dead in soul until he brings them to life. So it is nothing a man can do on his own to instill faith within himself.  




 Rand Paul is the best option right now IMO.

He is not perfect, but he is certainly not a neocon. I think definitely a step in the right direction, though I wish his father had won more than anything. 




 He is a religious neocon. 

He is a social conservative, outspoken against libertarianism.

Against legalization of cannibis, for affirmative action, vague on foreign policy (by his associates I assume typical neocon).

I am not a huge fan. I am hoping for Rand to run, he is the best option in my book.  




 I love nonfiction books that explore blue collar work.

I would also like to read novels with blue-collar characters, focused on the struggles of working class life. 
























 When has Ron Paul ever supported corporatism?

We have always been around, the establishment guys are just way more powerful than we are. 




 The Dems. support none of my political beliefs. As a Libertarian there is literally no room in the Democratic party for me.

I support the abolishment of the Federal reserve, welfare state, the IRS, ending the drug war, opening the borders, and introducong a flat tax. The dems don't support decentralization. 




 Thats because most of us young Republicans are actually old school republicans (as in pre-prohibition Republicans).

The new identity of conservatives is remarkably unconservative. The whole point of conservatism is less government involvement. State regulation of marriage, the drig war, an aggressive foreign policy, strict border control; none of these things are truly conservative at all. There is a new wave of liberty loving Republicans though. 




 Because they don't have that kind of power yet. They are a loosely organized band of hyped up hadjis, no way they could stand a chance against the disciplined, organized, well funded, and battle tested Israeli military. They understand that they would get slaughtered. Same reason they don't commit an open attack against the US. There are grossly outgunned. 




 The same reason Duck Dynasty is popular. Just because it is scripted does not mean it is entertaining. Wrestling is not about the competetion aspect like other sports, it is about the flash and pizazz. The gimmicks, the quirkiness, and the trash talking. 




 Uh.. Shoes don't really factor into the sexy equation for me. As long as they aren't ass-ugly I probably won't even notice them. 




 This is not a question with an objective answer. You are in the wrong sub. 




 Its kinda subjective. 

Technically it would encompass everyone whose roots lie in the Reformation. 


Now it mostly identifies groups who are confessional in the Calvinist tradition. A lot of us get labeled "TR" or "truly Reformed" when we are super strict confessionalists.  




 These stories about vets claiming PTSD without an actual event are very prevalent, but I have never ever met anyone who actually claimed those things.


Most vets I know would never claim PTSD if they never saw it.


Also, while a little good natured rib poking at the "fobbits" (myself included) is all well and good, but you seem genuinely venomous about it. Shit happens on FOBs too. If you doubt it you can talk to my good buddy's widow. Shank got hit all the time, and not 1000m away. 




 It has nothing to do with WW2. That is the logo of The Sons of Union Veterans of the Civil War. 

[Here](http://www.suvcw.org) is their website. Perhaps if you contact them they can give you more info on what exactly that badge represents. 

It looks like there were a bunch made in the 30s, 40s, and 50s. I would assume that they are affiliation badges of some sort. Was it possible your grandfather was the son/grandson of a Union veteran of the civil war? 




 I never said he was. 


My point was just I don't see any reason to boycott.  




 No we should not fund it. It is not our business. 

Both sides have committed acts of injustice. 




 1. Reading - I read around 5 books a month. I love to learn. I am active in a local book club, and jump at the chance to attend literary themed events in my area. I am a huge library patron. 

2. Gardening - I love trying to be more self sufficient, and enjoy working with my hands. 

3. Fishing -Nothing more relaxing than a day on the river/lake with a cold sixpack and a few sandwiches.

4. Hunting - Again, I love being self sufficient. I love the thrill of taking down game, I love preparing fresh game. 

5. Camping - I like being out in nature, retreating from the modern world. I am not a big technology buff, and like the simplicity of being alone in the woods.

I don't really watch tv or play videogames. I do enjoy interacting with people via the internet, but otherwise I am a pretty unplugged guy. I like nature, working with my hands, and doing things for myself. 




 The tears of your enemies. 




 I like when my wifr cooks my favorite breakfast (steak and eggs for me), and picks up some beer for me. I am not a fussy guy either, I don't like parties, big to-do's or anything, just a nice day relaxing at home with some good homemade food 




 We fence the table through invite. The pastor makes it clear the Supper is for baptized believers who are not living in unrepentant sin.

 




 As for the OPC;

No intinction. 

Yes, they recognize your baptism and would allow you to take communion.  




 Oh come on.. Patriotism, love for America etc are subjective things... Stick to policies. Vote based on policies. 




 I can see how the prohibition of closed shops would be unlibertarian. 




 No. It would violate my convictions. 




 What does team lead do exactly? 




 From what I understand, if a union and employer cannot reach an agreement, the federal govt can come in and force them to adopt closed shop practices. Wouldn't RTW protect against this?


I don't know why an employer would ever *voluntarily* adopt closed shop practices. 




 Please explain further 




 It was more a symbolic thing than an expectation that extraterrestrials would actually find it.

That being said, any intelligent lifeforms probably have already discovered sound/recording and will be able to figure out the gist of it  




 What exactly does a logistics specialist do in the civilian world? What does a typical day look like? 









 Good. Workers should be allowed to associate with whomever they choose and also refuse to associate with whomever they choose. 




 710th is a unit we were both in.


Not really, I haven't had it as bad as other guys. There are some dudes with serious psycological scars though, and some of them have a hard time relating to civilians.


Stolen Valor is a real thing, and it is illegal. I have the same opinon thst most vets do, trying to steal valor is morally reprehensible. If I ever saw it I would call them out on it. 




 Yeah, its doggone freezing here now, snow everywhere. 




 Don't make assumptions about what I did or didn't do. I saw my share of shit. 


Shank got hit all the time for one thing, and my support unit had our share of tragedy.  




 This was in July.  




 I was referring to how we are wired differently once we have done tours, thats why we prefer our own language to the civilian world. It is familiar. 

 




 Its a few months old. We came back in July of 2014. I just found it yesterday. 




 All of it, kind of. We were in a valley near the mountains. 




 2014, right after we left. 82nd deactivated it. 




 This was literally the moment I got out of the car. My wife opened the door and he met me in the yard. Relax bro 




 He might be. He was a shelter puppy so I just went off what they told me. I just googled schiller hound though and he looks exactly like that. 




 3rd 




 No, a lot of the animals over there have rabies etc. They try to discourage that practice now. 




 They did when we first arrived, but we closed everything down. Shank has been deactivated. 




 I don't know why the heck I got downvoted. I was just pointing out that Spartan brigade has cased their colors. 




 Fuck you. 




 Yeah. Dude who did it was in my unit too. He was a moron. Worst way to go, that was a super fucked up situation. 




 We don't remember how to civilian. We have fucked up brains and fucked up souls and the military is all we know. Thats why we get so excited to talk to other vets in military talk, its about connecting with folks who get us. 




 Oh shit. Yeah, Terry Hurne. We were in the same unit, and I was at that range.  




 If you are serious about meeting girls the bar scene is not the place. Literally every dude in there is trying to hit on the girls in there, and they all know that. I am not saying you will never ever meet a girl at a bar, but there are other places to really connect with someone. Volunteering with local organizations, social groups, book clubs (this one especially. Hardly any straight dudes are involved with book clubs. Tons of single girls are involved with book clubs) 



Just my two cents. 




 Where was 1-32? Rushmore?

We were at Shank. 




 92A. Logistician. 




 Aw man that sucks bro.. 




 Yup, Spartans are all gone now. 




 A whole ton of culture, good food, deep roots, hospitality, manners, work ethic, and pride.

I was raised in South Alabama. My mom whooped my butt if I didn't say yes sir and yes ma'am. We were poor but had blue collar pride. The "poor folk" food we ate is still my comfort food (redeye gravy and cathead biscuits, fried baloney, and rice and red gravy.) I will never ever foget my roots or my family. 




 Sweet, I am over in CAB now. I was with 710th. 




 1. The onus is not on me to cite something not happening. The onus is on you to give an example of a monopoly occuring naturally in the free market.

2. Businesses coukd not use coercive force because that would be illegal. This is the one thing I believe government is responsible for, protecting against/prosecuting acts of aggression. If a corporation vandalized, threatened, attacked, stole from etc another business they would be arrested for those acts of aggrssion. TmIt has nothing to do with market regulation It has to do with government defending against acts of aggression. 




 Yup. I deployed with 3rd BCT before they deactivated. 




 Monopolization is extremely rare in the free market without big businesses using force. Since we (Right Libertarians) oppose all acts of aggression that would be nullified. Monopolies are usually created by the government through corporation friendly legislation. There is no evidence for a natural monopoly occuring in the free market. If you are so adamantly against monopolies, why do you support the government's monopoly of force?


The government did "technically" invent the internet. But in keeping with my previous statement, it did so shittily. It created Aparnet, a network which only communicated between 37 computers. Only when the internet was privatized in 1995 did it flourish and become usable for the average person. Even while the government was "inventing the internet" it was done through private sector research. Why didm't the free market create the internet on their own? Because the government heavily regulated the research though the FCC and blocked out private sector attempts.


 




 Regulating it would give the government control over the maryjane market. The government screws everything up.  

I believe in free markets, with zero government presence. 




 I would not. I would legalize it totally and leave the government out of it.  




 I have seen the question asked for officers, but not for us enlisted guys. I am a 92A, logistics specialist. I haved worked as a warehouseman, ordering and recieving parts, managing a motorpool etc. 


What civilian jobs would fit my experience? 




 Hey y'all,

I am originally from Baldwin County, but I have been in the Army for the past few years. I am nearing my transition date and preparing to move to Birmingham to attend UAB. I had some questions about the city.

1. What is the city vibe like? I enjoy artsy stuff, indie bookstores, theatre, live music, etc. 

2. What is the job market like? I will be looking for a blue collar job while I attend school. I have experience in logistics, plan on looking for work with either the railroad, UPS, FEDEX, manufacturing, or anything else I can do to support my family. I am really open to anything with decent pay. 

3. Anything else you wanna tell me about Bham? get me excited to move there? 




 He was not. This is him seeing me after I came back from Afghanistan. 




 For anyone curious he is a two year old bloodhound/labrador mix, with a big sensitive heart! 









 I am from Baldwin County and I have been in the Army for the past few years and I am getting ready to transition out and plan to attend UAB, majoring in English Secondary Education. I would be coming in as a junior.

I am just looking for some student insider perspective. 

1. Do you enjoy UAB? Why or why not?

2. What is Birmingham like? Job market, things to do, etc.

3. Do you know of any student veteran organizations on campus?

4. What is the UAB English/Education program like?

5. Any other things you wanna share? 




 I don't carry a knife for self-defense I carry a gun for self-defense.


A knife is one of the handiest tools you can carry regularly. Opening stubborn packages, makeshift screwdriver, reaching into small places to unclog them, cutting gasket cloth etc. I use mine on a daily basis. 




 He said he had a biology degree, but he was referring to his M. D. Was he puffing up his credentials a lottle? Sure. Does that mean he is a bad choice for president? No. Nobody is perfect, and all of thise guys fib to make themselves look better. There is no denying the fact that he is an actual doctor with an actual M. D.  




 Fortunately I can turn my telescreen off. Winston wasn't so lucky. 




 Basic was not that hard. I wouldn't say it was a cakewalk, but it was way easier than deployment.

Basic has a lot of stress and anxiety, but is pretty idiotproof. I was not terribly rattled, I kept my head down and didn't get singled out. 




 Actually, I do have the same attitude about focusing on Democrats namecalling. As a Libertarian-Republican I agree with Democrats on a good many issues, and don't buy into the two party hostilities. I have no respect or support for establishment politicians at all regardless of their party. I think Giuliani's comments were pointless, but just about everything he says is. I just think it is a waste of time to cover this as actual news, other than a passing reference. 




 Kind of. 

Technically it does, but there are proper avenues through which he relays those commands. There is a huge system in place for the command of our armed forces. 




 If my post commander randomly ordered no contact with the outside world we would all agree he was fuckin nuts. He would probably be reported to the inspector general and would not be in charge.


If there was a war, some valid reason reinforced by his higher ups then we would lock down base i guess. But there are very very specific rules for when and how to put a base on lockdown. Like I said, there is a shit ton of oversight in the military. Nobody has totalitarian power. 




 Yes. There is a shit ton of oversight in the military. It would be pretty much impossible for an immoral order to be ordered on a large scale. There have been instances of immoral orders of course, but usually they happen at low levels (platoons).  




 They both are. Ron was in the pregnancy ward.

Rand is an eye doctor. Still an M. D. He has done a medical missions trip in Guatemala last year. 




 He obeys his original orders. This specific instance is covered in our three general orders. Summed up these say that when we are given a post to guard, we guard it to the best of our ability in exactly the way we were told.

A crypto safe always has a list of specific people who are allowed access to it, so that would be the standard the guard will follow.


To answer youe larger question, an order can be disobeyed if it violates human rights, or basic military values. Basically if an officer tells me to do something morally wrong like rape or shoot a baby, I can and will refuse it. On murkier issues if you refuse an order, you will have to present a case before court marshall and they will judge whether it was moral or not. 




 Rand Paul said that vaccines are wise, as a doctor he fully supports them and that is extremely unwise to refuse them. But he does not think they should be state mandated. 




 I think even if you disagree with his positions, his statesmanship was remarkable. If only all candidates approached campaigns with his humility and respect for opponents. 




 He was asked how old the earth is at one point and I believe he passed on the question. He may have been pandering the political game or he may very well believe that. I don't think his religious beliefs discredit him though.

I preferred his father, he was one of my personal heroes. But Rand still has a high regard for liberty and common sense approach to government. 




 Nope. It was blaring at work, kind of hard to ignore. 

I tend to get my news from Reuters or BBC. 




 I think Justin Amash and Rand Paul are some of the best current GOP'ers. 

The rest of those guys are still harping on the drug war, homophobia, and oppressive immigration laws. 




 No, the fact that they are focusing on absolutely pointless issues as valid news is proof that it is more than bias.  




 Its more than bias. This same story is on CNN and Fox. 


It is vapidness, idiocy. American journalism is absolutely retarded. 




 I use one for work. I jot down phone numbers, part numbers, important bits of info.

I carry another when I am in civvies. I use it for library lists, topics to research later, quick fleeting thoughts, etc. 




 I don't see the big deal. As long as you aren't wearing the whole uniform, patches, claiming to have served etc.

There is a common sense line between wearing military surplus (I am from Alabama, everybody wears military surplus in my trailer park) and disrespect.


If you wear a camo jacket, that is cool with me.  




 I am complaining about both things. 




 I am a Republican and I adamantly oppose such philosophy. You are stereotyping now. 

Ron Paul is a good example of a Republican who did not behave like those establishment quacks. 




 I agree. I usually stay away from the nonsense, but it is on endless repeat at work. 




 I agree that he is trying to change America. That does not mean he is unpatriotic or "hates America".  So why don't we respectfully speak about the issues, not subjective emotions. 




 That was not my point. My point is thst not only were the comments not useful, but also our media focuses on absolutely pointless things (by the way this was MSNBC).


 




 So you agree with his opinion. 

My point is that this has no bearing on any real issues. We are focusing on silly feelings and emotions instead of concrete issues. 




 Yeah.. That dude gives the GOP a bad name. 




 No, I am a Republican. This is not respectable statesmanship though, its just namecalling. Instead of thoughtfully debating the issues we are spending all our time wondering whether The President "loves America?" 




 I have been watching the news blabber about Rudy Giuliani's comments about the President, and it has reinforced how awful the American media is. Come on guys, is this what counts as "meaningful political analysis" now? One guy says someone else "doesn't love America" and we have to discuss it for an hour and a half, with panels of experts commenting on the implications of such comments on the GOP's 2016 race? 

Why does this remind me of an analysis of an argument between toddlers?

"Up next on The News, little Joey said Adam did not love his mommy. Adam says he does in fact love his mommy. Who is right? We are gonna debate it for an hour and a half to find out!" 




 Let me put it this way, you will get what you put in. 

Basic and AIT will give you some very basic foundational concepts of discipline, but if you are not willing to continue down the path of self discipline you will lose it all when you get in the real Army.


The Army will give you a good foundatiom, but you have to have strong self motivation to develop yourself. 




 No. Only you can get your shit together. 

No organization can change your bad habits, you have to do it yourself. The Army can put you in an environment that promotes hard work and discipline, but you are going to have to make some personal choices to develop your own character.


There are lazy dirtbags in the Army too. 




 I am not very well read on the Spanish Revolution and would like to correct that. What is some essential reading on the subject? 




 I am looking to understand what the lives of working class folks were actually like in the heydays of the various communist systems throughout history (the USSR, Cuba, Maoism etc).
Along with responses, articles, books, or other media related to this subject would be greatly appreciated.
 




 I understand that according to most Communists the Marxist ideal has never been realized. But there were periods in which parties based (even loosely) on Communist ideals had control. I am curious what worker's living conditions were like under those parties. 




 Is the association voluntary?  




 I am looking to understand what the lives of working class folks were like in the heydays of the various communist systems throughout history (the USSR, Cuba, Maoism etc).
Along with responses, articles, books, or other media related to this subject would be greatly appreciated.
 









 12 dollars a week.


My job requires certain hair standards though. I am in the Army. Still, it keeps my hair looking fresh and well groom, and it never gets in that awkward patchy phase. And i get a bonus hot towel massage and straight razor shave every friday (something to look forward to.) 




 I get a weekly haircut.  




 A society in which I am free to make any choices I want as long as they do not encroach upon another individual's life, liberty, or property.


Freedom means freedom from regulation and government involvement in my life (as long as I do not commit/threaten an act of aggression). The primary person responsible for my wellbeing, safety, and defense is myself. 




 Thank you! 




 I don't believe the 1000 year number is a literal number. 

Again, this is the same view the Church has embraced for thousands of years. Dispensational premil theology is a modern oddity. 




 Can anyone recommend good homesteading podcasts? 




 Well, strictly speaking yes. The internet is a valuable resource for selfdevelopment and autododactic learning.

Also, as a soldier I am required to have a valid phone number that I can be reached at at all times. So a phone is a need. 




 I don't own a computer. I have a Samsung galaxy, and that is all. For any real computer needs I use the library.


As a minimalist I try not to own things I do not need. 




 Read up on [amillenialism](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amillennialism)


It is the traditional view of the Church, especially amongst those of us of the Reformed persuasion.

The idea that the millenial reign is a literal 1000 year reign on earth is a relatively new idea. 




 No. I believe we are in the millennial reign now. Christ is on the throne of his kingdom.

I am an amil. 




 Awesome, thanks for the info! 




 What exactly about the self sufficient aspects of Agorism don't appeal to you, if I may ask? 




 So Agorism? 




 Robert Pirsig's alter ego. Pirsig suffered from paranoid schizophrenia. 




 It is more difficult to wean the public from the teat of the state. 




 I don't hear this very often. Most decent guys don't care about your past.



I hold both genders to the same standard. I don't approve of sex outside a committed relationship for either men or women.  




 I browsed their website, and it looks really interesting. Are any of y'all familiar with the organization? Any personal stories about them? I love motorcycles, and a vets club might just be the right kind of community for me. 




 Basically I am curious to know what form of transition you support from our current statism to a voluntary society?


I tend to support a more gradual transition. I have never been a revolutionary. I think the gradual deregulation of the markets, and drawdown of government. It seems to me that a revolutionary transition would wage havok on the markets for a while, and we would need a longee buffer time for recovery.



How can we transition from our current state to one of liberty?
 




 I am a soldier myself. I understand the struggle. 




 It seems like a *huge* paradox to me that progressives tend to support an individualist social perspective (subjective morality, freedom from religious oppression, marriage equality, equality of all choices etc) but insist on a collectivist/classist economic outlook (activism against class warfare, white privilege, affirmitive action, etc).


What are y'alls opinions about this paradox? Have you ever heard any of them try to address it?


I feel I am not responsible for the actions of other members of my gender, my race, my tax bracket, or my region... 




 Its not just feminists.. It is common sense that a man controlling a woman as portrayed in that book is total abuse. 




 *To Kill a Mockingbird* or *Forrest Gump* 




 I don't. 


Picking up hookups at the club is childish. 




 We have a different approach to worship. We believe worship is obedience driven, not emotion driven, and that probably has a big effect on our external reactions.


We tend to prefer a more reserved and less flamboyant type of worship than our nondenominational brethren. 




 By having sex with him without his consent.


Physical reactions to external stimuli (e.g. an erection) do not always mean consent. Women can orgasm during rape, and men can get erections without wanting to. 




 Chill out. 

Basic is easy, don't volunteer for shit, keep your head down. When you get to your first unit nobody is gonna give a shit how good you did in basic, remember that. 


You will have plenty of time to be hooah sf airborne ranger dude, but learn your mos and the basics of soldiering first. 


The Army is nothing like the movies, it is boring bullshit 99% of the time, and that is ok.  




 A remarkable number of Asimov's predictions came true. Have you read his short story about the [2014 World Fair](http://www.nytimes.com/books/97/03/23/lifetimes/asi-v-fair.html) (written in 1964)?

Driverless cars, coffee makers, robots, videophone technology etc...


I think Asimov's principles of robotics and the way he applies them in his stories is remarkable. 




 Either Isaac Asimov or Arthur C. Clarke. 

Asimov was a genius, well rounded, and incredibly perceptive. I would place him slightly above Clarke as the King. 




 Voluntaryism. 




 1. Yes.


2. I am hoping for steak and eggs for breakfast (I found the ribeyes in the fridge earlier, she tried to hide them from me.) That is my usual big valentine's day request. 




 I bought her flowers, an Old Navy gift card, and a new charm for her Pandora bracelet. We are going to dinner and a movie, and then cuddling on the couch. 




 Here is mine

 These are the same kids watching rape scenes in Game of Thrones and killing hookers on Grand Theft Auto.
Abrasive ideas must be encountered. Issues like violence, sex, rape etc must be encountered at some point for an accurate grasp of our world. Literature is the perfect medium through which to encounter such ideas. 




 No, I don't rank women on the basis of their physical attributes.  




 Marx has no clue what laissez faire capitalism resukts in because there has never been a laissez faire capitalist system. There has never yet been a society founded totally on voluntary association and totally free markets. 




 I have read *Das Kapital* and of course his and Engels's *Communist Manifesto*.


I have also read David Ricardo quite a bit.


Still a laissez faire capitalist libertarian. 


 




 I am glad you disagree with religious freedom so vehemently. That kind of attitude has been very effective in the past. Lets just ban everyone who disagrees with us.. 
























 Pretty self explanatory. What are the traditional drinking foods in your country? 




 I am an avid hunter. I try to be a thoughtful eater. Many folks who criticize hunting partake in supermarket bought meat products farmed on industrial farms where the animals are treated horribly, pumped full of hormones, and killed. I prefer eating humanely raised meat, and hunting wild game when I can. It connects you to your food, and makes the consumption process a more mindful one. I also grew up on a small family farm. We slaughtered our own sheep, hogs, and beef cows. I appreciate the meat on my table, and respect the animal who gave it to me.  




 Because I sure as hell plan on making higher wages when I am 60 than I do now at 22. 




 The military. You will learn a trade, learn valuable leadership, professionalism, and stress management skills, and if you do 20 years can get a pension and job offers of 100k plus a year. 




 Trailer park kid who read too many books joined the Army to see the shitholes of the world and still reads too many books. 




 Good books, good friends, and activity.


 




 I use a Roth IRA. It takes my taxes out now, so that when I am older and ready to retire (and probably in a higher tax bracket) I won't have to pay taxes upon withdrawal.


Before you start investing though, you need to secure a savings account with approx. 6 months of emergency savings. Major debts first, Savings second, Investment third.

 




 Because our culture is more concerned about seeing a celebrity's tits than seeing the corruption in their government. 


 




 Try your local VFW or American Legion. Those organizations are usually good at helping out with these kinds of details. 




 Because most hospitals were affiliated with universities or religious groups when they were started. 

 




 Whoa.. Weird, I know you.


Jash here. 




 I agree. I am not defending them by any means. 




 Because they don't commit terrorist acts. Not anymore. The KKK is surprisingly peaceful nowadays, despite their offensive beliefs. 

 




 You're welcome! 




 Yup, I also use goodreads on the side 




 Nope. 

I have pretty high self confidence. I have never had a problem with anxiety. It's actually really hard to worry me. 




 Ummm... Hot. As. Hell.

Thats how I would feel. 




 Don't really get talked about a lot, but I was just curious if anyone ever saw some paranormal shit while deployed. When I was in the 'Stan I had a few odd experiences but never talked to anyone about them.  









 "No, no, no, this is not a suit made out of my mother's skin, it is a visible representation of my ability to get in touch with my feminine side." 




 I keep a book journal. I write the book name, author, ISBN #, and two paragraphs. The first paragraph is a summary of the book, the second is my reaction to the book.


I have found this has been a useful discipline that keeps me from passively reading. It gives me an avenue to mull over the book as a whole. 




 I need some advice guys. I was driving my 2014 Corolla last night, and it was very dark as I prepared to pull onto the interstate ramp. There was a very deep pothole which I hit at about 35-40 mph and blew my right front tire out. When I removed the tire to replace it with my spare i noticed that the control arm appeared to be bent. On the drive home there were no real issues other than the car pulling noticably to the right. The rim appears to be undented on the old tire.


Can someone give me some advice before I get tge mechanics to look at it on monday? I am taking it to a dealership mechanic because I do not want to fuck up my warranty. What kinda wallet damage am I looking at? 




 It is based on being a consistently good soldier, but that entails a lot of self development. 




 Not anymore.

The only "stripes" that can be given at the unit level are those of Corporal, which is only an appointment not a promotion. 




 An officer is a leader of soldiers a Warrant officer is a technical expert. 

For example, officers in my motorpool unit plan our field exercises, set the standards, oversee the administration of our company etc.


Warrant officers are technical subject matter experts in logistics, mechanical stuff, etc.

 




 It depends on which branch, and whether you are an Officer, Enlisted, or Warrant officer.

I can only speak to the Army's way of doing things because I am in the Army.

**Enlisted** 

E-1 to E-4 is automatic, based on time in service. If you don't fuck up (get a dui, drugs, punctual etc) you will get promoted.

E-5 to E-6 is points based. Each MOS (job) in the Army has a certain amount of points one needs to make E-5 or E-6. A soldier has to go to a promotion board, meet certain standards (attend NCO school, certain self development classes), and have the correct number of points (points are awarded for various things, awards, PT, how well you fire a weapon, civilian education etc.)

E-7 and above is board selected. Each MOS has a specific amount of allotted slots for each of these ranks. A board meets every year and looks over all the E-6's and aboves qualifications and determines whether to promote them to one of those slots.

**Officer**

O-1 to O-2 is a pretty much automatic promotion, based on time in service.

O-3 and above is based on board selection, similar to E-7 and above on the enlisted side.

**Warrant**

WO-1 to WO-2 is pretty much automatic based on time in grade/service. The rest are determined by board selection.

**Two closing thoughts**

1. You still have many chances in peacetime to win awards. Catching attention for hard work during a field exercice, winning Soldier/NCO of the month boards, all kinds of things.

2. We (the U.S.) are not at peace and probably never will be in our lifetime. There is always somewhere to deploy to.  




 As a Southerner I always shake hands with folks I know at the store. 




 Just keep it up man. Running is all about practice. I am in the Army and we run all the damn time, so I have had lots of practice. But don't overdo it. Here is my personal running schedule for speed improvement.


**Mon**- 2-4 miles at a pace that hurts. (the 7 min mile for me right now)


**Wed**- Sprintd, 61-20's, suicides, and other sprint excercises for 45 mins. Followed by lengthy streching.


**Fri**- Run for 45 mins at a pace you can carry on a conversation in. This is all about building lung capacity, learning to pace yourself well, and correct your form. 




 Ha! 

Do you know what the difference is between a Presbyterian and a Southern Baptist is?

Presbyterians shake each others hands in the liquor store. 




 He never said he was suffering from depression. He said he fell into a pit of depression early on in his academic career.


For many folks the military would not be good if they suffered from real depression. If you are easily emotionally affected by the world around you, the military sure as hell is not for you.

Others suffer depression stemming from low self esteem and feelings of low worth. The military instills you with a high level of self confidence and puts you in places of high responsibility. Accomplishing your job well only increases your worth and self confidence. This could be just the challenge they need.


The military is not for everyone. It is a rough, stressful, mucky life that not everyone can handle.  




 Like most big Army programs. 


Handling things at the big Army level never works like they hope (SHARP, EO, etc) 




 Really funny, coming from someone who doesn't know how to use a definite article (**the** military not "military").


Just because you can graduate college does not mean you are smart. I am responsible for millions of dollars of equipment and the lives of my soldiers every single day. I am held to a higher standard than all of my civilian peers. I have real world skills and marketability, leadership skills, knowledge in my field (logistics), and more experience than all your degrees. 


Who is the dumbass? 




 Ran my four mile in 28:25 yesterday. 




 Grandpa did. Things from Vietnam, awards from his time in Cargill, etc.


I have a tuffbox that I keep important things in. I have a flag that flew over our base in Afghanistan, military coins, framed pictures with a few famous folks I have met, a dummy round from an A-10 warthog that a JTAC gave me and a few other knick knacks.  




 I cannot speak to the specifics of your questions because I am in the U.S. Army. I am sure the British Army does things a little differently than we do. Your local Army recruiter would be the subject matter expert for your questions. Just because you sit down and have a conversation with them does not mean you have to join.


For me, I signed my papers and was in Basic training four months later.  




 If you have a degree you should have no problem joining as an officer. I have a limited amount of knowledge on the subject because I am enlisted. I would recommend talking to an Army officer recruiter, they would have all the answers you need.


A lot of guys do enlist with degrees. You come in as an E-4 so pay will be better than your peers for the first two years or so until they catch up to you.  




 Join the military. 

I was in the same place. Failing out of college because I was a dumbass. Now I have a steady and fulfilling job, real world skills, and a future. 




 You will be fine. Have fun. 




 With whipped cream on top. 




 Well now I can never eat American cheese. Thanks. 




 I would have loved this Army. 




 This. Intentionally seek out ways he *does* provide around the house and shiw gratitude. Ask him for help (not busy work, but find legitimate requests) and let him feel that he is contributing while he looks for his next job. 




 Jimmy replied crying, "Because I heard my daddy tell my mommy, 'I am going to eat that p*ssy once Jimmy leaves for school today!'" 




 "Lemme start this joke with a question nobody would ever ask." 




 Sure, just call the police and tell them you are a weak body. They will book you overnight.


I hope you come face to face with a salty ass first sergeant with this story. 




 Because he murdered Miss Piggy in her sleep and fried her up for breakfast? 




 Kind of.

As a soldier Itend to do more functional fitness. Strecher carries, vest runs, ruck marches for exercise on my personal time. I am not trying to be big, but lean and strong. 

 




 *Over the border 




 You watch lesbian porn but your username is a request for dick pics?  




 No, but her instincts tell her that you are trying to evolve by learning through reading. As a predator she is threatened by the thought of you evolving faster than she does, so she attempts to distract you with an air of playfullness, thus hindering your evolution. 




 It becomes Mountain Dew Baja Blast 




 Because the Earth is not flat. 




 Unless he has a fedora.


Bitches love fedoras. 




 You have so much to learn young grasshopper.


Opium helps me fight the war within myself. 




 For some reason your link is not working? 




 How did you know I have opium? Are you hacking me? Aye, I am an old school gent and prefer the good old drugs of yesteryear, what's it to ye? 




 Marx was that guy who taught Hitler right? 




 That sounds like something an ugly person would say. 




 I was counting on you to give me a good joke. 




 Oh come on. We are vets. The darkness of our humor is well known, but we can't take it when a VA manager has some dark fucked up humor. 

We joke about IED's, Hadjis, Suicide Bombs and the like all the time. Does this mean we don't have respect for our fallen brothers? Hell no.

 




 Your grasp of history is the joke. 




 The Marines did not land at D-day. It was the Army. The largest amphibious assault in history was conducted by the Army. Remember that.


-U.S. Army NCO. 




 I have always thought Cambridge goat skin bibles were very nice. They will last forever. 




 Yeah, from what I see only 120 something US troops are involved. Seems like an interesting duty though. 




 That is not about being a military peacekeeper. That is abkut working dirrctly for the UN.


Peacekeepers are attached military members from Armed Forces of UN member nations. They wear their own nation's uniform and remain members of their nation's Armed Forces.

[This site](http://www.un.org/en/peacekeeping/resources/statistics/contributors.shtml) would be more applicable. 


 




 How do you get selected for that? 




 I assume an exclusive relationship from date one. I don't date more than one woman at a time. 

If I don't want to continue a dating relationship I will tell her. If I want to date someone else I will discontinue dating the girl I was seeing, even if we only had one date. 




 Because women are just as capable of answering questions from a male perspective as men, duh.  




 No, it is a joke. 




 I agree. But after 239 years we have our own distinct flavor.

Plus, our first Drill Instructor was Prussian not British :). His Blue Book drew on Prussian traditions not British ones. 




 Ok, just curious. 

Its cool learning about other traditions than my own. 




 If you can't maintain your discipline while you are in, you won't when you get out.

Circumstances/setting do not dictate discipline, willpower dictates discipline. 




 Spray on the neck and rub it in. One or two light sprays should be plenty.

As you sweat throughout the day the neck will release the scent.


You are not supposed to smell someones cologne until you are in close contact with them. It is an intimate touch not a blaring announcement. 




 To relax. As a married man I have zero interest in scouting out females. I like juke joints and honkytonks though. Good country music (preferably live) and cold beer helps me soak the stress of the week away.

Places I go everybody knowa everybody. Old guys, young guys, all of us just talk sports, politics and trade tall tales. 




 Do y'all salute enlisted men? 




 Really? I did not know that either.


When we present arms with a weapon we have a distinct movement where we hold our weapons in fron of us parallel to our bodies. 




 Yes.

Which is why I pegged that answer as Hooah bullshit.

 




 RIP to my Brother from the North.

-An American Soldier. 




 I'm gonna recommend the obvious; *Starship Troopers*. 




 Awesome! I didn't know that about the Royal Navy. Thanks for schooling me. 




 Agh... FNGs.


Airborne is not just for infantrymen for one. I don't know what the hell he was aiming at with the CID shit. 


Oh well, 3/10 attempt to take down a poser. Nice to see them give a shit though.

 




 Whats the real history behind the open handed salute? Senior NCOs over here always say that the unvisible palm salute was reserved for Armies that never lost a war, which I have always taken as Hooah bullshit. Anyway, it got me curious, what is the real deal behind showing your palm when you salute? 




 [This](http://www.flamesofwar.com/hobby.aspx?art_id=4155) hobby site has a very helpful rundown. 




 Guess whos car is going on Craigslist? You provided me with all the details I need. Can I just have your phone number? 




 Hey, if it works it works. 

Folks who condemn all fighting are usually just folks who don't know what it means to fight for something.

Also, we aren't talking about a disagreement over political parties, choice lf president or the like. We are talking about a group of pricks trying to *ban* the presence of a symbol which has cost far more than any of them can fathom. 


Banning the presence of this symbol does not equal freedom of speech. 




 Yes. I never disputed that. 


I don't think I would be able to restrain myself from losing my temper in this presence of such asshattery. 


Just because its legal does not mean you won't get your ass kicked for doing it. 




 I never said I was an asshole. I am very kind to women, because my mother raised me right. I have respect for others. 

 




 Luckily I don't attend this school because I am too busy fighting for that flag. 




 Nah, I won't bother. I will just leave a downvote.


 




 Please explain? 




 Thank you for the helpful answer 




 I see where you are coming from.

As a free market libertarian I have never met a socialist who agreed with me on market issues 




 So you are a socialist who believes in letting the free market solve problems? 




 Through the free market? Yes.


Through the state? No.  




 Join the Army and have a DS yelling 15 feet up your asshole and you will understand what I am saying. 




 I am not at all.. I have a leather heart and I don't give two flips about what someone else thinks about me. I am a salty veteran who doesn't fit into the parameters of what modern masculinity movements laud as good and wonderful (sensitivity, political correctness, emotionality etc). 


What about y'all? 

Edit; I don't mean I don't care, or have emotions, I am saying I don't spend my time caring whether someone likes me or not, or trying to tiptoe around how to say something. I say what I mean and mean what I say, and if someone does not like it they can shove off. 




 Do you really have to check my TA-50? I promise I packed everything... 




 I know a lot of guys who pick up their E-5 either try to stay "one of the boys" or they get a big power trip and walk around with a chip on their shoulder, still others just sit around as a buck sgt for 10 years not going anywhere.

So I wanted to ask y'all, what qualities make a good buck sergeant? 




 Fuck it. I am a soldier. I lost my filter in Afghanistan.


Fuck sensitivity. I have a leather heart. 




 What advice/anecdote from a SNCO have you recieved that has stuck with you over the years? 




 No, I am aware of the EOD attrition rate and EOD doesn't appeal to me. I like the traditional Army. 

I don't just want to blow shit up (though that is certainly a plus). Engineers have lower points, way more opportunity for career progression, I could feel like I was actually doing something important, I am tired of the dumb bullshit of support units, etc. 




 Big ones;

WCF advocates baby baptism and a sacramental view of the Lord's Supper. The LBCF is the opposite.


Thats pretty much it. 




 Judging by his comment history he is an American Airman. So you are right, it is my bad.


I doubt the wristband fits the requirements set forth in AFI 36-2903 (6.3.1.2) due to the clause that states bracelets cannot advocate a cause or philosophy.

Granted, EOD units usually don't give a flying flip about regs anyway. 




 That wrist band is not authorized IAW AR 670-1 (3-4a). 

 




 Hemingway is hard to misunderstand. He is terse, he is short, and to the point. He says what he means and means what he says.

This does not mean his characters lack depth or flavor, but you don't have to wade through pools of flowery language to get there. 




 He is so Charmin, ultra good at flirting.That dude is smooth, Angel Soft even. He has a Bounty of awesome lines.  




 Brave Little Toaster ain't so brave when he is served up with hot sauce.  




 Afghanistan. 


On a motorcycle? Never been close to death at all. 




 Yeah, they do some gear reviews. 

It isn't specific to any sort of bike though. You will get cruisers, dualsports, supersports, they review them all. So if you are a hardcore v-twin devotee you might not care about the rest of the content. 




 I subscribe to *Motorcyclist*. I would say it is the equivilant of *Car and Driver*. Good bike reviews, good articles, interesting editorials. 




 Haven't even gotten your sideways license yet?

I am from Bama too. It is largely conservative, but certainly no bastion of 100 percent religious participation. Bham is a fairly liberal area. USA is a pretty liberal school. There is enough debauchery in my hometown to counteract all the churches. 




 Sweet. I would love a pm letting me know whats up after you finish! 




 Thanks for tje recommendation, but I am currently in an aviation unit and I hate it. I loved my old infantry unit. 




 Yup. Currently at Fort Drum, been here almost 3 yrs. 




 Probably better than spending endless hours in a clamshell counting parts. 




 Thanks, I hope so too. I am done with the support side, I have had enough. I'd like to see if the grass is greener on the other side haha  




 Because its a lot harder to go EOD than 12b and if I wash out of EOD school I end up right back in my current MOS. 




 Yup. I realized after I posted. Got it right the second time though. 




 Pretty much what the title says. My reup window is open, I hate my job, I hate how our points are always maxed.
How does the reclass process work with 12b? I know those guys have OSUT, what point would I link up with the IET guys? Are reclass guys treated differently than IET guys?
I know Combat Engineers don't really build anything, when I was deployed they mostly blew shit up. What is the day to day life of engineers like?
Any other advice would be appreciated. 




 Pretty much what the title says. My reup window is open, I hate my job, I hate how our points are always maxed. 

How does the reclass process work with 12b? I know those guys have OSUT, what point would I link up with the IET guys? Are reclass guys treated differently than IET guys?

I know Combat Engineers don't really build anything, when I was deployed they mostly blew shit up. What is the day to day life of engineers like? 

Any other advice would be appreciated. 




 The NAM is a socialist movement.. Not to conducive to AnarchoCapitalism. 




 I thought it would be something related to Pooh's search for honeys
 




 Except the ones that are marked "whites only". 




 This is funny because solar panels and wind turbines cannot speak IRL. 

Lol. 




 People actually comment on imdb? 




 I found your shit.. in my toilet.. because i reddit on the toilet..  




 Or he demanded they turn over their forks, which he then pawned for cash. 




 She "took" it. 




 And I am a fish with fins.  




 Following nature's template. Growing things as closely as possible to the way they naturally do.


With regards to animals, replicating a natural environment, diet, and atmosphere for them. 




 I can testify firsthand to the corruption of the third world nations...

I have seen Afghan soldiers have to be physically restrained from running away. 




 I am not an anarchist. I support a small and decentralized state for the purposes of national defense and courts.  




 Whoa... No shit. I am stationed at Fort Drum. Bottle Caps is my local beer store. 


Left Hand Brewing's Milk Stout Nitro. The very best stout on the market in my opinion. 




 A libertarian minarchist. 




 Ron Paul did. The Republican Liberty caucus does. Justin Amash does. Rand Paul kind of does. 

Establishment guys like Jeb Bush and John McCain don't, but fuck those guys. 
























 Que? 




 /u/Trollabot doctechnical 




 ^What? 




 /u/Trollabot train_subject9974 




 I don't think AR 670-1 defines the IPFU's unserviceability.

 
DA Pam 710-2-2, Supply Support Activity Supply System: Manual Procedures, 30 Sep 98, Glossary, pp. 268-276 defines unservicability as **More inclusive term than damage or destruction. It indicates, in military usage, that the article to which the term is applied is no longer useful for the intended purpose. Damage or destruction may not be involved. The term also indicates property that has deteriorated through use; however, it may include property no longer usable for its original purpose, despite the reason for its condition.**



Technically your pt's aren't unservicable, since they serve their original purpose but they are unpresentable (presentability can be determined by your CO). Unless your NCO argues that the reflective Army logo was a safety thing, in which case rubbing it off would make the shorts unservicable since they don't perform the original purpose.




Bottom line, your NCO/SNCO is gonna fucking win this war. Buy new PT's. 









 Drunk guy is at a bar pounding drinks and he notices a well dressed young man at the other end of the bar. Every time a female walks by the young man he whispers something in their ear, sometimes they look at him shocked until he says something to soothe them, but the drunk notices that several times the women accompany the young man to a private room in the back of the tavern. The drunk has observed the young man score several times today. Thd drunk thinks to himself, "what line is this man using to get all these girls? It has a pretty high success rate." and stumbles across the room and asks the young man "Shayy, what line are you ushing to get all theshe pretty women". The young man politely explains "whenever a pretty woman walks near me I whisper in her ear, 'Tickle your ass with a feather?' If she agrees, we go to the back and get kinky, on the other hand if she is offended I repeat myself 'typical nasty weather' and she thinks she just misheard me."


The drunk agrees that this is a fine line, and decides to try it before he forgets it. He stumbles out of the bar, summons a cab to drive him home, stumbles into his house where his wife is resting on the couch and propositions her "Shayy honey, can I shtick a feather in your ass?" She looks at him and replies "What did you say you drunk sonofabitch?" To which he replies "Fucking rain".






Not super dirty, but I like it. 




 A comment about how shitty 9gag is. 




 Some shower shoes. Gotta love those feet. 




 People spend a lot of time arguing about just and unjust wars. The way I see it, if you are murdering women, children, and noncombatants or committing war crimes you are fighting an unjust war. 


If you are fighting bad guys (The Taliban, Al-Qaida, ISIS, fill-in-the-blank) it may not always be a *wise* war, but that does not mean there is no justice in it. 



Its up to the politicians to decide whether we go to war, it is up to the soldiers to fight those wars honorably. We voice our opinions about the wisdom of proposed wars through the ballot box as private citizens, we actively influence the way in which our nation wages war by behaving honorably in our AO's whenever we are sent to war.  




 Is service inherently honorable?No. If you do shitty and immoral things while in uniform they are no less shitty and immoral. Can service be honorable? Absolutely. Dedicating yourself to making the world a better place and, most importantly, living for the guy to your left and right are totally honorable in my sight.

 




 "Mentee" is a legit word. Protege is also correct. Both are acceptable.




 




 Oh yes, he was a fine fellow.


I don't think it was his lie at all, if I remember correctly Ben Franklin puffed up Von Stueben's credentials to persuade Washington to hire him. 




 The "Baron" who was not actually a Baron at all, haha!


 









 On fucking point. 




 That's the same thing SGM said when I charged my cell phone on a SIPR computer... What am I missing here? 




 I really hope this is a troll. 









 Nope, the media is gonna elect him "official representative for the Army" and blast his opinions. That is how it usually works. 




 I am an active duty E-5 considering moving to the Alabama National Guard. I have heard a lot of negative things, but I was just curious what y'alls experiences have been? I am trying to score a job with the railroad in B-ham or maybe something in trucking, and stay in the Guard for a while? Has anyone had a similar experience? 




 I would love to remove Govt from the picture. As with anything, involving the government with private matters fucks them all up. 




 I don't waste my time thinking about the sexual preferences of other men. I honestly don't give a shit what any other dude likes in thd bedroom. 




 I always think /u/slothfactsbot is funny 




 We all know there are several floating around, which ones are your favorites to run into? 




 I always think /u/slothfactsbot is funny. 




 Yeah, I hate drum. Been here 3 years. I am stuck here right now trying to come down on orders. 




 Outlaw Country.


Because I am country and identify with the themes of hard work, self sufficiency, traditional southern values, and getting drunk 




 I am at Drum too. Just moved to the CAB from 3rd Brigade. 




 I don't know what you are referring to here. 




 We all know there are several floating around, which ones are your favorites to run into? 




 Another OP who thinks random=original. 


Speaking of random, I summon /u/slothfactsbot to bring us some facts about sloths. 




 Loxley, AL.


I don't have to deal with city people. 




 Yes, I meant no legal penalty. 




 Did your hadji commander tell you to post this here? 




 A lot of what we think is funny hinges on the element surprise. Jokes are all about tricking your brain by ending the story different than you expect (aka delivering the punchline).


What we percieve as cleverness is someone else stimulating our brains by inserting a common reference/relatable shared knowledge in a surprising way (for example when they make a pop culture reference at a time we did not expect a pop culture reference).


It all boils down to brain stimulation through surprise. Of course it is more complex than this,  but that is the eli5 answer. 




 Take ju-jitsu. Fighting is not an overnight skill, it takes practice. 




 Afghanistan. I learned about brotherhood, that life is most memorable when shittiest, that the problema we face over here are petty and not worth crying over, and that I don't need half as much stuff as I think I do. 




 I do support the existence of unions. I said that in my first post. I am all for folks *voluntarily* joining together to bargain for healthcare or anything else. I just do not support using the state to achieve those goals. I also stated I would not join a union because as of yet there are none who want to further my goals.


I oppose abortion because I believe it to be a violation of the nonaggression principle, and therefore the lawful domain of state intervention. I believe the state should punish/prevent acts of aggression, since I believe a fetus to be a human entitled to full human rights, extinguishing their life is an act of aggression. 




 You are right, my bad. Corrected. 




 My goals are

1. Deregulation of the markets. Unions advocate for *more* market regulation. I do not support welfare, federal organizations like OSHA, or any other federal market legislation.

2. Total freedom of association. If a business owner does not want to serve or hire someone based on race, religion, or bias, he has that right. Although it is apalling, I believe each individual owns the products of their labor, and can refuse to give those products to anyone for any reason.

3. Many unions support abortion coverage in an employment contract. I do not believe abortions are moral and therefore oppose this.

4. I oppose the state forcing employers to provide healthcare for their employees. While it is moral, and good business practice, the details of an employment contract are for the employee and employer to decide through bargaining the state has no place in the matter.  




 Unions are fine, but should remain voluntary. Individuals must be free to join and leave a union at will. Forced unionization is an infrigement on the right of voluntary association. There should be no penalty for refusal to join a union. 


I would not join a union because there are none whose goals match my own, but if others want to join one it does not bother me.


One important distinction. Progressives and Liberals (in the modern sense) tendto view the world collectively. We view the world through an individualists perspective. My class, race, and cuture do not represent me and I do not represent them. I am my own person, distinct from my class, race, and cultural heritage.  




 I cannot access the republican sub. 




 We aren't emotionally charged bleeding hearts who spend every spare moment on deployment opening up about our feelings and political persuasions..


-Soldier. 




 He was one of only 19 men to win the MOH twice, one of only 2 to win them in separate conflicts. He was an amateur boxer, Marine, fought in the Boxer Rebellion, Banana Wars, and WW1.
During the Battle of Belleau Wood in WW1, he is purported to have yelled to the men of his company, Come on, you sons of bitches, do you want to live forever? in order to motivate them to charge the Germans. He was offered the chance to commission as an officer twice, declining both times because he would rather be an outstanding sergeant than just another officer."
[This is him rocking both of his MOH's](http://i.imgur.com/aQiOytq.jpg) Seems like one salty-ass motherf*cker. 




 Apparantly he was one of only 19 men to receive the MOH twice, one of only 2 to receive them in separate conflicts. He was an amateur boxer, Marine, fought in the Boxer Rebellion, Banana Wars, and WW1. 


During the Battle of Belleau Wood in WW1, he is purported to have yelled to the men of his company, Come on, you sons of bitches, do you want to live forever? in order to motivate them to charge the Germans. He was offered the chance to commission as an officer twice, declining both times because he would rather be an outstanding sergeant than just another officer."

[This is him rocking both of his MOH's](http://imgur.com/aQiOytq) Seems like one salty-ass motherf*cker.


Edit; changed "win" to "receive" 




 Please add me to the Republicans. 




 Why is ending drug prohibition unrealistic? Drug decriminalization and even legalization has been accomplished in many developed nations. If the US is such a haven for liberty and freedom, why can't we do it too?



My end goal would be total legalization. Your body is your own and you alone get to choose what substances your body uses. Realistically I would like to see significant reduction in drug penalties, lower sentences, turn drug crimes into misdemeanors. I would like to cut all funding to national agencies' operations against drugs, especially the DEA.  




 There is no such thing as stress cards, and never has been. 




 I would not necessarily be repealing all aspects of the ACA, just the mandate. 




 1. MEPs is basically just a very long set of examinations, physical, mental, bloodwork, xrays, etc. Once deemed fit it is also where you sign your contract. Basic is tough but simple. It is stressful, drill sergeants will scream at you and get in your face, but as long as you follow basic i structions you will be fine.

2. The cutoff age is 42 for enlistment.

3. Being in the Reserves or National Guard means you go to drill one weekend a month, and two weeks out of the year. Sometimes they deploy and you get active duty pay. Active duty soldiers are on cal 24/7, usually work Mon thru Fri depending on your job.

4. goarmy.com has a list of all possible jobs. Not all of these will be available though. Depending on your ASVAB score and the dates school seats are open.

5. n/a

6. They don't *have* to move with you. If you want to live away from them. You typically stay at one duty station between 3-5 years at a time. As long as you are in the Army you have to move where they tell you to when they tell you to. They will pay for your family to come along and provide accomodations, but if you choose to leave your family behind it is your choice.

7. Yes. When a leader tells you to respond, you respond. No matter how minute or pointless the thing they tell you to do is, you will do it because they own your ass. If you have a temper and a tendency to snap off/talk back to authorith, the drill sergeants in basic willl resolve that issue quickly.



The Army is not for everyone. If you are just looking for benefits, you will be disappointed. There is piles and piles of BS that falls on you the minute you join. At the same time it is rewardinf, enabling, and something you will never forget. 




 A libertarian supporting government intervention in the markets? Embarrassing.


I am also a Libertarian-Republican. I would offer extreme immigration reform, marriage equality, ending the drug war, stopping NSA spying, and cuts in defense.


In return I would ask for support auditing the Federal Reserve, repealing the Patriot act, a systematic removal of gun control, cutting the IRS drastically, and the repeal of the healthcare mandate.  




 You should try him, he is perspective broadening and important to the genre. You may not like him, but there is value to his work. 




 Faulkner. 


I am a huge Southern Gothic and Southern Lit fan, but I have read nearly everything Faulkner has written and not liked it. 




 There are still deployments, some of them combat, some of them more humanitarian. Most folks end up doing overseas tours of some kind whether it is Africa, Afghanistan, or chilling in Guam. There is no way to predict accurately whether you will see combat. 



If you are not deployed you will be training to deploy. In and out of the field, big field exercises, going to the range to become more accurate on your weapon etc. 




 [Long legged guitar pickin man](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=0_59br5LAU0) by Johnny Cash and June Carter.



This is how we talk to each other, and we are huge Johnny and June fans. 




 Yeah.... No. 




 Not in the NG from the stories I have heard. 




 Lexington Steele. 


Obvious Reasons. 




 You are just talking about American city folks.



I eat Sheep, Venison, Turkey, Rabbit, Quail, Dove, Pheasent and many others on a very regular basis. 



 




 Just because you can put a bunch of random words together does not mean you are funny. More folks need to figure this out. 




 Adolph.


Something about not preheating his oven properly. 




 "Free" and "taxpayer funded" are two very different things. 




 "That dress *did* make your butt look fat!" 




 They are probably ashamed about it, and probably are using it in an unhealthy way to deal with some other issue or insecurity.  I would try to get them to get help for the core issues/insecurities that cause them to drink. 




 Red-what? 




 A lock box to lock your cell phone in.  




 Obviously the Portal Gun. 




 Adolf Hitler and Adam Sandler. 




 I can't really thing of anything. I have a pretty calloused stomach, worn rough by my experiences.  




 Being politically incorrect. 




 Army;

They are kids. Kids act like kids. Everyone needs to calm the fuck down. Hypernationalism usually comes from folks who don't have a clue what real sacrifice is all about. 



The parent needs to teach their kids about respect, and respecting things other people find valuable. I would say letting your kids run wild on an object others find solemn probably indicates you haven't taught them about respect well enough. 


But no, I am not offended.  




 Freckles.  




 I love steak in the mornings. Steak and Eggs is my birthday breakfast every year. 




 For me it will always be [this](http://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ)


I will never see a more accurate personification of Satan himself. 









 Came from a trailer park in South Alabama. I have now achieved a comfortable lifestyle through the military, and look forward to a very comfortable life after I retire (in 16 years) 




 I can't remember. It has been too long. 




 Loyalty. Sticking by you when everyone else ditches you. 




 The reasons I become friends with girls has no corollation to the reasons the males mentioned in your OP became friends with you. The only way you are going to find out the answer to this question is to be direct and ask them.


I become friends with females for the same reasons I become friends with males; I share some common interest or perspective with them and benefit from their presence. 


If I want more than friendship with a girl I will be very clear and direct about my desires/intentions. 


My perspective is not indicative of the whole male gender though. The males you mention could share my outlook, or they could think totally different. The only way you will find out is to ask.. 




 Its a laser range finder/long range recon system.


Read about it [here](https://www.strategypage.com/military_photos/long_range.aspx) 




 No, I have not deified anything. The Word is not a divine entity, but is the true Word of the only God. It should be worshipped as the one true revelation of God.



The Holy Spirit has many roles. He reveals the scriptures to those whom he will, he works upon the hearts of men to prepare them to recieve the Word, he impressed the Word upon the hearts/minds of the writers of the Holy Scriptures, etc.


Are you asking if the Holy Spirit can reveal God outside of Scriptures? If so, yes he *can*, it is physically possible, but he does not. God has ordained that his word would be the final and closed revelation of himself. 




 Super right wing evangelical conservative. Runs with the like of Glenn Beck. Not someone I would associate with. 




 The direct Word of God. The complete and closed revelation of Himself. 




 Libertarianism advocates a free and voluntary society wherein each individual has the liberty to behave and act any way they wish as long as they do not aggress against another individual's life, liberty, or property. 




 Murder their family and leave a note written in blood on their wall that says "you're next". 




 A bit. Not every girl can rock every hairstyle. i am not a fan of short hair, and I freakin love neon dyed hair.  




 The same bar of Lava soap I use on my body. Shampoo is overrated. 




 Sure. A lot of folks have done so it the past. As far as I know it is not against sub rules. 




 We had/have no endgame. They just want to drag this war out until it no longer makes politicians money. That is my opinion. Just like Vietnam and Korea. No endgame, no good planning, just something that made the politicians look good at the time.


We should have gone in there with the sole purpose of retaliation for their attacks. Shock and awe, obliterate them and their hold, then leave. 




 Nobody owes you anything.  




 I was at Forward Operating Base Shank in Eastern Afghanistan.


I think originally the war in Afghanistan was justified, but politicians put their stupid heads into it. It does not take 13 years to win a war. We should have been done a long time ago, it is not our job to build a nation. Iraq was never justified. Saddam was a bad guy, but ISIS is a helluva lot worse. I don't trust politicians, and I don't think they have our best interests in mind. They don't give a shit how many young kids die overseas as long as they can make it look like they died for something. Since Korea we have been doing the same shit, and young American kids have been paying for the politicians records.



That being said, i fought and lived for my brothers. We were not fighting good or decent people, they deserved every bit of firepower we used against them. I don't regret it, I would do it again. I just wish people cared still. I wish folks cared about the guys who died. I wish people would learn that war is costly and should always be a last resort. 




 Move home to Alabama, buy a few acres and raise sheep. 




 Because western society is pretty self centered and narcissistic. Folks are taught from a young age that the world revolves around their feelings/emotions, and all that matters is that they are happy all the time. 


 




 Lazy motherfuckers.  




 Whenever it is fitting. I cry when friends die, huge emotional events, etc.



There is nothing wrong with men crying. There is something wrong with anyone crying over petty shit.  




 Must be a Navy thing, I don't know. We have MWR sponsored boating and sailing for enlisted and officers alike 




 If he is trying to "hook up on the meat market" he needs to grow the fuck up and stop looking for one night stands. 




 Haha its a little trailer trash town without a whole lot to see, but I love the place. 




 I am from Loxley, but we had our party in Dothan. 




 There is a weird cultural image that a lot of folks have that says a woman who approaches a man is too forward/brash. 




 They don't add value to my life. I personally feel like they would be a waste of my time. I have hobbies already (gardening, hunting, fishing etc) and I am a voracious reader. There is nothing about video games that appeals to me. 


 




 Soldier. 



The effects of White Phosphorus on a human being. 




 At my bachelor party (in Alabama) we smoked cigars, had whiskey tasting, and had some fine steaks. 



P. S. Stay away from strip clubs. 




 His generals were brutal and heartless bastards, he waged war in a brutal way. He was a politically skillfull person. I don't buy the "honest Abe with a big ole heart" persona. He was an imperialist with little respect for the idea of decentralization. 




 When you fulfill your responsibilities and live for more than self gratification. 




 Nope, I have yet to get into videogames. 




 The first time mortars fell from the sky in Afghanistan.  




 Because they don't just accept the most qualified parents. It is pretty easy to become a foster parent. As with most large programs, it is really easy to cheat the system. 




 Be interesting and well rounded. I am in the military too. 

Take advantage of every opportunity for adventure, read good books, and be kind to everyone. If you have interesting experiences and connect with many folks you would be surprised at how many opportunities for female companionship will present themselves. 




 Any sort of compliment, especially from ladies. Deapite what men say, we love when women compliment us. 




 Thank you for your service sir. I am a veteran of the Afghanistan war myself. I was curious, what advice would you have for young veterans like myself? Is there anything you would like to say to young veterans?



 




 A 12 mile ruck march. 




 It is a good forum to practice social interaction. Sure, some people just come here to be dicks but some of us actually enjoy interacting with folks from different backgrounds and with different perspectives. Reddit can be a good place to learn how to politely disagree with somone. 




 Character I would like to resemble/identify with;  **Atticus Finch**


Character I actually identify with; **Forrest Gump** 




 That I would only make a Reddit account to *lurk every now and then*... 




 Tattoos are a strong part of the military tradition. I agree with that. Most military folks (including myself) have several tattoos. That being said, there have to be standards. The Army has no problem if you have tattoos, they just have to follow certain guidelines. The Army will change as the culture changes though. 



No, our recruit pool will not grow slim. We are kicking good soldiers out as it is to meet force realignment. For every kid who doesn't meet the minimum enlistment requirements, there are a dozen other who do meet the standards. 

 




 You are going to have to face this phobia at some point. Getting your blood drawn isn't an Army thing, it is a life thing. Why not go ahead and face this fear with the resources the Army has to offer? 




 I don't necessarily agree with the tat regulations (especially regarding sleeves) but the military is not the place to accept every individual and make everyone feel good. It is not s problem, it is a lifestyle. It is not about being free to be the individual you are, that is antithetical to the military lifestyle.



We have polypro's. They are not practical for year round wear, too hot many kids would pass the fuck out. Plus, at least in the Army, your arms are already always covered by your blouse. You don't need an extra layer. 




 If you would like a high level of discipline, hard work ethic, the ability to totally broaden your horizons and encounter the world in a first person way; this is the job for you.


I am a soldier. Been all over the world, saw a lot of shit, grew up a lot really quick, I am responsible for millions of dollars and the lives of my friends every day. I can retire at 39 and get a pension and healthcare, with plenty of time (and a phenomenal resume) to embark on another career. Oh, and sometimes I get to blow shit up and drive big trucks. And I can say the work fuck in every sentence without getting in trouble with my boss. I fuckin' love my job.


Advice for folks who wanna come into my career field;

1. Don't smoke weed.

2. Don't get in trouble with the law.

3. Don't be a lazy fuck.

That pretty much covers all the bases. 




 1. What huge problem with tattoos? 


2. We already have something similar. Of course you would never wear it under rolled up sleeves because that would look even more unprofessional than some think tattoos look. 




 Put it in a Roth IRA for retirement. You will be set when you are older. 




 Me too 




 Bath and Body Works Sensual Amber. Always has been my favorite. 




 It is warmer than Fort Drum. 




 Be a mother fucker. 




 Have you never stepped foot in the South? We drink gallons of sweet tea a day. 




 Huge. It is larger than my palm. That green notebook it is sitting on is around the size of a waitress pad. 




 I will likely never stop having income. I come from a breed of folks who always have a job until they die. Also, since I intend to continue my military career for the full 20 years, so I will get a retirement pension from them.

Nonetheless, I will withdraw the money when I officially retire from fulltime work. By the time I officially pull my money out it will likely be in the millions.  









 "Remember the days when you actually had to choose your own meals? The hassle of choosing the cuts of meat, the sauces, the vegetables. Now, thanks to the almighty state of Ultron, your hassles are gone! You simply have to walk down to your local meal dispensary, ensuring you arrive between the hours of 0900 and 0925 and recieve your daily ration of whale blubber and three saltine crackers. Choose Ultron for the hassle free life!" 




 I am dying to be stationed in Europe just so I could sample these places for myself. 




 What are beef hula hoops? 




 Shepherds pie is one of my favorite comfort foods. 

I feel like UK pubs are so much classier than ours. If I asked my local bar for roast dinner they would laugh me right out. 




 Aren't those like potato chips in the US? 
























 Hey y'all, not sure if this is the right subreddit. I am looking for a charity/ nonprofit to volunteer with and donate to, but I'm having a helluva time wading through the sheer volume.. I thought maybe y'all could help?


I am an Army vet with combat experience,Does anyone know of a charity that I can volunteer with to teach/promote literacy amongst incarcerated folks? I mean like getting in the prison and teaching writing, poetry, speech, reading classes, or even just leading a book club..  




 Nice try ISIS 




 720p 




 Because I get shot at. 


Oh, wait nevermind, that shit is fun.



Because I have to deal with privates. 




 I pop my dog in a disciplinary way. If he disobeys, gets hardheaded etc I will spank him. Always openhanded, and always on his rear. He is now well trained and I rarely have to discipline him at all.  




 No, Saul did not have a healthy commitment to God's law, or he would have believed in the messiah. Saul had a self centered and prideful outward appearance of obedience, but an inward rejection of the truth of God's law (namely the deity of Christ and legitimacy of his claims). 


You cannot be truly committed to the Law of God without being regenerate.  




 Whitewash whitewash in my eye

Falling from a birdie in the sky

I'm a soldier so I don't cry

But I'm sure glad that cows can't fly. 




 Yes, and you have to have actually been in a conflict.


 









 Join man, we need young blood. The VFW is a little more exclusive than the Legion because you have to have a campaign ribbon to join the VFW, but they are both phenomenal organizations. 




 Wrong use of "capitol". It is spelled "capital" when referring to a city, "capitol" is the brick and mortar building in which the legislature meets. 




 It always is, just remember people care about you. If you ever need someone to talk to, reach out. I am here if nobody else is. 




 Love is rooted in obedience. In John 14:15, Christ gives the basic equation. If we love him we will keep his commandments. Love for God is based in a healthy fear of his awesome power, commitment to his Law, and an equal and opposite hatred for the things that violate his law. 

You won't always feel the mushy gushy love stuff. Love isn't the twitterpated hearty eyes our culture says it is.  




 That's all? Does it actually affect air flow? 




 I am 22, Afghanistan vet, and active VFW member. I love the VFW. They are one of the oldest VSOs around, and do tons for vets. Many young guys have an image of the VFW/Legion as a smoky, shitty bar full of drunk old farts. While some VFWs are like this, blanketing the whole organization as such is totally off base. Let me make some points.


1. Joining a VSO is about what you can give to the organization not what you get out of it. Many vets our age (and millenials in general) act pretty entitled. There has been an influx of new veterans organizations all about giving shit to vets, meanwhile these old vets and old VSOs are operating on a totally different premise. If you aren't looking for free shit or a pat on the back, but are looking to give back and continue your life of service, the VFW is a great place to be. The VFW offers many ways to get involved, showing up en masse to lonely vets funerals who die in nursing homes, getting involved with local organizations like habitat for humanity, getting involved with local politics to fight for vets, scholarship funds for vets kids, and even a home for orphans of war. 


2. Many guys discount these old VSOs because of the large number of Korea/Vietnam/old crusty vets. Doing so overlooks a huge resource. These guys have been there, done that, and seen most of the issues we are now facing. They make phenomenal (and willing) mentors. Sometimes the reason VFW bars are full of crusty old vets is because they have nowhere else to go where folks understand them. 

3. I have been very enriched by my experience with the VFW. The old guys in my post have given me solid (and sometimes blunt) advice, I have been able to continue civic service by volunteering with habitat for humanity and attending old vets funerals when they have nobody else. If your local post isn't perfect, none of us are so give them a break, join and make a difference. 


 




 I first learned about the Oath keepers because many of the porta-johns in Afghanistan have graffiti advertising their organization. On occasion I have seen their name pop up in Libertarian circles (Ron Paul rallys, Libertarian Republican caucus meetings, etc). Upon googling them, I understand their purpose and the gist of who they are, but I am curious if anyone can tell me more specific details. Are they a Libertarian organization? Are they Tea Party conspiros? What exactly do they do?  




 There are so many charities out there. Which nonprofit is the one closest to your heart, and why should others support it? 




 1. Scott Walker and Rand are two very different politicians. Walker is a traditional conservative. Paul is a Libertarian-Republican


2. The President does not have a ton of power. Presidents cannot totally change the nation on their own.


3. Paul would likely support marajuanna legalization, same sex marriage, a reduction in US military intervention, abolishment of the NSA spying program, and a reduction of Federal involvement in the markets  









 Thank you! Looks like a lot of great tips, I will check this out. 









 Hunting, camping, tinkering, grilling, whiskey and tobacco pipes 




 No, it does not 




 Yeah, I also cook in the kitchen. My ham biscuits are A+.  




 Cool, be yourself. You are entitled to your own opinions. If you want to disrespect folks who are different than you, I can't change you. 




 [This is likely a wonderful site for green blooded American men](http://www.irishamericannews.com) 




 Hey y'all, I am looking for new websites to browse. I am an avid reader of the *Art of Manliness* website, and was wondering if y'all knew of any similar sites. If you aren't into the whole traditional masculinity thing that's cool, but it is my lifestyle. Can anyone recommend some web destinations that I might enjoy? Topics I am looking for include; blue collar lifestyle, beer, grilling, tools, military, etc.  




 Former Marine Corps Commandant James "Mad Dog" Mattis.


Because he is a proven leader with balls, professionalism, and not giving a fuck. 




 [This cover](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=v-x88h7xAv8) of *I Wanna Be A Billionaire* by The Cleverlys, a comedy bluegrass act.



Or if you are looking for serious; [this cover of Seven Nation Army](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=K3bEV7SaatQ) by an absolutely adorable foreign girl. 




 I am leaving for 91A reclassification school in November.


Will I clear my current duty station before AIT or will I come back and clear upon graduation?


Will I get BAH for my current duty station (Drum) or for my AIT (Benning)?


Will I keep my Corporal rank in AIT?
 




 Yeah, I don't know why more military folks don't want them. Portable, cheap, and sustainable 




 Sustainability  is not a fad, it is a necessity.  




 Made a bourbon and brown sugar marinated flank steak on the grill, a six pack of Miller High Life, and a full garage of loved ones. 




 Credit card debt, my TSP, a down payment on a new Toyota, and the rest is sitting in my tinyhome fund. 




 I have found they are very useful for getting close kills in COD. 




 Blunt talk; 


There is a middle ground. Women do not want a controlling jerk, but they don't want a pushover pussy either. Make decisions. If you are going to take her out somewhere, think ahead and choose something, make a tentative plan. Don't just make decisions to make decisions, but use what you know she likes, and other info to make an informed decision. At the same time, you need to listen to her opinions, take them to heart, and add those to your internal database for future decisions. She does not want to be shut out of the decision making process, she just wants you to take initiative and action. 




 Show his heart to someone. 


I am a tattooed, gun toting, red meat grilling, wrench turning American Veteran. The moments I feel most proud of as a man are the ones in which I opened my heart to another and allowed her to see me for who I am.


 




 No. I'm not a butthurt baby. If stuffed animals help her sleep, awesome. If she got one as a gift from an ex, good, at least he was not totally useless. 


No, I do not have a stuffed animal, but I do have a 105 lb bloodhound with flappy lips who sometimes sleeps in the bed, which is just about the same thing. 




 Volunteer. Get involved with your local habitat for humanity, food pantry, boy scouts or something. The types of people who volunteer have a real sense of community, and generally have other enriching qualities.


I am an active member of my VFW, and I have made so many great connections through volunteer work, it really works. 




 A pail of oysters, collard greens with a ham neck, cathead biscuits, and a big jug of sweet tea. 




 Jefferson thought that the American Revolution was a spark that would ignite liberty around the world. He advocated a worldwide awakening to "the spirit of `76". This belief coupled with his natural francophilia explain his ardent (sometimes radical) support for the French Revolution even after it turned chaotic. Other founders were not so enthusiastic. France went a different direction than the US, excluding moderate voices like Lafayette in favor of truly radical revolutionaries. 

All in all, I think the colonies proved that liberty could win, and that big empires could be defeated and in so doing acted as a touchstone for the French (who consequently used much of Jefferson's advice in their early Assembly of Notables) but ultimately each event had their own causes and sparking moments. 




 Buy some cigars, grill some good cuts of red meat, and buy a nice bottle of whiskey. Everything else will fall into place naturally.  




 I would not take any government welfare under any circumstance. I believe in earning my wages.  




 My date is November as well, we might be together. 




 Do you have any clue what AIT will be like as an MOS-T?  




 How often do Tank maintainers go to the field?  




 Speaking from an OPC perspective. 


We are staunch Calvinists and infant baptizers, we worship according to the Regulative Principle.


The Westminter Shorter Catechism is probably the best TLDR. 




 Sweet, I am a Cpl. hoping points drop so I can pick up my 5 before I go. 




 I will not be at Fort Lee, 91A AIT is at Benning. 




 Lamb. Absolutely delicious 









 Hey y'all, I just locked away a school seat to reclass to 91A (Abrams maintainer). Can anyone give me more info?? What would AIT be like for a MOS-T? What about garrison and deployment life? 




 Recording lunar cycles seems to have a long connection to gardening, they are still included in many farmer's almanacs and gardening books.


What effect does the moon/lunar cycles have on gardening? 




 I have not overwatered, they have been in good sunlight. I thought maybe nitrogen deficiency?


 I have  red sail and romaine varieties, all are looking droopy and flat. 




 The Bhagavad Gita, directed by the prophet Muhammad. 




 My bachelor party. First we went to a local tobacconist and had superb cigars and scotch. Then we headed to the party location (a cabin my buddy owns on the Gulf Coast) where we grilled Angus burgers and fresh caught crab.


T'was a wild night. 




 An old man who wears fine  cardigans and smells of pipe tobacco and wood. 




 Manure, horse or cow manure.  




 I used a bagged humus/manure fertilizer in conjuction with MiracleGro topsoil on my vegetable garden. The smell is potent/ and my garden is near a high traffic walkway. Will the smell go away? If so, how long? 




 Blue collar= traditional values, physical dexterity, simple living, kinda rowdy, set in his ways, strong work ethic, bluntness and honesty.


White collar= more progressive, vague skills oftentimes, more selfcentered, higher standard of living with regards to physical things..



I am totally blue collar, and always will be. Veteran, gearhead, beer drinker, and fairly conservative. 




 What qualities do you associate with blue collar men and white collar men?



Which do you associate with more? 




 Drink beers, eat chicken and ribs, listen to country music, and hang out with the othr regulars. 




 Is there anywhere I can find an easy one stop place for truck news, custom trucks, etc? 




 That is what I fell for. I am trying to reclass into the Combat Engineer field or something in the 13 series 




 What do you prefer about combat arms  over support? 




 Where do y'all go to get your NASCAR fix for articles, opinion,  and analysis? 




 I plan on throwing a couple racks of pork ribs on the grill next week for a get together. I do not know where to start.


I know I want to use a dry rub, because I am not a big fan of sauce. I have a basic weber charcoal grill.


Help me out? Recipes, tips? 




 Every unit I have been in had fine, positive medics, who visited us when we were knee deep in shit. They rucked with us, convoyed with us,dug fighting positions with us,and talked like us. Many of them also inentionally reached out to soldiers in a positive way.


I always felt most Chaplains were pretty removed from the line..



Maybe I am just drunk. 




 I would not ever get a piercing because I think they are lame. The circles I run in don't contain men with piercings.


That being said, I don't really give a fuck about what another man does with his body 




 Inside a clamshell that got hit with a White Phosphorus mortar in Afghanistan. 




 How were you treated? What did your recieving unit think of you? What was OSUT/AIT like?


What are the pros and cons? 




 Yes. 




 Because you should not take drugs from strangers. 




 You are not skipping specialist. On paper they will likely show that they promoted you to SPC then laterally to Cpl.



You will be treated like a bitch. NCOs won't aaknowledge you as an NCO untl they have a bitch ass detail that requires an NCO. SPC will tell you to fuck off if you try to pull rank on them. Cpl's get all the responsibility, none of the pay, and very little of the authority of a sgt. 


Sometimes being a cpl makes your PSG want to send you to the board. More often, they realize they dont need to hurry and send you to the board. 




 The government stole the moneu from its citizens through threat of coercive force, and then gave it to Tesla.



If I stole 100 dollars from you by threatening to throw you in a cage if you did not give it to me, then took that hundred dollars and loaned it to a poor inventor who later paid it back to me, is it moral? 




 No way, I am from Baldwin County Alabama, been to Enterprise several times.


Dothan's peanut festival is a lot of fun. 




 Because of George Washington Carver.


Seriously, the South was saved by the peanut, and it has become a very common part of our culture.  




 Yeah, same here. Had a briefing from our BC, stupid stuff. 




 girls; white tank tops and nice fitting jeans... 




 5 days a week.

Mon; Run between 4 and 6 miles

Tues, Core/muscle failure

Wed - Sprints/31 61's

Thurs- core/muscle failure

Fri- Alternate between another 4-6 mile run and a 6-8 mile ruck march 




 No, I carried it on deployment. I just had a phenomenal armorer who replaced everything in a timely manner and ensured services were done on time. 




 I would join whatever resistance movement springs up. I am a combat veteran (so the thought of combat does not scare me silly) with several capable weapons. I come from a small town in Alabama where everyone has loads of weapons and knows how to use them. 


Pretty sure my hometown is the last place you wanna attack. 




 Hmmm, mine have always worked like a charm. Maybe I have just been lucky. 




 Yeah, I never said there wasn't anything bigger. I love the 240b, but have not had the opportunity to carry ine. 




 I have heard a lot of different opinions. Personally I love her. She is heavy, but pulls her weight when it counts. Magazine fed just does not do it for me.



Lets hear your SAW stories, tell me about your time with the girl? 




 Licked a girl's butthole. 


Eat a girls ass and she will love you forever. 




 Hey y'all, I am consodering transitioning into trucking once I get out of the Army. I have my CDL, and 8 years of experience in the Army logistics world. Would that be enough?


What do I need to know? Is trucking profitable these days, can I make a decent living at it? I pretty much have an open map, I can move anywhere. 


Any advice? 




 You would be surprised. They like to attack at meal times.  




 Get ammo. 




 Because politicians tell us to. If folks want us home they should elect someone whose foreign policy isn't hawkish. 


 




 The worst is the kids wearing hollister jeans ans tony lamas thinking they are country... Don't know the difference between a steer and their own nutsack. 




 Fake country folks are popping up everywhere... Boots, flannel, big belt buckles. It is starting to be "cool" to be a redneck again..


As an actual trailer trash country boy it annoys the shit outta me. Be who you are and dont try to fit into some scene. 




 No. We acknowledge out marriage anniversary
 














 Your so called "blood moons" are a totally natural occurrence. [Here is a helpful infographic](http://www.space.com/images/i/000/038/377/i02/lunar-eclipse-tetrad-140408b-02.jpg?1397077348).



There is no apocalypse, religious or otherwise. I am surprised how many so called "apocalypses" I have lived through in my short life (except I am not).


Chill. Politicians are retarded. That has been a constant throughout history. So are blood moons. 




 Yeah, its pretty bad 




 Crawfish Etouffee 




 45 days. I was in the field in the Army.  




 Because that has worked well in the past? Tyranny does not beget liberty. 




 Nevermore 




 Reminding myself nobody owes me shit. The government does not owe me shit, the world does not owe me shit, and nobody else owes me shit. I have to earn it all myself. 




 Patch on the left is the [US Army North/5th Army patch](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Army_North). The patch on the right is the patch of the [US Army Ninth Corps](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/IX_Corps_%28United_States%29)

The rank is 1st Lieutenant. 



I cannot see clearly his branch insignia, is it two crossed cannons? That would be Artillery. Or crossed rifles? That would be infantry.


I cannot see his medals clearly enough to make them out.


 




 General James Mattis

Theodore Roosevelt

Ernest Hemingway

General Hal Moore

Norman Keith Collins (aka Sailor Jerry) 




 Smallpox shot. 




 And moonshine/homemade wine where I am from. 




 I have the same experience! Trailer park block parties are the best!  




 I am from a trailer park in South Alabama. I love the close knit community of my trailer park. I love how nobody puts on airs, everyone is truly free to be themselves. Attractive folks (trailer park girls are **sexy**) to unattractive folks, everyone gets along just fine. We have mechanics, retirees, a hooker, and a charter fishermen (among other trades). We are diverse ethnically, we listen to different types of music, we have different religions but we all get along. In my trailer park everyone is poor, but not ashamed of our poverty. So we don't make much, we get by through brow sweat and elbow grease. 



I think my trailer park is the paradise many folks are looking for, but they are too busy looking down their nose at us to see it. 




 What aspects of your trailer park do you love/hate? What stereotypes are false about trailer parks? Which are true? 




 Vets should be respectful and compassionate members of their community, not be the stereotypical hurt feelings, bent out of shape at the smallest provocation alpha male.


There is a big difference between the way older vets went back to their communities, and the way some of our generation's vets do. 




 I agree with calling them out, so does the article, but we have to call them out in a way that doesn't hinder civilian-veteran relationships. Let the civilians understand *why* this is wrong, don't just get belligerent and profane. 




 I agree with calling them out, so does the article, but we have to call them out in a way that doesn't hinder civilian-veteran relationships. Let the civilians understand *why* this is wrong, don't just get belligerent and profane. 




 Looks phenomenal!! I am jealous, currently on a field training exercise eating Army food. 




 Odd, looks like OP is pretending to be a bot his recent answers are random and bot like, but his early answers and questions are somewhat coherent. 


I'll chalk it up as a troll fail. 




 I think it is totally appropriate to call out posers, watching friends die in the uniform they are disrespecting is a lifechanging experience. The point wasn't that we should not call them out, but that we should do it respectully, taking the high road. 









 That is a violation of reddiquite. Vote brigading 




 Yup, from South Alabama. 




 Reading, hunting, fishing, mudding, bonfires, etc. 




 No. No business should be forced to provide services to anyone. Each business's product/service belongs to them and is their property, they should be free to exchange their goods/services with anyone they wish, and to refuse to exchange their goods/services with whomever they wish. 




 It is not that hard. Also I would probably use my handgun. 




 Please add me 




 Michelle Rodriguez because she is the sexiest greasemonkey I have ever seen. 




 *through 




 Tampon on a female's wedding day while walking down the aisle. 




 That sounds like just what I am looking for! Tactical advice from basic training washout!

Thanks! 




 I shave every morning at 430. But as a military man I don't have a choice. 




 10/10 would respond the same way, except he would be deader than dead. 




 Can anyone recommend high quality/interesting military podcasts dealing with professional/noncom development, news, or other military topics? 




 Portal Gun, obviously 




 Yeah, I have known too many privates end up with a stripper or a hooters girl they have known for three days (no offense towards those fine professions) 




 I am a soldier. I am regularly away from home for weeks, months, even a year at a time and I cant spend my whole time away thinking about my wife. We love each other, but we also understand that when I am on the job I am on the job.



The first date flutters go away, it gets deeper, more meaningful. The test of deep and true love is the ability to focus on other things, not having to constantly obsess over your SO without losing power. 



If your relationship is harming your worklife, it is unhealthy.  




 Please explain the button at /r/thebutton 




 Stars and Stripes is reporting the same thing [here](http://www.stripes.com/news/us/army-set-to-ease-tattoo-rules-1.337959). I consider them a little more reliable.



That being said, don't get any tats before you see it in Army doctrine. 




 Stranger danger; if they give you the gold they want one of your holes. 
























 Sure, [i love adding new folks too](https://www.goodreads.com/user/show/28108653-jash-comstock) 




 I am a goodreads user, as I am sure many of you are, and I am trying to up my review game. I want to contribute and participate in quality and thoughtful dialogue about the books I read. What makes a great review? What format tips, content tips, or other suggestions would you make to someone trying to improve their reviews? 




 Jesus was not a politician. In fact he tended to stay out of political discussions altogether (Matt. 22:21) 




 In the tsp website (not my pay). Once you enroll you should get a letter outlining how to log on 




 This is the answer I was looking for, thanks. 




 I realize it is already diversified, I never said it was not. But there is a spectrum of funds to contribute to, and I was just curious if there is any value to contributing to more than one. 









 Either would be fine with me 




 Can anyone recommend books documenting U.S history from a multicultural perspective? Something that explores the various influences that melted into the pot of our melting pot? Specifically African and Hispanic influences on early American thought, history, and culture. 




 I am a progressive Democrat and I agree with you. Background checks and registration are about as far as much gun control as I support. I am a proud gun owner myself. 




 Arguably it was FDR's fleet of weapons that saved England from being captured. They were pretty much done for on their own.



And if they had been occupied, I sincerely doubt that it would have meant global domination for the Nazis. The U.S. was not even in the picture at that point, FDR and the Russians likely would have routed the Nazis even without the help of England. 




 The zombie apocalypse has come, but you are able to teleport any world leader from the past or present to take charge of your nation to respond to the apocalypse. Who do you choose and why? 




 Considering the ridiculous gaggle that is the Republican party, he might not be as done as you think he is. 




 One of the things I admire the most about Bill Clinton's legacy is his emphasis on a peace-oriented foreign policy. Hillary seems to have a more hawkish legacy, support for the Iraq war, a hawkish time as Sec. Of State. 



What do y'all think?  




 As a working class Centrist Democrat I have long felt my party was moving away from me, Jim Webb inspires my optimism. I know he is unlikely to win against Clinton, but it is nice to know that my party isn't totally progressive. 









 Donald Trump 




 From what I understand the Army used to have two enlisted promotion tracks, one for leaders/NCOs and one for technocal experts (spc4 etc)

Why did we stop? Has pushing all soldiers into a leadership track had a serious impact on the NCO corps? Do you think we should go back to that practice? 




 Weird question I know. I do not see them as much anymore, but in old photos I always see Democrats wearing flat round straw hats (kind of like Barbershop Quartet straw hats) to conventions and stiff, usually with a patriotic band around the hat.. Can anyone explain whether this is strictly a Democrat thing and where it started? 




 Also, grouchy ass soldiers typically are preferable in the field to relaxed and comfortable soldiers. Ain't nothing wrong with a few bad attitudes every now and then 




 That he served with the [7th Infantry Division](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/7th_Infantry_Division_(United_States)) 



















 Afghanistan. Totally different culture, and totally different experience being in a third world country 




 Dude is lucky to have a girl who trusts him against such accusations! 




 I'd like to participate! 




 I am interested in history, gardening, fiction/literature, travel, and writing. I am fairly friendless (though not exactly antisocial). Anyone want to be my friend? 




 Depends on what you mean by "check out". Finding a girl attractive is totally natural, and appreciating it is totally ok in my book. Slobbering over her like a piece of meat is something else altogether. 




 I am a 22 year old bookworm and very shy with women/females and just want to expand my friend base to include more women. I thought perhaps reddit would be a good place to overcome my lifelong shyness with girls. I hope I am not coming off as pathetic/creepy, just looking for friends..  




 I am very shy with women/females and just want to expand my friend base to include more women. I thought perhaps reddit would be a good place to overcome my lifelong shyness with girls. I hope I am not coming off as pathetic/creepy, just looking for friends.. 




 I love firearms. I go to the range, hunt, and other firearm related hobbies.



I am also a huge gearhead, I love working on my motorcycle. 









 Take a dance class. There are no downsides.

1. You will be more confident.


2. Ladies generally find dancing attractive. 

3. If you are single, dance classes are often a great place to meet other singles.




 




 Whenever I talk to most kids near my age I think *god my generation is a bunch of fucking morons*. 



I do not like to identify as a millenial. 




 Short answer; because Turkey has been at odds with the Kurds (the folks fighting ISIS) for a very long time. Many of the Peshmergas that are fighting ISIS now were fighting Turkey not long ago. 



They want ISIS to beat the Kurds (though they won't admit it) 









 One of the soldiers I serve with is originay from Sri Lanka and will not stop bragging about the country. This has really made me want to see the place for myself, but I do not hear about a lot of Sri Lanka tourism. 


**Length** Around a week. 


I love exploring Buddhist sacred places, and love seeing places that are out of the typical tourist paths. I have heard quite a bit about Sri Lanka's tea and spice production, this would be interesting to learn about first hand. I love food and am a lretty adventurous traveller.



Can anyone speak from experience about travelling to Sri Lanka? Any recommendations or warnings? What about websites, books, or articles about Sri Lanka that would be useful for my travel research.?
 




 I do not think English as a major was a mistake. College was a mistake. I have tons of debt, no job, and I am only now getting trained in a trade that can actually profit me. Many college grads are unemployed, while certified and unionized allied trade workers have phenomenal jobs. College is not for everyone, and do not let anyone tell you that you need to go to college to be successful. You need to have skills to be successful. There are other ways to procure those skills than college. Trade school, apprenticeship, the military etc can all make you *way* more successful than college and are way cheaper.. 


It is something to think about. 




 Yup. American high school kids are pretty much told that success= college. Blue collar jobs are seen as last resorts  by many. The truth is certified, unionized blue collar jobs make phenomenal money. Trade school is cheaper than college. Employment is way steadier and almost guaranteed in many areas. 




 I took all the basics, focused on tons of English and lit courses. I went to college (worst mistake of my life) for English, and I have been in the Army for the past four years... finally paying off debt. I wish I would have pursued trade school or an apprenticeship after highschool, college only gave me debt. 









 1. Who is your favorite Democrat President of all time?

2. Who is your favorite Republican President of all time?

3. Explain your choices. 




 I think it is significant that nearly every post 9/11 vet in the house and senate is a Democrat. Nearly every veteran caucus is a Democrat majority caucus. 



Most vets benefits were initiated by Democrats; the Montgomery G.I. Bill, Post 9/11 G.I. Bill.... And then uou have the so called "Fighting Dems" who took the Hill in '06, all Veterans, all critical of how Bush handled the GWOT, all Democrats..


I just do not understand why vets would support the hawkish right... 




 Thats awesome, I just saw the 173rd flag and was curious 




 Did you serve with The Herd? 




 Your father sounds like an amazing man. Thank you for sharing! 




 That is awesome! 














 


You made some really great points. I had never thought about how lower income people spend more money on things that actually benefit the economy, while higher income people are more likely to spend their tax cut on luxuries.. 



I am not entirely sold on the idea of progressive taxes, but you certainly gave me some food for thought to chew on.. 




 Politics are not allowed in /r/military 




 Veterans overwhelmingly support Republicans. It has been this way pretty much since FDR.. As a veteran myself, I see many of my brothers vehemently opposed to the Democratic party because of assumptions about our patriotism etc.. What message should our party extend to vets to let them know we are looking out for them? 




 The growth of a language as an international language is an organic thing, not something socially engineered by a board or anything. I am a native English speaker, and I agree that it is not the best language for international business use, but it is not something we can just change. It rose to power when the US spearheaded the growth of global economy. The organic nature of things like the languages people choose make it difficult to change. 




 I believe in a flat tax system, where everyone pays the same percentage of their earnings in income tax. I do not believe in a progressive tax system where richer people pay a higher percentage than poor people. I am a working class democrat, but I do not see a progressive system stimulating economic growth. It seems to me that it is punishing somebody for making more money, making it more desirable to stay in the middle class instead of encouraging people to work their way up into a higher class.. On the other hand, I believe a flat tax based would be fairer. Rich people would pay more (because 15% of a million is higher than 15% of 35'000) but would still be encouraged to leave their capital in the US economy instead of finding ways around the tax code... Can someone make a solid case for a progressive tax system directed at a working class guy like me?
_____

 *Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to* ***[read through our rules](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules)***. *If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which,* ***[downvotes don't change views](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/guidelines#wiki_upvoting.2Fdownvoting)****! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our* ***[popular topics wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/populartopics)*** *first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to* ***[message us](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/changemyview)***. *Happy CMVing!* 




 If I understand correctly, the labels *left wing* and *right wing* mean something different here in the US than the rest of the world. Is this true? 




 Yes indeed. Womens liberation and boobies  are a winning combination for me. 




 Blue dogs aren't the ones involved in this. 
























 Or Wet T-shirt Contests 




 The best you can do right now is look at their records I recommend [on the issues](http://www.ontheissues.org/default.htm).

Most of the candidates have not laid out clear cut policy stances yet, its too early in the race. For now they are just gonna talk about vague things like income inequality, climate change, etc without clearcut solutions. 




 u/ornitholoqy101 doesn't like boobs?


Neither did Stalin you commie bastard. 




 The typical chain of unit sizes goes like this; **Platoon** led by a Lieutenant and Sergeant First Class, **Company** led by a Captain and First Sergeant, **Battalion** led by a Lieutenant Colonel and Sergeant Major, **Brigade** led by a Colonel and Command Sergeant Major, and **Division** led by a General and Command Sergeant Major.


A regiment used to be the equivalent of two battalions, but now it is used by various sized units. 


An Airborne unit is a unit that is made up of Airborne Paratroopers, that trains to deploy via parachute into combat when needed. 




 Even in my dreams you blind me.

Not the kind of blind that takes away sight;

But the kind of blind that, taken breathless by a sight 

Attracts attention to that great sight in such a way 

That nothing else can be seen

For your colors are the only true colors.

Your contrast stands out against the blackness 

Like a veritable sunshine of bright eyes

And waves of hair that compete with the ocean in grace. 

I stumble around unsatisfied

For in having seen a sight so blinding

My vision remains imprinted with you.

Now, neither in this world or the one made of dreams

Could I ever have an unclouded view.

For you pump through my veins 

And leak from my pores

And my vision is blinded by you. 














 1. Emma Stone

2. Michelle Rodriguez

3. Rachel Ray (my parents never understood why 30 minute meals was a favorite show of mine)

4. Kim Possible. 









 I have often heard the phrase uses in reference to the IWW and sometimes the ILWU, but have never understood it. Can someone explain it? 




 Nothing like a little Bohemian Rhapsody.



[This is my all time favorite version](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) 




 Piss on this other guy's lawn and eat his bowl of gravy train white humping his bitch.



Edit; I am a dog. 




 Ah, the ol' [switchit redde-roo](http://www.reddit.com/r/gameofthrones/comments/39alh6/s1_spoilers_remember_when_we_all_hated_this_guy/cs2apmx?context=1) 




 I have often heard the phrase uses in reference to the IWW and sometimes the ILWU, but have never understood it. Can someone explain it? 




 Of course she has pubic hair. They are water moccasins. They won't turn a man into stone, but will make him rock hard... if you know what I mean. 









 It has been a day of sad memories, and I honestly just want to drink deeply from the bitter cup. Can y'all recommend the most melancholy songs you know? I want to be swept away by blunt force lyrics and sad, slow songs. 




 Never convicted, I was typing on my touchscreen.  














 You obviously have no clue what Capitalism is. None of those nations have free and unregulated economies. They are mixed economies. 


Workers own the means of production in those nations through cooperatives, and are backed up by very strict economic regulation from the state. None of those nations have government planned economies because as I have been saying all along *not all forms of socialism advocate state run economies*. Communism advocates state control, many socialists do not advocate for state control of the markets. Hell, Anarcho-Syndicalists and Libertarian Socialists are against the existence of **any state at all**.




For the record, I am neither a Socialist, or a Communist, I am a Laissez Faire Capitalists Libertarian. I just don't wrongly represent people I disagree with. 




 As I understand it, Marxists advocate for a moneyless society. 


What about non Marxist socialists? what role would money play in a socialist society? 




 You are using poor examples of Sanders' Democratic Socialist line of thought. China is nowhere near his radar. China is in the Marxist line of thought.


Sanders advocates Democratic Socialism, as found in Canada, Denmark, Finland, the Netherlands, and other European nations. Contrast the living examples of these Socialist nations to China (and more extremely North Korea) and you can see in living color the difference between Democratic Socialism and Communism.


I am not down voting you, maybe the community just thinks you are wrong. 




 Democratic socialism is reformist not revolutionary. They do not want to overthrow/abolish the state and monetary system, they want to reform the state. 




 He is a Democratic Socialist,  not a Marxist/Leninist. In policies he is more of a progressive.


He advocates worker control of the means of production achieved through democracy. 


Communism advocates participation in class revolution culminating in the abolition of class, state, and money.


They are two totally different things. 




 You just have to come to terms with the fact that your brother is a different person than you, and entitled to his own choices and lifestyle. Do you, and let him be him. 




 What is your ideal end state for U.S. policies on immigragion?



What realistic reforms would you like to see implemented after this next election? 




 The President is obviously for it, but many unions are very upset about the fast track in the TPP.


1. What are your thoughts on the TPP?

2. Do you think Democrat support for the TPP could affect the traditionally strong bond between organized labor and our party?  









 Which specific policies? 




 1. When has he ever voted against his declared opinion?


2. Which specific socialist policies?


3. He is a social democrat not a communist 




 If you think Bernie is a communist you are an idiot.


He is a social democrat. 




 What about Sanders?  




 1. Would you vote for Bernie Sanders over Hillary?


2. Would you vote for Bernie over Rand?


Why or why not? 









 I named that legislation because you wanted proof that he supported worker control of means of production.



It is more than a label, it is a perspective he actively embraces and one I reject. If he really is the socialist he says he is, I worry about his end state goals because I do not support the economic end state goals of socialism or social democratism in the slightest. 



I would prefer a candidate more in line with Clinton's third way approach. 




 It does not boil down to this specific legislation, it is the outlook of socialist economic policy. I just don't think I am comfortable supporting someone whose economic outlook is that far left. 




 First, that is the very definition of a socialist, which he identifies as.


Second, [here is where he actually presented legislation supporting it.](http://www.sanders.senate.gov/newsroom/recent-business/worker-owned-businesses-2014) 




 Mostly socialist insistence on worker control of means of production. My outlook on economic issues varies from his, I support a freer economy with a strong federal infrastructure. 



That being said, I don't hate Sanders. I totally support his stance on civil liberty, marriage equality, foreign policy etc. I will also add that Vermont has some of the most lax gun laws in the nation, which I support as a second amendment loving Democrat (who said deep blue states have to hate guns?) 


I just don't know if I would support him over Rand, who has pretty identical views on civil liberty, foreign policy, and the like but an economic outlook I am more comfortable with.  




 Socialism's main goal is worker control of the means of production.


Progressivism is a philosophy pursuing a mixed market  "third way" economy.



There are some pretty strong differences between the two. I am neither a socialist or progressive though. 




 Registered Democrat. I align more with Blue Dogs/New Democrats.  




 Rand is not Ron. I don't believe he would destroy welfare, state education, the IRS etc. His goals are more geared towards dismantling the NSA's power, hopefully supporting marijuana legalization, and other civil liberties.


 




 Yes, I would vote for Rand over Hillary.



I would not vote for any other republicans, they are all GOP establishment  




 [Yes](http://nypost.com/2015/04/28/bernie-sanders-to-run-for-president-as-democrat/) 




 So in your opinion the only true populism is one in which the party "for the people" remains exclusively revolutionary?  




 Yes, I would vote for Rand Paul. 




 In what way? What information? 




 Depends which Republican.  




 Because I am not that far left. I am a moderate/centrist Democrat. Believe it or not [less than half of Democrats identify as "liberal"](http://www.gallup.com/poll/180452/liberals-record-trail-conservatives.aspx).


Not all of us are as progressive as Sanders. 




 Do you view the rise of Syriza in Greece as a good thing, or negative thing for Socialism?


What about the rise of Left Wing Populism of parties like the Citizens Movement in Mexico, and even candidates like Bernie Sanders running for the U.S. presidency as an open Left Wing Populist? 














 I am an Alabama resident currently stationed in NY. So much for Republicans sticking up for Servicemembers. 




 Mine would be Jim Webb, though I know it is next to impossible. As a Veteran, I respect his service immensely, his Centrism aligns with mine, his proven record as senator  and Secretary of the Navy. I think he would make a phenomenal President. 









 No, I did not 




 80% Democrat, 37% republican 




 A government that does not spy on me, start useless wars, and does not infringe on my civil liberties 




 Are the blue dogs still around? 




 Ok.. I didn't come here to argue about gun control. I do not mind background checks, but I oppose legislation that tries to ban guns and magazine size. 




 Yes, I am a Sanders fan myself. But isn't he an independent? 




 I used to be a moderate republican with some libertarian leanings. I have just gotten to the point where they have totally ran away from me. I have voted Democrat in the past, and am thinking about becoming a registered Democrat. I thought I would ask for advice finding a place in this party.



I support civil liberties totally. I support drug decriminalization, marajuana legalization, and marriage equality. I support drastic immigration  reform. I consider myself a Square Deal Democrat. I advocate for total transparency  in government, demilitarization of police forces, prison reform, and an end to mandatory minimum sentencing. 



On the other hand, there are a few issues I worry would put me at odds with the Democratic party. I do not support gun control. I generally prefer the state to stay out of the markets (though I am a not a rabid welfare hater or anything). 


What do you say? Am I at odds with the party? Are there any factions/caucuses or anything that I might be able to connect with? 




 Has anyone heard of other vets joining Americorps? I know many volunteers are fresh out of college. I have been in war, been shot at, done Army stuff, but I am looking for a new way to connect with the world and serve. Would I be out of place amongst other volunteers? Would my services put me at an advantage? I would really prefer volunteering in urban areas affected by heavy gang violence, or something that can really use my skills is there something like that? 




 Has anyone heard of other vets joining the peace corps? I know many volunteers are fresh out of college. I have been in war, been shot at, done Army stuff, but I am looking for a new way to connect with the world and serve. Would I be out of place amongst other volunteers? Would my services put me at an advantage? 




 Are you comfortable with the state of human rights within U.S. prisons?

 




 Incredible, but sad discovery. 














 I don't believe in a 1984 media conspiracy, but I believe most of the media is bent way beyond any hope of objectivity. The media is controlled by vapid and sensationalist western culture. This is why guys like Hannity, Bill O'Reilly, The Reid Report etc exist. 


I tend to get my news from NPR, Reuters, and BBC. 




 1. What  do you see as the ideal endstate of prison reform (how would you like to see the U.S. justice system ideally operate)?



2. What realistic steps would you like to see taken now to reform the prison system? 









 Freckles 




 This is why the rest of the world hates us. We act like 2 year olds. 




 1. Was Santa Anna a particularly oppressive leader?

2. What events caused Texas to declare independence from Mexico?

3. Were there many in Texas who remained loyal to Mexico? (Like the Tories in the American Revolution)
 




 1. Was Santa Anna a particularly oppressive leader?

2. What events caused Texas to declare independence from Mexico?

3. Were there many in Texas who remained loyal to Mexico? (Like the Tories in the American Revolution) 




 Bite the Buffalo 




 Not all Muslims do those things, Islamic Extremists do. Just like Christian extremists during the Holy Roman empire murdered thousands of "barbarians" at the sword for not converting, Mormon extremists took child brides (statutory rape), Japanese nationalist extremists killed themselves in Kamikaze strikes at Pearl Harbor. 


Extremism takes on many forms. Blanketing an entire demographic with the actions of a few nut jobs is unfair and unAmerican. 




 Have 15 wives. 




 New officers think they are kings, when really they are dumber than privates. 




 *American Sphinx: The Character of Thomas Jefferson* by Joseph J. Ellis 




 Join the military. I have a successful career, good pay, steady work, and good employment opportunities when I get out. 




 Gotten married, gone to Afghanistan, lost good friends, became a leader in my field. I am nowhere near the same kid I was five years ago. 
























