 Kinda reminds me of the Axe Flinger. Deals 2 damage to the face for each hit. Nice idea though! 




 Wanna try a new game, but have no idea how to quit this one. Is there some way to end the subscription? I was born with the "Depression" feature and it makes playing this game really boring. 

Anyone know of any better games to play?  
























 Describes my work life pretty well actually. 




 Creepy thought, but the ending was predictable. Maybe a twist as to why no one was sleeping? Maybe they browsed https://tw.reddit.com/r/NoSleep 
























 Not really scary as much as comforting. 

Mike reminded me of Danny DeVito as Owen in "Throw Momma From the Train"  




 Effects like that happen in a queue. It's odd, but a great mechanic to learn to be pro. Pretty much first effect play, first effect resolved. When you played Shadow Madness first, it had to resolve  before Power Overwhelming. However, Power Overwhelming triggers at the end of the owner's turn, so when owner's switched the effect stayed.  
























 Should have told the Japs about it. The Hentai would have made you a billionaire. Still, hope therapy is going well for you 




 R.I.P OP, you poor bastard  
























 Humans. Humans never change. 

I kinda do see this becoming reality one day, as history repeats itself. We'd find a weaker, submissive race and make them do our dirty work. 

We'd have a war or two to free them.
Then they'd fight for their civil rights.
And the next thing you know, we'll have legal inter-species relations with them.

I love humans! 




 You must have been petrified. 
























 I awoke to my alarm. I quickly dressed myself and drove the 15min commute to work. 

All the while, I kept feeling like I had done this all before. 

I arrived at my workplace and checked in with security. The guard gave me a simple "Good Morning" as I saluted her with my own "Good Morning". After a couple of ID swipes and automated doors, I sat down at my desk and turned on my computer. 

All the while, I kept feeling like I had done this all before. 

I browsed my daily online news articles, then jumped on reddit to read my daily subs. When someone passed my cubicle, I would quickly switch over to an online HTML tutorial. I've read it several times, but I didn't want anyone to know I was goofing off.

All the while, I kept feeling like I had done this all before. 

The line for coffee was long. Some people looked like they were dragged out of bed. Others were too chipper to be natural. How do they do it? Was it just a mask they wore, hiding their tired, grouchy nature? I drudged to the front of the line and got my coffee. 

All the while, I kept feeling like I had done this all before. 

I had a brief meeting with my supervisor. She droned on about deadlines, quality, work ethics, and the rest. I nodded my head every so often to appear attentive. I drew funny doodles in my notebook whenever she said something that appeared to be important. The meeting finally ended, and I traveled back to my cubicle. 

All the while, I kept feeling like I had done this all before. 

I gave away 8hrs of my life for $80 minus the government's pound of flesh. I clocked out and walked through the endless cycle of automatic doors and ID swipes. As I left, the security guard gave me a cheerful "Have a good day" as I saluted her the same. 

All the while, I kept feeling like I had done this all before. 

I arrived at my house and sat down in front of my computer. I browsed my nightly news articles, then jumped on reddit to read my nightly subs. I played a few games of Hearthstone and CS-GO. 

All the while, I kept feeling like I had done this all before. 

As I rested in bed, I kept thinking upon the days events. All the while, I kept feeling like I had done this all before. I recalled every minute of day with such clarity, as if I had re-read this page over and over again. 

I had been feeling like this for the past 5 years now. Every day, the same old routine. Like cogs in a machine, I only fit in with the daily turn. Not tomorrow though. Tomorrow would be different. As I told myself that, I knew I had said those words before.  




 Wow, I remember hearing a show on the radio yesterday about a guy being doused in gasoline and then roasted alive. 

What are the odds? 
























 This went from Giving Tree to Ent nightmare. Nice story, love the rhymes.  




 Please be gentle, my first post ever on Reddit since joining a few days ago. It makes the work day go by, so I thought I'd share my daily experience.  
























 Sounds like a condensed version of Ground Hog Day, only 100% creepier and -100% Bill Murry. 

Sent shivers down my spine though. You really let the reader's imagination take the rest on it.  




 He's a med student. He probably did it cleanly and efficiently. Plus with 200K he'd get a sweet prosthetic. 

Nice ending! I thought he'd be bulimic or something, but I didn't consider that! 
























 I've heard a of combo with Warlock's Floating Watcher. The damage you receive from attacking buffs it. Though, FW are really prone to silence like many other cards 




 "Always a bigger fish"

Nice story! Makes me wonder what was in front of him 
























 IT"S ON THE HUMBLE BUNDLE THANK YOU FOR WHATEVER YOU DID TO DO THAT 




 Eek, that took me too long to write. Feedback is welcome. I didn't go over it to check for errors so if you see one tell me. 




 "Tell me again, what it is you do?"

"I bring people back from the dead. Simple as that." said the strange man in a matter-of-fact way. He was about 1.6 metres (5' 10"), dressed in fancy business wear, albino, with Bentley Platinum Sunglasses covering his eyes. "Now continue on about your son, madame."

"He was last seen about one month ago with a crowd of, degenerates, in a bar one kilometre outside the city limits. I'm sure he is dead! Call it paranoia, but I trust my motherly intuition."

"I'm sure you do," he scoffed, "All mothers have an internal mechanism for knowing everything and anything about their child. They were built for that very role. Now, how badly do you wish to see him again?"

"More than anything." she pleaded.

"Would you pay?" the man inquired.

"Any sum! I'll take out as many loans as possible"

"Money is a fleeting medium of exchange. The universe requires only one form of payment: Life"

"What do you mean?" the woman said, feeling worried she may be over her head. 

"I can guarantee your son is dead; He died the other day at precisely at 10:00 PM. What I am saying is this: It was his time to go. Bringing him back would create an imbalance even I cannot fix. This is where you come in, but before I go on, I must know you will pay." 

"May I have some time to think about this?" she begged.

The man gazed upward for a second, as if he was waiting for a signal. "Yes, 24 hours to decided. I will be back at this same time tomorrow in the same place. Again, come alone and be on time."

The woman thanked him and hurried back to her car. She was soaking wet from the torrential rain. Odd, she thought, it was sunny just a minute ago. She got in her car and drove back to her house. When she opened the door, she felt as if her son, 10 years younger, came and jumped into her arms and gave her a big kiss. She imagined him running off again to scrape his knee or get himself into mischief. She sigh, and dropped her purse and keys off on the credenza. She made her way to her bedroom to contemplate this decision. As she passed his room, she thought she saw teenage him, sitting on his bed playing some headache inducing Heavy Metal racket. She almost stopped to shout at him to turn it down, but when she looked back, his room was empty. She ran to her room and flopped onto the single bed. She cried for what seemed like ages before finally drifting off to sleep.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Hello? Denise! Are you okay? You sound like you've been crying!"

"Oh, hi Lisa." she sputtered out disappointingly while wiping her makeup off her face. "What time is it?"

"It's 10:00 AM. Are you just waking up?"

"Yes, I must have dozed off. What's up?"

"I'm calling again to see if you want to join my support group. I know they haven't found Jeff yet and your brain must be exploding with emotion. It will be good to talk about your feelings for once instead of bottling them up. I did the same when Jack... left" she said, and for a blessed moment paused before continuing her rant, "I keep saying left but I know darn well he offed himself overseas and....." she continued to babble on about Jack, then her day, then her tv series before Denise finally drifted off. Her thoughts were still on her son and the offer. What did he mean by "Would you pay?" and "Life" and "Imbalance." She thought for a while, and she finally decided that

"Are you still there?" interrupted the river of tangents, "I asked you a question!"

"Huh? Oh, sorry, I was listening." she lied.

"Then tonight sounds good to you? We meet at St. Lazarus at 10 and there will be coffee and donuts and all the support you'll need"

She thought about it. Maybe it was time to accept the fact her son was never coming back. She could use the help and support, and all the worrying was stressing her out. Maybe.... Then she realized: her 24 hours to decide ended at 10PM. "I'll get back to you on it." She said, as she rudely hung up the phone. What should I do?

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
The rest of the day went by without mention. She tried to put off her decision as best as she could. This was no flip-of-the coin decision; this was her and her son's fate. She did her best to stay busy around the small house. Some days, it looked like there were 5 or 10 people living there instead of just 2. Today, however, the cleanliness of the house only made her feel lonelier. She didn't have meals to prepare, beds to clean, rooms to pick up, her son to..... 

She stopped before she got to that thought. She promised herself she would not think about him all day to affect her decision. It has only been about one month since he went missing. She could still smell his cheap cologne as she passed his room. 

"It's Saturday night", she thought, "he would be getting ready to go out on his weekly dates with some girl he never tells me about. I always teased him that one day he would meet some psycho girl who would murder him in his sleep and that I could have prevented it with some motherly screening."

She gasped. Could that have been the reason he went missing? Oh, she could never forgive herself if that was the reason! She panicked, then stopped breathing for a moment. Ever so slowly, she started to chuckle, building up to a full on laugh. 

"Look at myself!" she laughed, "I'm getting worked up over a theory!" As she was laughing to herself, she didn't hear her phone ringing in the other room. When she quieted down, she skipped over to her phone and answered it.

"Hello!" she greeted.

"Denise? Hi! It's me again!" 

Her mood suddenly switched to one of disgust. Why was she calling now? "Hi Lisa. The meeting is not until another 3 hours, what's up?"

"3 hours? It's in 10 minutes! Where are you?"

She looked at the wall. The clock read 9:50 PM. She gasped. She had to decided quickly. She could feel her heart beating faster and faster as her anxiety ran rampant. "I'll be right over." she said, as she hung up. What do I do?

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

She arrived at the location at 9:59. She quickly entered the building and sat down. She waited, as the church bell tolled the hour. 
*bong* One
*bong* Two 
*bong* Three
*bong* Four
*bong* Five
*bong* Six
*bong* Seven
*bong* Eight
*bong* Nine
*bong* Ten
 
10PM, the meeting time. A door from the far side of the room opened, and the man walked up to his desk and sat down. 

"Have you decided yet?" he smirked. 

"I have. Tell me your conditions." she fretted.

"Wonderful! Let's get down to the details." He chortled, smiling to himself. "As I said before," he started, turning serious," I can bring your son back at a price. You see, the universe does not care who dies, it is how they die. It has a set sequence of deaths that need to be made before it is finished. The next death was up for the line, and your son, volunteered, to meet the demand. If I were to bring him back, there would be an imbalance in the deaths. Are you getting all this?"

"Yes" she replied, hoping this wasn't going where she thought it was going.

"I am a very busy man and do not want to deal with an imbalance. So here is my solution: You kill one person in the same way your son died, and I will bring your son back."

She froze. She had never killed anyone before and never thought about doing it. Was it really worth it to get her son back? 

"I know how you must feel about this. Would you kill someone to have one more day with your son? How about the rest of your life? You've already made your decision you want him back, why not take the next step? A parent would do anything to get their child back"

She thought, and in a moment of sheer will she said "I agree."

"Then it is settled. You will take one life in exchange for your son's. Who ever dies must die at 10:00 PM any day by a bullet to the head." he informed as he produced a revolver from his coat. "The person may be male or female of any age, ethnicity, et cetera. The universe does not care who dies, just how they die."

She picked up the gun while trying to stop her hands from shaking. Am I really doing this? Yes, a parent would do anything for their child. "What else?" he demanded.

"That is all. Just point, shoot, and kill at 10PM and your son will be back. Now excuse me, I am a very busy man." He got up out of his chair and exited from the far door. He closed the door with an eerie thud and the room fell into silence. 

"Who should I kill?" she whispered to herself. "What life is worth less than my son's?" She sat in the chair and thought for a while, then a name flashed in her head. The world would be better off with my son, and not Lisa.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Howdy Ho! You reached Lisa, I normally don't check my voicemail but you can leave one or hang up a text or *beep*"  She talked so much she didn't even bother to check if it recorded the full message. Probably another hour's worth of her voice. 

"Hi Lisa, it's Denise. Call me back when you get a chance. It's important." She put her phone back into her purse. She had it all figured out. She would lure Lisa to the abandoned warehouse by the docks, shoot her, and dump her body in the East Mediterranean. No one will be out there at 10PM, so it would be perfect. She thought long and hard about it. Lisa had no family left and worked at a grocery store. She would not be missed. Her phone rang.

"Hey Denise! I got your call. Didn't read your voicemail but who does now adays am I right? The meeting was great last night, didn't see you there. Was gonna call you again but I thought maybe you were tired and..."

"Lisa, yes, I would love to talk, but I want to see you tonight" she interrupted. 

"Oh sure dear. I'll be free after 7PM, that's what time I get off of work but you probably already knew that, and after that I have to go home and cook dinner for myself, as usual, and then around 8PM my show comes on...."

"Lisa, are you free at around 9:45 tonight?" she interrupted, again.

"Well I don't know, usually my show ends around 9 but then they might have a special on afterwards and oh that reminds me I need to check to see who will be competing tonight I always root for the.."

"Alright! Meet me tonight at 9:45 at the old warehouse. There's something I want to tell you." Her nerves were killing her. 

"The old warehouse? Oh that's where Jack used to work before he went off to war. I'm kinda maybe glad he's dead so he doesn't have to deal with the financial crisis nearby. I hope that doesn't affect us in any way if they leave the..."

"9:45, old warehouse. Sorry I have to leave. Thank you!" she clarified as she hung up. 

She felt strangely excited that day. She dusted and cleaned her son's room, fixed a dinner for two, and planned a fun night of old games they used to play. She could hardly contain herself! The day whirled by in a such a flurry of excitement and anticipation that she almost forgot what she had to do that night. One death, for one life, Lisa for Jeff. Perfect balance. She checked the time: 9:00PM. She grabbed the revolver and stuffed it in her purse, grabbed her keys off the credenza, and headed out the door. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
She arrived shortly at the warehouse and checked her phone: 9:10. She checked the area over and over again, marking critical points. 
"Meet Lisa over here, walk over to there, pull out the gun, bang, dump the body there, get back in the car, and meet my boy." she repeated to herself. It was almost time. Her hands shook from the anxiety and fear. She didn't consider what would happen if she was caught. "No, I won't get caught" she said to herself. she checked her phone: 9:46.

"She's late, as usual. But I planned that too" she told herself. 

9:50, she saw headlights approaching and recognized the car. Lisa, here at last. She walked over to the spot where she wanted to meet Lisa, but she drove to a spot farther than she anticipated. She got out of her car and called over, "Hey, I see you over there. Come on over!"

"I'd rather stay over here" she shouted.

"Oh, but my legs are acting up again, and I just parked my car. Can we talk over here? What's this about?" 

She was getting on her nerves. She walked across the parking lot and stepped right up to her. The time read 9:54. "Can we walk over to here, I want to show you something dear to me." she asked. 

"Oh sure honey just tell me what you need to tell me and I promise I will listen to every word you say without interrupting no matter what..."

"Lisa, thanks, just walk over here"

They walked together while Lisa kept babbling on about her day. They arrived at the end of the dock. 9:57. She check to see if the rope and rock were still by the location. 9:58.

"Denise what is this all about? You know this night air isn't good for you and it's so dark out here what is it that you want?" she nagged.  

"Just, give me a second to think." 9:59. She went for the gun but dropped it on the dock. Lisa looked down and her face lit up as she let out a shriek. The church bell tolled

*bong* She scrambled for the gun
*bong* Lisa started running down the dock.
*bong* She took careful aim
*bong* *bang* she missed the first shot
*bong* Lisa let out an even louder scream
*bong* She took aim again
*bong* Lisa tripped over her high heels
*bong* She approached her as Lisa struggled to get up
*bong* She pointed it at her head
*bong* Lisa took her last breath. 

*bang* 10 PM. A Death, for a Life.

Suddenly, her knees went weak as she collapsed to the ground next to the fresh dead body. She wept at what she had done. Fear overtook her, and she quickly moved the body back to the dock. She tied it up and attached the weight, and pushed it into the sea. It floated out some ways before finally sinking into the dark blue waves. Finally, she could see her son again!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

She drove back to her house with a sadistic grin on her face. As she opened the door, she noticed something wrong. Her boy was not home yet. "Did I do something wrong?" she thought, "No, it must be taking him some time. I'll just wait here." She waited. Nothing. No knocks, no phone calls, nothing. She got worried.  "What if he lied to me? Oh what have I done??? Why did I ever believe him? Why am I so stupid!?" she cried. She ran to her room and wept. "The cops will be by shortly to arrest me. I know I must have messed up somewhere." She looked at her phone: 10:35. Suddenly, there was a knock at the door.

She jumped up and ran to the door. She peered through the peep hole to see a man dressed in blue wearing a "Polis" shirt. She 
panicked. She could feel her son was still dead. Mother's Intuition. She knew the man had lied to her. Her son probably wasn't even shot for all she knew. She walked slowly to her room as the knocking persisted. She moved as if in a trance. She opened up her purse, and grabbed the gun.

"Death, for a death" she chanted to herself as she pulled the trigger.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"What? Where am I? What am I doing here?" He opened his eyes and got up off the ground. There was blood, everywhere. He blinked. "What is going on?" he wondered. Then he remembered. He didn't like it any longer. He felt as if nothing mattered. He remembered why he came down here. He must have missed the first shot somehow, but the second shot won't. He found the gun lying on the floor, and resumed his intentions.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

He sat as his desk when a phone call came through. "Yes?"

"The imbalance has been corrected" the voice said.

"Anything for you. A parent will do anything for his child"
 
 




 Then they said I was a "Lucky Winner!" How cool was that? They knew my name! 




 I've been meaning to try that game. Heard it was really good 




 I'm still looking for an easy way to unsubscribe  
























