 I love your hair! And you have a gorgeous figure as well! 




 Hey there! I actually designed the whole thing on graph paper and made a paper version of it before I started. I used the paper as templates for the design and cut the scrap leather. I used a stitching awl for all of the white stitches. The lace work was done with suede strapping and a leather hole punch. I measured off all the holes I made. When I attached the bottom I used a super heavy weight leather and a softer leather over it. I had one side of the stitches done up the tube part and I flipped it inside out when I finished the stitches on the bottom. I added the border of leather on the top and the split ring on the side with a rivet. It took several hours to complete.  




 Probably sucking the souls from a few innocents...Why? Are you volunteering? ;D 




 I'll never stop...;D 




 Yeah, I know! At lest it's just for shits and giggles, and isn't actually worth anything!  




 Thank you! I spent several hours on it and I was super excited to share! :D 




 Yeah, my weight loss journey, and a bunch of my handmade stuff too. Not to mention all my reddit trophies. *sigh* Oh well.  




 No. Just a clear plastic ring.  




 ....:( Very long story...It's gone though. 




 Good eyes! 




 It's a firefox, and the compound is a mission craze. ;) 




 Then why isn't my hair moving? 









 nope. ;) 




 That's really cool! I wish I had a sewing machine! 




 I always feel a little uncomfortable when I post a picture of something I made. I don't want to come across as a sales person, even though I do sell my work to people who are interested. :/ 




 Are you selling prints? 




 Okay. Where did you find these? You look amazing in all of them, but I need that first set!  









 It's sad what has become of reddit recently. :/  
























 I'm going to be posting an update on my progress soon. I just took this picture the other day, and I was like,"whoa, is this really me? Do I really look good!?" Haha! Thanks! 




 Thanks! Me too!  




 I'll pos an updated progress pic soon! Low carb and lots of exercise mostly. Thanks! 




 I may do a tutorial video in the next day or two. Thank you! 




 Nope! The inside is covered with yarn so the backside of the tabs don't touch your water bottle at all. Thank you! 









 This made my day! 




 I agree. 




 I have no idea what that is, but I'm sure this will die down soon. It's just every where right now and they seem to be on a chopping block at the moment. It's kind of annoying. 




 I just don't understand why overeating and not exercising is now something to be proud of. And then fit women who take care of themselves are being ridiculed. It's kind of backwards, and really confusing. I don't understand why you changed the subject either... 




 Wow you like like a completely different person! Great job!
 




 I actually used to visit it quiet often in its early days. But it did start to get out of hand with the bullying. I remember one post was of an overweight person's fitbit dashboard. They were proud of themselves for reaching all of their goals for a day, and FPH wanted to make fun of them for it. That, to me was completely ridiculous. And then they made fun of a guy last week who ran a 5k in 38 minutes. That's a pretty good time, even for a fit person. It's the obnoxious and entitled obese people who enrage me. The one's who talk about 'thin privilege' and say they are 'triggered' when they see a thin person. That is what I found infuriating. Not people trying to better themselves. 




 I don't think I would be half as fit or as motivated as I am without Fatpeoplehate. It was seriously the best motivation for me. I posted my weight loss to progresspics and it exploded onto their page because it came out that I didn't support HAES and thought Tess Munster was a bad influence. I rarely commented on anything over there, and I never posted anything, but it has seriously helped me a lot. I lost 80 pounds and I've kept it off for over a year. 




 Fat people are not inoccent. As I recall, isn't gluttony considered a sin? And I'm pretty sure it has been frowned upon for several millennia.  




 Yeah, reddit just tied its own noose. It's probably going to turn into a tumblr wanna-be site now.  




 One of my home town staples. I love Shrimp and Grits! I'll have to try this soon, your's looks delicious. 




 As a straight chick, holy FUCK! You are gorgeous! I don't know if I wanna be you or be on you. 




 I think we can make an exception in Cheryl Haworth's case. She's actual muscle under that layer of fat. Props to her. 




 WOW! You look badass! I wish I could look that cool.... 





























 I really want to see your shawls! 




 Many people don't stuff the puffs as much as I do, so mine is going to be super heavy. I get cold really easily so I think it will be perfect!  




 You are an inspiration!  




 I'm shooting for 400. But you can make a small quilt with 250-275. Thank you so much!  




 Nope! I use my 4s for all of them! 




 I plan on doing Sailor Moon one day!  




 Me too! I'm on vacation and there's this amazing yarn shop nearby! I'm planning on getting at least four new yarns for this! 




 When I first started it took about 1 hour and 15 minutes to make one. But, now I can crank one out in about 50 minutes! 




 Oh wow! I loooove your pattern! 




 I actually only stuff them with scrap yarn or cheap red heart yarn. I think it works so much better than fiber fill or poly fill. Less messy too.  




 Oooooo! I'd love to see that! 




 Not yet. I'm debating whether or not to crochet them all together. It looks really neat but it spaces them out more. I like how they look all touching too, so I need to figure out what I like more.  




 I've used all different weights to make mine. The key is to keep the larger ones surrounded by medium sized ones, and then the smallest ones around the medium sized ones. I used every size yarn. Lace, fingering, worsted, and even bulky. That fuzzy one in the picture is one of the largest.  









 I'm 5'6 1/2". Gotta add that half in there. Haha. What's really weird, is when I was big, I was taller. I was 5'8" according to my doctor for about four years.  




 Will do! Keep an eye out! Thank you!  




 It took a year for the first 70, and I've been toning and working on my distance running this year, and I've dropped another ten. Thank you! 




 Eat less move more. Lol. ;) I'll be posting an update on my progress to /r/progresspics soon. Thanks! 




 I will be posting an update of my progress in a week or so. I've lost 80 pounds.  




 I actually do have some stretch marks, but they are very hard to see. I went to see a dermatologist and I was prescribed trinoin cream and had red light therapy. Thy are only visible if I stretch my skin a certain way in specific lighting.  
























 Not a whole lot right now. I just quit my gym earlier this year, but I plan on getting into it more soon. 




 Myfitnesspal is an app that you track your daily food and exercise intake on. It's awesome and it's free!  




 I was on a ketogenic diet for over a year, but now I just do everything in moderation. I think I've only had one soda this year that's not zero calorie. But I occasionally eay pizza, or tacos, but I don't eat more than 500 (max amount of calories) in one sitting.  




 I really watched absolutely everything I consumed. I mean EVERYTHING. I measured my food with a scale, and every liquid with measuring cups and I bought a spoon set for measuring butters and oils. I kept my macronutrients within the ketogenic scale too. Check out /r/keto, it's amazing. I did mostly low impact cardio for the first year or two and started lifting weights last year. Nothing hard core, just a simple routine. And this year I'm running daily and still watching my diet. I keep my carbs pretty low still, but I'm not strictly keto now. I love my fruit! :) 




 I've had that happen to me several times already. It's a really awesome feeling when they realize who I am. Haha! 




 I was just there for a new fitting a few months ago and I bought two new bras that are amazing. I'm not wearing either in the picture I took today though. :/ 




 Everyone has told me how it's amazing that I kept most of my boobs. I didn't do anything specific to keep them. I think it's just genetic, many women in my family have big boobs.  









 Dem collar bones! But, seriously, WOW! You can really see you're smiling with your eye in the after picture. The before picture looks forced. Great job!  




 You look fantastic! Wow! I wouldn't be able to speak a coherent sentence to your face if I saw you in real life. I get flustered and nervous around attractive people... 




 I love this style!!!!!!! 




 We were doing yard work in the back yard today, and my neighbor was yelling at us to come quick. Her dog found this little guy and he was barely moving. I ran to the house and got a towel and called my FIL (who works for a wildlife company). He gave me the run down on what to do. I warmed the baby up and put him back under the tree where he fell. He wasn't hurt, and he was very lively, he started sucking on my fingers while I was holding him. We were constantly keeping an eye on him and about fifteen minutes ago, mama showed up and took him back to the nest! He was so sweet and so cute! 









 I just want to say, you are an amazing inspiration and you look gorgeous and so happy! Congratulations on your new baby and your amazing healthy body! You're incredible!  




 Ah! Gotcha! You have to use a crochet hook and you go through the back loop and pull the yarn through both stitches. Then slide the stitches of the knitting needles. After the first bind of stitch you pull the yarn through three stitches to bind off. I'm sorry if that is hard to understand. I'll do a video soon and post it.  




 I would like a link for one. Please and thank you.  




 If I were you I'd just buy the patten on ravelry. I tried to figure it out using tutorials and free stuff I found on the Internet, but they never came out right until I paid for the pattern.  




 Thanks! :D 




 I believe shitlording is bashing on fat people with no justification or help. Everything I've ever posted is either about confusion, hurt, help, or disappointment. After being obese and realizing how easy it really is to be healthy, I'm trying to help people do re same. My two BEST friends in the world are in the morbidly obese range, and I love them. I've also helped them both to lose weight. I want people to make their lives the best that they can.  




 I'm going to have to check those out. I've been meaning to start a new shawl and I keep getting distracted.  
























 Most of those shoes aren't mine. Haha! But I see your point! 




 They're almost impossible to see now. 




 Most of those shoes aren't mine. haha!  




 I usually have to tell them who I am.  




 That's not a very nice thing to say. I was in the middle of a terrible hormonal imbalance that sent my estrogen levels through the roof. So yeah, I look more feminine there, but it's not natural. 




 Keep it up! Trust me, it sucks at first but you can only get better if you try. I enjoy running about 90% of the time now. Haha! 




 He sleeps in the bed with me now. Haha! I was keeping him in my studio for a while so my pups wouldn't get him. 




 The stretch marks that appeared on my belly. ugh. 




 It was from switching birth controls. My body had to adjust to it. Thanks! 




 I don't have any loose skin, thank goodness, but the stretch marks are still there. They are almost impossible to see though. I have to be in certain lighting and stretch my skin a certain way for them to be visible. I used red light therapy, and tretinoin cream to help make them less noticeable. 




 That's cool. I feel pretty badass. Thanks! 




 THANKS!!! :D 




 Exactly. 




 It was cardio cardio and more cardio. Those two places were my biggest issues too and I just had to keep running. I'm still working on them too. There's no way to just single out one section of your body to get rid of fat in that one area. It takes a lot of hard work and patience. Thanks! :D 




 Facebook started to get really creepy. I was getting messages from all these guys that I went to high school with...I had to block them. There comes a point when you pass compliments into creepy inappropriate comments.  




 uh...yes? 




 Thank you so much! :D 




 Not really. I'm not really into shoes that much, I have two pars of sneakers, two pairs of sandals, and a pair of chucks. 




 About 90% of women are fucking mean to my face now. Men are usually really nice and kids love me. I get glared at a lot now, and I've been called a skinny bitch for no reason other than existing. I think I'm a typically nice person and It's really weird being treated so different for taking care of myself now. 




 I did keto for over a year. I'm sorta a carb nazi now because of it, but I don't go out of my way to avoid them...usually. Yesterday, I went to a cook out and I had some corn chips but I didn't have a bun on my hotdog. So I just know what I'm eating now and I'm really careful with everything. haha! Thanks! 
























 Into your lap? Where were you sitting when she shot him? I'm so sorry dude. That's so fucked up.  




 That fucking amazing! You are fucking amazing and I'm super stoked for you. You did something so few have the courage or capacity to undertake, and then you decided to follow your dreams. Outstanding! As someone who's gone through a transformation and about to follow her dreams, this helped affirm that I'm on the right path! I wish you good luck!  




 That's funny...I'll be in Bangkok in less than a month, and from there I'm moving to Chiang Mai. I live in the most popular city in the US right now...Charleston, SC. But not for long! 




 It probably has a lot to do with the fact that I work in a town full of pretentious yuppies. It's considered a 'rich town', full of million dollar homes, and people who are way above middle class. In the town I grew up in, people are much nicer, I get along with every single stranger and acquaintance. It's just whenever I get into the next town and I have to deal with all of the self-entitled yuppies....there are a lot of them, and they can be quite demanding and nasty. I treat everyone nicely though, life's too short to be grumpy! Kill 'em with kindness! :D 




 That's awesome! You're amazing! 




 I have a ton of hobbies and I usually just go knit or make some jewelry when I get bored instead of eat. My biggest struggle was people wanting to constantly shove carbs in my face and I had to snap a few times before it stopped. I love my mom, and her baking is sooo good, it seriously was torture going to her house for a while there. Haha! Cutting down my calories was probably the toughest part, but once I got used to 1200 calories it was easy. That took about two weeks. Thanks a bunch and good luck to you! :D 




 I did all of my own research. I started to look at the nutrition contents on every thing. I learned about how the body changes when you switch to low carb. I learned about good cholesterol and bad cholesterol. I learned that BMI is not bullshit when it's measured properly. And I learned that it takes some work to lose weight, but it really is just calories incalories out = weight loss. I suggest if your struggling to lose weight, start a food diary and get an activity tracker. I wear a Fitbit and I love it! :D 




 I switched birth control. Went form a low estrogen one to a high estrogen one and my body had to adjust.  




 I switched birth control. Went form a low estrogen one to a high estrogen one and my body had to adjust.  




 I've been called a skinny bitch by at least 5 women. Some times it's comes off as,"Haha! You're such a skinny bitch." But I had one woman who walked away from me and told her friend on the phone that I was a skinny bitch because I didn't interrupt her while she was checking out. All of my friends are really supportive and I've made quite a few new friends too. Coworkers were the worst, they were the petty women who told me I was just going to gain all the weight back and then some. And now that I'm more confident, I talk to more people. I always remember the nasty ones more though. I'm the awkward girl who waves at every passing car and says good morning to everybody. I said good morning and smiled to this lady leaning against her car as a ran past yesterday, and she just glared at me. I'm telling you what I've experienced, maybe it's different for you, and that's pretty cool. Maybe I should come move to your town! Haha! 




 Oh it's rarely direct. It's usually really passive aggressive or condescending. Or I'll say hello or good morning and I'll just get ignored. Probably has a lot to do with the fact that I normally dress and look like a teenager too. But, maybe it's just my imagination too.  




 I have make up on in that picture, and I was going through a hormonal imbalance that was fucking up my estrogen levels, so I look more feminine. I just woke up in the final one but my legs and abdomen are much more defined, and I'm more healthy now than then. 




 Yes to the first question, and it took about four months until I actually started to get excited about going for a run. 




 Thanks, The pictures are dated. 




 Just look at my legs in the 10th photo. They are getting bigger. my waist is just getting more toned because the fat is finally gone. 




 Would you take a moment and look at the difference in the size of my legs from photo 9 to photo 10? My legs are much larger and more defined in photo 10, and the only thing that is getting smaller now is my belly. I'm actually beginning to work on gaining more muscle and I've never felt better in my life. I have much more energy, and I even eat more too.  




 I actually want to start gaining, and I've been adding more protein to my diet. I don't think I have the capacity to become anorexic either. I like food waaaay too much. I love when I finish dinner and I have around an extra 100 calories left, it's chocolate and soy milk time! Or ice cream. I love me some ice cream. 




 Apparently me. Haha! wow. 




 I get that a lot. 




 I went to see a dermatologist and was prescribed tretinoin cream and I also did a bunch of red light therapy for them. I can't feel them either. 
























 Knew I wasn't the only one to think of this. 




 This picture made me an emotional wreck. :,( 




 That's Extremely impressive, you look like a model now. Do you wax or shave?  




 What is that like? Sounds extremely interesting. I've never eating anything alive before. 




 It looks like Eustice from Courage the Cowardly Dog. 




 In the southeast US we drink a lot of sweet iced tea. And sun tea is the best. 




 Thanks for the info! We are heading to a village outside of Chiang Mai. Only a couple weeks left! 




 Thank you so much! Yes I do some lifting and I have also done some yoga. Nothing major, just a 45 minute routine that I switch up from day to day. Burpees are your friend! 




 I personally used tretinoin cream (prescription) and red light therapy to reduce the appearance of mine. It helped A TON. My results are in my post history. 




 Yay! Mine are almost non-existent too! It's such a great feeling! 




 How in the...? 




 Damn...I got chills man.... 




 Is that a type of food? I plan on mostly eating local food while I'm there, but I'm going for Muay Thai fighting with my husband. We will be just outside of Chiang Mai, in a village called San Kam Phang. We hope to stay for a year or two. My husband wants to become a legit Muay Thai fighter, I'm just going to train at the gym. I also want to get into the gem trade over there. I'm a big mineral collector. 




 I'm trying to take a bunch of fingering and worsted weight yarn. Probably about 40-50 skeins and I would like to check it into my luggage. 




 I'm getting ready to move from the US to Thailand in about a month and I was wondering what would be the best way to bring some of my yarn stash with me. Could I use space bags to store the yarn or would that mess it up? Should I just have it shipped over? Anyone have any tales of moving to a different country and how they took their stuff with them? Thank you so much! 




 This has nothing to do with luck. It's hard work. And I plan on continuing to work hard. I want to keep building muscle and eventually become a fitness role model. Thanks for helping to keep me motivated! You're awesome! 




 No lower than this. I want to start gaining and building more muscle now.  




 Working the toning. Just look at the different in my legs from pic 9 to pic 10. Thanks a bunch though! I really want to be a fitness role model.  




 I run five miles twice a week and four miles five times a week. I run twice a day two days a week. And I take one day off a week. On my 5 mile day runs, I only run once.  




 I think it's a tad tight, but you know what I would do? I would keep it tight, and use that as motivation to make it looser by becoming more fit! (unless you are already fit, in that case I would just loosen it.):D 
























 I got a number one, and it felt really good to eat because I hit my goal weight a while ago. I usually carb load once a week anyways now. I wore the one white shirt I had. It's a little tight tank top that I haven't worn for years. I felt great and I think I looked great too with my little leather cow ears. Ha! 




 Fresh caprese salad. Fresh tomato, basil, mozzarella, cracked pepper and a drizzle of olive oil on top.  




 OMG IT'S PIKACHU DRESSED AS TOTORO!!!!!!!!  




 Can anyone find out how tall he is? I've searched for a while now but I can't find anything. I'm thinking he looks like he's about 5'5"-5'8".  




 dug*...I'm sorry. 




 I've only ever had one carb binge dream, and went I woke up I felt sick. I'd eaten and entire meat lover's pizza, three hotdogs with a bun, and a bunch of cookies. So glad it was a dream. 




 This is probably the most beautiful tourmaline specimen I've ever seen. 




 You have some awesome tools. Thank you for sharing this!  




 It sure is! Good eye! 




 This is super cool! 









 Fantastic! Might I add, you have the 'smolder' down pat. Ha! 




 DAAAAAMN! That's impressive! And I agree with everyone else, the beard should go. You look awesome! Congratulations! 




 Do want!!! 




 My husband bought me a super awesome flashlight. I strap it to my belt at night when I run. I leave the light on so cars can see me. It also has a strobe feature that comes in handy for self defense situations.  




 Aw, he's waving! Hi Satan!!! :D  




 Oh wow, hi! Haha! That sounds like so much work. I haven't shaved my legs in a week (but my leg hair is super fine and blonde too, so it's really hard to see) because I have super sensitive skin and I tend to break out. I tried the veet strips and had welts for over a week. I've never used an epilator before, it sounds painful. 

Anyways, you look amazing and thank you so much for responding to me and for the kind words! :D 




 I love how puppies wiggle when they're really really happy. 




 I love how ridiculously derpy and happy they all look.  




 It makes me sad to know it will get smashed up. Looks like you put a lot of work into it.  
























 Thank you! :D 




 I like Squishy! 




 Heheheh... 




 Almonds. I eat almonds everyday. 









 The first person that walked into my room, was not my husband. 




 If you block it properly after you finish, then you can get rid of that 'scrunchieness'. It looks great! I love making headbands with horseshoe. 




 Now, fill it up with a glorious yarn stash! Horde ALL THE FIBERS!!! 




 You shouldn't beat yourself up for that. True, she is your friend, but it sounds like she needed more help that you could've possibly given. It may have saved her life, almost dying. Many people attempt suicide realize how much they have to live for. You are a good friend, and I hope you guys are still friends, and that she got better.  




 His face looks like an owl. 




 I used to spew fatlogic a few years ago. I reasoned that I only eat three times a day, normally skipping breakfast and eating only one snack for the day. Oh and liquids can't have that many calories because I just have to pee it all out in a few minutes, right? Especially alcohol! It wasn't until I downloaded the My Fitness Pal app that I realized just how many calories I had been consuming. Now I eat what my body needs and run almost everyday. Good bye JennIsFat, and hello train_subject2843!
[fat to fit!](http://imgur.com/GJc7d2s) 




 Plus side is that the pain means the tissue is not completely dead, and his foot can be saved! 









 Aw! I remember when you posted his puppy pictures! He's gotten so big! I love his markings. 




 Something that frightened you, or disturbed you? Something you can't explain, or was traumatizing? 




 Knitting. It's so much easier than it looks. 




 First off, good for you! I think that doing something for yourself that makes you feel good, or less uncomfortable is something to be positive about. I've personally had an issue with a certain body part, and your post has help assure me that if I want to get it fixed (for comfort reasons) I shouldn't feel ashamed by it. You are amazing. I'm so proud of you. :) 




 First off, f/26/125lbs/5'6.5". Looking to change my macros from a ketogenic scale to something new. I've lost all the weight I wanted to and I'm ready to become more lean and eat more carbs. I will continue to eat clean but I need help with the division of my macronutrients. I run daily (3-5 miles)and I'm starting a lifting routine with bag work. Any suggestions? 




 Thank you! :D I'm already in love with them and I'm on my second project already! 




 I've always loved your cosplays. Your boyfriend's are really cool too! I really want to get into cosplaying now. 
























 Sometimes I get weirded out. Like, can you imagine Voldemort taking a dump? 




 This one is so cool. 









 It's normally 'Jennisfit'. but right now it's 'Jennistired'.......................... 




 Okay...This is an update from [what happened to me one night at my parent's house](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/3dsri4/im_so_glad_i_didnt_make_eye_contact/). 

I was pretty sure it was just my imagination after the sun started to come up and I finally drifted off. When I woke later that morning it all seemed like a dream. One thing that I remember is when I got out of bed I noticed an old photograph of me was on the floor. I was standing in my parent's driveway and I was wearing a 'Save the Planet' shirt. I figured it had just fallen off the shelf and put it back. 

I talked to my parents and husband about the crazy nightmare I had. They agreed it was unnerving, and we all laughed it off.

My husband and I returned home and I started to put that night in the back on my mind. However, since it happened, sleep evades me. I lay awake and stare into the darkness for hours, it's only when I see the grey light of day that I feel my eyelids grow heavy.

Last night I was having my usual night of insomnia. It was nearly three in the morning. I was sitting in my studio just browsing the internet. I should mention it was a very clear night. All of a sudden the lights flickered and went out. the only light was coming from my computer monitor.

I didn't think much of it, because the power went out only a few days ago, due to a bad storm.

I still had a full battery on my computer and I decided to shut it down in case the power was off until morning. I walk out as the computer shuts down to get a glass of water and a book. After my computer completely shuts down it's pitch black in my studio, except for the faint moonlight coming from my huge window. The window is curtained and takes up a five by five foot square in the wall. It faces my massive backyard. [Just took this picture of it about a minute ago](http://imgur.com/4dZl5Gy).

I feel relaxed and look at the clear night sky though my window. It's darker inside the house than outside and it's a beautiful view. As I'm gazing up, I notice a tiny movement out of the corner of my eye to the left of my back yard.

I glance over an see a figure of a man walking through the yard. At this point I'm a little shocked because our backyard is completely secluded and fenced off for about .5 acres. 

I decided I would just watch and see what he did since I was confident that he couldn't see me. He started to make his way across my backyard, moving away from my house. I felt relieved. Then he stopped, facing away from me. He just stood there for a good five minutes, about 50 feet from my window. I didn't move a muscle. I just watched and waited.

Then he turned completely around. I swear to god, he looked right at me through my window and I could see the whites of his eyes. Through the pitch darkness, I could see them. He started to move towards me. I was completely petrified but still didn't think that he could see me. I backed up to the wall of my studio. He started to move faster. He was only about 20 feet away from my window when the lights came back on. 

He could see me! He could see me and I couldn't see him! What the fuck?! I ran out of my studio down the hall into the bedroom and grabbed the gun off the night stand. I shook my husband awake and told him there was someone outside in out back yard.

I walked to the back door with him, both of us with our guns drawn. I flipped the back light on and slowly opened the back door. We looked around with the flashlight and we couldn't see anyone. My heart was about ready to come out of my chest.

We walked out into the yard, with all the lights turned on and with our guns and flashlights, everything started to seem less sinister. 

I calmed down and we made our way back to the house. As we were walking back, something caught my eye. I looked over and saw a photograph laying in the grass. As I walked over I noticed it was of me.

Bemused and feeling a bit giddy from the adrenaline rush, I picked it up. It was a photograph of me standing in my parents driveway as a kid. I was wearing a 'Save the Planet' tee shirt. I flipped the photograph over. Scrawled in red letters, were the words, "I can still see you." 




 A whole new wooooorrld!!! 




 Ah! I made one of these as a kid! It was mesmerizing...still...is....  




 Aw, yay! Happy tears! 




 This is one of my favorites. :) 




 We would have to walk around the class room in a line, one behind the other and drop our valentines in everyone's box as we passed their desk. Everyone was supposed to give one to everyone else. Through 3rd-6th grade, almost everyone would skip me... :( Kids are mean, and I didn't give any for sixth grade. I didn't even stand up. 




 That's so clever!  




 Abalone is a specific animal and produces a distinct color and swirl pattern that consists of nacre similar to most mollusks. However, the shells in the photo supplied by OP are not from an abalone shell. The shells are too white and too smooth. But it's all pretty!  




 /r/woahdude  




 It's a cuttlefish. It's this in the same family though. :) Cephalopods are neat. 




 I've recently heard the term Octopode, from a marine biologist. I think it sounds a bit more eloquent than Octopuses. 




 I love cuttlefish. Hands down, my favorite (non human) creature on the planet. 




 I don't think they would appreciate me hawking my stuff. I just wanted to share something that I created. If you're seriously interested in me making you one, PM me for details. 




 ...that escalated quickly. 




 It's mother of pearl 




 I believe those are actually white labradorite. Often called Rainbow moonstone. Is so pretty!  




 Most people that I know, who wire wrap have gone through a ton of time and materials to hone their own techniques. It's something that takes a ton of practice and patience. I'm not half as good as most of the people on here, but I've gone through my fair share of wire and broken gems. I'm still learning too.  




 Oh wow. That's beautiful! 
























