 Children of the Corn.

Actually pretty good, until everything got so super natural. 




 Moist. 




 Paths of Glory by Stanley Kubrick

Definitely one of his best films. 




 Their is no time in a black hole. 
























 It has always flabbergasted how people could be rude to waiters/waitresses...They have complete control over your food and you're first instinct is to be an asshole.

Good luck with that. 




 Heath Ledger.
It seemed like his career was really about to take off. 




 After 5 years of having braces I'm still waiting for someone to say "Nice teeth". 




 Great movie! 
The soundtrack really does it for me. 
























 Fry.
 




 Swing Away. 




 Moody's Point from the Amanda Show. 




 At least you will die rich.....
 
























 Anything captured on camera that makes your head turn 




 Blockbuster.......watching a movie online is nothing compared to the great feeling of seeing one last copy of that new release.

Plus is was down the street from my house, so there's that. 




 Zim 




 Whenever I'm at a friend's house that is near train tracks I fear that the train will derail and come straight through the house and kill everybody. 
























 It seems like every scene is actually set in late 1700's Vienna. The streets, the opera house, the royal palace, the costumes, the symphonies, and even what I would imagine a 18th century insane asylum to look like.

Love Murray and Hulce in it as well.
9.5/10 




 Any TV show, book, or movie you can think of.
 




 Hope....the thought that one day, life will be better. 




 A laptop with a built in printer. 
























 That's not weird, just convenient.  




 Need to not feel alone in being and acting weird. 




 What are they doing in the scene? I can't seem to find it. 





























 That spot is apparently really popular now, thanks to the movie. 




 I don't think I have ever watched a chiller movie. The dry humor of the narrator fits perfectly. You get to experience other cultures and locations around the world. I just think the movie should be studied as how to make something laid back. The music, the people, the story, The Endless Summer. 

Enough Said. Just go watch it and wind down. 




 It's gonna be a good Tuesday. 




 All I see is hate and anger towards the dialogue,but there must be some light for these films.

 
























 Lawrence of Arabia number 118?

How can you look me in the eyes and honestly say that Hot Fuzz is more favored then Lawrence of FUCKING Arabia 









 A Clockwork Orange (1971), Stanley Kubrick 




 A clockwork orange has three very different acts and I think they all work pretty well in the grand scheme of the film. 
























 most likely not, but just hearing news about that earthquake got me thinking about all that stuff. 




 Probably a small number of people, but still gotta try. 




 One step at a time, just remember that it's suppose to be fun, try to enjoy really coming up with your characters and story. Make them seem like they are real people in a world you have created for them 




 Just make sure you have most of the plot figured out before writing, it's an awful challenge trying to come up with dialogue and plot motions at the same time. 
























 I'm not really sure, it's probably 480p. I'm watching it on TV and it's a non HD channel. 

But yeah the lighting is dimmer and not as sharp, which suits Alien which is why the idea came to mind. 




 Watching Alien right now in regular format and it seems it suits it better than HD.  




 The masks that they have on when they rob the bank 




 I will never be good and that's not bad. 




 He scouted all the locations and got a lot of the casting done, but it was ultimately too expensive to finance. 
 
The whole script is online if you're interested, I believe they're trying to make a miniseries based on the script. 




 Napoleon by Stanley Kubrick would have been the movie to end all movies. 




 I know you said no romance but Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind will rip your heart out and stitch it back together again.
 




 Sounds like the 1920's all right......Nobody gave a shit 




 If you look the guy pouring has nothing but foam in his cup......"It's gonna be a while" 




 Any movie, no matter the genre, that you enjoy while getting baked. 




 Movies similar to Lawrence of Arabia or Dances with Wolves. 




 Forrest Gump for sure..
 
























