 I took it and it is virtually the same. 95% Sanders and 91% Hillary Clinton. Given that AND (not because) the fact that I like Hillary more I feel more than comfortable to keep supporting Hillary. No offense to Sanders but he just doesn't inspire me in the same way as Hillary has the last few years. 




 He's attractive but I'm not sure I'd watch baseball just for that. I've only recently realized that sports aren't actually horrible or terribly boring in the last year or so and started watching some of them but baseball is one that I just stopped even trying to get into. 
























 Tyler Posey is too hot not to be. And all the other eye candy is a nice bonus. The show could definitely do with more lacrosse, though. I've watched a few MLL matches and it is quite good. 




 I was just reading that actually. While I do like what he is saying it seems to be essentially the same rhetoric I've heard from most of the other candidates on the Democratic side, so this isn't inspiring--it is stuff they're all parroting in some form or another (and I agree with it). Definitely not enough to have me choose Sanders over any other candidate, like Hillary. As I stated above, apparently I match up virtually the same with both Sanders in Hillary on the issues so it is unlikely that their stances on the issues by themselves will be enough to sway me from one or the other. 
























 Why does editing a post mean a person gets down-voted? 




 Because his people weren't able to get them all taken down. Around the time when Teen Wolf was about to come out some website got threatening legal letters or something from lawyers or something trying to get the photos taken down.  
























 Alas, where was this assertive Obama when the Democratic Party controlled both chambers in the first years of his first term?  




 I'm new here so I'm not quite sure what the deal is; is there anyway to know when some of the subreddit forums will be open again or should I just check back again in a few hours/days? In the meantime I guess I can look for cool subreddit forums that are actually up. 
























 I'm getting more confused here. I didn't write what you're quoting. I was simply confused about why editing a post on Reddit means a person on gets down-voted. 




 I remember a lot of that being him trying to compromise and watering it down in order to get it passed by a bipartisan vote and then getting zero Republicans to vote for it anyway. 
























 That's a very disparaging characteristic. Some of us like Bernie Sanders as well as Hillary Clinton but find that both of them align with us politically about the same, despite some rhetorical differences in spelling it out. So, if that is the case how do we choose who to support? Their views aren't enough if they align practically the same, as is my case.  




 I don't understand this idea that the media somehow is against Sanders? Don't they love competition in order to increase suspense and thus ratings? That's their main goal, I thought. They did that in the 2012 election; making it seem like Romney had a bigger chance than he actually did. And I've definitely seen Sanders mentioned on CNN and MSNBC. Hell, Rachel Maddow has clearly not hidden her admiration for him, as have other hosts.  
























 I have. And you know what? Looking at their voting records doesn't make everyone reach the same conclusion. Mostly because people find some issues/votes more important than others. I know that Sanders opposed a 2007 immigration reform bill while Hillary Clinton supported it (just edited this because I accidentally deleted the "supported it" here before I posted this)--and I find that a much more important issue than others; and in this case Hillary Clinton voted much more in line with my own views. 




 They both support improving on the ACA, support a deal with Iran over their nuclear program, support normalizing relations with Cuba, have slammed income inequality, and so on. I support these--as do they. And I did that isidewith thing that people have been posting all over r/politics and the results were identical to the point that the difference was negligible: 95% Sanders and 91% Clinton--a mere four percentage points difference. So, yes I can agree with both and they both seemingly putting out the same thing. 
























 That is being quite disengenous. The donations were from people employed by those companies and take into account donations since the 1990s. And finance is a huge employer in New Yorks so it is not surprising that people working and living there give political donations, as I'm sure people employed by the largerst employers in Vermont give to Sanders. And I don't resent her for her family's wealth, or Sanders' (the Clinton family may be wealthier than him but that doesn't negate the fact that he is wealthier than all but a few percent of Americans), especially because she is also committed to helping others get ahead. http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2015/jul/07/facebook-posts/meme-says-hillary-clintons-top-donors-are-banks-an/ 




 I was concerned when I saw the headlines recently, but then I read the article and I realized that the supposed corporate donors were just people employed by those companies. Clinton represented New York which has a large population and is really expensive to run for office in and it is, essentially, the banking mecha of the US, so it isn't surprising that workers there (edited: used the wrong "there") are donating to her rather than Sanders. And the politifact article explained that this took into account donations since the 1990s. 
























 Well, we'll disagree there--not too surprising in politics. I just don't think she's the corporate puppet some people want to make her out to  be.  




 Secure Borders, Economic Opportunity and Immigration Reform Act of 2007 

http://www.politico.com/story/2015/06/bernie-sanders-and-immigration-its-complicated-119190.html 
























 The link "ALL THE RESULTS IN ENGLISH" is quite useful. Unsurprisingly, if either the primaries or general election were held now Hillary Clinton would win the majority of the Latino vote in both. One of the most interesting bits of information from the poll is that, of those Latino voters that do know who Sanders is (about 32% overall) opinions on him are split: 16% view him very/somewhat favorably and 16% view him very/somewhat unfavorably. 









 Van Jones (CNN commentator) tweeted a link to a statement from MoveOn that succinctly highlights some of what got BlackLivesMatter activists and a lot of black Americans upset about their responses. It reads, in part: 
Similarly, while economic and racial justice issues certainly intersect, and reducing economic inequality will benefit people of all races, portrayals of racial injustice as merely an offshoot of economic injustice or the implication that solutions to economic inequality will take care of racism represent a fundamental misunderstanding of how race operates in our country."

Unfortunately, it seems that some Sanders supporters did't quite understand how those responses were perceived to be dismissive of their concerns (and in turn, it may have seemed like Sanders and O'Malley were being dismissive of those concerns or their importance) and have themselves come across as dismissive of the concerns of the black Americans that participated in and got the  #BernieSoBlack (edited this because I accidentally wrote the hashtag as #SandersSoBlack) hashtag trending on Twitter for hours. Some of them were tweeting in what seemed to be a very patronizing "I (or in this case: Sanders) knows what's best for you" kind of way--at least judging by the arguments I saw earlier on Twitter. It obviously inflamed passions, but at least the tweet have turned a bit more jocular than they were earlier on. 




 Hello, I'm in the US (as is the my niece who I want to purchase a desktop for). Her family's old computer gave out and her parents don't want her using the new PC for anything other than homework and web browsing so I said I'd purchase her one she could use for her PC games. I'd prefer not to spend more than $500, if at all possible, but am willing to spend around $600-800 if absolutely necessary (she's an amazing kid but spending that much on a teenager seems kind of extravagant). I don't know much about PCs but from what I've read simulation and strategy games aren't necessarily that most graphic heavy/detailed games, anyway; especially older ones. It would be great if she could play them at the maximum settings since I think the look of the games and detail is what drew her to video games in the first place (and I want to encourage that even if I'm not too into it myself). She mostly plays strategy and simulation games like the Sims and Civilization. I'm assuming newer games have higher graphical detail and the newest she owns are: Civilization Beyond Earth and Civilization Starships, The Sims 3, The Sims 4, and Cities Skylines. She owns older versions of similar titles but I assume that any desktop that can play the newer games at maximum settings can play the older ones at maximum settings with no problems. The old computer's monitor and keyboard and mice are still usable since the family's new computer came with those things so all I need to buy her is the gaming desktop itself. I want to buy it online from a reputable store (Amazon, etc...) and have it delivered to their home. Thank you in advance. 




 Been looking for it myself because I want to show it to some people but I saw both of them and Clinton's was better I'd say. She was more passionate than she usually seems to be during speeches and even though they both spoke about similar things Hillary seemed to connect better with the audience, even though her audience was many times greater in size than Sanders'. If I find a link I'll post it here.

Found a recorded video of it (The one labeled Monday Luncheon; she takes the stage near the end of the recording at 3:14:44) there was a delay so she took the stage later than planned and people had to stay in the room or risk losing their seats--was really tough for people that had to use restroom!: http://original.livestream.com/nclrevents/video?clipId=pla_578dee51-f9d2-4c13-9c9f-548083d44ad4 utm_source=lslibrary utm_medium=ui-thumb  




 According to the CNN article on this, the union met with Clinton, Sanders, and O'Malley and union members chose Clinton by a three-to-one margin.
http://www.cnn.com/2015/07/11/politics/hillary-clinton-american-federation-of-teachers/index.html 
 
























