 Look at Portland, OR. No fluoride, beautiful, friendly city. 




 Take a guess. 




 Games are my passion. I love games because they are a powerful way to give someone an EXPERIENCE.  The encompass everything that movies have, charactors, story, visual effects, audio, music, lighting, etc.  AND they allow the person experiencing them to interact with the game world as if they are part of it.  The are the best outlet for my creativity short of dreaming (which unfortunately I can't share (yet =P ) ). 




 Like skipping? Try spicking! A combination of skipping and spinning, it is over twice as fun as normal skipping and still 63% as efficient as normal walking! 




 Let's take skipping back! 




 So invoking your rights gives cause to assume you are a criminal?! 




 My dog is terrified! I found her hiding under the stereo system when I got home. 




 Organized atheism is just another religion! I don't care how much you down vote me, it's still true! 




 Y tu Mamma tambien. 




 Atheism is just another religion. 




 Why do you think it is more difficult now? 




 We need to simply dissolve the system by no longer participating in it.  Reorganize in hyper-local and online communities.  Do not pay taxes.  Reduce your reliance on currency.  Produce yourself everything that you can. 




 I will never understand the supposed correlation of liking bright colors and liking dick up the a.. 




 I took a course on Unity3D a few months ago and I'm now employed as a game programmer.  Note, I do have about 3 years professional coding experience. 




 You are definitely on the right track.  Learning to program IS the most important thing if you want to program games.  C# is good next move.  I recommend downloading Unity3D now and start C# programming with that.  This will get you creating games right away!

Have fun and good luck! 




 What a beautiful human being. 




 just did a ctrl+F "club" and downvoted all matches. 




 Education should be free and available to everyone, regardless of wealth or test scores.  All that's should be required is a desire to learn.  If we spent a tiny fraction on the amount we do on war, we could accomplish this.  We also need to remove the corrupt influence of business and self-serving politicians from the education system.  This would lift our society up more than anything we've ever tried. 




 Are you seriously arguing that we shouldn't increase the accessibly of education because some people still might not be able to afford it?!  So we should perhaps make it more difficult for "the 50%" to even things out? The more educated our society is the better off we will be, and indeed the more equality will ultimately see. 




 Why do atheists need billboards to proclaim their nonbelief? To somehow even things out?  It is absurd.  It is everyone's right to choose what they believe or don't believe. You DO NOT have to act all butthurt because your belief is not the most popular one. 




 That's some original thought you've got there. 




 Christians sometimes DO deride people for not believing what they believe. As do some atheists.  




 Your comment makes me reflect my own thought process, and for that you have an upvote.  I'm not sure if I agree with you though. 




 ignore him? 




 he will have to eat exponentially more each day to get the same effect 




 I was just coming here to post this one, but you did it funnier. Good job. 




 Ok.. so did this ad change its text to reflect the most popular comment?! How much fun can we have with this?! 




 What is this symbol? 




 I find this rather presumptive of Netflix. If I'm watching Weeds I really want to watch the opening because a different band covers the opening theme in each episode.  Also there NEEDS to be an option to turn off auto play so you can watch an ep while you fall asleep. 




 What I don't understand about /atheism is why there seems to be a false dichotomy between Christians and Atheists, as if those are the only two options and that the Christian view of God is the only possible one.  Many people have belief in something they call "God" which bears no resemblance to the spiteful, meddling Man in the sky.  It seems like a straw-man argument to me. 




 uh.. you're thinking of Israel? 




 Annyong. 




 Saying "Guns don't kill people, people kill people." is like saying"Toasters don't toast toast. Toast toasts toast." 




 Did they just show the ending of the movie in the trailer? 




 Other ways to make your life not suck so much:
1. Live with other people and split up the division of labor so you don't have to shop, cook, and clean as often
2. Shop at a food co-op where the people are friendlier and less dead
3. Better yet, start a garden and grow your own food
4. Bike to work
5. Don't work a mind-numbing job for 50 hours a week
6. Weed 




 Think of the buttloads of debt you are not getting yourself into!  Nobody really cares about degrees anyway. 




 That makes no sense. 




 how many upvotes can you fetch with a pun like that? 




 it's only getting more legal. 




 Freedom of the press and freedom to investigate and criticize corporations:
http://animalrights.about.com/od/animallaw/a/What-Are-Ag-Gag-Laws-And-Why-Are-They-Dangerous.htm
http://www.wired.com/wiredscience/2013/05/ag-gag-public-health/ 




 taste of your own medicine 




 you're telling me this is a SHIP? so it rocks back and forth in the ocean? 




 I had a phone stolen while I was dancing a show.  When I got home, I got on my computer logged into Lookout and saw the phone was about 45 minutes away in a park.  I drove there and then it showed up as being in a house. I decided to come back in the morning and the phone registered as being in between two houses, so I went to each of them and rang the bell.  The first one was a Mom of two teenagers who swore her kids were no where near a club the night before.  The second one was an older lady.  I persuaded her to let me borrow her computer so I could show her where the phone was located.  Finally, she gave me her phone and I called my phone. We heard it ringing in the neighbor's yard next door! (The Mom of the teenagers).  I went back there and the Dad went around to the backyard and retrieved my phone.  The screen was cracked but it was still functional.  It had been locked out from too many pattern lock attempts.  I think someone tried to get it and got fed up so they threw it over the fence into these people's yard.

Amazing that I got it back, and it served me well for another year until I dropped it in my dog's water bowl. 




 Thanks for your reply! Just for that, I googled you and I think I remember watching Perfect Strangers when I was a little kid, so we're not such strangers after all! 




 am i supposed to know who you are? 




 Broken clock.. twice a day. 




 wouldn't work because the Earth would have moved on by the time the light goes there and back.  you could see "back in time" but it would be somewhere else in the universe. 




 holy skullito! 




 All the other species on the planet would rejoice! 




 On the escalator: stand to the right walk to the left! Do not stand on the left and obstruct the walkers. Not everyone is as lazy as you! 




 Actually I have met indigenous people in Ecuador and I have been to rain forests and seen first hand how the last bastions of a way of life are being destroyed in the face of a self-replicating system gone mad.  Thinking about more ecosystem destruction, more death and more extinction, more displaced people breaks my heart.  "What's the problem?" Are you seriously asking that question? 




 It is a not a criticism of Ecuador or even of China, but a criticism of a system in crisis.  Yes, Western nations have built up their wealth through the decimation of natural resources, [edit] both [/edit] domestic and abroad.  But this does not mean we should simply sit back and allow the rest of our planet's resources to be destroyed because "they did it first."  This is like raiding a store with the justification that other people have shoplifted.  We need to start thinking GLOBALLY and LONG-TERM if we are to have a future on this planet. 




 Pretty trees? How about life-sustaining oxygen and ecosystems?! Do you realize that 50% of the worlds plant and animal species live in rain forests?  Your perspective is severely misinformed. 




 How can we stop this?! 




 No. This is actually about 1/3 of the Ecuadorian rain forest.  Not all of Ecuador is covered in rain forest. 




 I was contesting the claim that intuition is a "dangerous idea".  My position is that intuition is real and can point people in the right direction when pursuing truth.  Intuition is the acquisition of information through unconscious sources. I qualify this by saying that although (or "but") it is a legitimate way of moving towards truth, it is not sufficient to serve as evidence in a legal context.  Accepting that hunches can contain truth, they still do not make good evidence because a person could simply be lying about their hunch.  The data which leads to the hunch is not readily available for the public scrutiny because it is very much a personal experience. 




 Intuition is a real and scientifically-studied phenomenon, but obviously it alone shouldn't serve as evidence.  




 lmao. keep trying there are a few good apples. 









 I would love a section on music theory, with exercises.  In fact, I would like to help MAKE this section. 




 Have a cow, man. Or don't... 




 what's funny is that Karma is actually something you're supposed to get RID of. not acquire. 




 I actually went home on my lunch break to read for a half hour! 




 That's exactly what I'd be doing if I weren't at work! 




 where did that freak find such a giant bottle cap?! 




 I think you mean Whiskerpedia. 









 Have you ever TRIED magic mushrooms? 




 He's a wise man.  Too bad he doesn't have enough backbone to defend his own beliefs. 




 My friends group are starting a burning man alternative for ticket "rejects".  We have the inspiration, love, and organization to pull this off.  We just a place big enough to accommodate us all.  We are in CA. 




 My favorite was when the rook ate the queen, GUUAAARH! 




 This comment made me raise an eyebrows. I'm all ears when it comes to these pun threads, but I'm starting to open my eyes to the fact that some people will mouth off a little. I just plug my nose and turn the other cheek. 




 cried on the shower floor in the fetal position. 




 cocaine 




 We are all teachers and learners.  Every single human being on the planet has something to teach.  Yes, there are some people who are more willing to open there eyes and learn than others.  Yes, psychedelics help us to open our eyes.  There are many paths.  Acknowledging our ignorance is the beginning of knowledge. 




 why pedobear no likey me no more =( 




 It's possible.  I was just reading about how researchers are looking at ketamine now as a potential anti-depressant at dosages lower than those used recreationally that cause hallucinations.  In that case the drug seemed to effect to NDMA receptor system.

But I really think that mushrooms in there natural state are just perfect!  Our society seems to have some sort of obsession with distilling and removing natural medicines from nature, often with unintended consequences. 




 Have you thought that maybe there is something fundamental about tripping that causes the positive psychological effects?  How can you benefit from the effects of a drug without actually experiencing the effects of the drug? 




 No new drugs need to be developed.  It is already here and has been for thousands of years. 




 I skimmed a lot of it.  Whatever legitimate points it may contain about speaking and living with confidence of your own value is completely lost by the sexist ranting and general douchery.  This is the **Guide to being a Pompous, Misogynist Asshole**. 




 i'm 12 and wat is this stage i've reached? 




 Were you trying to be cute when you came up with the acronym "SAD"? 




 did not notice the circuit board before! 




 beautiful.  the universe inside the mind (inside the universe).  what are the symbols along the gold dial? 




 booo! unfunny facts! =( 




 I wanted to see T-rex getting fed up trying to steal from the vending machine and just chomping the thing in half. 




 Please show me one research paper that suggests that magic mushrooms are toxic. 




 As far as I know there are NO long term physical side effects of taking psilocybin containing mushrooms.  If anyone can find any research which indicates to the contrary, please post.

You need to be aware that frequent psychedelic usage WILL change your personality.  The effects should be mostly beneficial however. =) Also be aware that you may develop a tolerance, and the "specialness" of the experience may subside.  I suggest limiting yourself to monthly for now, since you are a new psychonaut.  Your psyche needs time to adjust to things you will find out about yourself and the universe.

Have fun and peace! 




 That's pretty much exactly what I was trying to express.  I wonder when this pattern was first conceived of by human beings. 




 Wikipedia is tertiary source (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tertiary_source).  It's useful for getting a brief overview of a topic, but you can't use it to back up claims. You can however follow the links in wikipedia to the primary and secondary sources that ARE legitimate.  Notice my nuanced position. 




 I love Omegle! 














 Where did he write this? I would like to read it. 




 bout 5. still pretty dirt cheap if you've got the hookup.  but i think our shit is way weaker and you probably need at least 3 or 4 hits to get what you had.

hippies were the spiritual successors of the Burner/new agers. keeping the fire alive. 




 Music = vibrations = life.
I'll just say that sexual pleasure and spiritual fulfillment are not mutually exclusive.
I support your aspiration of spreading peace and goodness through music! 




 i'm really curious to read the trip report but also am not going to create an account on drugs-forum.  please copy and paste the text here. 














 nice, you're a meme 
























 What would happen if you spoke about something on the list of things you can't mention? 




 Neat idea, but will you make it opensource afterwards? 




 A closer reading reveals that she also has had multiple partners in that time frame as evidenced by
"I pretend to be an underaged boy and pickup male clientS"
Her husband is very likely only one of them.

Still, what he is doing is way more fucked up, indeed. 









 Thanks for your reply.  I don't think you're an asshole, just coming from a different perspective.

Ok cool, but that's still 100% anecdotal and completely unscientific. It means absolutely nothing to anyone other than you or your friend.

I understand you are coming at this completely from a scientific POV here, but I really don't think science is the only way to ascertain truth.  There is such a thing as intuition, and just plain observation and reasoning (which science does apply, but most of the time we do this without doing complete scientific studies).  I don't know if there are any studies comparing the prevalence of bad trips on shrooms vs. lsd, but I'd be very curious to see the results.  I do take issue with discounting personal experience completely.  I trust my own experience much more than anecdotes OR studies (which are sometimes falsified or inherently flawed).  Sometimes personal conclusions are wrong too, but at least I know I can trust myself.  This is a huge philosophical topic right here, which I'm sure we can could back and forth on all day, but honestly, do you not believe anything you learned through experience unless there are numerous, repeated, well-constructed studies about it?

but your wording implies that Psilocybin is somehow a more "true" psychedelic than others, and that the differences between psilocybin and chemicals with a similar structure or effect are inherent shortcomings in relation to psilocybin

I do think there is something to be said about the fact that mushrooms have been around on Earth for as long as we have.  [Terrance McKenna had some interesting thoughts on the subject](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsZbxRzWYLc)

This is only very loosely even close to the truth. First of all, there's not just one "lock" and there's no "distorted" way for the "key" to fit.

I was speaking metaphorically.  I have a general understanding of neurotransmitters and how psychoactive drugs work.

 it just strikes me as somewhat intellectually dishonest to make a post implying that shrooms are somehow better or healthier than LSD, or that there's any relative reason to avoid LSD in the first place.

I don't have an agenda and I'm not trying to mislead people.  I encourage everyone to do their own research and trust their own experiences!  I also don't think there is anything wrong with sharing one's own experience and the thoughts that have come out of those experiences.
 




 [Shrooms can also help cure depression](http://www.theguardian.com/science/2013/apr/07/magic-mushrooms-treat-depression)
It worked for me.
Just remember: mindset and setting!  And take it real easy on the dose the first time. 




 See my answer to the same question above. 




 I have a lot of experience with both, personally and anecdotally.  My experience with shrooms has been mostly positive.  I come away from the experience with a renewed sense of wonder and a deeper understanding of my place in the Universe.  I really believe that they help reveal as close to anything that can be called "truth" as possible.

LSD, on the other hand can also be a tremendously powerful experience, and many times the experience is positive, but many times it is not.  It also often leads to great feelings of "revelation".  However, it seems to me that the revelations are much more likely to be false with LSD.  A friend of mine came away feeling like there was no love in the world.  I think it often talks about the same subject as shrooms, but distorts the message.  It makes  sense physiologically for LSD to lead to false epiphanies when you consider that is has a very similar molecular structure to psilocybin.  It's as if it is another key that turns the same lock, but always in some sort of distorted way.

And since this is r/conspiracy, I'll just remind people that [the CIA experimented with LSD in the 1960's as a method of mind-control](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_MKUltra). 














 Sometimes I feel like reddit is really advancing human ethics.  It's like we are all collectively working out proper behavior.  Sure, there are kinks, but they were a great band. 




 Horoscopes are just a small part of astrology. I assume you mean astrology in general though? 




 I know I'm gonna get downvoted for this but... 




 I humbly urge people to veer towards the shrooms and away from the lsd. 




 Mine: making sweeping generalizations and judgments about people based on their dietary choices. 




 It took me a while too. Basically you have to listen to every sentence you are about to say in your head and then remove all the "like"s beforehand. 




 Good for her! 




 That is not correct. ac - bc = (a-b)c. Always.  10x - 0.9 = 9.01 doesn't make any sense.  What happened to the x on the 10?  You treated it as 1 in that case?  There is no other way to evaluate it besides to 9x. 




 USE FOLDERS! 




 it was funnier when IWillBeInTheCorner said it. 




 It could very well be that the dumb boys keep their mouths shut more than the girls. 




 When society and media constantly tell you something about yourself, you start to believe it.  When I was about 6 my sister and I got into an argument and she called me a "girl" as an insult.  To get even, I called her a "boy" and she shrugged and said she didn't mind being called a boy.  Made me realize some things about society and status right then. 




 Hahaha! She really didn't know that Africa has a Prime Minister? 




 Rejoice!  I did my part. 




 I imagine for you it is probably novelty seeking.  For me I actually find the opposite effect.  A song or album gets better after I've listened to it 2 or 3 times.  Like I start to understand it and appreciate it better. 




 Same thing happened to me! 














 That's your judgement.  He was a sensitive guy who like poetry and classical music.  Does that make one a "pussy"?  Matter of opinion. 




 You're right. I don't even know you. Sorry if I offended you. 




 You mean the joke we've all heard 100 times on this page alone? 




 Gale in Breaking Bad was vegan.  Nothing bad was said about it. 




 found the conformist with no original thought. 




 Guess what. B12 doesn't come from meat either. It comes from bacteria. 




 No... I subtracted x.  I defined x to equal .9 which is perfectly legal to do.  So you agree up to 10x = 9.9, right?  So 10x - x = 9x and 9.9 - x = 9.  Make sense? 




 I posted another proof above.  It's not a mathematical fallacy.  Here is my proof: 
let x = .9_(repeating), multiply both sides by 10: 10x = 9.9_, subtract x from both sides: 9x = 9, and divide by 9 giving: x = 1, therefore: 1 = .9_

Oh and here is the wikipedia article explaining more: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/0.999... 




 Here is another proof.
let x = .99999(repeating),
multiply both sides by 10:
10x = 9.99999(repeating),
subtract x from both sides:
9x = 9,
and divide by 9 giving:
x = 1,
therefore:
1 = .999999(repeating) 




 You are missing my point entirely.  I'm not saying that we one needs to be physically capable of killing an animal to eat it.  What I am saying is that one should be emotionally responsible for their own actions.  When people buy meat in a store that comes from a factory farm they are completely removed from the process that produced the meat and have no idea what sort of suffering was endured.  At least when someone raises and slaughters an animal on their own, they are well aware of what they are doing.  Tribal societies honored the life the animals they killed and treated them with respect.  Animals "raised" for food today are  treated with no respect and in fact are treated legally as property rather than living, sentient beings.  That is fucked. 




 You hit the nail on the head.  The intense anger reaction is because they are NOT comfortable with their own actions.  And you are calling attention to it. 




 Everybody is is saying "oh, it's not so bad! could be worse!" But why are we assuming that it is our right or necessity to eat chicken in the first place?  This is just a small sampling of the torture animals have to endure under factory farming.  I think if you want to eat animals you should be comfortable with killing the animal yourself.  Don't leave it to a big industrialized process that has no regard for humane practices and also leaves you completely removed from the process that delivers the meat to your plate.  I'm not saying no one should ever eat meat, but the way it is done in modern society is completely out of control.  It's literally destroying the planet, destroying people's health, and leaving a trail of misery and suffering along the way. 




 How about, if you want to eat chicken, you kill it yourself. 




 Here is proof that Earth is intact and not polluted or radioactive.
http://scifi.stackexchange.com/questions/3158/why-did-the-people-on-the-jetsons-live-in-the-sky
Scroll down to the second answer. 




 Why would people downvote this? To make more room at the top for cute dogs? 




 Holy shit guys! I'm excited!  Let's get some real direct democracy up in here! 




 Wow, I never even considered the possibility of singing and playing DIFFERENT notes.  It seems like when I try to sing a different not than I'm playing it doesn't sound as clearly though. 




 This makes this really awesome buzzing tone.  I've even seen people do it professional performances.  Does anyone know what it is called or how to notate it? Thanks! 




 That is the biggest cop out I've ever heard. There is such a thing as a more sustainable practice.  How about doing a little research instead of being lazy and ignorant? 




 Old sailor's saying: Any port in a storm. 




 http://www.salon.com/2011/08/28/bisexuality_2/ 




 A new world is literally a new world and an opportunity to do things completely differently.  Since we are approaching it from somewhere else we can do things after careful though and examination.  No need to rush in to things and much it up.

The very first things we should do is take inventory of the entire planet.   Where are the resources concentrated?  What areas are most suitable of habitation?  The entire thing should be in a database in a computer system so we can use algorithms to help make informed decisions.  We also have an opportunity to switch to renewable energy.  If we concentrate our efforts we can produce a network of a 100% renewable sources such as solar, wind, geothermal, tidal, etc.

Our goal should be to live an existence that both allows us to thrive and doesn't disrupt the lives of the billions of other species of life on the planet.  Sustainability is key.  We should absolutely leverage the power of machines to do all sorts of repetitive tasks.  I imagine that each city could have an automated garden which would automatically grow and harvest the sustenance we need.

These are just some quick brainstormed ideas, but the point is this would be the perfect opportunity to do things right.  All it would take is the will to work together. 




 You just blew your cover. 









 The second half is WAY more exciting than the first! 




 Ahhhh! Going to the library tomorrow for book 5! 




 Play Dance Dance Revolution. I used to play all day sometimes. I was GOOD at that shit. Screw it, I'm off to the arcade! 




 With Overstock.com doing $126,000 of business in one day in bitcoin, more merchants are sure to follow suit.  But, will these companies keep their assets in bitcoin or immediately convert to $?  If this is constantly happening, at many merchants, won't it cause the price to decline rapidly due to the huge sell off?  Or will this be compensated by more people purchases bitcoin to make purchases with? 




 RIP Phil Hartman 









 Are you implying that smoking marijuana "lowers your senses"? Are you missing a "don't" from your statement?  Otherwise it sounds like you are saying that people mistakenly do drugs in order to lower their senses and that the way to remain with lowered senses is to not do drugs. Some might agree with this. 




 ADD is defined by the DSM5 as a psychiatric disorder:
http://www.dsm5.org/Documents/ADHD%20Fact%20Sheet.pdf
In order to "have" ADD one must meet 6 criteria from a small list of behaviors.  Can your behaviors change? Yes. So can you just "get" ADD? According to its definition and that logic, yes.  If you were objecting to my usage of my term at all because you don't feel it is useful or helpful to refer to the meeting of these criterion as a disorder, then we agree!  I simply used it for fun in more of a tongue-in-cheek manner like gay people affectionately call each other "fairies".

Also, there is a lot of ongoing research investigating the neurological effects that the internet may have on our brains: http://www.today.ucla.edu/portal/ut/PRN-081015_gary-small-ibrain.aspx
As all repetitive experience does, it has measurable effects on the brain, and very likely changes our behavior, even if in minute subtle ways.  I think this is actually fascinating and I think about the prospects of societies neurological structure changing on a mass scale.  Perhaps something like a new phase of humanity?!

As for marijuana, I know at least some research has indicated a higher prevalence of pot smoking among those with ADD.  Of course, CORRELATION DOES NOT IMPLY CAUSATION.  It could well be that people who have those symptoms just also happen to like smoking pot =) (Or any other number of explanations.)  But it does seem like some of the things on the ADD list are quite similar to some of the things on the "marijuana intoxication" list.  I think similarly of the internet usage, these changes are not "good" or "bad" or "orderly" or "disorderly" (unless your talking about relative to the status quo, but that's a whole 'nother discussion.)  These characteristics just are, but they can makes a really big difference in the way we live our lives!

Now I'll speak of my personal experience.  I am diagnosed with ADD and I always felt like many of my behaviors weren't detrimental at all, but simply annoying to teachers, like standing in class, and asking tangential questions.  Other behaviors I did want to change, like failing to finish things I was excited to start, and have been pretty successful at doing so.  I smoke pot and I have fun and I get things done.

TL;DR Think about it. 




 Yes, I am missing your point. Please elaborate. 




 Why would anyone want that? 









 Letters From a Nut was hilarious!  When did you publicly reveal the true author? 




 I think specifically that we raised animals in a factory-like setting on a massive scale and treated them as if they were inanimate objects until slaughtering them. 




 dur, did a google search for spelling help and urban dictionary came up. saw dictionary and thought, yup, i've got it!

 




 No, it's definitely fecicious. 









 Elementary school: no skipping 




 John Lennon 




 I think all of these maxims are meant to be taken with a grain of salt.  They are general suggestions to guide behavior, not absolute rules. We are not programming robots here. 









 How about the Wiccan Rede:
*Do what you will, so long as it harms none* 




 Once in a dream I had a someone show up in my bedroom and asks me to follow him.  He flew out the window and I followed him.  He took me to the backroom of some building where there was a meeting going on.  It was a secret lucid dreamers alliance meeting!

In another dream, I tried to go back there by flying to the building.  I went in through the front which was filled with offices and cubicles.  I tried to make my way to the back where the meeting was and a woman in a suit came out and told me I couldn't go back there.  I told her I had to find out if it were real.  At this point she produced a pistol and pointed it at me! She said forcefully "IT WASN'T REAL"!

It seems to me like there are some dream figure who want the truth to be known (the liberators) and others who want to suppress the truth about the dream state. 




 He went out with a bang. 




 Except for the people for don't and actually do the things they say they will do.  We exist. 









 This is absolute nonsense.  Anyone who has experienced a lucid dream knows this cannot be true because they have been conscious WITHIN the dream and can recall the narrative.  Lucid dreaming has been scientifically verified by researcher Steven LeBerge who was able to signal from within a dream using a series of eye movements. 









 How is Piper a "sociopath"?  And Nancy?  Nancy was self-centered and narcissistic maybe, but not a sociopath.  Piper isn't even selfish.  She's just a young woman who made a stupid mistake trying to work her way through it. 




 Surprised noone's said "taxes". 




 What evidence? My personal experience tells me otherwise. 




 How do you "know" it is bs? 




 Like the buying age has anything to do with what age people start smoking. Most smokers I know seemed to have started when they were teenagers, some when they were 12. 




 Thanks a lot!! 




 Post the recipe please. 




 I thought Earth was island until I was 609. 









 Who ate Gilby's grape? 




 False awakening are VERY common when you are learning to lucid dream.  This is why I automatically do a reality check whenever I wake up, whether it is real or not. 




 The Law of Attraction, the idea that our thoughts draw things into our lives. 




 Funny how this is upvoted the most on r/atheism.
Here's part two of the interview:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08zNQ_wO0D8 




 REM sleep gets longer as the night goes on, and it can range from 5 minutes to over 90 at the end of the night.  This is why you have your best chance to have a lucid dream at the end of your sleep cycle, and also the longest (lucid) dreams.  Personally, I've had lucid dreams so long I could barely remember how they started and were way too long and detailed to write down completely.

One technique I've learned for extending a dream I feel slipping away is the SPIN technique.  Try spinning in circles.  Often times when you stop you will wake up in a completely different setting. In fact, you can use this technique to teleport by focusing on where you want to be while you are spinning! 




 "You're only a breath away.  It may looks closed off but you're already connected. So close maybe you can't see? Step back..." 




 Flowers for Fucking Algernon! Every time! 









 The implication was because of me, 




 "I've been depressed your entire life." -Mom 




 It will come to you when it is time.  In the meantime, you can have equally powerful experiences with lucid dreaming! 





























 I think some credit needs to go to the baby.  That is some excellent core strength! 




 Actually, I saw the original clip and it was above the mouth of a volcano... filled with crocodiles. 




 I'm not sure about Skyrim because I haven't played any other Elder Scrolls games, but I thought Human Revolution was great.  What about it did you think was a huge step backwards?  I don't think that using a game engine necessarily means you will end up with a better game, but at least it allows you to theoretically devote more time and resources to other parts of the game, like story, level design, etc.  Maybe companies just drop the ball sometimes because they are afraid to take risks and try to appeal to the lowest common denominator? 




 An animated .jpg   what the.. 




 Game engines are huge step forward, allowing developers to focus more on creating amazing worlds and less on graphics and physics programming. 




 Can we please remember that human health is not the only factor to consider when we ask "Are GMOs a good idea." What about the environmental implications? And why is the burden of proof on the people with concerns to prove that there may be problems.  Where are the in-depth long-term environmental studies before we introduce a new species into the ecosystem.  I don't believe we can guarantee that these fish will NEVER escape their farms and will not breed with wild salmon, fundamentally altering the entire ocean's ecosystem.  There is no turning back from that.  Shouldn't we abide by the precautionary principle and not rush into this?!  




 Can we please remember that human health is not the only factor to consider when we ask "Are GMOs a good idea." What about the environmental implications? And why is the burden of proof on the people with concerns to prove that there may be problems.  Where are the in-depth long-term environmental studies before we introduce a new species into the ecosystem.  I don't believe we can guarantee that these fish will NEVER escape their farms and will not breed with wild salmon, fundamentally altering the entire ocean's ecosystem.  There is no turning back from that.  Shouldn't we abide by the precautionary principle and not rush into this?!  




 So people shouldn't have the right to make informed decisions because... why? 




  It is the Governments of the world allowing things like patenting genes, letting those patents and copyrights exist for a significant amount of time, and making it illegal for farmers to re-use the seed, even if they don't care whether or not the engineered genes survived. If gene patents died out after say, 5 to 10 years, there wouldn't be as much of an issue.

Hmm.. well what happens when you have the same people working for the big corporations that work for the government and go back and forth between them?  [Take a look at this chart](http://occupy-monsanto.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/individual_monsanto_federal_position-large.jpg) and tell me that Monsanto isn't at least partially (if not mostly) responsible for the completely unregulated GMO playground. 














 Did you watch it? What do you think? 




 Me. You guys are sick. 




 You can turn off your computer now. 




 My dog will literally put the ball in my hand but not let go.  When I go to take it he will growl at me. 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forgiveness#Judaism 




 Please take your racist crap out of here and stop conflating Zionism with all Jews. 




 There are numerous well-documented studies which provide evidence of fluorides harmful effects on the human body and brain.

You can find a complete compilation of these studies at:
http://www.fluoridealert.org/fluoride-dangers/health/index.aspx

Ill give a summary of the most important findings:

**Brain Damage**

it is apparent that fluorides have the ability to interfere with the functions of the brain.
SOURCE: National Research Council. (2006). Fluoride in Drinking Water: A Scientific Review of EPA's Standards. National Academies Press, Washington D.C. p 187.

Studies in animals and human populations suggest that fluoride exposure, at levels that are experienced by a significant proportion of the population whose drinking water is fluoridated, may have adverse impacts on the developing brain. Though no final conclusions may be reached from available data, the findings are provocative and of significant public health concern.

SOURCE: Schettler T, et al. (2000). Known and suspected developmental neurotoxicants. pp. 90-92. In: In Harms Way - Toxic Threats to Child Development. Greater Boston Physicians for Social Responsibility: Cambridge, MA. (See report)

As of now, there are 18 human studies indicating that fluoride exposure is associated with lower IQs in children.  This is after controlling for other facturs which are associated with differences in IQ such as lead exposure and family income.  Some excepts:

These negative correlations between IQ and urinary As and between IQ and urinary fluoride indicate that exposure to high levels of As or fluoride, or both, could affect childrens intelligence... This study indicates that exposure to fluoride in drinking water is associated with neurotoxic effects in children.
SOURCE: Wang SX, et al. (2007). Arsenic and fluoride exposure in drinking water: children's IQ and growth in Shanyin county, Shanxi province, China. Environmental Health Perspectives 115(4):643-7.

Conclusion: High fluoride burden has a definite effect on the intellectual and physical development of children.
SOURCE: Wang S, et al. (2005). Effects of coal burning related endemic fluorosis on body development and intelligence levels of children. Journal of Applied Clinical Pediatrics 20(9): 897-898.

**Cancer**

There are many in-vitro laboratory studies which show that fluroide is a mutagenic compound, meaning it causes changes in DNA.  Many mutagenics are also carcinogenic.  One study even found that primates are more sensitive to the mutagenic effects than rats.
See: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/7679201?dopt=Abstract

Other findings:

As cells were exposed to higher doses of fluoride, the percentage of L-02 cells with DNA damage increased. This result is consistent with other studies... Therefore, considereing previous studies, we think that fluoride can cause lipid peroxidation, DNA damage and apoptosis, and that there is a positive relationship among these changes.
SOURCE: Wang AG, et al. (2004). Effects of fluoride on lipid peroxidation, DNA damage and apoptosis in human embryo hepatocytes. Biomedical and Environmental Sciences 17: 217-22.

**Bone Fractures and Bone Disease**

There is a well-known arthritic bone disease known as Skeletal fluorosis caused by excessive fluoride intake. Images: warning! may disturb you  

Many studies show that fluoride weakens bones:

In A/J strain, we found significant decreases in stiffness with increasing fluoride dose treatment. There was a significant difference between the treatment group 0 ppm and 100 ppm... In the A/J strain, there was a decrease in ultimate load with increasing fluoride dose treatment, with significant differences between the treatment group 0 ppm and the treatment group 100 ppm (p=0.017).

SOURCE: Mousny M, et al. (2006). The genetic influence on bone susceptibility to fluoride. Bone Aug 18; [Epub ahead of print]

The highest fluoride intake (50 mg/L) significantly diminished vertebral strength... This impairment of mineralization by fluoride appeared to be the primary cause of the diminished vertebral strength.

SOURCE: Turner CH, et al. (2001). Combined effects of diets with reduced calcium and phosphate and increased fluoride intake on vertebral bone strength and histology in rats. Calcified Tissue International 69: 51-57.

These are just some of the documented health-impairments associated with ingesting fluoride.  Others include:
**Dental Fluorosis** (yellowingof the teeth due to too much fluoride).  I have this!  as does 32% of American children according to the Center for Disease Control
http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/ss5403a1.htm

**Pineal and Thyroid gland impairment**  These glands are extremely important in regulating all types of normal body operations like emitting hormones and important neurotransmitters.  According to this study, the pineal gland is the primary target of fluoride accumulation within the body.
http://www.icnr.com/articles/fluoride-deposition.html 









 The only way I know of is deonization with Ion Exchange Resins.  Read about filters that remove fluoride here: http://fluoridealert.org/content/water_filters/ 




 Mostly true, except that kids have allowance and lunch money, and are offered soda and fast food as options in the lunch room.  Also, don't underestimate the power of children to get their way with parents who don't want to be the bad guy.  Yes, they shouldn't give in but it's not always easy, and why should they have to fight against mega corps for the minds and health of their kids? 




 It's not. 




 It doesn't. There is no conspiracy involved. Are we really going to be outraged about every single public official that says something inappropriate in an entire nation?  You could do this with any country. 




  Satoshi is a male, Japanese name, whose meaning is variously given as "wise", "clear-thinking", "quick-witted" 




 Well, you see, complexity is subjective, that's the nature of emergence. What's complex for a child like you is often trivial or routine for a scientist like me. Reddit's userbase is quite diverse, although there seems to be evidence of an over-representation of individuals exhibiting childish behaviors.
Secondly, do you really think this situation has been has been oversimplified? It's through using "copypastas" and other hasty generalizations you try to cram each individual scenario with its particularities into a formulaic mold. I hypothesize you require this simplification because of the state of your mental faculties and reasoning skills.
And lastly, most of the time your simplifications do not aid in understanding new facets of the subject matter. Characterizations that might not be 100% accurate can act as useful models for understanding overarching facets of complex inter-dependent systems, but your "copypastas" do not facilitate in that endeavor.
If even one of these criticisms is valid, your point is moot as it depends unilaterally on all the three premises I've highlighted. The social commentary you wish "copypastas" to exhibit might seem sensible, maybe even profound to you, but they're just as bad, if not worse than the additions reactiongifs, pun chains or novelty accounts bring to the table. Please consider this seriously, and don't immediately fall back on your preconceived notions without reexamining their validity, at least in a cursory manner after I've presented you with this new evidence you really should take seriously. 




 Well, you see, complexity is subjective, that's the nature of emergence. What's complex for a child like you is often trivial or routine for a scientist like me. Reddit's userbase is quite diverse, although there seems to be evidence of an over-representation of individuals exhibiting childish behaviors.
Secondly, do you really think this situation has been has been oversimplified? It's through using "copypastas" and other hasty generalizations you try to cram each individual scenario with its particularities into a formulaic mold. I hypothesize you require this simplification because of the state of your mental faculties and reasoning skills.
And lastly, most of the time your simplifications do not aid in understanding new facets of the subject matter. Characterizations that might not be 100% accurate can act as useful models for understanding overarching facets of complex inter-dependent systems, but your "copypastas" do not facilitate in that endeavor.
If even one of these criticisms is valid, your point is moot as it depends unilaterally on all the three premises I've highlighted. The social commentary you wish "copypastas" to exhibit might seem sensible, maybe even profound to you, but they're just as bad, if not worse than the additions reactiongifs, pun chains or novelty accounts bring to the table. Please consider this seriously, and don't immediately fall back on your preconceived notions without reexamining their validity, at least in a cursory manner after I've presented you with this new evidence you really should take seriously. 




 Edit: Thanks for the gold! 




 Hell, I'm subscribed to /r/Bitcoin and I didn't know most of this stuff about mtgox. 




 crashed the train. 




 OK.. But why do they need to take an entire city just to protect a single port? 




 If you squint your eyes a little it makes it look like you are  translucent. Ghost! Ghoooost! 




 Yes, I think if the gov knows about ET life and is withholding such information, it's probably at a higher security level than the people being trained by NSA to do social engineering. 




 The UFO pictures are on pages 35-37 of [the document](https://firstlook.org/theintercept/document/2014/02/24/art-deception-training-new-generation-online-covert-operations/), right in between a Whole Foods sign and a slide maybe talking about advancing technology. We can only speculate about what the pictures were meant to illustrate. 




 Kucinich was good too, but unfortunately the media assassinated him. 




 The solution to all of this is to reorganize society from the ground up. Hyper-local, and online communities with their own internal organization, which can in turn organize into meta-communities like cells of a body.  Community gardens, new forms of communes that embrace the good side of technology.  Any way that we can help each other become self-sufficient.  The more we do this the less we will rely on the status-quo system.  We will cease paying taxes.  No one will elect to go to war.

This is the way out. 




 *I will not downvote or deride others for challenging my assertions or asking for additional evidence.  Instead I will see it as an opportunity to both educate, and reevaluate my own assumptions.  Ultimately, everyone will come away from the discussion more informed, and hopefully one step closer to Truth.*

*I will actively combat my own confirmation bias by deliberately seeking viewpoints different than my own.  I will critically evaluate all evidence presented, whether it confirms or challenges my current beliefs.  For I understand that there are no "sides".  Only what is true and what is untrue.*

*I will humble myself enough to admit when I am wrong.  There is no shame in changing my mind in light of new information.  My goal is not only to guide others towards realization, but also myself.*

*The process of investigating with dedication and integrity will serve to make all of us ever-more informed, ever-more discerning, and always moving towards the Truth.* 




 I hear ya!  I know that the last thing that someone who is having a hard time wants her hear is that it's their "fault" or anything like that.  I certainly don't want to imply that anyone deserves to be in pain and don't think problems just go away by snapping your fingers.  However, I do believe that changing your attitude towards believing in yourself and focusing on the positive aspects of your life is often prerequisite for fixing those problems.  You can be totally and completely right about how much crap has come your way, but if that's all you think and talk about, it really isn't going to get any better.  We've got to keep focused on that glimmer of hope, the 5% that is working, until it gets bigger and bigger.

It's interesting you mention science, because I feel like the completely materialistic (meaning concerning the material world) and "objective" world view we've adopted is actually an obstacle for many people to come out of the view that the world sucks.  Things are rarely so cut and dry as a laboratory and subjective experience is much more pertinent to our lives.  I know this is a whole philosophical can of worms.  Also, I disagree that worrying really ever serves a useful purpose.  We can certainly address things that come up without getting bogged down in worst-case scenarios.  Like John Lennon said "There are no problems, only solutions!"

You're totally right about that last point! The best thing you can do is to just be happy and help others be happy too! =)

EDIT: Oh, and for the record. I used to be extremely depressed for many years.  Nothing changed about my life except my philosophy and my attitude.  I'm speaking from my personal experience. 




 Also, that the pyramids were tombs. In fact, no mummies have ever been found inside a pyramid. 




 Seriously.  Just sell your game. Don't try to trick people into thinking it's "free" when it's not.  Consumers need to also learn that making games takes time and energy and the creators deserve to be compensated. 




 Here's the trouble with this question.  Most of the big lies are so ingrained in people's minds, in fact the way we think, that is nearly impossible to distinguish them as lies.

The one that comes to my mind is the idea that life sucks or is really hard.  I hear this all the time from people who feel like they've had it rough.  It's almost always a self-fulfilling prophesy.  Yes we have problems here on Earth, but the attitude with which we approach these problems makes all the difference.  Unlearn the lie that life is hard, and you'll find it's actually really easy and fun! 




 Zero-point energy or some other free energy production device. 









 Please provide evidence that BipolarBear0 did anything that resembles a "voter brigade", and isn't telling the truth when he says that he only posted the racists posts to this subreddit and watched them get upvoted.  OP mentions cross posting on IRC. Care to elaborate on that point and/or show some evidence? Thank you.

EDIT: After some more sleuthing I found [this]( http://i.imgur.com/9Iz12h2.png):
Originally posted [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1ywspe/new_snowden_doc_reveals_how_gchqnsa_use_the/cfqxja1) 




 That was my point. 




 According to the article they didn't even win the jackpot:
Mark Mattioli won $100,000 on 9/16/11.
Mark Mattioli won $50,000 on 12/20/13.

It's really not that ridiculous.  This piece of "evidence" however, is. 




 In other words, denotation and connotation?
EDIT: well if I'm wrong someone educate me for frog's sake! 




 your comme _ _ _otally d _ c _ m_ted th _ la _ t o_e 




 It's not just that he claims to not remember writing the article, he also won't answer the question of whether or not he still believes what he wrote. 




 Ok, we know it is happening. Let's talk about how we can fight back.  There is no possible way systematically defaming political dissidents threw libel, fraud, and "false flag" attacks can be legally justified.  Somehow this should end up in the Supreme Court.  Of course we shouldn't rely on that corrupt bunch to stop this, but a legal fight would certainly bring it to the public's attention.  Right now they are just doing this in the shadows.  We need to force them to defend what they are doing so it can be met with the scrutiny it deserves.

This is just one idea. Let's hear some strategies for subverting the subversion of free discourse on the internet! 




 With 12,808 upvotes, why are the views on this video so low? (426 as of the time of this posting).  I imagine some percentage of people go don't bother clicking through, but this is ridiculous. 




 Can confirm: Daiya is awesome.  I made the most delicious Mac and Cheese the other night with Daiya + Hemp Milk + Nutritional Yeast + Spices. 




 wut? 




 Global warming is happening.  It may be Reptilian terraforming of the Earth. 




 I just posted a link to [Netflix to pay Comcast for smoother online video]
(http://www.latimes.com/entertainment/envelope/cotown/la-fi-ct-netflix-comcast-20140224,0,1476262.story#ixzz2uDnilHN1)

We'll see what happens. 









 We do not know the gender of OP. 




 Ok, maybe that too. 




 Except that there are actually emotions which are expressed nearly universally across animal species.  For instance, animals (including humans) will tighten the muscles around their eyes to express anger.  [Charles Darwin wrote about the subject.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Expression_of_the_Emotions_in_Man_and_Animals)  My point is that we often wrongly conclude that humans are the only animals that can feel or think and this is why we are surprised when we see animals looking "human". 




 Yeah, if he were trying to learn to stutter, that's what he would need. 




 I think what you call "humanlike" is actually being a sentient being. Welcome to the Animal Kingdom! 




 now why wouldn't a sentient being look sentient? 




 I'll just put this right here: https://projectmeshnet.org/ 




 Grow your own. DIY. 




 It's sad to watch people use the struggles of others as an excuse for their own apathy. 




 I think she did just  fine.  Keep in mind she's not only giving a speech in front of the whole school but she is saying things that are very contentious and will likely earn her the scorn of the "authorities".  It's very brave. 




 Well let's see, I'll play the skeptic here:
The voters appoint them on election day. 




 What rules specifically are your objecting to? 




 I agree with your sentiment, but can you flush out your claim that the rulers are "Self-appointed". 




 That's not true according to Wikipedia and other sources I've seen.
Obama: 65,915,796 vs Romney: 60,933,500. 
I know that's not your point though. 




 Reddit. 














 Bingo. 




 It's nearly impossible to not get enough protein by eating a variety of foods.  Most Americans get too much protein. 




 Seriously, I bet almost all mammals do this.  The list is so short because we misinterpret their behavior. 




 I don't think children should be forced to eat meat if they don't want it.  Also you said "other proteins", fruits, vegetables, and grains all have protein..
EDIT: changed "pasta" to PROTEIN. still waking up here :-P 




 This should be higher up. 




 You are absolutely right.  It's more important to care about SOMETHING and actually do something about it then about what you care about specifically. 




 He obviously didn't mean literally destroying the planet. 




 By this logic we should outlaw public drinking fountains, phones, and benches. 




 I'm guessing because it works by selecting links rather than typing in text.  It's more like a "Choose Your Own Adventure" book than traditional IF. 




 From comments on the article:

There are 75 community gardens on about 23 acres of land scattered throughout the city of Seattle, serving roughly 4500 gardeners. These plots, called p-patches, are open to the public and neither fenced nor guarded. Homeless people often camp next to our patch, and they've never taken anything from the garden to my knowledge (though it's so abundant that a bit of pilferage would be hard to detect). In general, theft from Seattle gardens is very rare, so I would expect the same to be true of the Beacon Food Forest. I'm sure the city will post signs clearly stating that taking more than a single family can consume or selling produce is forbidden. You'd be very surprised how law-abiding people are here. 




 Can someone walk me through this little drama from the beginning? 




 I'm really so very grateful that someone found my post amusing and/or useful.  Sometimes life can be a scary thing and to know that one little action can brighten the world is very heartwarming.  You have really inspired me upvoter!  I promise to continue to share my wit and insight with the world for the betterment of all humankind!  This is my creed!  I humbly accept this task that has been bestowed upon me.  I will not cower and I will not retreat.  It is a bright new day on the internet!

Thank you all!! 




 I actually had this experience while on Ayahuasca.  It was very scary indeed and I was thinking "what a dumb way to die! forgetting how to inhale."  Of course I started breathing again.  The shaman also assured me that my body would not do that to me and I would inevitably find my breath again.  I guess the best thing to do is to remember this, you will start breathing again. Remain calm.  This is part of the wisdom of the experience. 




 Yes, but it must be from another man. 




 So now that the US gov has confiscated this we are all getting free health care for 12 years right? 




 What is reddit's obsession with abusive girlfriends? 




 I'm looking into making my first IF and I'm deciding which engine would be best to use.  Adrift? Inform? Something else?  Anyone have experience with more than one and can tell how they compare?  Is one more geared towards programmers than another? Etc. 




 Why the hostility at someone calling attention to wealth disparity? 




 Just because there are two possible outcomes to something doesn't mean they are equally likely.  Your chance of picking the right door out of a thousand is .1%  The chance of it being the wrong door is the inverse of that (100 - .1)%.

Here's another way to put it: Today you can either die or not die.  Is the chance that you will die today 50/50?  Is the chance that will die on  any day that is not today 50/50? 




 I'm buying CandySwipe just to support this guy. 




 [i made this](http://imgur.com/xrJbUHt) 




 Things can always be worse, yes.  They can also always be better. 




 I stand corrected.  Still chalk full of things I'd rather avoid though. 




 oldie but goodie 




 Well, you "know" that won't happen, so it probably won't. =) 




 The zookeepers comments reek of eugenics.  The whole idea that there are "better" genes is truly disturbing. 




 I'm seriously sick of hearing this "he would have been eaten in the wild" argument.  1) You do not know that. 2) At least his destiny would be in his own hands. It's better to guarantee his death then to give him a chance at life? Whaa? 




 Maybe they're vegan but they're still frackin nasty trans-fat laden crack.  There are really good knock off brands though that don't use partially-hydrogenated oils. 
























 How 'bout a spoiler tag there buddy? 




 It could be anything! Even a boat! 




 That's mildly interesting. 




 Trayvon R. R. Zimmerman? 




 Conspiracy Theory: a belief that some covert but influential organization is responsible for a circumstance or event.

There is absolutely no reason why conspiracy theories cannot be studied using the scientific method. 




 I have this shit.  I grew up in NJ. 




 No they don't. The address her as "Khaleesi" when they are talking to her directly, as you would  "Queen". 




 Would this be a legal play if he were QB? 




 [Khaleesi](http://awoiaf.westeros.org/index.php/Khaleesi) is a title for the female leader of a Khalasar (the wife of the Khal).  Like "Queen". So characters, particularly the Dothraki, address her as such.  But as has been said before, you wouldn't use her title without an article (a, the) to refer to such a person in the third person (i.e. "Queen looks very lovely in her elegant gown"). 




 i have no idea why you're being downdawkinsed. cooome ooon reddit.
EDIT: this. 




 Since he is bastard born, he wouldn't be a true Lannister either.  He'd probably be a "Tommen Hill" since his parents are from the Westerlands. 




 Awesome!  Please look into permaculture practices as well! 









 Here is a great article that goes in depth about how the word "organic" is being systematically rendered meaningless for the sake or protecting corporations:

[USDA Takes Over Organic](http://healthimpactnews.com/2014/usda-takes-over-organic-program-eroding-organic-standards-to-benefit-big-food/) 




 I found an [update](http://www.koat.com/news/omarees-stepfather-charged-in-childs-death/25743702) on the story.

Both his mother and step-father were charged.  One of the cops who responded to the 911 call was fired and another was suspended for 56 hours. 




 First GMO labeling and now this?!  Could it be that Vermont's government isn't completely corrupt? Should I start packing my bags for Vermont? 




 How bout that Queen of Thorns? *swoon* 




 In the call, the man mentions the kid's little brother.  Please tell me that child is now out of reach of these sick sick people! 




 Literally. 




 Upsagans for you, good sir! 




 So brave. 




 Your post is so arrogant and assumptive it's not really even worth replying to, but here goes.

But the GMO labeling initiative is not in any way meant to inform or educate consumers. It's meant to mislead and scaremonger.

This is not a fact, it's an assumption.  The people who rally and petition to get GMO labeling laws on the ballots care very much about consumer knowledge.  Calling GMOs "GMOs" is not in any way misleading.  If the industry is proud of their product why are they afraid to let people know what it is?  You would think they would wear the label with pride.

Mandatory labeling doesn't necessarily imply a "huge health risk".  It implies that people should be free to make their own decisions for a variety of different reasons.  It has nothing to do with how safe the industry-funded studies say it is.  As I said before, there are a variety of reasons someone might want to avoid GMOs.  We don't need to go point by point on those reasons.  It's about having the knowledge necessary to make personal decisions about what to put in ones own body AND what industry practices we want to encourage with our dollars.  **Saying that people shouldn't have the right to know what they are eating because they don't know what's good for themselves is EXTREMELY arrogant.**

Then you quoted some arguments for labeling in the bill, but offered no refutation of those points, just said it was "propaganda".  Ok, well that's like your opinion, man.

How is slapping a sticker on something that says "GMO" going to solve the problem of GMO ignorance?

Well, for one it's going to let people know that they are and have been eating GMO foods for years.  Make of that what you will.  Most people don't even know what GMOs are.  When they see it labeled they are going to go home and look it up, and then it will be up to them to decide if it's something they want to buy or not.  If you are a proponent of GMOs, the best thing you can do is to make your case for them honestly and out in the open.  Not just hope that people never realize what they are eating.

You obviously didn't read the article I linked to, so whatever.

Now, looking through your post history reveals that your entire account is devoted to pro GMO posting. 2,831 comments and every single one about GMOs.  Now tell us something honestly.  Are you paid to do this? 




 Do you know if VT's law will count as a state towards enacting CT's law? 




 The potential problem with labeling GMOs is that the vast majority of consumers are not educated on them.

You are contradicting yourself with this statement.  You are saying that because most people don't know about GMOs, we shouldn't notify people about GMOs.  Don't you think that if people realized that nearly everything they buy in the store contains GMOs they will be more likely to educate themselves about them?  How is not labeling going to solve the problem of GMO ignorance? It's not.

Moreover, health concerns aren't the only reason people are concerned about GMOs. What about the fact that [pesticide use is increasing due to GMOs](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/10/02/us-usa-study-pesticides-idUSBRE89100X20121002)?  What about the concerns that GMOs further encourage monoculture farming, something which many believe we need to move away from for the sake of the environment?

Those with concerns about GMOs and their impact on our planet might be more educated than you think. 




 Ser pounce loves the bitches 




 Score! 




 That is until they pass the books.  Then I imagine we will have two parallel universes that only converge on the major plot points laid out by Martin. 




 All of the kids in the books were aged by about 3 years in the show. 




 But what's strange is that that submission actually has the same URL as mine, and search still didn't find it. 




 I searched for the link. I thought that would find it.  Anyway, I'm getting karma, so who cares. EDIT: joke people, joke. 









 10 0100 0011 1110 




 "But where do these systems of obedience come from? Why do we recognize power instead of individual autonomy? These questions are fascinating to me. It's all this strange illusion, isn't it?"

Spot on. 




 This whole thread is a racist joke. 




 Plus, it was hawt. 




 Look again. There is water in the cup. 




 True.  But NotSoSlenderMan gets the joke.  It clicks in his brain, but he doesn't laugh.  Humor is a funny thing. 




 Just spent a few minutes searching for a video of Mitch telling jokes to Tupac, thinking it must have been some defining moment in his career.. then I got it. 




 Understanding why something is funny has little to do with finding it funny.  You should have said "I guess I don't find it funny." 




 And even before him.. [the man who revealed the existence of the NSA](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perry_Fellwock) 




 Before him was [William Binny](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Binney_(U.S._intelligence_official\)).

edit: hard link to format! 




 http://lmgtfy.com/?q=jidf l=1

I don't understand what you are implying. 




 You do realize that the "JIDF" picked that name for themselves, right?  It's a perfect example of what I was talking about above.  Zionists trying to speak on behalf of all Jews to legitimize their cause. 




 This is just sick! 




 SKANK SKANK SKANK SKANK SKANK SKANK SKANK!!!! 




 Guess what. There are some racist people on /r/conspiracy[1] , just as there are some racist people in every subreddit, and probably every subculture in the world. I call them out when I see them. Not everyone, or even most people, on there are racist. You can cherry pick examples of ugliness from any subreddit. What is the point of doing this? Seriously? 




 Dude said..
we want to be there to ensure that [wikipedia articles] are balanced and Zionist in nature.


Does he see the irony in that statement? 




 Ever hear of the [Streisand effect](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Streisand_effect)?
EDIT: This was supposed to be in reply to salvia_d above. 




 /r/conspiracy is really struggling to walk this fine line.  The problem arises from Zionism being so conflated with Judaism, by Zionist themselves, as well as its critics.  We all know that criticism of Israel doesn't equate to "antisemitism" (anti-Judaism).  It becomes confusing because of the Zionist's insistence that it does, which is really presumptuous on their part because there are MANY jews who either actively oppose Zionism, or just don't care that much one way or the other.  Further, many people do in fact use the "anti-Zionism does not equal antisemitism" defense to say things which actually ARE anti-jewish.  I see it on this subreddit all the time and it becomes really exhausting to call it out all the time (while usually being downvoted for doing so). 




 Because there were no wars before Israel?  I'm sorry, I'm the first to criticize the Israeli government for its policies of discrimination, aggression, etc. but this sort of hyperbole is really not helping. 




 I'll just say that in chess, if you resign your chance of winning becomes 0%.  Also the unpredictability of the future is our friend. 




 I don't buy any of this crap. 














 You correctly identified the challenges, but why ever start with the premise that a problem "won't be solved"? These certainly are big challenges and it does look like the cards are stacked against us, but we can and WILL overcome. I will never believe that humanity is doomed to slavery.  We just need to start thinking outside the box and taking bold action.

Companies are legally responsible for maximizing profit to shareholders, not sharing the profits with workers or hiring more workers

This is true of corporations, and this is why we should avoid working for corporations.  Join or start a workers coop!  I've seen some very successful ones, for instance, look at the rise of credit unions as an alternative to commercial banks.  What's to stop worker's collectives from advancing in every single industry if we have the will to do it?

Globalization has merely made all human labor cheaper as jobs now compete with slave labor (it's unbelievable wrong that slavery still exists in the year 2014... yet slaves make our clothes, our ipads, etc.)

So stop buying crap.  Commit to buying/trading/gifting locally with people you know.  You'll end up with really unique stuff that you treasure and that you know that no one suffered to make.

Technology continues to reduce the need of human labor

This is actually a really good thing!  It's only under our current system that technology (which is really just efficiency) becomes a hardship for people.  Doing things with less effort is a good thing.  I can image a world where machine produce our food and other goods in sustainable ways and leaves humans to innovate and relax.  Learn DIY technology and you'll be taking the power back.

The rise of the sociopath... the system of profits over social good/contribution rules the day now.

It starts with you.  Change your own life and you begin transforming society.  Transform society and you begin to change people's psychology.

Debt ... finally the big one. When you spend more than you have for a long time, you eventually destroy growth. A person would have declared bankruptcy and started fresh, but a gov with $17T of debt can't declare bankruptcy. With no room for more debt (beyond the rate at which it will rise already) there's basically no money to drive any kind of growth initiatives or more importantly create confidence that things are going to be 'ok' for the next 30 years (which spurs investment).

When people rely less on the pervasive system to meet their everyday needs, money will slowly lose its importance.  This may take a really long time or it may happen very quickly.  In the meantime a political movement to alleviate people from debt would be a big help.

**TL;DR: There is hope.  Think creatively!** 




 Yes it is. 




 Dude... don't tell me how "Jews" operate.  Say all you want about Zionists, people with a political agenda, but when you go throwing the word "Jew" around you come off sounding like a bigoted prick.  Not all jews are Zionists and many are adamantly anti-Zionist.  If you read the article posted you would understand that. 




 Shrooms are still legal in Holland? I thought they were banned after a drunk/tripping French girl threw herself off a bridge in '07. 




 This news of Israel dropping fluoride is undoubtedly a good thing.  Most of the Israeli population is manipulated by their government just like any other nation.  An awakening of Israeli consciousness will help them to understand and challenge the atrocities going on in their name.  I don't think removing fluoride means they are gearing up for more war.  The Israeli government has no problem starting wars as is. 




 I thought this was [relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ythrdCsOFJU) 




 If fluoride makes people docile and apathetic, and removing it makes them aggressive, why is the most aggressive country in the world, the USA, fluoridated? 




 Americans won't get off their asses to protest being spied on in every conceivable way, but they will to defend their right to stream movies?  Well, maybe. 




 Instructions unclear: penis stuck in Le Nice MayMay Man 




 Instructions unclear: mind stuck on this silly meme 




 Fair enough.  See my reply to /u/NegativeGhostwriter below.  Thanks for replying with actual evidence instead of just ignoring/downvoting me.  I would really like to continue to investigate things with a skeptic such as yourself, and perhaps we can take a look at some other claims.  In the future I'll do my own debunking before submitting bodies of evidence to others (especially skeptics).

Everybody has confirmation bias.  The only way to approach truth is through a constant challenging of beliefs by others who with different world views.  I think a subreddit devoted to theorists and skeptics doing just this in a friendly matter would be awesome.  I (and many other people who challenge widely-accepted assumptions) really am committed to finding the truth, wherever that may lead.  Let's work together on that. 




 When I first posted my link I was downvoted immediately without anyone posting any sort of rebuttal.  That's why I wrote my edit.  I'm happy /u/Tony_AbbottPBUH actually replied with some real information and I spend a lot of time looking through the NIST documents.  He seems to be right that some of the information in the link I posted seems to have no valid source.  I am perfectly capable of seeing this and admitting when I am wrong.  I am not an expert on everything 9/11, and in fact, I haven't been 100% convinced with any version of the events.  I am committed to truth and I challenge myself and others.  Do not make assumptions about me (or anyone) please. 




 Uptoked. 









 Discredited by whom?  Why don't you try addressing the content of the article instead of using ad hominems? 




 [Here is a link to the Snowden interview](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIhS9aB-qgU). I'm watching it now before I form an opinion. 




 [Debunking the debunking](http://www.ae911truth.org/en/news-section/41-articles/676-debunking-popular-mechanics.html)

EDIT: It's actually kind of sad how you guys are more interested in jerking each other off while confirming your own preconceived notions than having anything close to resembling an actual discussion, debate, or exchange of information and ideas. 




 I just made an account to say this, and I'm hijacking the top comment to say this, and I'm probably going to be downvoted for this but...

Upvote me. 




 Can't we just have something genuinely uplifting around here for a change? 




 He's also started extending the range of the light spectrum that he can hear.  He can now perceive UV and IR light.  Pretty darn cool (and useful?). 




 He talks about it in the video linked to in the article.  I was really hoping you'd be able to train yourself to have that sense even after you remove the sensor. 




 You're saying that one can't criticize or advocate independence from corporations if they've ever once used a service or purchased a product from one?  That's pretty a pretty absurd sentiment.  Following that logic it would be "hypocritical" to petition for any sort of governmental change if you've ever walked down a road paved by tax money. 




 So? 




 Take your life into your own hands.  Yes, the system is completely corrupt. You can not rely on your politicians, your "leaders", your government, or your corporations.  You can only rely on yourself and your community.  (Choose your community wisely.)

The way to freedom is through self-sufficiency.  Learn to grow your own food.  If you can produce your own power, even better.  Find the right people to band together with and build a life that depends less and less on the existing power structure.

When people do this in mass, and the state is fading to irrelevancy, it will have one last death throe where it tries with all it's might to cling to power.  But once the illusion of power is broken, there will really be nothing for them to do but die.  Then we will be free.  It all starts with taking matters into our own hands.  It starts with you! 









 Sometimes they are brown. 




 Quick point: not all apples are red. 




 You said it yourself. They don't share information.  Next question: what is the FBI looking for? 




 I'm trying to find the source for the super high resolution capabilities of spy satellites.  That they exist at all is [very well documented](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reconnaissance_satellite) and is [confirmed by former DIA-aget Russel Tice](https://www.boilingfrogspost.com/2013/06/19/podcast-show-112-nsa-whistleblower-goes-on-record-reveals-new-information-names-culprits/).  Now think about how clearly you can make out a car in Google Earth, and this is just what is publicly available.  They've spent billions of dollars on this technology.  I'll keep looking for a source for the candy bar wrapper claim. 




 There are [17 different spy agencies in the Unites States](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Intelligence_Community)!  If they were all sharing data there would be absolutely no need to do a low level flyover like this.  At least one agency has satellites capable of reading the label off of a candy bar from space. 




 What I don't understand is, why do they have to do this when they have the capability to monitor us from space with spy satellites?  According to Russel Tice, a whistle blower, former DIA analyst, and satellite systems specialist they have the capability to read the label off a candy bar on the ground from space.  The only explanation I can think of is that the FBI doesn't have this capability itself.  In fact, we have 17 different "intelligence" agencies in the United States and there  must be a lot of redundancy. 




 It's even tougher than just fighting special interests groups.  Take a look at [this graph](http://occupy-monsanto.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/individual_monsanto_federal_position-large.jpg) showing the overlap of Monsanto employees and government officials.  The government literally IS the special interest group! 




 Very interesting part is at the end of the article:

Nassim Taleb, professor of risk engineering at New York University and author of best-sellers 'The Black Swan' and 'Fooled by Randomness,' recently said that GMOs have a very real ability to cause "an irreversible termination of life at some scale, which could be the planet." Talebs thesis basically stems from the fact that GMOs come from laboratory alterations rather than natural processes, and that humans cannot understand that with each modified seed, the potential for total ecocide increases.

"There is no comparison between the [bottom-up] tinkering of selective breeding and the top-down engineering of taking a gene from an organism and putting it into another, Taleb and colleagues say in a draft of their research.

"The planet took about close to zero risks of ecocide in trillions of variations over 3 billion years, otherwise we would not have been here." 









 Source for this quote please. 




 Oh.  Who thinks that? 




 Just because you're trying to separate truth from lies about a disagreeable topic doesn't mean you are a "fan" of that topic.  For instance, I don't like soft drinks, but if someone said that Coca Cola contains donkey piss, I would call them out on that.  I'm not defending coke, but defending truth.  There are plenty of valid reasons to criticize the soft drink industry without inventing any.  Please try to move beyond black and white thinking and you'll be helping our cause. 




 I know that.. but why would he say "Obama will be watching us", other than it being an ironic thing to say? 




 http://www.worthytoshare.net/six-important-facts-youre-told-lost-malaysia-airlines-flight-370 




 You did fine. I should have replied to OP and not you. 




 I think this is more of a symptom of a world in crisis than the cause. 




 We NEED primary sources. 




 Wouldn't it suck if your last name was Rothschild and you had nothing to do with any of this? 




 Don't get it. 




 Please watch [This interview with Russel Tice](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUkj3cUwVC4) for some insight on   this.  Here is [another interview with him] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6m1XbWOfVk). 




 Is another old, white politician really the solution? 
























 [S04](/s There's a spoiler in your title.) 




 My laptop has a keypad... so I'm out. 




 Leaving Saturday now, not Friday.  Also taking a nice rental car with AC and Stereo.  Can pick up in the Valley or LA midcity and drop off at BART station in Oakland or take you all the way up to Redway.  We listen to good tunes. Throw in for gas. 




 i'm LA leaving tomorrow and can get you as far as Redway, CA. 




 Why can't you just display the approximate percentage of upvotes on comments like you are doing for links? 




 What makes you say that? 




 I played 5 minutes and I'm really impressed!  I don't have a controller but I think this would work really really well as a two player coop game using the keyboard.  Gonna play through with my gf! 




 OK... it's downloading! 




 Does it work with the Rift? 




 I find this guy more annoying than people giving elaborate demonstrations on how to do trivial things.  If you don't like "lifehack" videos, don't watch them.  And the thing about eating an entire apple is legit and not "dangerous" like this asshat is saying. 




 Nitpicky, but, fair enough. 




 They're an interpretation.  Obviously it is my own personal interpretation and there is no way I can say for sure these ideas had anything to do with the artist's psyche, but still that doesn't make it "bullshit".  There is a collective unconscious and ideas do manifest themselves in poetic ways. 




 *Reposting this comment because it belongs here*

Some ~~psychoanalysis~~ *psychological interpretations* of these dreams:

Little man mowing your facial hair symbolizes man's struggle to tame nature. Just as we trim back the wilderness, the modern man must also strive to tame his own inner beast through the rituals of grooming.


Child's head literally inside the man. The inner child longs to break through and say hello.


Tiny little people escape with your heart. In a world were everything is up for grabs, and we fear the loss of economic stability, our greatest fear is to lose our heart, our humanity.


The invisible bicycle fulfills the wish for mobility and stealth.


Changing the batteries on your hands is a psychological indication that we are moving towards the singularity. Technology is becoming more and more an extension of one's own self. We are witnessing the blurring of the lines of the body and machine.


The camera head man takes photos through a human head. When we constantly see the world from behind a camera lens, it becomes difficult to distinguish which is the tool and which is the operator.
The changing of a head like a light bulb is a similar theme to above.


Bathing in a hot cup of coffee like a nice refreshing swim to wake you up in the morning. We soak and bask in the buzzing of the caffeine-ridden brain, a modern comfort and way of life.


Lugging around your own giant head perfectly exemplifies the conundrum of our left-brain dominated society. We fear we exist too much in the head, and it weighs down our heart. 




 It's a sad state of affairs when we don't allow ourselves to even dream. 




 Some psychoanalysis of these dreams:

Little man mowing your facial hair symbolizes man's struggle to tame nature.  Just as we trim back the wilderness, the modern man must also strive to tame his own inner beast through the rituals of grooming.

Child's head literally inside the man.  The inner child longs to break through and say hello.

Tiny little people escape with your heart.  In a world were everything is up for grabs, and we fear the loss of economic stability, our greatest fear is to lose our heart, our humanity.

The invisible bicycle fulfills the wish for mobility and stealth.

Changing the batteries on your hands is a psychological indication that we are moving towards the singularity.  Technology is becoming more and more an extension of one's own self.   We are witnessing the blurring of the lines of the body and machine.

The camera head man takes photos through a human head.  When we constantly see the world from behind a camera lens, it becomes difficult to distinguish which is the tool and which is the operator.

The changing of a head like a light bulb is a similar theme to above.

Bathing in a hot cup of coffee like a nice refreshing swim to wake you up in the morning.  We soak and bask in the buzzing of the caffeine-ridden brain, a modern comfort and way of life.

Lugging around your own giant head perfectly exemplifies the conundrum of our left-brain dominated society.  We fear we exist too much in the head, and it weighs down our heart. 




 Well.. when I think back about all the time I've spend watching this series, my fondest memories are from the very beginning.  The first episode filled me with awe and wonder at the huge magical world engrossing me. The scope and scale of it were staggering.  Every character was immediately intriguing. I had a friend (a book reader) who would stop every few minutes and explain in a little more detail what was going on.  I was so curious and had so many questions!  I still remember my heart pounding when I saw Bran fall.

I've introduced so many people to this show and I always love rewatching the first few eps. 




 So you weren't already sitting down to watch the episode when they started? 









 Safe limits huh? Tell that to my dental fluorosis. 




 what's interesting about it? 




 OMG, at least credit [the artist](http://therealmcgee.tumblr.com/)! 




 I hope they use it next season when talking about Tywin's death. 




 I hope there is a Tysha reveal in the books.  Maybe Martin will even do it just to spite D D for changing things! 




 How about a third chance?! This book sounds perfect for me! 




 Hello!  I'm looking for some help troubleshooting starting my engine.  First of all, I can rule out the battery, the glow plugs, and the starter.  All are new and just replaced.  I also just attempted to replace the fuel filter because I had a suspicion that the fuel is not flowing properly.  When I got to the step about bleeding air from the fuel by opening the air valve and cranking the engine, nothing came out of the hose.  Any help would be appreciated.  I can take pics and report back as needed. Thanks! 




 Yeah, I've already read the wikipedia article, thanks.  The blog has a link to a ["document"](http://www.jfklancer.com/CIA.html) hosted on a site called jfklancer.com. It's titled "CIA Document 1035-960 Concerning Criticism of the Warren Report".  When you google that all you find are more blog posts, but nothing that indicates that this is an official document. 




 What?  You're the one who made the claim, I'm asking for a source. 




 I've heard this before, and it makes sense, but I can't find a source to back this up. Can you help? 




 (I upvoted you for the reasons you stated above.) 




 Where is the announcement thread? 




 Or Margery pops up and says "Oh look the pie!" 




 Considering that scene is not in the books, it kept me on the edge of my seat as well!
(It's not a spoiler to say something that's NOT in the books right?) 




 No one expec.... ah nevermind. 









 Good question.  Beric was sent out by Ned, but the Brotherhood Without Banners swear allegiance to no king. 




 Yeah, what's happening to Theon after book two is only implied, but not seen in ASOS.  So when they showed all that stuff in Season 3/4 about what was happening to him I was pretty shocked, having only read up to AFFC at the time.  I don't think the "Reek"/Theon thing is mentioned in the books until ADWD. 




 Theon, for one. 




 I don't want 13 episodes and here's why:
They are already plowing through the books (with book 5 plotlines of Daenerys and Theon).  More episodes means more time for them to fill and more invented stuff.  Generally the plotlines that HBO writes are really weak compared to what is in the books.  So more episodes would probably mean more of that stuff.  I don't think they will start including more characters from the books because they are concerned that the show is already too complicated for most people to keep track. 




 ug 




 Show producers should spend more time reading our subreddit to find all their inconsistencies! 




 There already is a thread for show vs. book discussion.  Also the mods posted something recently about how book readers should react to guesses that are correct.  Basically, just ignore them. 




  #samforking 




 I'm not being a D is and this is not just a semantical argument.  If one is interested in driving a "zero emission" vehicle it's probably because they care about their carbon footprint and they have real concerns about their environmental impact.  How the electricity is actually generated is of paramount importance.  The point in the production and distribution of the energy where the fossil fuels are burned (where the emissions happen) is actually the irrelevant thing. 




 This is good, but this article refers to these vehicles as "zero emissions" which is a bit misleading.  Just because there's no tail pipe doesn't mean that nothing is being burned in the process of powering your vehicle.  Considering that [66.5%](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:U.S._2013_Electricity_Generation_By_Type_crop.png) of energy in the US comes from burning fossil fuels, that is what will be powering your car.  Unless of course you're plugged into a solar array, then you're truly driving zero emissions. 




 It is known. 




 Jon's brother, ammarite? 




 That's not really what plot armor is.  Especially not having huge amounts of "power".  Certainly didn't save Robert or Joffery.

I think it's more related to having your character have some kind of story arc that needs completion. 




 According to the wiki:
HBO announced Fortune as playing "Night's Watch Officer", but according to the actor and other sources this is the same role as Bowen Marsh in the books.

In the fourth season Fortune took over the role of Othell Yarwyck, which had been played by Dennis McKeever in the previous seasons. The reason for this sudden change has not yet been explained; or if the characters themselves have been merged. 




 plot twist: cloned GRRM grows up to be Christian Conservative who advocates burning fantasy novels due to pagan nature. 




 A Lannister always pays his debts... bitch!

Winter is coming... bitch!

The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword... yeah bitch!

I'm the mother of dragon!  Bitch.

A girl gives a man his own name? Bitch.

Your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth; bitch.

Make the bad man fly.. BITCH.

Chaos isn't a pit. Chaos is a ladder. (bitch.) 




 Oberyn probably wouldn't be Tyrion's champion if he were fighting Jamie.  He wanted the Mountain dead, not Jamie. 









 OK.. I'm actually only halfway through ADWD so I probably haven't got to that part quite yet. 




 Maisie Williams is actually 17 and only a few months younger than Sophie Turner (Sansa), so she's not quite a little girl. 




 I was slightly confused by Ramsay's treatment of the Iron Islander.  What I inferred from the books is that they were actually fed and given safety.  Did the show deviate from the books by killing them all? 




 Not necessarily true.  At this rate the show is set to pass the books in terms of story.  I know GRRM layed out very broad strokes of what is supposed to happen, but they are not waiting for him.  We are going to have two parallel universes that may only converge at the ending. 




 Great interview, thanks! 




 Came here for LITERALLY THIS! 




 wut the even fuck? 




 Well... to be far, he said he wears green to match his eyes, because green goes very well with blue!  Renly has quite the sense of color. 




 I know this might sound strange, that the solution to your problem might be another drug, but have you ever tried Ayahuasca?  I've heard of people spontaneously quiting cigs and other drugs after just using it once in a ceremonial setting.

Besides that, the most important thing is that you want to change.  At the end of the day, you have control over your own body and that is a very good thing.  Keep a journal of your progress and be proud of yourself when you manage to control yourself! You will get through this, because it's what you want and what you know you need. 









 Short answer: no.
Waste of time. 




 Ha 




 It would be a lot easier to just pour the contents of one can into the other. 




 I just watched it last night! i get the reference! i get the reference! 




 I really doubt they will start doing flashbacks now.  They can just mention the prophecy in dialogue. 




 Yes, you're right. It's all about having fun.  Still, I want to get better. 




 Yeah of course, reddit. Downvote this. Can't have people you know, thinking critically about what they are eating, challenging the status quo and all that. *yawn* 




 [Highly relevant](http://www.theverge.com/2014/4/28/5661920/living-with-lag-oculus-rift-experiment-video) 




 I feel like it's training me to move quickly and impulsively instead of thinking deeply about a position. 




 My correspondence play rating: ~1800

My long play rating: ~1500

My blitz rating: ~1200

My bullet rating: ~950


I know speed chess is ruining my game, but I'm addicted to the rush! 









 What a stupid system that depends upon people breaking the law to enforce the law. 




 [This illustration](http://awoiaf.westeros.org/index.php/Salladhor_Saan) in the wiki shows him as black, but I just searched the books and I don't think his skin color is ever mentioned. 




 Ah, yes, this definitely did not happen in the books, which is why I couldn't remember it. 




 What do you mean like Salladhor?

Wasn't he black in the books as well? 




 Why is Melisandre on there? When did she even meet her? 




 This one really was much better. The etching really helps bring out it's wolfiness. 




 Who's going to feed Robin his milkies now? He's a growing boy! 




 I can't get the brace to fit no matter what I do.  It seems like it's a few milimeters too long. Maybe the new alt is slightly different?  I'm thinking about taking off a little bit with a rotary tool.  What do you think? 




 Well. I've tried and tried and I cannot get the brace to go in.  If I put the front side in first, the back side doesn't fit, and vice versa.  I'm about to grind of a few milimeters from the end with a rotary tool.  Just want to make sure I'm not doing something stupid. 




 There's no audio system but this is an RV.  There are lights and things attached to the battery but I want to eventually move those to a second internal battery to be charged by solar panels. 




 Thanks. Do I have to attach the brace to the alt before I bolt it in or can I put the bolt through and then screw the brace on to the back of the Alt? 




 Ok, I had to cut off the connector on my old alt because it was melted into it and solder on a new one.  I have 3 issues left to finish this up!

1. I managed to get my shiny new alternator in, except for this piece (the 3rd image down).  It goes underneath the alt with the long bolt going through it and screws on to the back, I guess to give it more support.  This is probably a dumb question, but how important is this?  It was really hard to get it to go on properly.

2.  I think the belt is a little too loose because that gear below it does not spin when the belt is moving.  It seems almost impossible to get the belt tighter by swiveling the alternator.  Tips?

3. I also replaced the battery and when I went to connect it again there is this 3rd wire (that I'm holding in the picture).  I know this was connected to the negative terminal but I'm really not sure how.  Can I put it in with the other stranded wires? Oh yes, and it starts up fine without it connected, but I'm sure it should be.

OK, thanks for helping everyone.  Really looking forward to having this finished successfully. 









 When you want it NOW. 




 Kind of ruined it for me.  I found it much funnier when it was a couple of racist slurs interspersed with a bunch of random silly words. 




 I got the alt off and I'm working on those connections now.  [Picture](http://imgur.com/Lf1YPGm)  Which direction do I need to pull that plastic tab to remove it?  Towards the wires or up? 




 Ok. I was able to get all the bolts and belt off.  All that's left is to remove these electrical connectors.  This is the part I really don't want to screw up.  [Check out this pic](http://imgur.com/Lf1YPGm).
As you can see there are two connectors. Which direction do I need to pull the one with the plastic tab? Thanks for your help! 




 OK I put the info above.
I so wish I had a manual to follow.. 




 [Follow up post here.](http://www.reddit.com/r/MechanicAdvice/comments/25hxr8/need_help_removing_an_alternator_see_comments_for/) 




 OK.. So, in a previous post you guys helped me get the shroud off to get to the alternator. Awesome.

Now I'm struggling to get the alternator itself out.  I know I need to take that belt off, and I know I need to remove at least one electrical connector.  I completely removed the bolt that seemed like it would allow it to swivel, but it still won't budge.  The second bolt I can see is actually blocked by the belt itself.

Should I just try to stretch the belt enough to get a wrench to that second bolt?  Will it then swivel so I can loosen and remove the belt?

How about the electrical connector?  I'm not sure how to remove it and I don't want to damage it.

Thanks everyone!

EDIT: This is a 1984 DIESEL Chevy G30 









 Thanks. I was able to get the shroud off! Woohoo. Now I can actually see the alternator.  Now I'm having trouble removing THAT of course.  I'll make another post...

FYI, I didn't have to remove anything, I just pushed the house hard enough that it got out of the way. 




 I need to remove the fan shroud to replace the alternator which has gone bad.  I unscrewed all the bolts from the fan shroud but I still can't get it out because of that thing in the way.  Any tips would be appreciated. Thanks! 









 [Send her this link](http://www.longwood.edu/CLEANVA/ciglitterarticle.htm)

Cigarette butts are the most common form of plastic litter on the beaches of the U.S. and world-wide. Toxic chemicals can leach out of the cigarette filters.


Cigarette filters may look like cotton, but are made of cellulose acetate, a plastic that is slow to degrade in the environment. Cigarette filters are specifically designed to accumulate particulate smoke components including toxic chemicals. 




 How long would it take Stannis to sail from Dragonstone to Bravos?  This is a deviation from the books and I'm wondering how it fits into the chronology. 




 Well.  I'll just see myself out.. 
























 I don't condone racism from from anyone.  Are the people posted about here racist? Yes.  Is that wrong? Yes. Does that cancel out other people's racism? No. 




 What are you talking about?  Are you implying that I hate people on this subreddit?  I'm an active participant in this subreddit and I want to see it be the best that it can be. 




 Respectfully disagree. 




  contrary examples are hard to find and they are

On this subreddit, yes. Not in the world.

  they are only human afterall

at least you concede that!

  but what with seemingly 9/10 jews claiming to be irreligious or atheist

Are you saying that being religious is necessary for being ethical? Because there are quite a lot of contrary examples of that as well.

Yes, it is complicated.  "Jews" means a lot of different things to different people.  Basically my point is, you can't pigeonhole people. If you go around assuming things about people and treating them based off of your ASSUMPTIONS about them, it's not only incredibly hurtful to people who don't deserve your scorn, but you are also missing out on some potential allies.

So you don't like racism right?  I'll leave you with the word's the late great MJ:
If you want to make the world a better place
Take a look at yourself, and then make a change
 




 Yes, it took me about 2 minutes of searching Google.  There are actually millions of stories of jews acting compassionately and peacefully.  I posted the wikipedia article to illustrate that it's actually something that's part of the religion.

Do you admit that you might have a slight confirmation bias when it comes to this? 




 I certainly don't have a geocentric view of the world.  Rather, the center is everywhere.  Also, the shift in my view wasn't based solely on scientific discovery, though it certainly played a part.  I think most importantly was the profound feelings of connection I felt that I couldn't easily rationalize away (and really I no longer have any desire to rationalize these things away).  I guess I really don't understand why some people try so hard to remove all sense of magic from the world.  Is that really the world you want to live in? 




 I don't think you are actually interested in seeing evidence contrary to your preexisting beliefs.  You are automatically downvoting my responses to the questions that YOU asked. 




 If you want to see the source, how hard is it to look at the references section? 




 http://forward.com/articles/202796/jews-march-in-new-york-rally-against-israel-war-in/

http://forward.com/articles/202897/thousands-of-israelis-protest-gaza-war-in-rare-out/

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Judaism_and_peace 




 At the end of the day, there are many things that we don't KNOW.  So where do go from there?  We kind of fill in the blanks.  You can be agnostic about these things, and that's honorable, but sometimes entertaining a belief that you are not 100% sure of is not only harmless, but useful.  For instance, you might not be sure that you can run a marathon.  But you harbor this belief in yourself that you can, and this causes you to push yourself and train, and then lo and behold! you ran a marathon!  I think many things work this way.  Our thoughts actually create our reality.  I don't believe in objective truth and the process of belief to me is very much a creative one. 




 It absolutely led me to believe that my view of the world was too simplistic.  Part of that was realizing that a simple rejection of any notion of spirituality or connection to something larger than myself was too simplistic.  I accept that there is a whole lot that we don't know.  We will continue to learn more and more about the universe and our place in it.  I don't know if we will ever have a definitive answer to these really big questions, and for the moment I have to rely on what I *intuit* and what feels the best.  It seems to me like a lot of atheist are really uncomfortable with the idea of CHOOSING to believe something, but I think if they took a good look at their own thought process, they would realize they are doing the exact same thing. 




  There isn't actually any proof that our minds extend further than inside our physical brain. That's wishful thinking just like believing in God

There isn't any proof that they don't either.  So you CHOOSE to believe what you want just as I choose to believe what I want.  My world view happens to be more fun and useful for me personally. 




 Try mushrooms. In a comfortable setting (preferably outdoors), with people you trust, in a good head space, at a low dose.  




  Realistically, that probably won't happen, so my career plan at the moment for the future is to be a dietician.

I've got to stop you right there.  I was nodding my head through your entire post enthusiastically until I read this line.  You need to understand that you are the creator of your own destiny.  The cliche "whether you believe you can or can't, you're right" stands here.  Study and become a dietician if this makes you happy, it's a great thing to do, but never subjugate your dreams for something more "realistic".

Check out [/r/lawofattraction](http://www.reddit.com/r/lawofattraction) 




  I am an ex-atheist. I know what atheism is, I was very proud to ascribe this label to myself between the ages of 13 til about 18. I didn't call myself agnostic, I was sure. I took a completely mechanical, deterministic view of the universe. Everything was simply an unfolding of chemical reactions since the Big Bang and in that universe, there is no room for free will, let alone "God".

So what changed? Well, for one, I found out that this is not actually the universe we live in. The world we live in far far stranger than that. There are not 4, but 10? or maybe an infinite number of dimensions. Time is not linear, but more illusory. Zooming down into the most base levels of existence, we find not mechanical reactions, but "vibrations". There is a universality of a force that composes all things. The world of the physical and mental are one.

Today, if I had to label my believe it would fall somewhere between pantheism an panentheism. The psychedelic experiences I've had, as well as dreams, have given me first hand experience that we are tapped into something much larger than ourselves. I don't believe in the Judeo-Christian deity. I do believe that what we normally experience is only a tiny fraction of Existence. To be alive and conscious is to be Divine. We are co creators and experiencers of our own magnificence.

Is anyone else here an "ex-atheist"?  To me it seems like a natural progression to go from believing in the God in the Bible, to disbelief, to pantheism. 




 This is the single funniest sign I've ever seen in my life.  I love thinking about the who designed this sign and how they managed to get it approved.  We need more sign designers/approvers like this! 




 Yup, you've got it.  They are not quite boids, much simpler I think, since they only respond to their closest neighbor.  Press the space bar to see who is neighbors with whom. 




 It's fun to read out loud. Good work. 




 I am an ex-atheist.  I know what atheism is, I was very proud to ascribe this label to myself between the ages of 13 til about 18.  I didn't call myself agnostic, I was sure.  I took a completely mechanical, deterministic view of the universe.  Everything was simply an unfolding of chemical reactions since the Big Bang and in that universe, there is no room for free will, let alone "God".

So what changed?  Well, for one, I found out that this is not actually the universe we live in.  The world we live in far far stranger than that.  There are not 4, but 10? or maybe an infinite number of dimensions.  Time is not linear, but more illusory.  Zooming down into the most base levels of existence, we find not mechanical reactions, but "vibrations".  There is a universality of a force that composes all things.  The world of the physical and mental are one.

Today, if I had to label my belief it would fall somewhere between pantheism an panentheism.  The psychedelic experiences I've had, as well as dreams, have given me first hand experience that we are tapped into something much larger than ourselves.  I don't believe in the Judeo-Christian deity.  I do believe that what we normally experience is only a tiny fraction of Existence.  To be alive and conscious is to be Divine. We are co creators and experiencers of our own magnificence. 




 What about systematically posting examples of people of a certain race behaving in unflattering ways and ignoring examples of the contrary? Is that racist? 









 RIP mobile atheists ammarite?

EDIT: What Carl sagan?! Thanks reddit! 




 That's nuts man. 









 So.. generally, what's going on here? 




 Cool! I have to look into the flocking algorithm.  This looks funs. 




 I would ween yourself off that shit. Mushrooms are a more effective anti_depressant than SSRIs and you don't need to take it near everyday. 




 target the congresspeople who wrote the bill. 




 I ride in the middle of the lane. Split the difference. 




 If you ride close to the curb motorists are more likely to not see you drive in the bike lane. 




 Nice try, bright green paint salesman. 




 You guys are fucking retards.  In the world of adults, it's possible for a female to be friends with someone without banging them.  It's also common to have a social relationship with one's professor. 




 Taking them head on is basically out of the question. I think the solution lies more in doing everything we can to simply stop participating in their system.  Growing your own food and producing your own power is a good start. 




 There are so many ways to interpret this.  Can you post some examples of what you're complaining about? 




 So what's your solution? 




 Central valley farmers act like it's their god-given right to grow their monoculture crops there and would rather see all the rivers dry up then have to change their practices. 




 All we have to do is stop paying our taxes.  Collectively.  No tax income equals no way to pay the police and military. 




 I would love to know how many of the "conversations" about GMOs here on reddit are completely orchestrated. 




 The more I read this the more I'm starting to think it's some sort of elaborate perfomance art piece. It's actually kind of entertaining. 




 Plot twist: the writer of this article is the same guy!

Seriously though, this boggles the mind. 




 While this may be true, we have to at least try to exercise our democratic rights.  In some cases, they will work.  If they fail, then it's time to start thinking outside the box. 




 I tried to register on the site but it appears to not be working. 




 I am very very interested in participating in this project and helping out in any way I can.  Organization is a powerful tool that allows us to do so much more than we can as indivduals.  We just need to ensure that that organization and the energy of its constituents are not subverted to a narrow agenda.  We need people who are courageous and GENUINE. 




 Thanks! I've always wanted to do something like that.  I'm not sure what the best/most affordable way to get a permanent display running processing would be.  An Android tablet perhaps? 




 Um, I agree with you. What are you responding to? 




 99th percentile means above 99% of the other test takers. 




 I don't get your kid's school. If there are 100 students in the school 1 of them is likely to be in the 99th percentile.  Was there something specific about your kid that made them skeptical? 




 This is obviously not a conspiracy but a feature.  It's easy to disable by going into your setting. And.. follow me with some logic here.. If Google were using this for nefarious purpuses, would they make the tracking information available to you?  Wouldn't they just do it without telling you? 




 Thanks! I've been wanting to get into making visualizers for a while.  I might use your source as a starting point. 




 This ditty came up while reading this awesome book, [The Nature of Code](http://natureofcode.com/book/). 









 Fuck Comcast? 




 I picked this book up randomly in a bookstore when I was 14 when my sister was touring Humbolt U.  It literally changed the way I saw myself and the world and contributed very much to my philosophy.  That and mushrooms. Highly recommend both. 




 Oh look, reddit's being racist again. 




 I'm starting an organic garden on my front yard.  You should too. Before they make it [illegal](http://abcnews.go.com/US/vegetable-garden-brings-criminal-charges-oak-park-michigan/story?id=14047214). 









 The ability to realistically render an image with paper and pencil does not make one an artist.  Being an artist is about tapping into your creativity and giving in whatever form it may take.  May I recommend two things:

[Procesing](http://processing.org/) a programming language for creating art!  Allow my to plug [my own](http://www.openprocessing.org/user/6463) portfolio for some examples.

And this book [The Artist's Way](http://www.amazon.com/The-Artists-Way-Julia-Cameron/dp/1585421464) which is a workbook for tapping into your own creativity and to stop censoring yourself!

Your photography is your art!  Whatever medium comes natural to you, practice it everyday and hone it into a talent uniquely yours. 




 Actually it's about Israel.  I don't think the OP would care if a bunch of jews living in the United States formed a security company and won a contract. 




  You're arguing against a claim nobody here has made.

It sure seems like you are making that claim when you post a link to something that is clearly NOT about jews but about Israel and call it anti-semetic.

Like I said before, there are a few people on that sub who routinely turn criticism of Israel into anti-semtism. And I and others call them out on their racist bullshit.  But you are poisoning the well by pointing to the worst of the bunch and saying it is indicative of the majority.

 you know, like you're doing right now.

I'm not defending "thinly veiled antisemitism".  I'm defending the right of people to criticize Israel without being called racist (when they are actually not being racist).  It might seem like a tough distinction to make but it's really important to make that distinction. 




 Well, you are perpetuating the conflation.  I'm over there everyday trying to sort out the racist shit from the real criticism of Israel, calling people out.  What you are doing is just as bad and is playing into the confusion. 




 Yes, that sub is frequented by people who are genuinely anti-semitic and use criticism of Israel as a cover to voice their racist mentality. BUT that does not mean that everyone on that sub who is critical of Israel is anti-semitic.  What if I told you that there are jews who are critical of Israel? Does that blow your mind?  I know you probably don't care about this because your agenda is just to make people on that sub look bad, but I think you are being disingenuous when you conflate anti-zionism with anti-semitism.

EDIT: you could try replying to me before you hit that downvote button. 




 Where did I say I support the state of Israel?  You seem mentally incapable of separating criticism of Zionism with hatred of jews.  I'm done arguing with you because you're either a troll or very very lost. 




  A quote from a speech he gave in 1938:

 I should much rather see reasonable agreement with the Arabs on the basis of living together in peace than the creation of a Jewish state. My awareness of the essential nature of Judaism resists the idea of a Jewish state with borders, an army, and a measure of temporal power, no matter how modest. I am afraid of the inner damage Judaism will sustainespecially from the development of a narrow nationalism within our own ranks, against which we have already had to fight strongly, even without a Jewish state. ... If external necessity should after all compel us to assume this burden, let us bear it with tact and patience.

Smart guy. 




 Yes. SEEEE, there are Jews who have been, do, and will continue to speak out against the injustices that go on in their name which has been HIJACKED by a dangerous elite. 




 The point had nothing do with the actual physiological reasons that sugar tastes good, as I'm sure you actually know.  The point is that not everything that tastes good is good for you, which was the original point icancatchbullets was trying to make. 




 It sounds to me like you're the one supporting genocide. YOU are the problem. 




  Plus, if superiority is a relative concept with no absolute definition, what's to stop people from forming different opinions on what "superiority" is?

Nothing, that's my point.  You really can use your own definition of "superior" if you insist on using that term at all.  Why not make your definition include some of the things you think are good? 




 ITT: racist fucks 




 Holy shit, I could find a thousand books written by white christians that have that exact same premise but with the group replaced.  When will you learn that the actions of an individual is not necessary indicative of that entire group.  You can cherry pick examples of assholes all you want, and you can come here to read more examples of what you already believe.  Do you know how fucking ridiculously fucked up your sort of rhetoric is?  How about treating all people with respect regardless of their race or religion?  Do you know how many Jews there are that are against Zionism and speak out about it?  I know it's real easy to spout out your racist nonsense behind the anonymity of a computer screen, but would you say these things in public? Why not?

/end rant 




 Sugar tastes fucking good because it triggers the same receptors as carbohydrates, which are nessesary for short-term survival.  This does not mean that our body knows that sugar is exactly what our body needs.  Your logic falls apart pretty fast. 




 How the heck do you figure that the ability to destroy one's own ecosystem is "superiority"?  As for "self-awareness" that is nearly impossible to define.

Try this on for size: superiority is a completely relative concept with no absolute definition.  It's just you saying "This is better than that" which translates to "I like this better than that."  Evolution does not give a shit about what you like better.  Complex does not equal better than simple.  The only metric of success you can use when talking about a lifeform is its ability to survive and proliferate, and by that metric, insects are surely doing better than we. 




 Please define "evolutionary superiority". 




 Holy shit, that sub is as bad as r/whiterights 




 So it's not possible for someone to engage in direct action and ALSO have a blog? 




  And how much is it to fly a head of lettuce across the continent, or a crate of bananas across the ocean?

Transporting anything is associated with carbon emissions, yes.  But that's not the point and that isn't what causes the huge emissions of meat consumption.  It is combination of methane output of cows and deforestation to make grazing land.

  and what of the carbon cost of the fertilizer that their manure replaces? 

[Manure only makes about 5% of fertilizer.](http://appliedmythology.blogspot.com/2013/03/no-cows-dont-make-fertilizer.html)  This is a non issue.

 My point is that you cannot just take one part of modern society and blame it for all of the ills of modern society. 

No one is claiming that meat consumption is to blame for ALL the ills of modern society.  Rather, it's about 14 and 22 percent of a very challenging problem. (Not to even mention the other compelling arguments for eating a plant-based diet.) If we want to solve it, we need to break it down and figure out what we can change.  Eating less meat is part of that. 




 That went from moving to powerful to jaw-dropping to eerily sobering. 




 Enjoy your prostate cancer. 




  The meat industry has contributed to climate change. Carnivorous diets haven't.

You do realize that industries don't magically emerge from nowhere and support themselves on air, right?  The strength of an industry is DIRECTLY related to consumer demand. 




 Edit: let me rephrase that.

You are right, air travel is an absolutely huge contributor to one's carbon footprint.

But Morrissey is right too.

[According to Scientific America](http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/the-greenhouse-hamburger/):
The FAO report found that current production levels of meat contribute between 14 and 22 percent of the 36 billion tons of "CO2-equivalent" greenhouse gases the world produces every year. It turns out that producing half a pound of hamburger for someone's lunch a patty of meat the size of two decks of cards releases as much greenhouse gas into the atmosphere as driving a 3,000-pound car nearly 10 miles.

It's a fairly easy change to make with a huge impact, which is probably why he's touting it, but does it make up for the rest of the carbon emissions involved in his lifestyle? Probably not. 




 Yeah, actually [most cancer studies use those rats and the study was retracted due to pressure by Monsanto](http://truth-out.org/news/item/20516-in-depth-journal-retracts-independent-study-linking-monsanto-gmo-corn-to-cancer-in-rats).

 




 Health and safety are not the only reasons someone might want to avoid GMOs.  There are environmental effects for one, and someone might want to avoid purchasing GMO containing food because they simply don't want to support the companies profiting from it (perhaps because of the patent issue). People need to be informed in order to "vote with their dollars". 




 I get severe headaches EVERYTIME I eat food containing MSG, (even when I didn't know that it contained it before hand), so I am very grateful that it is labeled.  You cannot tell me it is completely harmless.  This is exactly why people need to be able to discern what is in the food they are eating.  You cannot make blanket statements about an organisms reaction to various chemical compounds (which is exactly what food is) and be right 100% of the time. 




 Damn, I'm sorry so many people aren't having any fun in life.  I'm an adult, I make games for a living, and I spend my copious free time hiking, swimming in rivers, playing music, and having sex with my polyamorous lovers.  This is the best my life has ever been. 









 Thanks!  You jolted me into realizing I need to get back to work!  My game is SOO close! 




 I'm travelling South America and I'm boarding a bus in Ecuador.  I have a plastic water bottle full of processed San Pedro cactus (which is a lot like Peyote, contains mescaline).  I also have some weed, which can also get you serious jail time in Ecuador.  As I'm waiting in line to board the bus, I notice a uniformed guard (perhaps a police officer?) searching people's bags before boarding.  I split off from my friend and walk around the corner where I down the San Pedro, not wanting it to go to waste, and put the weed in my sock under my foot....

Back at the bus, the guard is doing a really thorough job searching and it is taking quite a while.  By the time it is my turn I'm starting to feel the effects of the San Pedro kick in.  The guard asks me immediately to completely empty my bag.  I have a guitar, which he shakes, juggling balls, which he sniffs, and a little pipe which I've used to burn the herb that morning.  He examines the pipe for a long time, sniffing it, scraping tar with his finger, while my heart is pounding.  I mutter "para tobacco" as if that doesn't make me any more suspicious.  Finally he asks me to remove my shoes and it's all I can do to keep it together.  I step out of my my shoes and I'm now standing on top of the marijuana.  He shines a flashlight in my shoes and then finally, after what seemed like a half an hour search, tells me to get on the bus.

Needless to say, it was an interesting bus trip after that. 









 This is just not true.  There is a ton of research showing that sitting in excess is harmful to your health.

Here's a [summary of the research](http://www.juststand.org/tabid/816/default.aspx). 









 I just use a spreadsheet.  I use the following columns: 

* Type (Feature, Bug)
* Priority
* Milestone (I highly recommend using a milestone system
* Status (In Progress, Testing, Awaiting Assets, Complete, etc.)

I don't think the particular method of organization is important, just so long as you have a system which you use, makes sense to you, and use consistently. 




 Maybe I am learning this lesson now.. but is optimization really such a bad thing?  I think there is a probably a sweet spot in terms of how much effort you put into it.  Too much and you waste your time.  Too little and your game is inefficient and might not run on every device you want it to. 




 I like the music. 




 Thanks! I read that most games don't make it past alpha, so getting over these last hurdles is going to be an accomplishment!  I will be so happy just to see my game in the store. 




 Ever play [Zach McKracken and the Alien Mindbenders?](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zak_McKracken_and_the_Alien_Mindbenders) that game was awesome. 




 I met with a client to discuss a potential new educational game.  Now I'm playing a game.. hehe.  Once I get that out of my system it's back to working on my game I've been working on for the past 6 months.  I think it's only a couple weeks from Beta now! 




 You sound like a confused individual. 




 Anyone want to take a stab at interpreting this video? 




 You mean... [like this?!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAb3J7WONhE) =D 




 And meanwhile..
[Thousands of Israeli's Protest the war in Gaza](http://forward.com/articles/202897/thousands-of-israelis-protest-gaza-war-in-rare-out/) 




 Does anybody remember [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6NZ2jBp176E)? 
























 Who watches the watchers? 




 I'm intrigued. What is this from? 




 I agree with your diagnosis of the problem, but when you make a post like this, can you please spend at least as much time proposing solution as you do illustrating the problem?  I realize this is a big departure from the the current culture of this subreddit, but without solutions and proposed actions there is absolutely no point to even illustrating the problem.  In fact, psychologically, we were better off before we knew, or when we weren't thinking about it.

I'll start: How can we stop war?  We can make war-mongering politically unfeasible by recalling/no longer electing anyone who supports war.  We can stop paying the portion of our taxes that goes to fund wars.  We can protest.  We can engage in anti-recruitment to ensure there aren't enough soldiers to engage in war. 




 You don't have to drink it.  There are great alternatives to milk and cheese that don't involved forcible-impregnation, a life of servitude, and early death. Just saying. 




 It took me a long time as a vegetarian to reluctantly accept that conclusion.  Then I discovered Daiya cheese and nutritional yeast! 




 Just go vegan. Problem solved. 




 How dare you post a comment. Downvoted. 









 No. Because robots. 




 Does the site require cookies to register? I'm blocking cookies and when I hit Create Account, nothing happens. :-/ 




 Where is the anti-semetic graffiti? 




 I call bullshit. No one has sex ever.
EDIT: lolz 




 Can someone explain in general terms how scientists track the movements of galaxies?  It really boggles the mind. 




 So the Illuminatti staffs animators on children's shows?  Or could it just be the animators having some fun? Hmmm. 




 No, no, no.  If the owner of the property is not charged with any crime, there is no justification for seizure of property whatsoever.  Moreover, we need to end the failed war on drugs and start treating drug abuse like a health issue rather than a criminal one. 




 It specifically says they must be supervised by a "trained PE teacher". 




 All children should sit still at their desks all day.  No one should be allowed to walk to school because it is too dangerous.  The only safe thing to do is completely immobilized children to avoid the risk of injury.  Nevermind childhood obesity, less exercise is what kids need! 




 Good. Please don't go. =) 




 I hope you Left No Trace. 




 Be proud of the American people and the spirit of innovation and self-sufficiency and self-determination that is the ideal of America.  Then fight like hell to save it from the plutocrats who have systemically destroyed our ideals in Orwellian fashion. 




 I'd say government has much more.  Religion has virtually no influence over my life.  One can chose to ignore it.  I can't simply ignore the governments demand that I pay taxes or abide by its myriad other laws. 




 Again, I didn't say you NEEDED religion to do that.  I already agreed with you on that point.  I just said, it can do that.

 meanwhile, everything bad you can do in the name of religion you actually need religion to do that

See my reply to your comment for my response to this argument.

It's been nice chatting. I'm going to bed now. 




 The same can be said of government. 




 I never said that.  It sometimes is. I also don't think it's universally a negative force in the world.  At it's worst it is brainwashing and violence-inducing.  At it's best, it brings people together with a knowledge that they can work together to improve the world.

Look, I'm not really a fan of organized religion.  I prefer a more fluid and personal path to spirituality.  I just don't think we should throw the baby out with the bathwater. 




 The first statement, I absolutely agree with.  Religion does not have a monopoly on morality.

#2, depends on how you parse it.  For instance, would something like the Spanish Inquisition happen without religion? Not exactly like that, no.  But people can still be zealots without being religious.  Political zealots can engage is mass murder and persecution as well, like stalinists or anti-communists for example.

It's really not possible to distill all the world's problems down to a single thing.  Or if it is, it's something more fundamental than religion, maybe like ego, or fear. 




 People don't only identify on the basis of religion.  Other example of groups people identify with: ethnicity, nationality, class, idealogy. Come on man, use your head. 




 If people don't have religious beliefs, you're right, it's impossible to manipulate them on the basis of THOSE beliefs.  But my point is that religious beliefs are not the only way that capitalists manipulate people (particularly into war.)  They also use economic imperatives, non-religious ideology, and and just plain scaremongering.  I'll give you an example of each.

Economic imperative: "We need to go in and open up those trade routes!" or "Fight this war and you get money for college."

Non-religious ideology: "We've got to stop those commies or they'll destroy freedom everywhere!"

Fear: "Saddam Hussein. WMDs. 911. Saddam Hussein. WMDs. 911. Saddam Hussein. WMDs. 911." 




 That's not true.  There are tons of ways for capatalists to manipulate people.  They mostly do it through economic circumstances. They do it through debt, they do it though media manipulation, they do it through advertisement. I think you have a single track mind. 




 So if a Jew doesn't criticize Israel, they're a Zionist, but if they do, it's an example of "Jewish Privelage".  What would a jewish person have to do to avoid your criticism?

 




 You're right fundamentalism is a huge problem, but your last statement is hyperbole.  I think you're underestimating the influence that capitalists have over when and how often we go to war.  They often use religion as a tool to manipulate people however. 




 It doesn't matter which happens more.  They are both problems that feed off of each other. 




 There are many jews who don't support the oppressive policies of the state of Israel, and many who don't even think a "Jewish State" is a good idea.  A lot of jews are frankly pissed of that Zionist assume the right to speak for them.  This why you have to make this distinction. 




 Yes it would.  Judaism can be construed as a race or a religion.  If you are anti-any-race, you are a racist.  If you are criticizing the religion itself however, that is not racist. 




 Anne Frankly, i DID NOT UNIDAN THAT COMING
 




 I bet your wife is cheating on you bro. 




 Great video series, thanks! 




 Finally I live somewhere where it's dark enough to actually see the Milky Way!  Between that and [this cool app](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.stardroid hl=en) I'm learning the geography of our sky and it's exciting!  I'm looking for a telescope for under $200, either a good recommendation of one to buy or instructions on how to construct one (I know people do this.)  What are factors to consider when choosing a telescope beside magnification?  Thank you very much and I'm really looking forward to learning more and sharing with everyone here on /r/Astronomy 




 i was sitting thinking  
while the sky was sinking  
a cup of water by my side  
is this the water drinking me?  
(this is the water's cup)  
and is this rising water  
filling up with room?  
(this is the water's room)  
  

the sky still higher  
than the water's edge; i did not worry  
or hurry, took my time  
a rising tide, but time to [dredge](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dredging)  
(this is the water's sky)  
i'm just floating bye  
or is this water breathing me?  
(these are the water's lungs) 




 Isn't this basically what shamans do? Focus on image of rain, the sound of rain, the feel of rain.  And here is rain! 




 I'm shocked. *shocked!* 




 You got me. 




 You are an American Hero! I don't think you are a traitor, but someone who cares deeply about his country!  Or should I say, "her country", however you want to identify is cool with me.  My question is, what needs to be done to safeguard whistle blowers from slander and prosecution? 




 You are an American Hero! What you did was brave.  You are not a traitor but someone who really cares about his country.  Or her country. However you want to identify. 




 I managed to fix my problem.  I had to recreate my Live USB and then I reinstalled.  I did two things wrong on my first attempt to install.  I didn't make a separate /home partition (I'm not sure if this is actually necessary but folks on the irc channel said I should.)  I think the main problem was that I selected sda1 as the boot disc instead of just sda.  After I reinstalled it booted directly into Mint.  After running "sudo os-prober" and "sudo update-grub" it now gives me GRUB on boot with both Mint and Windows present. Hurray! 




 This is long, but I'm trying to give all the necessarily details to get help.  Currently I can't boot either Windows or Linux.

I had a system with Windows 8 on one partition and Linux Mint on another and GRUB booting.  At some point Linux Mint became corrupt and I decided to wipe the partition and reinstall it. I chose to install Linux Mint KDE 64 bit edition.

So I created a Live USB and boot from that and did a manual disk partition.  I deleted the partition with Linux and created two new partitions in that space.  The first 3GB as a swap partition.  The remaining space became the a partition of type ext4 and mount point "/".  I think it's device id was /dev/sda5.  I selected sda1 to be the boot partition because I think this is where GRUB was location previously (it had a size of 500MB). sda2 is the Windows partition.  The installation went ahead and now when I boot I get this:

 Grub Loading. Welcome to Grub!
error: no such partition.
Entering rescue mode...
grub rescue

My first thought was to try to repair GRUB from linux so I put the bootable usb back and.  But now when i try to boot from the usb it gives this:

 MDM could not write a new authorization entry to disk. Possibly out of diskspace.   Error: no space left no device.

I press OK and it says:

 Could not start the X server (your graphical environment) due to some internal error...

It then goes to a black screen.  Next I will try making another bootable USB on my other computer since it apparently got messed up somehow.

I also tried messing around in the grub rescue prompt but I don't really know what I'm doing there.  How should I proceed? Any help will be greatly appreciated. Thanks! 




 In that case, we need to also focus on changing that law, which is fundamentally anti-democratic. 




 Let's start a campaign to recall her and every other senator that co-sponsored this bill.  If we threw them out of office every time they proposed some shit like this, eventually it would stop.  It would also be the beginning of citizens taking power back into their own hands.  

Democracy is government FOR the people BY the people, not the self-appointed elete. We DO NOT have to take it. 




 I love you guys. 




 We can get non-corrupt people in *positions of leadership* however.  Power corrupts, but leadership inspires. 




 We need to get our activism on, like now. 




 I will campaign for this. 




 I'm just getting this eternally:

 Checking your browser before accessing popularresistance.org.
This process is automatic. Your browser will redirect to your requested content shortly.
Please allow up to 5 seconds
DDoS protection by CloudFlare 




 I would have replied:
Scientific proof is the word of God.  In my mind, these are synonymous. 




 RoboRally

Cosmic Encounters

10 Days in Africa

Diplomacy

Carcassonne

Dominion

Edit: fixed stupid spacing 




 Of course it's speculation.  Since a causal link cannot be established by a correlation study we cannot rule out either explanation. 




 *yawn* 




 Has anyone read, I Know Why the Caged Jackdaw is Not a Crow? 




 How many Californians does it take to screw in a light bulb?

We don't screw in light bulbs. We screw in hot tubs. ;-) 




 How long will it take to produce subsequent fruit? 




 Am I right to assume that it takes 3 years to START fruiting? But now that it has, it will produce new fruit much quicker than that? 




 paywall 




 [May help](http://www.apartmenttherapy.com/20-diy-green-cleaning-recipes-141129) 




 That or people who like to smoke are less likely to be violent.  Probably both. 




 It's funny how the ocean's ecosystem managed to thrive for millions of years without human intervention, but now it needs humans to step in and "protect it" in a way which is incidentally highly profitable. 




 Here's the thing. You said a "jackdaw is a crow."
Is it in the same family? Yes. No one's arguing that.
As someone who is a scientist who studies crows, I am telling you, specifically, in science, no one calls jackdaws crows. If you want to be "specific" like you said, then you shouldn't either. They're not the same thing.
If you're saying "crow family" you're referring to the taxonomic grouping of Corvidae, which includes things from nutcrackers to blue jays to ravens.
So your reasoning for calling a jackdaw a crow is because random people "call the black ones crows?" Let's get grackles and blackbirds in there, then, too.
Also, calling someone a human or an ape? It's not one or the other, that's not how taxonomy works. They're both. A jackdaw is a jackdaw and a member of the crow family. But that's not what you said. You said a jackdaw is a crow, which is not true unless you're okay with calling all members of the crow family crows, which means you'd call blue jays, ravens, and other birds crows, too. Which you said you don't.
It's okay to just admit you're wrong, you know? 









 This is bullshit - you're oversimplifying a complex situation to the point of no longer adding anything to the discussion. 




 That's interesting.  I didn't consider the object bumping into air molecules in front of it and that it would bump into less with the wind blowing in the same direction.

Is there a formula for how much force is applied to the object by the wind based on the object's current velocity, mass, and the wind speed? 




 tie em to my belt loop.  oh well, it woulda been nice. 




 Found the vegan! 




 Somebody give this man gold! 




 I like what you wrote and I welcome you to the pantheist camp!  I just don't understand what Tyson said in the video that sounded pantheistic to you.  He said the universe is trying to kill us, which is a pretty silly idea to me. 




 Are saying that if I fire a cannonball at 50mph and there is a wind speed of 10mph in the same direction, it wouldn't travel any further than it would without wind? 




 That was a good read and I agree with him mostly.  I take issue with the idea that theories which are not falsifiable don't deserve to taken seriously.  Non-falsifiable theories are simply outside the realm of science, but this doesn't make them ridiculous. 




 This one has in between options:
http://www.16personalities.com/free-personality-test 




 Wow, same also.  A trend emerges... 




 Exactly how was that talking like a pantheist? 









 RIP in peace your inbox! lol 




 All aboard the Karma Train! CHOO CHOO! 




 I'm on the verge of ordering an Extreme Q and I just had the idea to fill up some balloons and take them hiking. Has anyone tried this? How long can the vapor stay active in there? Thanks budddiees. 




 Drugs, drugs are bad, mmmmk? 




 All he'll get there is name calling and willful ignorance. 




 A lot of why marijuana is illegal in the first place is because of the risk industrial hemp posed to the oil industry. So they had to demonize/criminalize the whole thing.  Time to change things. 




 Bonding over weed is great.  I remember when I discovered my Dad toked.  It totally improved our relationship. 




 Everything does.  Milk is actually gnarly.  Try hemp milk! Goooood. 




  The majority of adoptable dogs are never brought through our doors (we refer them to local adoption groups and walk-in animal shelters). Most of the animals we house, rescue, find homes for, or put out of their misery come from miserable conditions, which often lead to successful prosecution and the banning of animal abusers from ever owning or abusing animals again. 




 As a two year old child, can confirm. 




 Why do I have you tagged as "Begin Karma Train here"?

EDIT: relavant username?

Eddit: What downunidans really?

EDIT: GOLD REALLY? What a wild ride it's been

Edddit: THat's enough internet for day.  Going to go fap to Robin Willaims the great aethiest

Edit: jackdaw? 




  I identify as both egalitarian and MRA. They are not exclusive.

Neither is feminists and egalitarian! Double standard much?  

 Yeah it does and I'll tell you why. Tell a feminist you're pro-male and they will assume you're anti-female and a woman hater/beater/rapist.

Do you not see the irony in this?  You are assuming that anyone is who feminist is anti-male.  I just can't even.. 




 Thanks! They actually wrap around the edges. 









 Can someone explain what's wrong here? I'm really new to archery. 




 I never said it was.  But it's important to remember the situational forces at work here.  Yes, at the end of the day, everyone is personally accountable for their own actions. 




 Pro-feminist does not mean anti-male. And both assertions are far from the reality. 




 [Interesting Read](http://www.john-lennon.com/whokilled.htm) 




 This is probably true.  And that's because colonialists made it impossible for them to live the tribal lifestyle they've lived for thousands of years through taking of land by force and exploiting the natural resources.  Now the animals suffer. 




  something that a certain race does.

This the the problem.  **A certain race does not collectively do anything.**  Individuals do things.  When you make collective judgements about people, this is prejudice. 




 You'll never be "right" in absolution.  Isn't it great how science always seems to reveal more questions, just when we think we're on the verge of answers? 




 Firstly, I'm glad you experience the magic of the universe. 

 How would my world be any more magical if I believed a talking bush told me to commit war crimes?

This is a total strawman.

 But I think what really sets us apart is the red pill/blue pill question: could it be that you prefer to hold wrong beliefs that are comforting rather than true beliefs that are not.

What really sets us apart is that you believe in an objective reality and I believe it is more subjective.  That ultimately comes down to a philosophical debate, because it is impossible to prove the nature of the universe to be either way.  But take a look at special relativity for an example of how reality might be different for different observers. 
























 You're an obvious troll. 




 Why should anyone be downvoted for asking this question?  I thought the whole point of conspiracy theories was to not take anything at face value but to use your own eyes and your own brain to come to an understanding of the true situation.  Why should we question counter-mainstream ideas any less than mainstream ideas?  How about some integrity here people. 




 I'm not in that loop anymore.  Very fortunate to free myself.  Now I want to help free others.  We need to do it together. 




 I can't believe they've implemented the "kill switch" so quickly.  Didn't congress just pass this law in CA?  It's as if they knew it was coming. 




 This is the definition of anti-zionism. 




 Is it considered vote brigading if we all regularly check the new queue of other specific subs? 




 People here seem to think one dimensionally.  Nuanced opinions aren't usually understood. 




 Holy shit. 




 Here's a solution: go vegan.
http://www.ucsusa.org/global_warming/solutions/stop-deforestation/solutions-for-deforestation-free-meat.html#.VEFQ16Y6iUo
 




 You want to help? Stop eating meat and dairy.
http://www.ucsusa.org/global_warming/solutions/stop-deforestation/solutions-for-deforestation-free-meat.html#.VEFQ16Y6iUo 




 It sounds to me like you want it to happen. Your defeatist attitude is not helping.  If organization is what we need then it's time to get organized.  What they are talking about is allowing corporations to overrule democracy through extra-governmental "courts" where corporations can sue governments for enacting laws that are harmful to their profits!  If not people knew what was happening they would be up in arms.  Our apathy doesn't run that deep.  That's why they are conducting these meetings in absolute secret. We stopped SOPA and we can stop this. I'm not saying it will be easy, but united we can do it. 




 Not if we fight like hell. 




 you mean an oxymoron? but i don't think computers are inherently any less secure than any other form or storing/sharing information such as pen and paper. 




 I don't think you understand.  The cops paid his legal fees in addition to what they took from him. 









   Stuart won back the amount seized plus legal fees which totaled around $12,000. 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_Aiyana_Jones

The officer was charged with manslaughter and reckless endangerment with a gun, was tried twice, but both trials ended in mistrials. I would like to know if this guy is still on the force.  This wasn't his first issue with no-knock raids, having killed two family pets in 2007. 




 This is real, regardless of the source.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_Aiyana_Jones 




 Ok, I'm glad to hear that and hope that it's true. 




 It might well be easier in Japan where conformity and obedience to authority are even more ground in to their society than in the West. 




  In December 2013, the Japanese parliament passed a bill whereby public officials and private citizens could face ten years in prison for divulging special state secrets, and journalists, five years, for seeking to obtain classified information. The bill is widely interpreted as a way of preventing sensitive information about Fukushima (among other topics) reaching the Japanese public and by extension the rest of the world  




 Great movie. 




 Some info about the author:

 David Ernest Duke (born July 1, 1950) is an American White nationalist, writer, right-wing politician, and a former Grand Wizard of the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan,[5][6] and former Republican Louisiana State Representative. He was a candidate in the Democratic presidential primaries in 1988 and the Republican presidential primaries in 1992. Duke has unsuccessfully run for the Louisiana State Senate, United States Senate, United States House of Representatives, and Governor of Louisiana. 




 How the hell is Chomsky a "corporatist"? Explanation and source please. 




 or is it only.... the beginning?! 




 Annihilate the hatred in your heart.  Then when the majority of the people involved in this conflict do the same, then there will be peace. 




 You do realize that just because science hasn't discovered something yet doesn't mean it doesn't exist.  Did the effects of relativity not exist before Einstein?  Did Pluto not exist before we knew about it?

My statement is called a hypothesis.  Something that you base scientific studies around.

It's almost as if you don't understand science at all.. 




 Also, I was just describing the methodology that 432 tuning arose out of.  I didn't make it up.  The doubling is because that is how an octave is defined!  The note A is always given as the base pitch for any standardized tuning. You clearly do not know much about music theory in general and I think you are speaking out of ignorance on a lot of topics. 




 Actually no, that's not what confirmation bias is.  Confirmation bias is when you only seek out information that confirms beliefs you already have.  I think the phrase you're looking for is "placebo effect".  I have a degree in psychology for the record.

And yes, I have done a blind test and found 432 hz to be more pleasing to me.  Here do it yourself:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LVoVr9UwOQM 




 All I know is that I like how it sounds and how it makes me feel. I don't give 2 shits about convincing anyone.  I don't think I'll be posting on this subreddit anymore because I simply tried to share some thoughts and information and just got shot down for doing so.  So, peace have a nice life. 




 Elaborate. 




 You might like [r/pantheism/](/r/pantheism/). 




 A hit of Ayahuasca? Whaa? I've only seen it offered through shamans, mainly in South America, but some new shamans in the US as well.  You are being sarcastic then? 




 I'm saddened to see such a close-minded comment upvoted on this sub.  I also wonder if you have ever sat with Mother Ayahuasca?  This video is To me, this video speaks of how to scientific is merging with the spiritual.  We are learning the physiological and scientific reason on how this amazing concoction of herbs works her healing magic.

How do you know this man is "deluded"? What exactly about his comment gives you that impression?  I think his having done it so many times means he knows more about it than you or I (for the record, I've done it once.) 




 Sure.  It's called the [Schumann resonances](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schumann_resonances) which is basically an electromagnetic resonance caused by the interaction of the constant lightning around the Earth and the Earth's atmosphere.  It so happens that the fundamental frequency of this is 7.83 hz approximately 8.  Now, musically an octave is defined by a doubling a frequencies, so using this as the base we arrive at 512 hz for middle C (EDIT: sorry, one octave above middle C).  Basing the other notes around that frequency we get 432 hz for A.  I'm actually not sure why the numbers are rounded.  Maybe because of the appeal of using powers of 2? 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schumann_resonances 




 I am a proponent of 432 tuning also known as [scientific pitch](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scientific_pitch).  I don't necessarily think 440 hz tuning is result of a conspiracy, more likely simply a mistake out of ignorance.  I believe that even if you can't distinguish the difference consciously, there are still unconscious effects of listening to frequencies that are actually in sync with the humming of the Earth.  It is subtle, but real.  This is a very new topic and I don't know of any scientific studies examining it, but it's definitely something ripe for exploration.  I'd advice you to not simply write something off immediately because it sounds a little out there. 




 If we don't destroy ourselves first, this is pretty much inevitable. 




 My question: Why does Marx generally get all the credit for "communism"? What specifically was Engles contribution? 




 He use a bad word. I'm telling! 




 (It's not.) 









 I found [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GAYtu7ATC8). 




 This is really interesting but I would love to see more primary sources.  Examiner.com literally lets anyone write anything with no substantiation. Let's keep digging! 




 That's really a questionable claim if you read all the comments here.  There is a loud vocal (hopefully) minority around here that can't seem to make the distinction. 




 Diversity only prevents unity among bigots. 




 Real love is never self-destructive, only uplifting. 




 This is happening everywhere.  CA is just an example. 




 Maybe it's not viable to stop cold turkey, but we can definitely move away from it.  There are many things you can do starting today, biking, reducing energy consumption, switching to plant based diet, starting a garden.  Then you can look into renewable energy options like solar, or wind.  We don't need a new infrastructure for this.  I think decentralization of production is key.  Can we make an impact? I think so. 




 I want to be a trustful, but discerning individual.  To trust the right people. 




 Thanks for an informative post. 




 Solution: get off of fossil fuels any way you can. 




 Yes, good for you, but in this case you not having a facebook profile would not stop the government from creating one FOR you. 




 No it's not just the truism part.  How about the idea that people who don't like misattributing a quote are "shillz"?  Or even if you just disagree, you are therefore paid to do so? 




 Omg, are you new to the internet? Voltaire never said this for the 67,312th time.  Also, while we're at it, the definition of insanity is NOT doing the same thing over and over.  And people DON'T only use 10% of their brains. 




 [So did the USA](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manifest_destiny) 




 As a scientifically-educated "new age hippie", I think this is a good idea. 




 No, not everyone does this. Just stop with this tired cliche. 




 Did you guys read the description of the video?  The deer was bottle-fed and raised by this family and socialized with the dog from a very early age.  They ARE friends for life. 




 From my anecdotal evidence, it's the opposite. 









 No it isn't, and you're wrong. 




 Are you implying that all state elections are rigged?  Because it was citizens who decided it was time to legalize.  I'm not saying government and media doesn't do everything it can to manipulate, but they don't actually have 100% control over what happens in state referendums. 




 People admonish Jews for conflating themselves with Israel "Anti-zionism does not equal anti-semitism" and then go and say things like this, conflating jews with Israel. 




 I was having a conversation with a friend recently and they mentioned that Buddhism teaches about "10 levels of consciousness".  Is this true?  Can someone point me to reading material about this?  Thank you! 




 Is the model extracted from the game directly? 




 I notice the usual "Jews are the devil" crowd is conspicuously absent on this comment page. 




 For some reason I was expecting a dress made out of duct tape. This is much nicer. 




 Yes, they should be very thankful that they were bred to to be forcibly impregnated, have their young ripped from them after a few days, round up and placed in a pen small enough that they can't even turn around, pumped full of hormones, be forced to pump as much milk as they can possible produce until they dry up, likely suffering infections, only to be shipped off to slaughtered in the end.

That really sounds like a great life. /s 




 Awesome! The cows thank you. Can you take the next step and give up dairy?  There are really great alternative cheeses I promise. 









 Well, not a whole lot to be honest, besides posting some links that I found inspiring.  Sometimes a piece of art isn't the thing itself that does the changing, but rather the thing that plants the seed of change.  It's called inspiration.  Really, it's better than nothing.  It's a start. 




 And what have you done to change the world today, hmm? 




 I'm not mad bro. 




 Yeah, ok. Thanks for being honest. 




 OK, I'll taze you repeatedly and see how long it takes you to start walking. 




 Why would they break their legs? Do you break your leg every time you jump? 









 Just watched a video about the new GUI system. I have never been so psyched to make GUIs before! 




 Thanks for replying on my behalf.  I was crafting a reply along these lines but then I decided I didn't really want to get into another debate with a rationalist today. =D 




 If your partner is worried about you having sex with others in a DREAM, they are way too insecure.  Dreams are supposed to be the place where we can act out whatever we need psychology.  It's a natural escape valve for desires and fears, even those we didn't know we had.  It's the only place you can do whatever you want without fear of judgement or consequences.  Lighten up and have fun. 




 A biological process causes our experience of EVERYTHING, not just dreams.  So you can't use that criteria to say dreams are any less real than waking life. 




 The videos do look fake.  But then, are these people really dead?  If so, why not just really behead them?  If not, where are they? 




 Click on your name next to your karma.  It's one of the tabs at the top (on the same line as "overview" and "comments". Cheers. 




 I know, I know... but what about my likes and my 400 "friends"? 




 People have been getting high since before they were people.  Animals such as deer eat herb on the regular.  Likely, early in our evolutionary like our ancestors ingested marijuana. 




 /r/eldertrees is what you're looking for. 




 Why bother to defend your policies with law when you can just hire a shady mercenary group to execute your will with no accountability?  Why didn't government think of this sooner? On second thought, I'm sure they did. 




 You're crazy. 




 I want to find out more and possibly help.  Am programmer. PM me. 




 Can you link to this tape please? 




 Try the save button. 














 How does PixelPusher compare to Arduino or BeagleBone?

My suggestion is to try using a Slerp function to smooth the motion and make it look more natural. 




 That video rocked. 




 Where does the C come from? 




 If you're interested, the EPA was investigating this [until they mysteriously dropped the case in 2012](http://www.binghamtonhomepage.com/story-green-right-now/d/story/anti-fracking-groups-ask-the-epa-why-it-dropped-wa/37848/v_37C2ypVUS3KENCd0VzDQ). 




 People here don't like the suggestion that you should actually change your diet/behaviour in light of information. 




   And if requesting me to do things is what you want to do, by all means, have at it! But rather, how about instead of impotently requesting others to do things for you, how about you try being the change you want to see in the world.

That's exactly why I did start proposing solutions.  Did you even finish reading my post?

 But I guess there will always be defeatists and people who like to hide like you. Nothing new there.

You're calling me defeatist because I asked you to start thinking about solutions? That's funny. 
























 Censorship does not equal condonement.  US citz should know. 




 Maybe I'm stoned (which I am) but this is one of the first Advice Animals that made me laugh out loud. 




  The Zionists have taught us all why Jews have been hated since the days of the Roman Empire, driven out of one community after another over the centuries

Your first sentence is saying that the actions of the Zionists are indicative of some trait of all jews that have caused them to be pariahs throughout history.  You aren't talking about "Zionists Jews" in this case because there were not Zionists "since the days of the Roman Empire".  You are the one with malicious intent.  You are trying to incite rage against all jews by implying that they have some sort of inherent character or cultural flaw that leads to them being persecuted. 




 How does it compare with redwood?  i know redwood doesn't rot but it is expensive. 




 Thanks! I'll check this one out too. 




 This is not about jews. This is about a corrupt government.  There are jews inside and outside of Israel that object to and protest the actions of the Zionist government.

Of course you probably know that, because if you control F "jew" your post history, it's pretty clear that you are obsessed with bashing jews. 




 Have you seen [Room 237](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Room_237) ? It details how The Shining might contain a confession of Kubrick's involvement in faking the 1969 moon landing and other great stuff. 




 aww, he's just going through his awkward years. 









 Eating locally is better for the environment, so it's good policy. 




 Dairy and meat consumption are also linked with all kinds of health problems where fruit and vegetable consumption is linked with all kinds of health benefits. 




 I'm having a hard time processing this because it is antithetical with my idea of an incompetent and corrupt federal government. 




 [Coming soon](http://www.mobygames.com/images/shots/l/522960-deus-ex-human-revolution-windows-screenshot-menu-augmentationss.jpg) 




 how much gravity does it have? 




 I don't understand how people can order carbonated syrup chemical soup and complain that it's not the *right* carbonated syrup chemical soup.

EDIT: lolz at all the people upset that i accurately described what soda is 




 explain it to me. i don't get it. 




 if there's a depopulation agenda it's [failing miserably](http://www.ldolphin.org/poprecent.gif).

[Better graph with projections](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:World-Population-1800-2100.svg) 




 Dogs can see colors, just less than humans do to their only having 2 color receptors instead of 3. 




 I only tuck my shirt in if I *forgot* to wear a belt.  Helps keep my pants from falling down. 




 Well, they both travel through a series of tubes... so.. makes sense. 




 Pragmatic is just another way to say "self-limiting". 




 WTF is "politically feasible"? All that amounts to is pandering to the status quo.  The way democracy is supposed to work is that when the majority of citizens wants something, that's what they've get.  But when we are so concerned with politics that it inhibits us from even TRYING to get what we really want, it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy.  We have to redefine in our own minds what is possible and stop limiting ourselves according to some arbitrary standard of "practicality". 




 On top of all the other nonsense you just spewed, you just put the icing on the cake by misattributing this stupid quote for the billionth time. 




 Of course any news of the Israeli government actually doing something *good* for a change is going to be spun by this sub as another reason to admonish jews.  Give it rest. 




 Except when men are raped of course.  Then it's always real and there is a media conspiracy to cover up how often men are abused and raped by women.

(Yes, I know it DOES happen, but come on people.  Double standard much?) 




 Woah dude.  You really need to check your attitude.  Where did I sign up to be your online therapist?  I thought I'd send you a few words of encouragement to hopefully make you think and get you on the right path of changing your thought patterns.  You could try being a little grateful that a stranger is willing to do that for you.

It sounds like you need more help than I can offer you via this correspondence.  Have you ever considered seeing a professional?  Having someone to talk to on a consistent basis can really help you to get in touch with your own feelings and thought patterns, and maybe uncover the root of the problems you are having.

I'll leave you with a few final words in the sincere hope that they help you: Ultimately, the only person that can make you happy is yourself.  You cannot control how other people will act, but you can always control your own reactions to what comes (or doesn't come) into your life.  Learning to observe and direct your own emotional state will dramatically effect the course of your life.  Most people want circumstances to change so they can feel better, but in reality, you have to feel better FIRST, by whatever means necessary, even if you have to "trick" yourself at first.  Once you've adjusted your attitude you will notice things will start going your way more and more often, until it becomes a natural flow.  It's the art of living.  I sincerely hope you think about what I'm saying and open yourself up to a new way of being. The universe WANTS you to be happy.  Everything you need to accomplish this is in your hands.  Bless you and good luck, brother. 




 Here's the thing.. you said jackdaw is a crow. 




 I've got to believe it's the tipping point. They can't control EVERYTHING. 




 Better late than never! 




 You must enjoy what you do? 




 You are not easy to ignore. 




 I think already know the bright side, don't you smarty pants? 









 Some people might find that sexy. 




 Are you in highschool?  If so, you can look forward to people to become less clichy and obsessed with superficial things later on.  Even in college a lot people still have to grow out of that.  And honestly, those people aren't worth your time anyway.

It sounds like you are aware of a lot of your own good qualities.  That will get you far.  Don't worry about who likes or doesn't like you.  Just do your thing, and eventually you are bound to run into people who you vibe with.  Be someone that you yourself are proud of and everything else will fall into place. I wish you luck! 




 *applauds* 




 [Some people](http://www.lardbiscuit.com/lard/truefa.html) like you for that! 




 ok 




 You are good at removing negative influences from your life. 




 I found this interesting enough to reply! 




 Gonna give you a serious answer.  You've just identified the reason you are unhappy.  That's actually the first step towards solving your problem.  Now you can go about doing whatever you have to do to change your patterns of thought!  Also, you know that it's up to you to make you happy. No one else can do it. 




 You give people a chance who others don't. That's nice. 




 You're a great friend. 




 You probably eat a diet high in fiber. 




 You're an entertainer! 




 Really good for you.  On the bright side, I'm sure could find a partner of legal age who looks young and enjoys roleplay?  Would that do it for you? 




 I'm sick of the 6 raging racists with 300 accounts upvoting this shit.  It's tyranny. 




 This sub is quite obviously vote brigaded. Jew bashing posts are routinely voted to the top and initially they are awash with favorable comments. Overtime when real subscribers start reading it, those comments start to get downvoted. 




 how many accounts do you have? 




  So your list includes people who left the government to work for Monsanto as evidence of some kind of revolving door. Quite the stretch if you ask me.

That's actually the definition of a "revolving door".

From the [wikipedia article](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revolving_door_(politics\)) which I suggest you read:

 Industry, in turn, hires people out of government positions to gain personal access to government officials, seek favorable legislation/regulation and government contracts in exchange for high-paying employment offers, and get inside information on what is going on in government.

Moreover, you seemed to have cherry picked examples from the list that are the least incriminating.  Clarence Thomas, by the way, worked for Monsanto for 3 or 4, but the length of time is irrelevant.  Anytime a judge of a case is a former employee of a plaintiff in a trial, there is a real conflict of interest.  2 former FDA commissioners have also worked for Monsanto as well.  There are simply way too many connections to ignore.  This is clearly a case of the wolves guarding the hen house. 




 Only heartless POSs pray for others to suffer.  Nowhere did I say I didn't care about the victims. 




 As per usual, you didn't supply any new information.  You simply linked to your own blog. 




 http://occupy-monsanto.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/individual_monsanto_federal_position-large.jpg 




 You hit the nail on the head. 




 Labeling laws are kind of the last resort of people who are concerned about ecological effects.  The federal government is a revolving door with the biotech industry.  Look at [this chart](http://occupy-monsanto.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/individual_monsanto_federal_position-large.jpg) for details.  Because of the governments unwillingness to impose rigorous testing standards, and instead rely on the companies' own research to approve new strains, the only option a concerned citizen has is to avoid supporting the industry with their purchasing power.  Of course, this is very difficult to do if we don't have knowledge of which products contain GMOs, and that's the way they like it. 














 If you actually read the link I sent you you would know this already.  Here is just ONE example:

Plants are bred to be resistant to glyphosate herbicides.  Farmers begin spraying massive amounts of glyphosates on their crops due to the resistance.  The targeted weeds evolve resistance to the herbicide.  Monsanto creates stronger herbicide and new crops with resistance to this herbicide.  The cycle repeats.  As the herbicides get stronger and stronger the collateral damage to the ecosystem gets higher.  These herbicides are already known to cause damage to certain insect life. 




 [Read and learn](http://rt.com/usa/usda-gmo-risk-report-537/) 




 OMFG, you literally chopped off the end of what (s)he said to manipulate their argument.

They actually wrote:
MUCH more research is needed to provide an answer as to exactly how the modifications will affect **ecosystems** in the long run. 

Talk about being disingenuous. 




 *Tyranny is the deliberate removal of nuance.*

Most people here seem incapable of nuanced thought, and so are imposing rational minds to a tyrannical atmosphere.  It's time we evolve past this concept of "teams" or "sides" or even spectrum.  We live in a beautiful multidemensional universe with an infinite number of moving parts.  We can't distill things down to "Good" or "Bad". I wish more people on reddit would grow up and evolve their thinking a little bit.  Nuance people. 




 Bill THANK YOU for speaking up on this.  Too many people here act like any kind of critical opposition or concern with GMOs is by definition "anti-science".  They have been able to effectively frame the debate about human health and for the most part ignore the environmental implications.  The precautionary principal should stand here, because we could be changing the ecosystem in an irrevocable way.

In your opinion, are scientists who are skeptical over the safety and efficacy of GMOs given a fair chance to research and present this research?  Is there some sort of systematic discrimination going on in the form of funding cuts or ostracization?  

Thank you again for speaking with bravery and integrity. 




 Can you expand on what you mean by getting legislation to draft an acceptable law? Like they refused to do it? Why can't citizens must right the law? Is this how state ballot initiatives normally work?  




 Hey, you do what you can when you can.  I started like 10 years ago just reducing my meat consumption to once a day. Now I eat completely vegan!  There are actually a ton of really awesome dairy alternatives.  For instance: [here's a really yummy vegan mac and cheese recipe](http://veganyumminess.com/creamy-vegan-mac-and-cheese/).

You don't have to go cold turkey or even ever completely give it up if you don't want, but reducing your meat and dairy consumption as you are comfortable is a huge help to animal welfare, and not to mention the environment!  Thanks for asking questions. 




 Hmmm.. 




 Looks like CA first voted in 1972, but 66% rejected it.  The one I was referring to was http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/California_Proposition_19_(2010) with 53% voting no.  A substantial portion of the opposition came from people who were very pro-pot, perhaps even growers themselves.  They were worried about too much red tape and too high of taxes. 




 Embarrassed for CA right now.  We had the chance to be first and blew it.  Go Oregon! 









 This is why I don't call myself vegan even though I eat a 99.9% vegan diet.  Instead I say I eat a "plant-based diet", but every once in a blue moon I want to have a slice of pizza with real cheese, and I just do.  I don't feel bad about it and then I go right back to eating what I normally eat.  It doesn't have to be a dogma. 




 Moral objections are only one reason that people choose to be vegan.  Others include health and environmental concerns. Also, even if they do have moral objections to eating meat, they still might not tell you.  Like, if you object to say, abortion, and you're best friend just had one, you might just bite your tongue to avoid a conflict. 




 Are you a water/ress? It doesn't mean they don't understand it if they ask, it probably just means that it's easier to ask someone who's familiar with the menu than look through 50 menu items for the 1 things that doesn't have animal products in it. 




 Most wines. 




 Where are you getting your information from?

I googled that exact quote and the only the people using that quote are from sites dedicated to bashing Jews, not from Jews themselves.

Here is the real text of the Talmud online: 
http://www.sacred-texts.com/jud/talmud.htm

Now show me where in it, it says anything like that quote.  There isn't even a real conception in Jewish thought of a place called "Hell".  It's a more modern Christian concept, so this quote is highly dubious.

EDIT: and for the record, I've never ONCE heard a Jewish person refer to anyone as a "Goyim", I've ONLY heard it from people claiming that Jews regularly refer to the rest of the world by this word.  Jews really aren't the demons you're making them out to be.  I really suggest you open your heart and maybe try talking to some actual Jews to get their perspective. 




 Fuck this.  The Israeli government does not represent Jews as a whole.  Their name has been hijacked by Zionists.

Also, There is no legitimate reason to persecute anyone.  Here is the definition of persecute:

subject (someone) to hostility and ill-treatment, especially because of their race or political or religious beliefs.

Even if you can say without a doubt that the majority of members of any particular group are behaving badly, collective punishment is unfair and unhelpful.  It's unfair because of the members of that group that don't participate in this behaviour and may even speak out against it.  It's unhelpful because once you've stigmatized the entire group it causes an "us and them" division for both members of the persecuted group, and everyone else, which breaks down communication and bars finding real solutions. 




 I have been practicing yoga for over 5 years, and while I do go through phases of more and less active times in my practice, I see it as an integral part of my life's path.  I have been toying with the idea for some time to make the commitment to become a yoga teacher to share this joy with others.  Recently, I've made that commitment, declaring that I will do teacher training by my next birthday!

I don't know what form this will take, where it will be, or in what specific school I will study.  A note, I'm not necessarily looking to make a "career" out of this; my primary motivation is to deepen my practice and learn the skills I need to safely and effectively help others. I can see myself doing "by donation" classes in local parks.

A few questions come to mind at this point:

* What steps can I take today to move towards my goal?  I've browsed many websites, but I haven't found the one that looks perfect for me.  Still, I want to move forward
* Is "certification" a very important thing when looking for a teacher or school? As I said, I'm not necessarily looking for a job in the traditional sense.
*  Do I have to spend thousands of dollars on this?  Are there programs where I can volunteer for a reduced rate of teaching?
* What about choosing a "style"?  I want to learn all I can about a variety of yogic paths and not box myself in to a particular school.

Thank you for your thoughts. 









 That is just false.  There is a standard AND a definition for "organic".  Google it and stop spouting nonsense.   




 Mine doesn't even stop to smell pee. Nose must be busted. :-( 









 Ha! Mine is even worse.  He will put the ball literally in my hand, but if I close my fingers around it he will start growling and tugging away. 




 Probably: The Kills

Might: Fleet Foxes

Probably haven't: Sunset Rubdown

Haven't: Buke and Gass 




 That's actually a tricky question and you'll get different answers depending on who you ask.  The first Zionists were secular and made a political argument for the creation of the state of Israel.  It is correct to say that modern Zionists are acting "in the name of Judaism", but not everyone agrees that they have the right to do that.  There are actually religious arguments *against* Zionism, such as [this group](http://www.nkusa.org/) lays out. 




 They overlap, but they are not mutually inclusive.  Zionism is a POLITICAL movement for Jews to move to Israel.  There are many Jews who are not Zionists and there are also Zionists who are not Jews. 




 I've personally heard first hand accounts from dozens of Holocaust survivers. They talk about their family perishing in the camps. Are you telling me that all of these people were lying?  So, they managed to get all the jews on board to all tell the same story?  Where are the whistleblowers? 




 The fact that you are downvoted so much really makes me worry about the intelligence and intellectual honesty of the frequenters of this sub (of which I am one myself).  Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence, but all that's happening here is people putting their fingers in their ears and going "Nanananana everything you know is wrong." 




 The first paragraph was the best part of this article.  Let's focus on that.

The day will come when no one is relying on a traditional job to survive.  We are reorganizing into self-sufficient sustainable communities.  The day will come when there is no one to run the grid power, and the servants will all leave the billionaires mansions to join these communities, and the billionaire will have to humble himself and walk down the hill to real community of human beings, beg forgiveness and ask to join. 




 Because it's talking about the average redditor. 




 What did we expect from /u/pm_me_ur_tits___  ? 









 The first plan is TO plan.  Everyone is going to have different ideas on how we should tranform the world and I say we try all of them.  Get together on the regular with real people near where you live.  Come together with a shared intention to make a difference and to come away with an actual plan of action, no matter how small.  Then share your experience with others so we can learn from each other's experience.  Stay positive, revise often, and don't lose focus on the goal. 




 you don't need to meet bigotry with bigotry. 




 The Powers That Be are extremely well organized and they thrive on chaos of the masses.  The more angry and scared people are, the easier it it to funnel their energy into their agenda.  As truth comes to light, the initial reaction is denial, followed by shock, followed by anger.  We need to take the next step, and come to a place of calm understanding.  From there we can begin to get together to take coordinated action to subvert the agenda.

There need not be one single, agreed upon plan, this is the MO of the power hoarders.  Instead we operate as [autonomous groups](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Affinity_group) that can network when appropriate.  We need to use every means available to us.  If we get active, WE DON'T HAVE TO LIVE IN THE WORLD *THEY* WANT US TO.   Do not fall into the defeatist trap.  That is part of their plan.  This is our planet and it's time we take it back. 




 Who the hell is upvoting this nonsense? Seriously. 




 Does your game support Google cardboard? 




 Aaaaand it's 5am and I spend the last 12 hours coding, forgot to sleep!!  I've started on a new game, a puzzler!  I'm using [Processing](http://processing.org/)  to rapidly prototype the idea and for the level editor.  Once I have the design hammered out I plan on rewriting the game in Unity3D, bringing in all the good graphics at that time.  Very excited but I  must sleep! 




 Can anyone find the current status of the [lawsuit](http://blogs.villagevoice.com/runninscared/2011/05/adrian_schoolcr_1.php) that Schoolcraft filed against the NYPD? 

In May 2011 a judge ruled that discovery could proceed, but I can't find any info and what happened after that. 




 Have you even *seen* a fossil? I mean, outside of your Darwin books. 




 This is really laughable.  Someone attempts to engage in a rational discussion of the content of the article and your mind automatically goes "SHILL!" Because anyone who even dares question any portion of your ideological view of the world is necessarily working with the enemy. 




 I see you edited your comment to remove you calling /u/werevolved "jewboy" for asking for proof that "the holocaust is fake".  Smooth. 




 In your reality people that question your denial of one of the most well documented events in history are "shills". 





























 This is how I poop.  I started doing it spontaneously when I 14 and never looked back.  I do so in my socks so I don't get the seat dirty. 




 try pigtails 




 Congratulations, you just quoted
 an energy consultant with Energy in Depth, an advocacy group for the Independent Petroleum Association of America 




 David Bowie's "Space Oddity" is about drug addiction. 




 What would kids do without the internet to complain about their moms? 




 That's ignorant. It's called inline skating now. 




 I legit am telling you the truth with this story:
Once when I had never cooked anything besides microwave popcorn and toast, my gf and I had a craving for mozerella cheese sticks. Instead of going out, we decided to try to make them.  We filled up a pot of oil and put it on the stove to boil.  Then we lifted the lid and it shoots up in flames!  Now we should have just put the lid back on and removed it from the heat, but instead we did this: We called the fire department and ran outside.

Now the fire department can and a fireman went into the kitchen while we watched through the window.  This is what we saw him do: He picked up the flaming pot of oil and brought it over to the sink and turned the faucet on.  It was like this gif.  Fortunately the fireman was wearing a protective suit, but the ceiling was toasted.  Suffice to say, my gf did not get her deposit back  for the apartment.

I was pretty shocked to see this, because I really thought this would be the first thing they teach you NOT to do in firefighter school. 




 Follow this comment thread up.  It started with
 Holy shit, make your kids exercise

So we are talking about general health and weight control. It doesn't make any sense to talk about either of those things without mentioning nutrition. Get with the program. 




 I enjoy sleeping in bed as well. 




 You being downvoted shows the ignorance of the average reader here.  Of course it is the CONTENT of the food.  Nutrition is really important for weight loss and overall good health.  Not all calories are equal.  If you eat buttloads of sugar you aren't getting any nutrition and you will still be hungry and will eat more food.  If you eat a well-balanced wholesome meal you will feel satiated for longer. 




 This is why you don't ask people on the Internet to validate your dreams.  No one knows how it will work out for him and no one can tell him if it's a good idea or not.  I'm sure people thought Bill Gates was nuts dropping out of Harvard. Not that everyone who quits their job or drops out of school is going to be as successful as Gates or Tarantino, but the thing is, no one knows. 




 Source on permanent vision damage?  I don't think LSD is a miracle drug and I've had good and bad trip, but I think you are parroting an urban legend here. 




 lol dae women are terrible? 









 A giant tattoo across a man's entire front torso that was not professionally done that read **"I am a sadistic pig and a rapist"**  Strangest thing I've ever seen. 




  There is no way chicken will magically make you lose more weight than a well-planned plant based diet, especially not if you do not exercise.

That's true, and I was never arguing otherwise.  But she is acting on the advice of her doctor, however wrong that advice is. The language of "betrayal" also implies that eating vegan is some kind of team, or worse, a religion where we try to win "converts". We shouldn't be so emotionally invested in our dietary choices that we feel personally attacked when someone decides to try something else. 




 Have you tried Linux Mint? 




 Saying it's a betrayal is making the issue entirely about him, when it's really about his wife and her health. 




 Well, you COULD feel angry and upset, it's understandable.  But is it useful?  Not really.  I think you are taking it personally when it really has nothing to do with you.  Your wife isn't betraying you, she's just responding the circumstances in her life (however misguided her reasoning may be).  Have you talked to her about other strategies for reducing her carb intake WITHOUT reverting to animal consumption?  You and your wife should be on the same team here, and that team's goal is for you both to have good health.  Also, maybe she needs a better doctor. 




 They say that in the game! Upvote! 




 True.. but let's celebrate the milestones along the way, while staying focused on the big goals. This is good news! 




 I doubt this problem is exclusive to psychology. 




 I want to share this with people on facebook. Can you provide your sources please or at least point me in the right direction? Thanks. 




 rekt 




 Every thread!!! 




 Found the vegan! 









 Also, one might argue that just having the product and wearing it is helping to promote it, because it's kind of like an advertisement for leather boots if you are wearing them. 




 Smoke. 




 r/uberdrivers/ 




 Now I don't know what to think. 




 I believed you, and then I saw you were telling the truth. 




 Please let us know what else you are able to watch despite the dead pixel on your TV. 




 Yes, it's good to stay hydrated.  Studies show that 100% of people benefit from drinking water. 




 Lovely shade of blue. 




 Still relevant today. 




 Sometimes it's only the court jester who is able to speak what everyone else is thinking but afraid to say. 




 I love [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmVadrAg35Q).

The Court Jester is able to speak the truths that none of the wisemen can. 




 I've only played golf one time.  It was ok. 




 Well, that's a relief. 




 Not bad. Thanks for asking! 









 If you use quotes, you get a web forum where they are discussing if author John Milton wrote *himself* into Paradise Lost as Satan. 




 That is mildly interesting, I suppose. 




 Hi. How are you? 




 This is correct, and there are a myriad of other ways that karma manifests itself.  Smiling at someone can set off a ripple effect of subtly improved moods that eventually circle round and come back to you. 




 Thanks! Please let me know when it's ready! 




 This looks awesome! Thanks you. 




 Neat.  I do not have a brother. 




 Karma: Turning redditors into parrots. 




 I have read much of the Hebrew Bible.  Yes, there are some thing that sound fucked up in there, but most people do not take them literally.  There are many ways to interpret these texts.  Most jews that I know practice peace, charity, and [Tikkun olam](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tikkun_olam) (the practice of "reparing the world") .  Judaism is one of the least understood religions, because they don't make any effort to proselytize, and they only bother to explain things to people who ask.  Because of this, people have been misinterpreting the religion for centuries.

[Here are some awesome jews who are wholly against Zionism](http://www.truetorahjews.org/).  Remember, the first Zionists where all secular and didn't make any sort of religious claims.  Some Zionists have tried to use religious arguments to manipulate religious jews into supporting their cause.  They have deliberately conflated Zionism and Judaism. Please don't do the same thing.  




 My vision is to join or start a self-sufficient community designed around the principals of permaculture, such as diversity, integration, creative response to change, etc.  I practice yoga and meditation almost everyday to aid in my personal transformation.  I'm skilled at organizing people, inspiring others, and conveying a vision.

What I am lacking are some practical skills for operating a self-sufficient community.  Particularly, I'm looking for hands on experience with designing and setting up a sustainable permaculture food garden/farm/forest.  My ideal situation would be to live and work on an operating or developing farm for several months, with some formal lessons to lay a foundation of understanding.  I do not have thousands of dollars to spend and I'm hoping for a work/study arrangement.

Please, if you know of a place like this, ideally in CA, OR, or WA, let me know!  This is not a passing whim, but something I see as integral to my life's/soul's progression.

Also, what actions can I be taking right now to prepare myself for something like this?  Thank you!! 









 These sick fucks have zilch to do with Judaism. 




 Yelling doesn't make your argument any stronger. Calm down! You were responding to OP who stated that is a travesty that many young black men are in prison for MINOR drug charges, to which you objected.  I was replying to you in light of OPs statement.

But while we are at it, IMHO, if drugs were dealt with in a sensible manner, dealers wouldn't be severely penalized either unless they were pushing to kids or engaged in violent behaviour.  It's a transaction between consenting adults about what to put in their own bodies.  Why don't we throw all the pharmaceutical pushers in jail?  These are actually the most abused drugs. 




 WTF does being vegan have to do with what you are talking about, doc? 




 -Socially Awesome Penguin 




 Wow, that looks easy!  And delicious. 




 Most people are there for only possession, not distribution.  And yes, it IS a travesty for society to treat people who are suffering from addiction like absolute crap and offer them no medical assistance at all.  Prisons are NOT drug free environment and many people begin using there.  Drug use and abuse should be considered a public health issue, not a criminal issue. 




 I did too, but I don't remember it now. 




 You might say that no one or nothing is ever fun, just the experience of that person or thing that is fun.  Or you might not. 




 I also have a couch. 




 Careful, you're making it sound too *interesting*. 




 Oh. 









 Do you like toast? I enjoy toast. 




 Cool. 




 Tin foil usually comes in rolls, inside a box. 









 Mugwort unquestionably gives me more vivid and intense dreams. 




 So are the Ferguson ones. 




 Right, it's like some people seem to be offended if you don't drop to their level of depression when you interact with them.. 




 I'll try, and I don't make any guarantees, but these things definitely helped me.

1. Realize that only you can make yourself happy.  Stop looking outside of yourself for that perfect person/job/situation to change your life.
2. Meditate. Learn to quiet your mind and get in touch with your truest self.
3. Exercise everyday.  Get addicted to endorphins.  A healthy mind follows a healthy body.
4. Make lists of things you are grateful for.  Use these things to cultivate a feeling of well-being and practice holding this feeling for as long as possible each day.
5. Aim to please yourself, not other people. 




 I have. AMA. 




 Can't someone be both happy and peaceful and relaxed?  Also, can't a happy person have dealt with shit in the past and gotten through it? 




 Use the save button. 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Celebratory_gunfire 




 Linux Mint is pretty great. 




 He meant this usage:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/State_within_a_state 




 I agree.  One could say both CYOA books and text adventure games are both forms of IF. 




 Hint: look at troll's overall comment karma 



















 Return to the breath.  It is a practice.  Overtime you will gain an increased ability to focus through meditation.  Whenever you find your mind has strayed, accept that without judgement and simply return to the breath. 




 Ok, I should have said nicotine use. 




 I bet your reaction would be different if it were a dude. "Drama queen"?  Your misogyny is showing. 




 I was taking this from the article:

 If youre a little hazy on the meaning, it means to inhale and exhale the vapor produced by an electronic cigarette device, which are themselves also sometimes known as vapes. The word was coined as a way of distancing the act of e-smoking from the act of smoking combustible tobacco cigarettes, the OED said in a statement today.

But from the [OED's blog](http://blog.oxforddictionaries.com/press-releases/vape-named-oxford-dictionaries-word-year-2014/):
*vape*, verb
Inhale and exhale the vapour produced by an electronic cigarette or similar device

*vape*, noun
 An electronic cigarette or similar device; an act of inhaling and exhaling the vapour produced by an electronic cigarette or similar device

At least it does say "or similar device" *cough cough* cannabis vaporizer. 




 this is probably true, but still the definition is somewhat incomplete. I have been using the word to refer to vaporizing cannabis for years and I'm sure others do as well. 




 Iguana (reptilian) Secret Intelligence Service. 




 It's just too bad the definition seems to refer only to tobacco use.  I guess including other herbs would be too controversial.  Either that or they were paid by eCig makers to do this. 














  To force companies to include certain messages, knowing full well that people have an irrational fear of the thing these messages are informing of is a blatant violation of companies right to commercial free speech.

The purpose of labels is to educate.  Laws shouldn't be made based on assumptions of how people will react to education.  This line of thinking is directly from the industry.  They are afraid of losing business because of people "irrational" fear of GMOs, but whether or not those fears are irrational is irrelevant.  If industry is so proud of their product it is there job to present their side to consumers.  It is consumers' right to do their own research and come to their own conclusions.  Without labels people cannot make informed decisions about what to buy and what industry practices they want to support.  I'm sure there are many people who think GMOs are the best thing since sliced bread and will buy them specifically because they are GM.  This is their right as well.

Now, exactly what constitution statute are you referring to?  You can't possibly be suggesting that it's a 1st amendment violation.  That is really laughable.  Denying people access to information is protecting "free speech"?  Be honest, that argument is spurious at best. 




 Don't harp on people for thinking critically.  Why do you feel it's better to blindly accept a narrative of a stranger on the internet than of the government? 




 We did it guuuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiissssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 




 no... they are both disgusting. 




 I agree completely, you jackdaw. 




 You can rent the documentary online here:
https://vimeo.com/ondemand/culturehigh 




 Let's see if this gets any traction on r/science. 




 It's more than just a marketing term.  It is a [USDA standard](http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?contentidonly=true contentid=organic-agriculture.html).  You might argue that standard has been watered down by industry lobyists, but it IS a standard. 




 I think upwards of 90% of situations are worsened when police are added to the equation.  When will people learn this? 




 Let's get to the bottom of this nonesense.  There is a pandemic of police brutality.  Sociopaths with badges and guns.  Are these people being systematically put into these positions or is it just that these types of people are attracted to the power they afford?  Either way, something needs to be done. 




 Yes, it's totally "asinine" that people should be be able to make informed decisions about what to purchase and put in their own bodies and what industry practices they want to support. /s 




 Ahh! Get away from me you mongrel! 
























