 You struggle with reading... but it's okay! This is the planetside  community, who gives a fuck? Spew stupid statements everywhere!!!! 




 Esf makes decision to run anti armor just like tanks can make the decision to run AA as secondary... 




 Skill is also a huge factor... banshee missed a bunch of shots ... 




 Thanks, the eggs and fruit sound interesting. Overnight oats.... I'll have to look that up haha.  




 Breakfast has been my main downfall in my diet. I wake up at 6am, and I don't have very much time, or motivation to make breakfast at that time, so I grab something quick like cookies and milk, or a toaster strudel. 

I don't like the food TBH, and I want to eat something healthier, but can't think of anything that won't take long and much effort to prepare. What do you eat for breakfast? 




 Could be even attempting to fight a pilot with 10x the hours while he is running any locks and you can rename your character to rekt 




 Do you have log files containing server crash logs? 




 You might as well not waste time making them unlockable.... Atleast if it will take THAT many kills... There aren't even 100,000 people playing this shit show. 




 Spigot will give you a performance boost, but it won't be something crazy. Using flatfiles is generally better than sql databases, and you get better performance with them.

Performance is hugely based on the way your plugins are coded. If you have anything custom coded by an inexperienced deceloper, that may be your biggest performance hit.
 




 Take some time to read through the stickied posts. They have a lot of information.

If you have any specific questions, please ask 




 Aod? They can kill in a 1v1? 




 Would love to 1v1 you some time :) 




 Well then... locking have failed miserably... coyotes for example are 1k certs, but obviously any new player can afford those...

New players don't learn shit from lockons, and when aces use them, we shit on every newbie pilot either way.

All lockons should simply be removed from the game. That's it... removed :O 
 




 Yup u are a brain dead moron. Unless you play on Briggs your shitty little PPA esf will get destroyed in seconds by any competent pilot, or you will get shut down by 1 flak source. 




 The lib was never buffed? Unless you call adding a few shitty weapons no one used anyways a buff... 




 I don't understand how the SOE dev team works.... When the majority of pilots complain about something being broken, like a2a missles, or coyotes, nothing happens, yet when a minority or majority of ignorant infantry complain about something like the banshee, it is immediately nerfed?

The air game has been shit forever.... The constant gank squads of 4-5 ESFs running lockons ruins the experience, not to mention the fact that AA can kill an ESF as fast as an assault rifle can kill infantry. Why are the real problems being ignored?

Its a problem on every server, and on every continent, yet appeasing infantry is more imporant than fixing 1/3 of the game. The pilots have been ignored, are being ignored, and will be ignored. 




 One competent burster max, sky guard, or aa turret is enough to scare off ESF's... 




 Since capitalism... 




 Referring to the tree in my pants?.... No....? No?....... Okay :( 




 I feel like this video explains my opinions:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ela3ChTzFcA 




 I don't think an icon is needed. We have a count of enemy forces on the map. Just add another counter for air, an one for tanks. That way players can see how much infantry, air, and ground vehicles there are 




 Why does it make sense that ESF's die faster than infantry in 24-48 fights? Why cannot pilots enjoy battles too? I understand that from an infantry point of view ESFs can be OP if there is only 1 person trying to counter 2-3 of them, but 1 burster max can easily scare away if not kill a solo ESF.

G2A locks only kill a2a pilots trying to kill ground farmers. Maybe I should try farming the ground instead of going for enemy ESF's? 




 I don't ruin good fights, unless you count saving my fellow ESF's. I only play A2A on my new char: rainnnfall. 




 I am talking about just coming NEAR a 48 person fight.... Anywhere within 100m 




 I started to write a nice little thread, pointing out the flaws and possible solutions to the problem with AA not just from the perspective of a pilot, but of an average infantry player, and I realize there is no point.

I challenge any game developer to pull an ESF, and attempt to engage anything within 1 hex of a 48+ fight. Oh, and maintain a KDR of at least 1 for 1 hr.  




 Unfortunately, flak is everywhere, and can shoot across a hex or 2. 




 It's designed to be a deterrent, but it's a killer for any ESF in a dogfight. 




 The seat number was his... 




 The devs don't fly..... Ever... 




 Oh that's weird... When I tap anything with my ESF it just explodes. 




 Fairly good quality video. I find it kind of ironic that infantry claims flak is UP, when you can get kills that fast. To be fair, those air vics were sort of beat up, but flak is very powerful, you just got to know how to use it. 




 Sorry, forgot to talk to you. Add me on skype: train_subject9554 and send me a message 




 It's as updated as I can get it. Then again, apple products are shit anyways. 




 These cars are going to be a disaster. Our GPS systems still take us on nice long trips in circles rather than get you to highways. 




 The problem is that you don't make progress as fast as you should for directives. 




 What if this bug will never get fixed because It forces ppl to use implants? 




 Since the release of directives this problem seems to have increased. The last person to do damage to a target should not get the kill. I propose that the player who did the most damage to the target gets the kill.

Why wasn't this the system in place since the beginning? 




