 Hmm salty bacon 




 My mom suffers from migraine, it started just having it once a month, then once a week, then more, and now she has it every two days. And when she has it, she's laying in bed for at least day.

Just two weeks ago she hit rock bottom and took a bunch of pills because she just couldnt take it anymore... she literally has no life. I'm super happy that she woke my dad up because she regretted doing it. They went to the hospital and pumped her stomach. I am still fuming with anger. It just feels so weird that she made that decision and i want to help her but i cant stop being mad at her. Event though i know i'm not helping her with it.  




 Harry motherfucking Potter, that shit was literally magical... still waiting for that letter from Hogwarts though.... 




 PSV, Depay = Dutch hope for the future 3 




 Love the black and blue hat... 




 I have no clue who "vision" is, but i'm psyched.  




 I want to mix it with a coke... 




 Have you seen Hollands Hoop? Its just a Breaking Bad ripoff with weed instead of meth...  




 This season is just amazing... its what i've hoped it to be when i started watching season 1.  




 Haha for me it still sounds silly, didn't know the band but it sounds like a parody to me. Its exactly what i meant, Dutch people who try to sound tough... just doesn't work.  




 Then who's the sorry bastard who gets chopped up in a million pieces like robot Frieza...  




 I have to stop cutting onions while watching this kind of stuff..  




 Its just a way of acting that we do in movies, it feels like they're acting like they are in a play instead of a movie... don't know how to describe it better, but everything is just so, exaggerated, the talking the hand gestures everything just feels so fake. I'm not talking about this movie though, haven't seen it :P
 




 Never had Froot Loops, but they look disgusting... 




 I don't know what it is, but Dutch movies are so cringeworthy, i'm Dutch myself but people who try to sound tough in Dutch sound so silly.   




 I'd exchange it for Russian rubles... 




 Its legal here (Living in the Netherlands) i just never understood the fun of it... Maybe thats why it works here, it just takes the edge off your teenage acts of rebellion. Booze works though. 




 *sigh* Clash of Clans  




 "HEART HEARt HEArt Heart heart hear hea he h...." 




