 it makes sense. kind like how suboxone works for me. 




 yeah i'm not expecting much from these but thought i might as well try them. my tolerance is about 60-80mg hydro 




 well it can't be worse coming off of than hydroodone? 




 ok for sure thanks!! what's the buzz like? 




 I probably can if i wanted to. i live in kinda a cutty place though.  I have a ton of suboxone and will eventually do the subs but for the time being i want to have a bit of fun and never tried tramadol. 




 ok cool. thanks for the heads up. i'm gonna start low obviously. not sure what mgs they will be prescribing me.
 




 ah ok well i havent in the past. 




 fucking ehhh man!! i wish i was in your fucking shoes right now!! en fucking joy!!! haha sorry for all the swears but i had to emphasize my excitment!!
 




 ok so if anyone has been somewhat following any of my recent posts, I basically was cut off from a 120 a month norco script that I was on for over a year. I was able to come to a comprimise with my doctor and she is going to give me ultram to help with my withdrawls.  what can i do with this stuff? i have avoided it in the past due to reading that it can cause gnarly seizsures.  should I take a chance on this stuff and is it any fun?? 




 how much do norcos go for in your neck of the woods?  They just seem really hard to come by nowadays. 




 no problem hah 




 Haha swim is not necessary around here fyi 




 oh i know that. you would have to consum a lot of poppyseeds to test positive on a pee test.   




 I don't know why i got a bit worried when i ate a poppyseed bagel the night before a pee test. Nothing happened obviously but i just kept thinking about that Seinfeld episode haha 




 not bad, just desparate haha
 




 i bet you are right. what is crazy is doc tried to start me on 8mg strips 2 times a day!! i stuck with 1 8mg strip a day. 




 hahahaha best story ever!! love it. 




 Yeah i guess so. Like i said first time for me on subs so i hope i didn't somehow blowout my opiate receptors lol 




 What i meant was that before subs 4 norcos would get me started good 




 Yep. I stopped at 10.  Its like  4 pills equal. 2 pills etc.  I can always take 4 and feel it nicely. I just don't want to waste my pills to not really achieve anything 




 I mran i can feel them but on day 3 still no warm euphoria like before the subs. I'm honestly getting kinda scared  




 8mgs for 5 days with no prior sub experience.  I feel the norcos but its like half as powerful as before subs 




 so i started on subs a week ago.  lasted a week but had a ton of norco so 2 days ago i took some.  i waited about 30 hours for it to be out of my system.  Problem is that its not hitting me the same as it did before I took subs.  I know the whole thing about the bupe blocking your opiate receptors and it could take a bit for real opiates to work.  Its now friday afternoon and i last dosed my subs at 11am tuesday.  Do I need to keep waiting or are my receptors just fried??  I hope I can still get somewhat high again.  I am a noob to subs but not to opiates. 




 jump in front of a car.  i am actually serious with that.  its going to be really hard to get any legit scripts from now on. 




 yep its coming down to it now where its really going to be hard unless you are a parapalegic or dying of cancer to get anything more than 30 5/500 vicodin.  i have posted a few things on this sub lately warning people after what happened to me about how hard its going to get but nobody really seems like that they want to believe that that is what is really going to happen. 




 same thing basically happened to me but i got completely cut off.  I had an appoinment yesterday with a "pain phychiratrist"  and she said that about 8-10 years ago it was fairly easy to get opiates prescribed from your doctor but in just the last year or 2 they have really been tightening up and its only going to be harder to get legal dope. she cited the obvious reasons - the DEA and all the dumbass famous people that couldnt handle their shit that is all in the media BUTTT  she also said that there have been recent studies showing that opiates do not really help for long term pain unless you are really old/have cancer its going to be near impossible and the fact that I am 32 not 62 makes it a lot harder for me to acquire those meds. that is basically what she told me.  She was really nice, straightforward and honest so I have no reason not to believe what she told me. 




 Yes me too. Let's hope that shit is true though.   If your insurance pays for your subs your doctor will probably find out  that is why i went somewhere else to get my subs 




 I just started on subs last week. Not through my insurance i went to a private clinic.  The lady said it would be confidential because of the HIPAA law 




 ok good to know. i'm just going to keep it up at least until my meeting on tuesday.  the doctor said he was giving me so much at first for cravings so you are correct. 




 i just started on subs this week too.  the doc wants me to take 2 8mg strips daily.  I thought that was overkill so i have been doing some experimenting on my dosages.  I am only 3 days in but i still feel nausea, headache and tired.  I hear that after 5 or so days this should go away? I feel like the side effects are outweighing the good effects. 




 thats the plan to wait as long as possible so i don't waste the pills. 




 haha it all depends on your tolerance. i remember when 2 norcos were nod time for me!! 




 Me too and I'm only on my third day haha. They have been great for withdrawals for sure though  




 I guess i am but it's not a good high. 




 i put myself on them. 




 Nausea. Headache.  Sleepy.  Basic side effects  




 headache, almost threw up, nausea.  basic side effects I guess. 




 yep i had crazy good self control for months when i was getting 120 norcos a month.  i kinda binged the last couple months though haha. 




 lol they gave me 16mg the 1st day!!. i'm on my 3rd day and taking maybe 4mg tops.  the subs seem to make me want my DOC less (norco) but the side effects are not fun.  apparently they should subside in several days?? 




 sounds like a good plan! 




 thats kinda what i want to do haha. i'm about 2 days in.  i don't have the craving for my norcos like I used to but the side effects of the subs really suck!! 




 just started on subs but still have a stockpile of these.   




 i started up on subs about 2 days ago. 




 [IMG]http://i42.tinypic.com/14cw30y.jpg[/IMG] 




 I know but at the same time they are so relentless talking about DEA and Obamacare that I am not going to be able get through to these people meaning that I need to get out of this program totally. 




 "any doctor who knows anything about pain though will know that opioids are a fundamental part of any good pain management"   LOL tell that to the pain mgmt doctor that I was referred to!!!  he is the reason that I now have NO form of opiate medication when I had it prescribed for 4 years.  

 




 Well i took my first ever dose today.  I waited close to 30 hours since my last opiate.  The doctor wanted me to take a whole 8mg strip. I thought that was too much so i cut it in half and they had me sit in a room for a while then i took the second half.  To be honest i thought id either get really sick or really buzzed. Neither of those 2 have happened yet and its been over 2 hours.  




 awesome man thanks for the input!! i will keep you updated!  




 looks like something i left in my toilet this morning. 




 ok thanks. so at this point i don't get a euphoria any more with my habit. i do feel good though. what can I possibly expect from subs as far as how i feel on it? i know everyone's experience is different but how did the subs make you feel?
 




 ok good to know. i am on the same page as you being that a small dose goes just as far as a large dose when it comes to subs.
 




 ok cool. thanks for sharing. that is basically what i have found so far. I will tell the doctor on tuesday to be gentle haha. but he should know how much to give me because I will be doing an interview beforehand telling a person my habit/tolerance.  once again thanks again!! i am still a bit nervous to start on subs. 




 thanks! i will. like i said its a monkey on my back that i will always most likely have unless i have some kind of "crutch" like suboxone.  but fuck it. if subs work then that would be awesome. 




 meaning to give me just a tiny bit since the research that I have done so far leads me to believe that a small amount of sub goes a long way.
 




 yes that is what i am going to tell them when they induce me.   




 so this week I am waving the white flag and going to try suboxone after having my doctor cut me off after prescribing me opiates for about 5 years.  I have been using around 10 norcos daily for the last 6 months.  I have heard people say that subs might be a bit too much for my habit but i really don't know what to do as I will soon be out of norcos with no script anymore.  both of my parents and a lot of my family have died from drugs so the addiction and craving is pretty instilled in me.  thinking subs might help with that.  thoughts?!?!  thanks!! 




 yep i fully agree with you that opiates should be used for depression. but i'm not holding my breath on that one haha.  that would be awesome though.  Well since I got cut off my plan on tuesday is to just put up the white flag and get on suboxone.  i am just sick and tired of playing the game with my doctor and sometimes going to the streets since my tolerance has gone up.  I got screwed but fuck it.  Just hope that people will take heed to my warning even if they are set up with a cushy doctor like I was.   




 lol for sure. do what you gotta do.   




 honestly I just wish they could prescribe opiates for depression!! I have been on Paxil for about 12 years and i feel like it does jack shit.  but the minute I take a pain pill i'm a new person.  and to top it off it does alleviate my physical pain as well when I can take all the ibuprofen in the world and that won't cut it.  I am definatly mentally and physically addicted to pain meds and have to qualms admitting that.  yes I am tired of playing the whole doctor game and i guess being cut off could be a good thing in the end for me possibly.  also the big head honcho pain doc doesn't even adhere to MRI's  he told me you take 10 normal people, MRI them and 9/10 will come back with some kind of damage.  This guy was a complete piece of fucking work. 




 dude not a problem at all. it takes a lot to offend me and trust me you didn't haha.  I have a tolerance now, obviously so when I take my meds I don't feel "high" just about normal.  I am i think about in the same boat as you where its a fine line between using them for what they are intended for or just strictly for recreation.  also I am not trying to scare you but i was in your exact doctor situation and it happened to me so I guess always have a back up plan if you plan on staying on opiates for a while. 




 I am going to try and get on MediCal. only problem is that I can't until the end of the year I think, January at the earliest. 




 Yes I do.  I have some pretty severe sports injuries to both of my ankles that do require surgery. at least that is what a podiatrist in my town told me when I visited him.  You can physically see how gnarled and distorted my feet are. I had an MRI done about 5 years ago and you could see the internal damage and I am sure that my ankles have just gotten worse since then.  I will admit though I love opiates and the way they make me feel, I am addicted. So maybe this is the wake up call I need to get off of them even though I have legit pain. 




 ok sounds like you are set up good!! that is nice. but just remember i had my same doc for 5 years. trusted her like family she would even hug me at the end of every appointment and tell me how i'm on of her favorites. I have sent her flowers, etc.  not trying to be a buzzkill whatsoever, just telling you to stay on your toes cause I really never thought it would happen to me in my situation.  I guess always have a back up plan?? haha i dunno.  I was trying to go about obtaining opiates the straight way and got stung in the end. 




 ok the only problem is that I have Kaiser insurance right now.  I can't just switch docs under my Kaiser insurance because any doctor working under Kaiser will see that it was recommended that I be cut off of my monthly script (120 norcos) so I don't think I could even stay with Kaiser.  I could try to change insurances and completely get out of Kaiser (which I plan on doing sooner or later) but in the time being paying out of pocket with no insurance is not going to be fun.  So I am just kind of stuck in a rough place because even if I tried to get new medical insurance today it still would take probably months for it to kick in. I live in California if that makes any difference.   




 so what are you doing about your situation now? 




 like i said they did mention the DEA too but yep its pretty shitty. I'm sure i'm not the first victim of this bullshit and definately not the last!! i am just warning everyone out there that this did happen to me and this is factual information that was relayed to me from the doctors I dealt with recently after going from 120 10/325 norcos a month to nothing.......  I wish it wasnt the truth but sadly it is.   




 Cannot agree with you more  brother!!! 




 I fully agree.  I feel like it was a way out or an excuse to cut me off 




 Thanks man!! I am just so fucking upset still though.  I trusted my doctor like family  




 Yeah its Kaiser  Northern California they are extremely nazish about opiates.  Look em up if you feel like it 




 I pretty much did and that is essentially what she said DEA. So yeah im over her and needed advice on a new doctor  




 jei do have mris. Ligaments and tendons wrecked to hell.  She specifically cut me off for the reasons i stated before.   She referred me to pain mgmt and their head doc said right off the bat no more narcotics.  My prescribing doctor is in love with this guy so the second he put in the recommendation she adhered.  All i really heard was a lot of talk about the DEA and obamacare. These are simply facts, shitty ones at that but that is what transpired that day. 




 "A real doctor writing prescriptions for legitimate reasons/patients has nothing to fear." 

you would think, right!?!?!  especially a pain mgmt doctor right!??!?! not in my case sir, not in my case.   




 its all good. but the fact is that I got cut the fuck off and obamacare/dea was the chief excuse.   hopefully it's not as bad as we think it will be but you have been warned. 




 I guess we'll just have to wait.  these are facts and exactly what I was told by real doctors so it's just a head's up.  Even if the doctors I have been dealing with are using it as an excuse to cut me off even though I have never showed signs of drug seeking. I know I am not the first victim of this shit and it's probably gonna get worse. 




 yes I do.  at least persistant enough to have supposedly been prescribed what I was receiving for several years. funny thing is that I really never even pushed or asked for norcos- she just kind of kept upping it. i started on 5/500 vics.    




 and also. for people with legit opiate scripts like myself:  what do you plan on doing since the DEA and the whole ObamaCare thing is going to REALLY REALLY start fucking us over very soon???  I bring this up because that is what every doctor I have dealt with in the last 2 weeks has told me.  This shit is about to get fucking real I think.
 




 Oh yeah. FUCK KAISER PERMANENTE!!! they are nazis.  if anyone here has them, do not take your chances if you are trying to get any kind of opiate!!! 




 In my last post I told everyone how i was cut off by my doctor.  I have been scripted 120 10/325s for about 2 years now. I am under Kaiser Permanente northern california. She has been wanting me to do the Kaiser pain program for about 8 months telling me how good the head doctor is and how much she respects him.  I thought ok if she is referring me to a pain program I should be set right?!?!  Big mistake.  It took me about 2 months just be seen but when I went to my appointment he walks in and immediately says you need to stop taking norco.  he then berates me for about 20 mins about how much pain he has had for the last 30 years and he only takes about 4 percocet a month.  anyways i knew that i was fucked when he said he wanted me cut off since my regular doc that prescribes me the norcos looks up to this guy.  After that i have my app with her and she is like yep, you are done.  Most fucked up thing is she told me verbally more than once that when I got into this pain program that they would "at least start me on some low dose oxycontin"  I cannot believe what dirty shit was pulled on me.  I have had the same primary doctor for over 5 years and she was basically family to me.  She would always hug me and tell me I was one of her favorites.  Anyways my question is, I am thinking of ditching Kaiser all together and trying to get onto something like Medical.  I have proof I have been scribed the norcos for several years.  How hard would it be to get a new doctor to carry over that script?  Is it worth trying?  It's not like i'm coming out of the blue asking for them so I would think I have a bit of an advantage but just want to know everyone's thoughts. THANKS!!!!!
 




 thanks man. the reason why i brought up subs is that I aknowledge that i am physically and mentally addicted to opiates.The small amount of research that I have done leads me to believe that it helps with your mental cravings for opiate which I need to address. Even if i was to taper off the norcos that would work but would probably not do shit to stop me from craving them mentally.  I dunno though...... 




 i just found it right after i submitted this post!! haha thanks. i need to pay more attention.  




 i have had withdrawls before when I had to stop taking a smaller dose in the past. it sucked but wasn't the end of the world.  Obamacare is what he is blaming this on.  I get 120 a month but I usually take up to 8 a day ( i know i know haha)  i went to suboxone.com and found several docs in my area.  i guess i will just call around tomorrow and tell them my situation and if its even logical to do?  i couldn't really find anything on the site that was specific about how much you take or what you take pertaining to if suboxone would help that.  I will admit that I am physically and mentally addicted though so I thought this could work. thanks for the input.
 




 so I just found out today that my doctor who has had me on norco for the last 4 years wants to to quit cold turkey and is cutting me off. this really sucks but it's something I guess I have to deal with.  How do I go about obtaining a suboxone script and is this the best option to help me? I mentioned it to her and she kinda wrote me off, i don't think she was in a good mood.  I am on about 6-8 10mg Norcos.  thanks guys.   




 Anyone in the 530 area?  I have no connections here  




 how is the interaction with soma and hydrocodone?  yay or nay?   




