 Your mighty Range Rover was defeated by what's it called, bamboo ?
 




 I think the 13'' is fine for your needs. However, as you're going to work with Photoshop/After Effects the bigger screen would be better but it's your decision 




 never miss an [episode](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Top_Gear_episodes) 




 definitely, it uses the same engine as the gallardo/r8 5.2 V10 




 No issues with the update ? 




 The ABT Audi RS6 has 5.2 V10 and 700hp and reaches 340KM/h. Imagine a station wagon faster than a Lambo !  




 An M3 is an M3  




 In the bookmarks bar the websites are not loader it's just their name. Pinned sites means exactly that, loaded websites but as you see them frequently they're pinned so they're less intrusive  




 Why not an external hard drive ? 




 It's pcie since the first retina MacBook Pro 2012  




 The iOS 9 in the iPhone 4s runs like a charm 




 Take it to an Apple Store  




 I think you'll only benefit 16gb ram if you really need it. The 2015 also has better battery and the new trackpad  




 The price of the maxed 13" MacBook is almost the same as the base 15" I think it's worth it  




 Light Mac desktop only a Mac mini  




 I guess only time will tell 




 yeah I know 




 Sure is but I never heard a person with a 13in rMBP saying it is heavy and difficult to carry everyday in a backpack 




 That's definitely not normal ! Take it to an Apple store 




 he was convinced the P1 was faster 




 I'd love to see which one was the fastest around the track .. We'll never know 




 You have a good excuse :D I was thinking that ! In that case you have to check if your tweaks are working in the latest firmware. 




 you can only update to 8.4 or 9 beta
Can I ask you why are you not updating the iPhone ? 




 it's not possible, it's possible the other way round though 




 iFunBox 









 If he's considering the 15" of course he can afford the extra ram  




 Macs don't write to NTFS drives by default  




 Tuxera is essential if you want to write to NTFS drives  




 Hyperdock should be built in. When you have multiple windows of the same application you have to right click on the icon on the dock and choose the window you like, with it it's faster and doesn't require any clicks  




 Your mighty Range Rover was defeated by what's it called, bamboo ? 




 I know and it saves a lot of battery  




 It's okay :) I just prefer the bigger screen and (better) speakers as well as 16gb ram as I have a lot of things running at once  




 Yes but windows users are used to alt+tab and in OSX it doesn't work as they intended it to. Sure there is the correct shortcut
Another thing: if you have 2 windows of the same application running on 2 different spaces, if I want to open a third windows on a different space, I click on the icon on the dock and it doesn't open a new window, it takes me to a random window of the running application   




 alt+tab doesn't switch between windows. Instead, switch between apps 




 I don't do video and the base model is already expensive for me...  




 For me it'd be a main machine. The 15" is definitely a desktop replacement and with  its portability it's a great machine. Sure it's expensive but I'm yet to hear someone that bought one and was unhappy with it. Everyone I know say it's the best computer they have ever owned 




 Yes ! It also smells like brand new  




 only in September maybe  




 13" 2015 model is actually 4 months old, great deal !  




 I have to carry my laptop almost everyday, but I think the slightly bigger and heavier MacBook is worth it. In a backpack it won't be a big difference between the two  




 Wait for the new OnePlus  




 I don't need the dedicated gpu, and 250GB is enough to for me. Need the ram and the cpu is pretty much the same. I believe it flies ! 




 It's the Albanian rozzers! 




 ... It's time to end, thank you very much for watching, good night 




 I agree with you, the end was a bit off the the rest of it was absolutely TopGear! Jeremy wears a tie and says he is not an old truck driver with egg on his shirt and Hammond arrives with egg on his shirt. The modifications to the truck "sports lorry". It was a normal special with a lot of laughs 




 glad i'm not alone 




 don't forget Burma! 




 yes, filmed with a drone. Also from the burma special 




 imagine the g force 




