 I'll just drive. 




 The state graph was to show that STATEWIDE public transportation usage is only about 300k. The Boston graph shows 1/3 of approx 300k daily commuters use public transport (ie. approx 100K). There are about 3 million commuters in the state. The point being that arguments about Millions or even 500K commuters using the MBTA are completely false. If people want to raise the gas tax to pay for the MBTA instead of raising fares, it is pretty relevant that 80% of state commuters drive and far less than 10% use the T. $2.10 to ride from Braintree to Alewife or Oak Grove plus a bus transfer is a pretty outragious deal. 




 Oh well, there are still zipcar, cabs, Uber, and bikes right? 




 I know right? Too funny. 









 Wow, the legal system moves swiftly in Korea. 




 I bet they give up... 




 Those numbers are massively overstated because (from the MBTA)
 Unlinked trips are the number of passengers who board public transportation vehicles. Passengers are counted each time they board vehicles no matter how many vehicles they use to travel from their origin to their destination.

Bus and subway ridership is estimated based on CharlieCard or CharlieTicket or cash transactions on MBTA fareboxes and fare gates. We then adjust for customers who transfer within downtown subway stations or who show their passes to an inspector, or children and others who do not use the fare equipment.). The adjustment is calculated from statistics from studies and inperson ridership counts. Currently, farebox and fare gate information is not 100% real time. It is not immediately available at the end of the month. However, the MBTAs goal is to develop daily real time counts in the future

 In reality only about 300K people use the ANY FORM OF PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION for commuting in Massachusetts. http://i.imgur.com/5Mkdl4f.png
http://i.imgur.com/8j3jG0O.png
UNDENIABLE 100% TRUTH: MBTA riders make up a tiny percentage of the state's daily commuters 




  Unlinked trips are the number of passengers who board public transportation vehicles. Passengers are counted each time they board vehicles no matter how many vehicles they use to travel from their origin to their destination

Bus and subway ridership is estimated based on CharlieCard or CharlieTicket or
cash transactions on MBTA fareboxes and fare gates. We then adjust for
customers who transfer within downtown subway stations or who show their passes to an inspector, or children
and others who do not use the fare equipment.). The adjustment is calculated from statistics from studies and inperson
ridership counts. Currently, farebox and fare gate information is not 100% real time. It is not
immediately available at the end of the month. However, the MBTAs goal is to develop daily real time counts in
the future

I'm directly quoting the MBTA, if they mean each time someone pays a fare it certainly doesn't sound like it. Like I said above, the FEDs say only 300k people commute using public transpo in the whole state.

 




 this is my favorite reddit comment ever 




 Or invest in a fare-by-distance program. 




 1% sales tax increase in Suffolk County dedicated solely to the MBTA, 20% fare hike, MBTA shifted to 401k from pension system. Fare-by-distance program. $5,000 dollar fine for fare jumping. 




 They get paid well. You need to be a resident of the city to have any chance of getting hired. You then will take a test and be ranked by your score (it is very easy). Disabled veterans and veterans will be ranked above you. The list is very long and there are A LOT of disabled vets and vets so if you don't meet those criteria your chances are slim to none. 




 wrong 




 Huh, that's funny, I've done it many times. 




 it's probably counting each ride ie. you get on the green-line, transfer to red, and then take that same way home = 4 "riders" 




 Good on them for actually getting some training and practicing. Just buying a gun for security and not learning to properly employ it is not a wise decision. If you're female and looking to shoot I would try to find reviews of ranges/trainers from female shooters. Some trainers can be kind of patronizing to female shooters and steer them towards ineffective firearms and may focus more on flirting than actually training. 




 They should start crowd funding to test them. Maybe make a website where they post convictions that result from their donations. 




 I don't think standard protocol involves turning over your weapons to a rebel militia. 




 This isn't about facts anymore. It's about feelings.  




 12 million is less than 1% of the MBTAs budget and our state has a 700 million dollar shortfall.  




 they are wrong 
Those numbers are massively overstated because (from the MBTA): Unlinked trips are the number of passengers who board public transportation vehicles. Passengers are counted each time they board vehicles no matter how many vehicles they use to travel from their origin to their destination.
In reality only about 300K people use the ANY FORM OF PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION for commuting in Massachusetts. http://i.imgur.com/5Mkdl4f.png 




 WRONG Those numbers are massively overstated because (from the MBTA): Unlinked trips are the number of passengers who board public transportation vehicles. Passengers are counted each time they board vehicles no matter how many vehicles they use to travel from their origin to their destination.
In reality only about 300K people use the ANY FORM OF PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION for commuting in Massachusetts. http://i.imgur.com/5Mkdl4f.png
 




 Those numbers are massively overstated because (from the MBTA): Unlinked trips are the number of passengers who board public transportation vehicles. Passengers are counted each
time they board vehicles no matter how many vehicles they use to travel from their origin to their destination. 

In reality only about 300K people use the ANY FORM OF PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION for commuting in Massachusetts.
http://i.imgur.com/5Mkdl4f.png 




 In Boston? where the more people commute via cars than mass transit. 80% of commuters in the state drive, 3% use the T. 




 No congestion on the T? Have you ever used the T? More riders means more trains which means more wear and tear. If the 100,000 daily Boston MBTA riders were joined by the 130,000 daily Boston drivers it would destroy the system much more severely than a few storms. The only about 1/3 of MBTA service (excluding debt costs) is covered by fares. There is no reason to assume increased fare receipts would outweigh increased costs associated with more ridership.  




 Egypt, Syria, Libya, Yemen. Remember when everyone was cheering about the Arab Spring? 




 20 cents? Oh gee golly, that would buy you about 500 million. 




 who the fuck is scott baker? 




 It is give and take, but the fact is that the vast majority of people in Massachusetts commute by car, even the majority of people commuting into Boston. Saying "We're gonna raise taxes on 80% of commuters to pay for a service 4% of commuters use" is not the way to get things done. 




 My point was that if you're going to try to sell a revenue program, tying the people who pay for it with the people who benefit is the greatest recipe for success. The repeal may not have won out west, but the index was sold as paying for bridges and highways, not the MBTA.  




 My point was that you cannot say "the T helps drivers by reducing congestion on the roads" without conceding that drivers help the MBTA by reducing congestion on the T. My point about MBTA fares was that raising the gas tax solely to pay for the MBTA would be just as unpalatable for drivers, as raising fares and using the funds to solely pay for roads would be to MBTA riders. Indexing the gas tax would save about a max of 100 mil a year (not all of which would go to the MBTA by the way), whereas my proposal of 1% income tax earmark and 20% fare increase would raise about 300 mil. It would also actually come from the people using the service. Never mind getting the spending on pensions and salary under control. Interestingly, payments for materials, supplies and service rise at 6.3% annually while pensions rise at 8.2% and wages rise at 14.2%. 




 If you think T shutting down for a few days during the worst snowfall in recorded history is going to destroy the state's economy you need to calm down. If you want to tie tolls to the region served, fine by me, but don't think you are going to fix the T's problems with the gas tax price indexing. My point was that tying the revenue to the region that is actually served by the MBTA has a lot more chance of success than selling the idea of a universal tax hike. 




 Only about 1/3 of the MBTA's debt is from the big dig (say 130 mil a year) They take in over 800 million in revenue from the sales tax earmarks they received in exchange for this debt. Interestingly, debt service for the MBTA is falling at about 4.5% a year. Meanwhile materials, supplies and service rise at 6.3%, pensions rise at 8.2%, and wages rise at 14.2% 




 And people driving reduces the burden on the MBTA. Try convincing people in Pittsfield that they should pay more for the MBTA. 20% of ALL STATE SALES-TAX already goes to the the MBTA. Increasing fares and sales tax in Suffolk (and perhaps Norfolk and Middlesex) counties would put the burden on those who most benefit from the MBTA. If the state-highway system begins to fail to meet its obligations, you won't find me arguing about raising tolls, the gas tax, or sales-tax out outlying counties. Would you support raising MBTA fares to pay for highways in western mass? That's a lot what all this gas-index stuff sounds like. Besides, if the legislature wants to raise the gas tax they can do it. 




 Lots of blame being thrown around these days but not a whole lot of solutions. A few basic thoughts: raise sales-tax 1% in Suffolk county with a 100% earmark for the MBTA, raise fares 20%, shift the MBTA to a 401k from a pension. 




 It was not an exaggeration, it was a lie about a first-hand account for personal benefit. A news reporter's number one job is supposed to be truthful reporting of the news. He deliberately reported something that HE KNEW TO BE FALSE. Why are you defending him? 




 Beverly Scott is doing everything she possibly can, Baker said

He wants to reduce the MBTA budget because of the 700 million dollar state budget deficit. He wants to cut 14 million (or less than 1%) of the 1,932 million MBTA budget. 




 Still sore huh?  




 I believe her too, but she doesn't report to Baker.  




 she's trying to save her job 




 wrong here's a picture of a terrorist killed in an airstrike NSWF obviously

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abu_Musab_al-Zarqawi#mediaviewer/File:Zarqawi_dead_us_govt_photo.jpg 




 But all these numbers really tell us is that more people are using marijuana at some point in the days or weeks before they drive. With legalization fully underway in several states, there's nothing surprising about this. 

they don't have an effective measure of "highness" so this study is meaningless. No shit someone who smoked two weeks ago is less dangerous than someone who pounded 10 beers 5 minutes ago. To imply that somehow driving while high is less of an impairment than driving while drunk is irresponsible at best. 




 raise sales-tax 1% in suffolk county with a 100% earmark for the MBTA, raise fares 20%, shift the MBTA to a 401k from a pension 




 You'll never have to wonder if you made a difference for the rest of your life. 




 I think they should just increase MBTA fares 




 I LOL'd 




 maybe?
http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=9a2_1423433645 




 not capitalism, over-regulation 




 Is "cunt" a work no one can say now? 




 As matters now stand, he wrote, we appear to be treating the Jews as the Nazis treated them except that we do not exterminate them.

Hmmm. That appears to be a rather large distinction 




 they've seen what left-wing ideology taken to the extreme gets you 




 You're 100% right 




 I kinda like this guy 




 Damn, that reporter is scared shitless. I don't blame him. 




 In time of war the USA allows the same, after conviction via court-martial 




 Pharrell has aged really well 




 Damn that kid is brave to go in there. 




 It's just an unfortunate truth. It isn't to say that war and rape and the resulting PTSD aren't real (they are and impact TONS of people) but it seems as though the more publicity seeking the "victim" is, the more likely it all turns out to be bullshit. In other words, the "squeaky wheel" is often a liar. Such people do a real disservice to the real victims. 




 Its the new cool thing, men lie about war for attention so they can be part of the PTSD victim class, women lie about college rape for basically the same reason.  




 Honest question, how is medical education financed in the UK? 




 Boston had 40.2 inches in the last 7 days and Worcester had  51.5, anyone know if Worcester broke its 7 day record? 




 As much as as I support all manner of vaccines, I can't help but think that the recent backlash will probably only reenforce the false beliefs that anti-vaxxers already have. The constant "you're stupid," "I hope your kids get sick," "you should be arrested for child abuse," bombardment most likely just hardens people's opinions. Non-judgmental education would probably be much more persuasive....but fuck this is America in the 21st century. What is something worth if you can't call people stupid on facebook. 




 How much should she ask for? 500 dollars? 




 Send them drones. We could have their operators fly them from the USA. Great for targeting artillery, as well as striking GRADs and SAM sites. They're cheap and don't contain tech that is super secret at this point. We'd lose a lot to SAMs but such is life. 




 Make sure to tell the Mayor and your legislative leaders as well

http://www.cityofboston.gov/contact/?id=55
https://malegislature.gov/People/Profile/RAD1
https://malegislature.gov/People/Profile/SCR0 




 look at all those people trying to not interact with anyone 




 Hep C also causes cirrhosis and is very prevalent in the junkie community 




 We should hand out heroin at CVS and ban naloxone. I don't know why taxpayers pay money to save the lives of junkies who we will continue to subsidize until they die of cirrhosis in their 50's. 




 The VAST majority of people the people prescribed opioids legally never become addicted and most addicts did not start with a legal prescription. I have had numerous opioid prescriptions in the past for injuries and surgeries. Never became addicted because I followed doctor's instructions and I'm not a weak bitch (you are correct, some people are  built differently, they're called pussies and they become addicts). I am sincerely glad every time a piece of shit junkie dies because it saves myself and other taxpayers from paying for their bullshit. Its funny, not a single person I have known in my personal life has EVER become an addict, and yet I deal with them professionally every day. If your friends end up junkies it probably reflects on you more than anything else. 




 Neither do I. Don't hang with white-trash townies. 




 Agree 100% 




 Absolutely not. They should assume zero responsibility for this. How about holding the fucking stupid drug addicts responsible for their own actions and not punishing the millions of people with legitimate pain that get relief through opioids every year and have no problem. 




 Batch cut with Fentanyl 




 Does it make you uncomfortable? 




 When I fail I don't make excuses. Perhaps your parents taught you differently. 




 That's not insight, those are meaningless internet credentials from some POG with a sob story and a worthless degree. 




 You sound like you have a lot of experience. Share with me your medical and military insight. 




 Never, I'm not a weak person. Many people are. Women that fuck up something and then blame their period definitely are. 




 Man, this professional athlete was just in that 0.001%? WOW. Now, to be serious here, I agree with you. The majority of women can function just fine on their period. That's a pretty good reason not to blame your failures ON YOUR period. It goes pretty far towards confirming, in the minds of some, negative stereotypes about women. TL:DR if you want to be thought of as an equal don't blame your failure to perform on your menstrual cycle. 




 In real life sometimes desk jockeys have to play soldier too. It would be better to just ban women with a history of PMS altogether.  




 In a test of physical strength that is pretty much universally accepted. Now apparently women are incapable of carrying out their normal duties several days of the month. Good to know.  




 Ure gonna require all women in the military get a shot or implant? I'd be all for that but I can't say I believe most women would. 




 Laws have nothing to do with it. I postulate that while if we removed the consequence for murder, there might be a small increase in homicide but most people would still restrain themselves. If everyone was supposed to self report their taxable income and there were no consequences for lying do you honestly believe there would not be massive fraud? 




 So if she doesn't get her pill she's not going be mission capable? No go. 




 If it was smoking-cessation no one would bat an eye. 




 If it is equal to a medical emergency (testicular torsion) or surgery (vasectomy) and happens every month wouldn't than mean that ovulating women are intrinsically weaker and less fit than men? I wouldn't want to hire/go into combat with/elect someone like that. Besides, this is after the fact. If she had said she wasn't feeling well BEFORE the match and cancelled no one would second guess her. If a man did poorly and then said afterward that he had blue balls or jock itch everyone would laugh at him.  




 Agree 100% 




 This article is framed as a woman, supported by a man, having greater freedom to pursue her passion. This is an issue, however, that isn't really related to gender at all. It is the recognition of the fact that money gives one the freedom to pursue passions that might otherwise fall the wayside. This is something that really needs to be drummed into the heads of kids these days. There is a whole lot of lip service to "Follow your dreams!!" but the reality is that many passions like sports, music, and art rarely turn into a lucrative career. When a middle class kid proclaims that they are going to be a poet, someone shouldn't tell them to pursue it at any cost, but rather encourage them and temper the encouragement with advice to develop a more conventional source of income. If someone wants to be a starving artist, good on them, but it should be made clear from the start that this is what where they are likely to end up if they follow their passion to the exclusion of all others. 




 In Worcester of all places! I think this has to do with overall parking availability. In places where there is always SOMEWHERE you can park so long as you shovel (ie Worcester, Rozzie(?)) space savers may have a place. In areas where parking is ALWAYS severely limited (Southie), it just privatizes a public resources and wastes everyone's time. I wonder if the culture of space savers could date to a time where the parking situation in Southie was more similar to that in Worcester. 




 The same could be said for our system of taxation. That said, I don't believe in space savers....BUT I don't think the only thing that keeps it in place is fear. I won't move a saver after a huge storm because I respect the effort to shovel the space out. If someone just throws it down for a dusting I'll probably move it and park there....though in that case a fear of vandalism does play a role in my decision making.  




 Estimates vary, I was going with a lower estimate of 1 million. Still, it should be noted that the soviets killed about 100000 civilians a year while NATO killed roughly 400 civilians a year with more troops in country (at peak) and achieving a greater degree of success. Something to remember whenever "whataboutism" rears its head. 




 They were/are, I was using the offensive meaning of mongoloid 




 Well during the soviet occupation of Afghanistan roughly 100,000 civilians were killed per year. During the following civil war period roughly 40,000 civilians were killed per year. During the NATO occupation roughly 1,400 civilians were killed per year. Of those, 1/4 were killed by NATO troops. If you were to speculate that without NATO intervention the civil war period would have continued (14X40000)-(14X1400)= you would conclude that over half of a million Afghan civilian lives were saved by NATO intervention. 




 Actually the NATO occupation of Afghanistan has created the most peaceful environment for civilians in Afghanistan in the last 35 years. 




 GI Bill 




 And all this bullshit couldn't stop a couple of mongoloids with a history of extremistism and some fireworks from blowing up the marathon. This shit had nothing to do with public safety and everything to do with control. 




 It would be nice if people just took responsibility to shovel their own shit and not fuck someone over. I spent several hours shoveling out my car in 4-5 ft drifts here in Worcester.  I did NOT leave a space saver. When I came back at the end of the day no one had taken it, but some people had shoveled out new spots for their own cars. Same thing happened again today, no space saver, no one took my spot. I figured pay it forward and shoveled out another space. 




 It only snows in Boston a dozen or so times a year. Africans slaughter each other every day. 




 The funny thing is that in this case the retards that refuse to listen to science are generally a bunch of liberal hippy types.......evolution and climate change on the other hand...bunch of bible nuts. Just shows that most people are morons in their own special way. (not me of course, I'm the exception) 




 I figured out that tweezers fit an outlet at about 2. Lesson learned. OP should remove the guards so his kid can learn. 




 Somebody's GF banged an army guy.... 




 There is a TV show about the women at Bletchley Park on netflix
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Bletchley_Circle 




 Yup, Boston spends more per pupil than Wellesley, Lexington, or Brookline. The truth is that SES and racial educational outcome gaps will never go away until the parenting gap is closed. The parenting gap will never be closed because it is not politically feasible.  




