 Its not, trust me. 




 When I was in 7th grade who had a funny last name, we called him sperm lock insted. He over heard me and a freind laughing about it one day, he called is into his room and told us that if he ever heard is call him that agin he would "tear of our heads and shit down our wind pipes." My freind told him mom and the teacher had to write a apology.  









 If you would rather listen than read I would recommend Dan Carlins podcast hardcore history. It's amazing! His "fall of the republic" I a six part series on the fall of the roman republic. He also did an epic serial on the Mongols. Top notch stuff. 




 The after shot reminds me of the refugee camp in children of men. 




 on your app select follow when on the playlist, it should be at the top of the list
 




 Sorry if I used metal as a generic term, HARD ROCK, is that better. 














 got him
 




 I'm stealing this idea for burning man. 




 Right now I'm a little below matinence at about 3000 cal a day, I work two full time jobs both in the food industry so eating often and healthy isn't a problem, I'm at about 260 g of potien 300g carbs and 90g of fat.  




 I have been doing alot of ready about various cutting stacks So I got a little wrekless recently and went on something of a shoping spree. I am now the proud owned of-

3 bottles - PES Alpha-T2
3 Bottles - PES Erase
3 Bottles - Burn 24
4 Bottles - C-bolic forskoiln 95
8 oz of DAA
2 cycles of Animal CUTS

I also have a few months worth of kaizen Ephedrine HCL that i stockpiles once US shipments started to stop.

Yah i littel over kill i know but oh well, im currently running one of the Animal CUTS just on its own. Im 31 6'4 237 lbs Maybe 18% BF, not sure though. I Work out 6 Days a week 4 weight/2 cardio.

After doing some reading it seems there are alot of combonations i could do here, BURN24/forskolin, At2/Erase, Erase/burn/Forskolin, At2/Erase/daa,....

so do you guys have any recommendations? thanks. 




 Thank you sir. 




 Does anyone know who this is. Reverse image search came up negative. 









 Just got Rudd rolled 




 When people so "thank you much" rather than "thank you very much" 









 His name was Tony Rygel... 




 What ever happened to your project "year zero"? 




 One if the best threads I've seen in a long time. 

I'm gonna mine the fuck out of it and make a bunch of cheesy motivational pics outbid them.  




 Yah that's the one I was looking for, thanks. 




