 I have no idea.... My fidelity warranty better cover it thats all i care lol. 




 If you dont work for the CIA yet then you should!  




 Mine was on a tow truck today too. 
And lol there was another a4 being towed too.

In case you're curious. My car was being towed in because of engine oil pressure issue. 




 Reason being that if you look at your manual it advises that you warm up your car by driving under 2 rpms rather than waiting 5 minutes on idle and wasting gas.  




 What are your recipes for a paleo diet, desi style? 




 They dont think... They just do it. Like their license plate. 




 And if russia does it then its the End of days. (which is true imho) 




 Go get them u silly goose! Commenting here isnt going to do anything. 




 It was mutual in the beginning because I wanted to move onto the next stage of my life. 

I graduated with a Masters in SE in 2010. So i figured a year or two later I'd go to india and start the search. But apparently going to India and finding a wife at age 24 is too young. While my college friends had already went and gotten married. So i figured id wait till girls in India were ready. 

Now that im 27 its probably the right time but now I just feel like theres a huge barrier. Because im having a very hard time connecting with girls lol. I've kind of lost my self esteem and confidence because I have no control over this process. My parents were just very adamant on getting me hitched with this one girl because her family was good. But i just wasnt attracted to her so I just pushed it off cause there wasnt any other choices. And any other choices that did come up then my parents would just find reasons for why I shouldnt marry her. So it was a pain. 
Few months ago I showed them someone that I was interested in and they were very pissed off and started emotionally black mailing me so I just said heck with it and told them to start the search again. So right now im in a limbo state of what I want to do. There are girls in India but I have a very hard time connecting with them. I cant match up with their standards and they cant match up with mine. I wouldnt mind dropping my standard if the girl was someone I knew, could relate to, etc but its very hard when u have to go based on a biodata and then have the uncles in india do a background search and then finally, maybe... get to talk to her. Though usually its their parents u talk to first. Lol its just a complete mess of a system. Growing up in an indian community and having lived in india for 7 yrs i thought i would be able to understand, relate and work with the system. But honestly its just a horrible system. Its really a quasi marketplace where you're bartering each other. Lol. Maybe this is a approach that keeps the family stable in the long run. But im not sure if it keeps the family happy in the long run. 
Plus lol i sent an email to one of the fathers and he replied back with "how long r u in us? Whats ur salary?" I didnt mind most of the questions but how can you so easily ask for someones salary. I havent even talked to ur daughter and know if she and I will get along. Lol its just ridiculous. 

Plus, most girls in India dont really want to go to US. The economy there is in a better condition than it was before so they feel as if they have no reason to come here.


 




 So I'm in somewhat of a pickle that only desis would relate with.

I am currently working at job where I dont have a real future because we got acquired last year and our business goals are different than when I started with them. 

Now on my table I have an offer for almost the same salary at a defense contractor for something that I really want to work on. Asp.net (for anyone curious). I will lose 10 vacation days and stuff but that's one issue. 

The one issue that is troubling for me and I'm sure my parents is that I was supposed to go to India in November to go look for a significant other and get engaged. My current company offers me to take a month off since i have 25 days. So not sure what to do...

I dont really want to go to India in November because I think it will be a waste of money and I wont find anyone but also would like to just find someone and get on with it.

 




 Getting irritated by the whole wifey search in India. 




 Hopefully you get most of it back in cash. 




 Dude, you nailed it!! Esp the part about the aborted girls! 

Im 27, unmarried, havent dated for over 8 yrs just so I could focus on college. But now that I have to find a wifey I have no idea how to relate to them, talk to them, etc. etc. it sucks!

Plus the demands of indian girls and their parents and myself and my parents is making it almost impossible to find a suitable match. Plus its so hard to connect to someone solely on their bio-data. Lol i hate this process but what can we do......  




 Or side 




 Its because of Midtown Madness that I knew Chicago very well! Lol went to it the first time and I was like hmm this is where that stadium is, the highway, etc 




 Google Chrome 




 Chloroform!  




 The Nativity. Every Christmas. 




 They probably do it because of those darn squiggly lines. 




 Or a /r/lifehack 




 Those expert picks dont count in the spread. They predict which team will win. I realize that this question asked about a pick'em game without spread but for games that have a spread what would be your strategy? 




 What do the values in each column mean and how do you use those values to pick the proper team. Especially against a spread (if possible). 




 I have been doing pick'em for the past four years. No strategy at all. The problem is that we have spread so that makes it very hard.

But without it I would just go with what one of the user mentioned. Expert Picks or even user picks. 




 How do you count in the spread? 




 Is there a guide on how to read that and make sense of it?  




 Fear - lecrae 




 Yes, I did ask them and they are helping me. They provided a small exercise ball to use for getting the form right. It does help but still doesnt seem to make a perfect move so thats why I was wondering what kind of tips people here had. 




 I think that might be one of my major issues is flexibility. I think I might have an anterior pelvic tilt so that might be one reason. 




 So you're saying shes black?  




 I suck at rolls. Cant seem to get myself around all the way. 
Its embarrasing. I cant seem to get the momentum to rotate. 




 Loved it! Just out of even my imaginary budget! 




 thanks! 




 Or when Troy in "the community" is sad that he isnt molested. 




 How do you have 200k already? Lol 




 Dont just go to college for a degree you like but one that has actual job oppotunities.

Do your homework in college! And get internships.

Enjoy your life. From high school to about 25 are the best years because health wise you're mostly safe and sound and can easily socialize with people of the same age and common hobbies. 

Make better relations with people of the opposite sex! Even if they dont turn out to be your SO they will help you in talking and interacting with your SO down the road. 




 Same way Davids Army loved the Philistines. Oh wait.... 




 Op, can you explain in detail how you did it. I'd like to get into christian meditation. 




 For those of you with a CS undergrad/grad degree, what did you do with an MBA?

Did you utilize it? Did you switch into management or continue to be a programmer?

I'm 27 years old and already have a MS in SE. Now I'm wondering if I want to get an MBA or switch jobs. Company is paying 5k per year for whatever school you go to. 




 Do not be yoked with an unbeliever. 

 




 NLT. Easiest to read and relevant. 




 Aol has done this for a while 




 Sports, premium channel shows, movies, etc. its a great way to get the content that most people flock to cable for without a crazy price. Plus it helps me bring down my cost of cable.  




 These are subaccounts. Theyre intended for kids so that everyone has an individual account for watching what they want.
So no access to billing, etc. 




 Yes, pretty much. Fios also has a mobile app that you can use to watch live programming. And they also have a similar on demand thing online. 




 Having a slingbox so that you can watch your cable service at another place is not illegal. If it was then they couldnt legally sell slingbox.

Is it illegal if you live in the same town and can subscribe to the same service. I doubt illegal because noone is going to come after you. Maybe unethical. That said, you're still paying the cable company for their service. So they're better of with you doing this then not. So if I were you I wouldn't think about it too much.

-- a guy who sells slingbox services 




