 It's the clarity of communication. 

Sure we can write - u r da best at or job - and you will understand what I am saying, however it does take a second to process. The same happens when you switch your and you're, sure your mind can figure it out but it pulls you from the moment.  




 Easy yes, generally profitable...no.
I am having one of the best months ever though.

If you can afford it, pay the editor. 




 Look into medications then. Usually there is a reason for behavior like this. And the go to answer is often some kind of chemical imbalance.  




 Is he messing with any drugs? 
Paranoia is a pretty common side effect for plenty of narcotics.  




 I must dropped the price of one of my works as a bonus with the release of my latest book coming this week. Does that count?

Usually they don't drop because of the cost to make and distribute books. If you look into the profit an author makes with each sale you will find the majority are less than a dollar per book. Even at a sale price of twenty dollars.  




 I just reduced the price on my e-book, The Event, if you are interested. It was my first full length novel with a dark side. And I have the full collection of -Future Jumper Series- coming out this week. E-book and print. 

What are you writing? Anything you care to share? 




 Or  a really small man... 




 You might want to take a look at The Event. While I admit I am biased, I did write it with one thought in mind, what if the hero doesn't win?  




 I have 11 titles under my name atm.  




 Books! Course, I write books so I am biased. 




 Very welcome. If you have problems with formating or anything, let me know. 




 Right are all yours. You can publish elsewhere, but if you do read their rules. You might have minor conflicts with some promo offers (Amazon's KDP for instance). No legal issues that I have ever heard of. 




 Www.smashwords.com is your best bet.  




 Reposting something from the front page? #nononono 




 Feel free to add me as a friend here, I will be sure to post it up, or if you wish, pm and I will share my FB writing page with you so you can follow my updates there :-) 




 Book 1 of 5 Free to all! If you like this start to a much larger tale, please take a look for the next 4 books available now on Amazon under the Future Jumper titles. 









 Check out some trailers, or even game play footage. You will be shocked.  




 Yes. 
That being said, it's one of the best games I have played since I was a kid. It brought back the fear of death in a game. 
The risk vs reward.
I crawled around corners, sword in hand and held my breath in the dark.
I count the days till #3 is released.  




 Dark/Demon Souls. You need to play those. Need. To.  




 I am waiting on Amazon to link my books. Sometimes they are as fast as a few hours. Other times, days...I do have some freebies available now if you are interested in checking out some of my writing.  




 It  should have been free. Sorry, I was offline for the remainder of the promo. I will be doing another give away soon so please keep an eye out for it. Feel free to PM on reddit and I will link you to my FB page!  




 Thank you :) They are some of my pretty early works. I can honestly say my writing has only improved since then. 




 Mirror thief. At the end of his rope, Dario finds out he can enter the world inside of a mirro. Now with his new found skill, will he use his power for good or? 




 I will toot my own horn a second. The event is on Amazon, and I plan to have it on matchbook soon. It is a post apocalyptic sci-fi fantasy. 




 Thank you everyone for helping me reach #1 in time travel category! I hope you all got a chance to grab these stories. 




 Just heading to bed, have to work in the AM, but here is a link to the paperback cover coming out this month

http://jamieheppner.blogspot.ca/2013/12/worlds-unbound-cover-release.html 

The blurb on the back does a good job of summing up the 5 independant books.

 




 Free starts at midnight tonight. (Pacific time) Didn't want anyone to miss out, so I have posted a touch early. 

If you still have problems after that, please let me know.  









 Thank. You have your downvote button. Yet you keep coming back... 




 If you are interested in getting to know the person who helped create these works, her reddit username is http://www.reddit.com/user/DanielleDrake/
And I have her permission to post this! 
Thank you for taking a minute to look.  









 I am right there with you. No better time to start than now! 




 Never! It's a challenge!  




 Happy New Year! 









 Damn, your sales are exactly the same as mine! 




 I would say be happy you even got a match. I got nothing at all, no match, Nada. 




 Can't agree more...and even more awkward honeymoon...  




 I am unsure what you are trying to show here?  




 In that order? 




 No,  you have a valid point, and I can see what you mean. I will try to twist it a touch... 




 My wife baked cookies. 
Can't say it worked, but we sold it to that same lady. She told us it "Just felt like a good family home."
 




 Missed the double light. That's bad...
You are right about Francis's line. Didn't sit right with me either, so I am glad to see it wasn't just me. 

I don't care for the last tag line. It did feel...forced. But the worlds unbound needs to be in there somewhere. 




 Jump(ed) removed.

Fire (is) added. 

Have been pointed out to me. Any others?  




 Reddit, you have all been incredibly helpful to me with the work I am doing on may latest book. If I could impose, one more time, on your good graces. Please, take a look at this and simply answer, would you buy this book, or does something in the blurb turn you off.


It started with science, and ended the earth.


Aiden and Jess thought they were only doing experiments with light. They had no idea what would happen when they broke the speed of light while bouncing a laser off the moon. 


Using jumps through time Aiden tried to fix what he broke and save humanity, only to draw others into his ruined future. Each jumped pulled another victim caught in Aiden's bubbles of time.


Jane, her life of torment driving her to suicide.

Casey, an adventure seeker, living life for the thrills.

Francis, always on the run, fire her closest friend.

And Aiden's girlfriend Jess, the reason for him to continue trying even after humanity turns against him.


In this, the finale of the Past Jumper series we find out if Aiden can break out of his cycle, or will the worlds become forever unbound.
 




 They look like a variant of the PH3614 standard fram. So, if it's correct, you have a bunch of import filters, Honda, Toyota stuff like that. From.com might help more. 




 As a follow up, if you are really that hard up for material, pm me, I will send you an e-book for free. Might as well have someone read something. 




 As a struggling author. Damn you.

There is no free. There is pirated. What you are looking for us against the law. There are free things out there, you can find them easily, because they are meant to be found. Hit up amazon, look for free audiobooks. 

If you are at pirate(anything).org or any extension, you are stealing, from authors, like me.

Who have bills.
Like me.
Who are going bankrupt.
Like me. 




 Sunshine.
Warm beaches.
 




 Drunk, dancing with a very beautiful woman on a tabletop, waiting for the lights to go out. 




 The world ended with a whimper, nothing was said about the final inhabitant. 




 Learning cloning technology, and saving dna samples.  




 I signed up for secret santa. I was really looking forward to it. Kinda like way back in grade school when you got to write a letter to someone in another country. It was a good feeling for a time. As Christmas got closer I forgot I had signed up, until later and I noticed I had never gotten an address, a name, anything.

I know I got a confirmation when I signed up, but nothing came for me to send to. 

I am disappointed, I really wanted to put a smile on some strangers face, yet for some reason that I don't know, I wasn't allowed.

I find myself angry, yet I can't explain why. I shouldn't be. I have no reason to be. I just am. 




 Did you have caps lock or scroll lock on? 
Try turning them off... 




 In my work, electricity as we know it completely stops working all together. 

Has a rather profound effect on humanity as we know it. 

Throw in some fantasy and boom. You have an epic read. 




 I used an unknown solar flare resetting the entire earth to pre-history times. It worked for my book. And if you do some research in the sun's history, you would be surprised at how easily it could kill us all.  




 Like almost EVERY spot on Reddit says. Use Imgur to post pictures. 

Read it. Learn it. Use it.
 




 Imagine Dragons = Radioactive.

Also, it will be the background music for my book trailer, if and when I can find a way to record the footage I want to make. 




 You have to calibrate your mouse, or you have a game pad installed?
Might even be a stuck key, but something is making him want to move without input. Try unplugging things until he stops running.  




 Sounds like a driver issue. Have you updated them all? 
 




 This might be the best thing I see all day! 




 And a more relaxed group of bears, you have never seen. 









 And Canada for that matter.  




 This one?

http://www.amazon.com/Frindle-Andrew-Clements/dp/0689818769 




 You asked how to get viruses off your friends computer and how to reset your computer. 2 different computers. So yes, press the any button next. It's right under the easy button. 




 Use the reset button on your computer, your friends computer is going to need a lot more work though. 
 




 As a man who has been bitten in the past, leave now. If there isn't a way to spend time in the same room as this person, everything you "know" could be a lie. 

I was used and abused for almost a year by a friend I fell for, in the end she was married and her husband and her were using me for personal entertainment.

Cut your losses, move on, find a person who you can see in front of you, smile with, hold hands, and talk to. 




 Well we do have good health care. However, just being up here doesn't make everything better. 

I tore a ligament in my shoulder and it still took over 2 years to get fixed.
If it's just for the health care alone, you might want to look very closely. If you are that hard up, getting a job up here might be tough. Unless of course you are already wealthy. 
 




 As a Canadian, yes. Of course, why would you want to? Isn't that a decision that you should be making from your own point of view? 




 I couldn't resist throwing that in there.  









 You have to DL to watch this? BOO! 




 Blood...She wanted more. 




 It was a strange experience. The minute the helicopter lifted off and left me behind, the entire island went silent.


I could still see the mainland from where I was left on the beach. The white sand disappeared into the starlight blue of the ocean. They told me before they left I shouldn't try swimming for it. I might make it a few hundred feet before the sharks got me. Almost at command, I watched a fin break the surface a moment before silently dipping back below to the depths. With a gulp, I turned back towards my goal, my future, my death.


The sands stretched out in front of me to the line of trees that seemed impenetrable. This was insane, yet given the options it was the only choice I could take.


In a moment of clarity, I remembered the magistrate standing above me as he passed sentence.


"You have been given the black ticket. For your crimes, you have the choice of a swift death now, or the opportunity to earn your freedom on exclusion."
"Exclusion."
I had stammered the word before I could think about what I was agreeing to.


Now I was left to fight against the islands turmoil of genetically modified animals, and twist one into submission, or die trying.


The simple blade they had supplied me with felt heavy in my hands as I willed my feet to move me to the tree line. It wasn't a choice. Death was rumored to live at every bend on this island. The animals here were the remnants of the gene splicing experiments of 2078.


The activists had insisted that the animals not be killed, yet they were entirely too dangerous to be let loose where people could be harmed. This was the compromise. If only the activists knew what the government was doing now. They would shit themselves.


The worst offenders like myself were given the option to try to tame an animal or die trying. I had heard one woman had done it. Yet, rumors were she didn't live long after. If it was the government that had gotten rid of her, or her pet, no one in the prison could tell me for sure.


A branch broke under my foot sending a single shot of noise through the underbrush. Fuck. My palms started to sweat around the synthetic leather grip of the knife. Cows had been extinct for twenty years. Real leather was too expensive to waste on a dead convict.


I scanned the area to see if anything had heard my mistake and only silence came back in response. As I waited for my heart rate to slow, I saw a flicker of movement off to my side. I twisted my head around and was rewarded with the source of the movement.


A squirrel sat on a log stone still and stared at me with tiny black eyes.
I couldn't believe my luck. Since the majority of dogs had died out in the poisoned air sweep of 2029 people had taken to smaller animals as pets. Squirrels had proved remarkably easy to tame, and the new market they created had swept the world with an entirely new field of clothing, toys, and habitats. They were all custom made to fill the void left behind in the pet field. If I was going to have any chance at getting off this island alive, it was sitting right in front of me, right now.


A quick survey of the ground around me left me with a tiny selection of berries and seeds. The guide had mentioned that food was plentiful here. It was a minor shock to see how plentiful. In a passing thought, I wondered why it would be like this with so many animals around, but with a mental shrug, I dismissed the notion, it wasn't important. Taming this squirrel was important.


Careful not to spook him away I first placed a berry on my hand and held it out to him. I watched for a reaction as I carefully stretched my hand forward. Only a gentle twist of the animals head came in response. I dropped the berry and tried a nut hoping for a more favorable result.


With each item I presented, the squirrel only gave a minor shift of his head, not a negative twist, more of a curiosity. Perspiration built up on my forehead as I presented item after item.


It didn't work. I felt my legs start to shake from sitting still for so long and I stared at the squirrel on the log in front of me. In frustration, I broke the silence and cursed the fuzzy fiend.
"What the hell do you eat you little bastard!"
With uncanny speed, he shot forward and bit the tip of my outstretched hand. My leg muscles convulsed as I fell to the side. A tiny drip of blood pooled on my fingertip where the rodent's teeth had broken my skin. The world around me went out of focus as I watched the deep red turn to a purple and then a black.


I tried to move away, but my body wouldn't listen to my mind. I tried to scream, but no words escaped my lungs. Before my eyes completely glazed over I saw the tiny black eyes of the squirrel stare at me from on top of that log. Moments later another pair, and then another had joined it.


As I fell to the ground with a dull thump, I understood why the squirrel didn't except any of my offerings, and that's why food was so plentiful on the island. They didn't eat any of it.
 




 I made so many maps in my youth, it was part of what made the games so fun. I used to keep a binder full of them. Fantasy Star was one I believe, I mapped the entire end dungeon. 




 I handed my controller to my 6 yr old son, and showed him what button to push, he won every fight.  




 You are very welcome! And I think I have it pretty nailed down. I am getting good feedback here, as well as on my professional page on FB. People really like that one.  




 I don't mind at all. However in this instance the lady has some more effects that flip over to the back cover. This sample doesn't show the other side since I was just working on my e-book cover first. 

It does look good, all though somewhat pixelated...any practice is good practice though!  




 Awesome suggestions, thank you. I will really consider this before the final draft. 




 The girl, and the fire, are pivotal in this, the final chapter of the series.

The by has been removed, however I am still working on the cropping. It may (will?) end up as a paperback as well, so the cover image you see has her hand sweeping to the left and an open black area for the blurb placement. I have been playing with fonts, but as of yet I am unable to find one that truly seems to flow. It has been offered I should use a fire, but that...would be too much. 

As for the series # I don't have much choice. I have had too many readers pick up a book out of order and than leave a negative review because it didn't make any sense. If I don't hit a reader in the face with what book number it is, well...

Thank you for your input, it is consistent with almost everything else that I have heard. I will repost a finished product in an update as soon as it is done. Hopefully to better praise!  




 Again, it doesn't apply, but you were honest in your answer...so TADA! 

http://y2jgfx.deviantart.com/art/Randy-Orton-Man-On-Fire-161569370 




 As of right now. No...but you know what...that's an interesting idea. 

It doesn't tie in with the female character that has an affinity for fire...but there is a strong male character who controls the wind. 

I might have to think on that one. Thank you!  









 It is strong choice for many, the one with a human model looked great in my mind, I just couldn't get it to work on the screen. The silhouette sample works as she is blowing fire onto the back cover but the front would be solo for e-book version.

Thank you for your input! 




 Here are the 3 samples I have so far. I have the left images hidden since they don't really need to be shown at this stage. 

What do you think? Suggestions? Ideas? Anything you would change on them? All input welcome.  









 Now #1 in the Time category and in the top 2000 for free! 

Thank you everyone for helping get the word out.  




 You have mail! ;) Enjoy!  




 You are very welcome. I have had fun writing the series.  




 What country? Amazon has some funky rules. I will send you a PDF if you PM me.  









 I don't think so. Just for fun and to learn to plan ahead. My son is showing some decent skills considering he is only six. 









 No, that would be stupid, now wouldn't it.
 




 42 




 Google for the win.

http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20080801150859AA2R8nF 




 In reference to a post earlier about a woman who had never met her father, yet one day ended up reading the same book her father had been reading when he passed. It was a beautiful post. This, is a dumb joke. 




 Delete your FB, Twitter and Reddit accounts.
Disconnect your internet.
If you need to research anything, go to a library.

Write down everything, don't stop and don't edit a word.

Finish.

Come back online and share the joy with us all. We will still be here, I promise. 




 I walk past a funeral home every once in a while. I don't know why, but this poem came into my head today and I just had to write it somewhere. 

Thank you for reading taking the time to read it. 




 I do not lie here, this is not me.

My soul has left, those close to me see.

The body remains, the person is gone.

Do not miss me, that would be only wrong.

Be happy in spirit. No matter the cost.

Your heart must be brave, this is only a grave.
 









 And thank you!
I will let you know how the next one goes, I started it four years ago, just picking it up again...who knows, maybe it will be next year?!?! 




 My first book, yes. Two to be exact. 

My second, no, four months.

My third, it's just been finished and took over two years again. 

So...yes, and no.  




 My best friend Plank. It's an old funny video. 









 I switch between them as the story unfolds. It can be done very easily as long as you make the POV shift clear. If you don't you run the risk of confusing your reader base. If you have to, start a new chapter each time and place an identifier as soon as you start the new chapter. 




 I have a story titled The Event, doesn't tell much, just enough. 




 Insert words here 




