 I was thinking that about Nikki Bella's Rack Attack... she lands right on her knees.  Even worse when you think about the leg injury she had. 




 God now the stupid fantasy booking has spread to crappy sites, not just here. 




 I have a turnbuckle cover signed by A-Rod 




 There is only one man who is the perfect fit for Money in the Bank....

*HERE COMES THE MONEYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!* 




 yeah muscular thick, but not big girl thick, like OP seemed to be talking about.  I figured he meant more like Kharma in her original run, or Mickie Knuckles 




 Not really sure how [this](http://images6.fanpop.com/image/photos/32700000/Kaitlyn-wwe-divas-32793011-1284-722.jpg) falls under the thick category 




 You're right it is a NO BRAINER... NXT!  I couldn't care less about watching another Johnny Nitro match. 




 One of my new [favorites](http://i.imgur.com/o7XDuD8.gif) 




 Yes the pun is what I intended haha 




 until it smiles 




 All of Big Show's because nobody will shut up about them 




 The Edge-amatic was awesome 




 usually once a week at least 




 This post again? 




 Anything to try and get some of that Jurrasic World money huh 




 There are so few people in the main event scene so it's either Rollins, Reigns, Ambrose, The Authority, or Lesnar. 




 Sweet Chin Music -- coolest
 




 because they both have axes? 




 [FTFY](http://i.imgur.com/6T0MiQb.jpg) 




 It's Wednesday you dink.  I think it can be put in its own post by now. 




 It's a slow burn...or in Kane's case a slow chemical 

[](/badjokecena "Are you not entertained?!?!") 




 If Bubba Ray powerbombs someone near you, you always act weird and fall down way too late 




 Punkdango... Fandango's brother 




 gynecologist is a female dr that specializes in the downstairs.  So being able to do work elsewhere through one hole. 




 But wait... if I said what he said about what you said in regards to him saying that I said what you think I said, than who said what I said you said about what he said about me saying? 




 So him saying he hates how people apply the logic of them making blunders, after I said how they make blunders is somehow him not saying I said that? 




 Did I ever say I think that they are bad now?  No.  Did I ever say I am ignoring WWE's blunders? No.  So stop putting words in my mouth.  I was responding to why people are not fans of TNA.  I know WWE fucks up a lot and I don't like that either. 




 Not everyone, but a good proportion.  Most likely because they are poorly managed and squander every opportunity that they get.  They hire too many old guns from WWE and instantly make them the focal point instead of making new talent shine.  They have just made too many blunders when they could have easily done much better. 




 "Climb that ladder kid make yourself famous!" - JR 




 Is he replacing randy orton? 




 That Undertaker is deathly afraid of cucumbers 




 Punjabi Prison Match.... wait? 




 I do believe so 




 I was trying to find the words that described how much I hated Dennis Miller's hosting and "suck" was the one I came up with.  Innovative, not in the slightest lol 




 Oh God.... [Golga](http://www.puroresumission.com/special/unmasked/images_unmasked/golga_01.jpg) 




 I know right lol 




 [When Heyman had Big Show, Nathan Jones, Matt Morgan, and Lesnar](https://ringthedamnbell.files.wordpress.com/2015/02/tumblr_nh7z5pgfid1rkf4k0o1_500.png) 




 Big E's chalk dust 




 Welcome to... RAW! IS! ... JIMMY!  oh my bad, that's on me. 




 Big Show: r/waffling/ 




 Guess I'm breaking the 4th wall.... Hi Colt Cabana! 




 Dennis Miller...that guy really sucked

He just sucked and sucked and boy did he just suck

He really just sucked and boy did he just suck

He sucked and sucked and sucked and in that sense we all got fucked 




 The Dusty Rhodes Annual "American Dream" Memorial Battle Royal 




 Someone takes out Kane before the MITB match.  Everyone is wondering who the final participant is.  Cole says "Nobody was guaranteed money in this match like Kane was"...

**HERE COMES THE MONEYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!** 




 The T-Rex knocks the SUV onto a pole instead of a tree 




 Dean Ambrosia
 




 Winner is deemed the biggest whiner 




 He got the title a hooker 




 Being billed from Dudleyville 




 Angry Boss walks in

JBL - "Now what does this hot-head want?" 




 We can't understand a word being said on Friday Nights Maggle!
Konichiwa Suckas! 




 The North winning the Civil War 




 The Tyson Crippler 




 Swerve: The briefcase is now on a pole 




 Lil Jimmy told him he was 




 Ironic people to show up in the Tough Enough Top 40 




 The Man Gravity Remembers but Chooses to Forget 




 Oh man, I read that real quick and thought you said 309 by Ravine (Reveen) and I lost my shit 




 Me too Berb! 




 Lucy 




 Original Sin Cara 




 Don't forget Daniel Bryan as special guest commentator 




 This same post gets made at least once a week and [it is fucking annoying as all hell](/spoiler) 




 She is a poor man's Maryse.  She is attractive and has some athleticism.  She would do great with being down in NXT for a while and training more there. 




 I think you are the 50000000000000000000000000000000000th person to say this exact thing.

Same thing I just said in yet another post about this exact thing
 




 I think you are the 50000000000000000000000000000000000th person to say this exact thing. 




 Grado 




 Because they are the bad guys so you're supposed to not like them.  Have we become that disillusioned where not liking heels is a bad thing?? 




 He's like normal Mankind (who is already fat) but fatter lol 




 I like how Fat Mankind isn't phased by it 




 Well I did not expect that ending haha 




 MY GAWD!  How could I have not seen that?  That is pure genious 




 How would I go about getting that Maggle?!?!? 




 Hey all... longtime lurker, first time poster.  Where is a good place to watch wrestling shows? 




 Oh I know alright... Bray Wyatt feuds with Harper and Rowan and Cesaro feuds with Barrett.  You are a genius! 




 Your post is the first time I remember seeing someone mention 2015.  So yeah... stop whining 




 Randy Orton... it's gotten to the point where every match of his is the same and it's gotten so stale 




 That's on me!    So great lol 




 I've read a couple of them before and loved them too 




 You're putting more thought into this then I ever cared to,  so you can come up with the actual mechanics look 




 technically she was on a forklift but the match was billed as Judy Bagwell on a Pole, hence why my new gimmick is the opposite 




 Quasi-there but William Regal.  Seriously there is no one I want more on the main announce team than him. 




 A Pole on Judy Bagwell match 




 Haha... I was hoping someone would catch that.  That was my inner Vince talking (he was the one who wanted the angle to happen) 




 Sadly it was never played out... but that was the intent of the angle 




 Incestuous relationship 




 I have no problem having her and Rusev break up... I just hate that they have to pair her with Ziggler.  It's the same thing that happens everytime, they have a female wrestler/manager and they put her with Ziggler when they want them to get liked or whatever.  It just seems that that is all Ziggler is good for anymore to WWE is guy to put divas with. 




 Look I like some of the dumb things in wrestling... but this is just stupid 




 And fans get mad when people say wrestling is fake lol 




 So if I get what you're saying, you think that by moving to some cheap reddit knockoff that all the drama will somehow stop? 




 So the fact that Rollins has won MITB, was given the title at Mania (1st time ever btw), paired with the biggest heel stable in the company, has held the title since Mania, and has been in the main event storylines means that Reigns is getting pushed more than him?  Hmmmmm.....   




 Seeing as he is with AJ he must not ~~marry~~ ~~carry~~ ~~ferry~~ parry crazy chicks 




 Token "Lunatic Fringe" for Ambrose post 




 So the whole "anyone can edit Wikipedia" thing seems to have eluded you. 




 This was really an awesome story.  Made you truly feel for the characters and their plight.  Ending had me shivering with goosebumps 




 If anything it will be like Five Man Electrical Band put it, "Sign sign Everywhere a sign..." 




 [](/nope "yeah no") 




 Nuthin' wrong with a little drinky-poo! 




 Honestly... Cena.   This being before the whole LOLCENAWINS Era 




 A he is brand new to the main show 

B there is no reason that every single new star has to have an undefeated streak 




 Love me some die antwoord.   




 Eugene 




