 I love fantasy, like "Final Fantasy Advent Chrildren".

I do not really dig children's movies. They are better as cartoons I think.  




 So for your time on Earth you believe that is the only meaningful achievement? 

I struggle to find meaning in life and I wonder if having children would make me feel the same.  




 Lucky you. But you are also not looking forward to it, are you? 




 Sorry to be difficult. I just want to understand why you think that. 

I personally think it should be like this:

As an example:

at 8:00am the machine starts and you can see it because it has not yet left - here we all have the same understanding

at 8:01am you are still standing in the room, for you, 1 minute has passed. For the traveler (assuming he is traveling at 60x speed) 1 second has passed but still at 8:01am both of you are still in the room. 

at 9:00am it is still the same. 1 hour has gone by for you, for the traveler 1 minute went by, but both of you are still in the room. 

This is the case for every second of every minute of every hour. Both of you are always in the room at the same time. It is not like for the time traveler a "different universe is opening" and he is travelling through an alternative time. Same universe, same time, just at different speeds.

Please explain why I should not be able to see him?
 




 You do believe there is something (whatever it may be) after death though? 




 I am scared of dying. I wonder if religious people are too.  




 I also considered that point. However, I do not think it does though, because when he travels, the changes around him actually have an influence on the machine (it is moving backwards and forwards whilst he is travelling because something is happening to the ground, if I remember correctly).

What do you think? 




 I don't think it would because you are not stationary in time. You are also moving through time, as is the machine. The same way for the traveler everything outside the machine is moving fast, for other people the traveler should be moving slow.  




 As the machine is travelling to the future, it is still always in the same place. Therefore whoever is standing next to it should be able to see it because it is not instantly going to the new time, but just moving through time faster. The passenger should only appear to be moving slower depending on the speed the time machine is travelling at.  




 What's the surprise? They didn't know how much chocolate milk they were selling?  




 Nobody crops. Please tell people album covers are square.  




 Of course 




 Vielleicht sind die ja auch nur da um ihr Beileid zu bekunden. 




 That doesn't mean you can make such a stupid comparison. If you can't compare size because you don't know it, measure LTE browsing time for the S5 and compare that. 




 I didn't click that link first but after reading your comment I was curious. It's really funny. Why wouldn't I choose the facetime HD camera over shitting 2.1MP? 









 Do you not think they might be joking? They are probably bored and just say whatever to see how far they can take this shit  




 I agree with what you say. But seriously, and 14 year old girl talking like that clearly has no idea what she is talking about. She's just arrogant I think. 




 I am sure  




 He's going to resign soon I guess... 

Edit:...  going to be forced to...  




 How do you normally get there? 




 Could you be so kind and also answer these questions:

Why does sleep refresh us?

Why do we die without sleep? 

What else goes wrong if we don't sleep?  









 She sounds lovely  




 Hai, pleasu join, onegaishimasu. 




 I don't get the question. How does a time machine enable me to have sex with whoever I want? 




  people wonder why the mainstream muslims don't come out against it 

Could you elaborate this point? I am very interested because my colleague said exactly this. But I don't understand why. 




 Always Sunny in Philadelphia 




 Accuse them of rape. 




 I am sure it is something where I criticize  gun laws in America.  




 Colonel Jack O'Neill together with Daniel Jackson. 

I have learnt so much about compassion, ethics and leadership from them. I fucking love them 




 Not a movie, but Lost was so disappointing. 




 I wear socks, underwear and a t shirt with [this](http://www.threadless.com/imgs/products/1759/636x460design_01.jpg) on it. 

And I can bring a bottle of Japanese sake, a cup for the sake and Shiroi Koibito (Japanese biscuits). 

I would love to see myself standing in the corner of a party like this. 




 I don't want to have it, like regularly, but I really would like to have it once, just to know.

Do you mind trying to explain? 




 No thank you... 




 Integrity. The rarest thing on the planet 




 Reading all of this, I hope that my parents spend all their money while they are alive so me and my family never have to fight over anything. It's so not worth it. 




 is it the first time or is it not? 














 I do. I don't want to support this BS. Please give a fuck.

And I am also a business traveller. I also don't pay extra for priority boarding and all this crap  









 Pretty impressive. I wonder if the guy survived Auschwitz.  




 He is just saying that they did survive and that they took a calculated risk. I saw one of the guys in an interview. He said that cancer would most likely take longer to develop than he will live. That is why he went in. 









 I don't care whether you are right or wrong. Just please get your "their"s and "there"s right  




 Go to Germany. The degree is for free, teachers are respected, well paid and I know many who are very happy.

I swear, America is going down the drain and this is just one sad example  




 Hence my question. Do you have any examples that prove me wrong?  




 They just do. I think it's just a thing that never changed. You know, people grow up with them and get used to it.

In the UK they have separate taps for hot and cold. Socks, but it only changes very slowly.  




 I'm from Germany so I rely on newspapers to get information about the US. The Spiegel had an article explaining that the first high speed train is constantly being postponed because the republicans oppose it.

And at the end there was an additional comment claiming that the republicans oppose any form of government help to strengthen the infrastructure of the US. 

I hope you can understand.  









 Yeah I'm gonna buy one but will go for an all in one option. Aux in use and Bluetooth is less expensive than I thought. 

 




 Yes it does. Thank you. I guess I'll just get one with high ratings on amazon then  




 This would be perfect but I do not have a stereo with aux in. I currently have a tape deck...

Could use one of those fake tapes with a 3.5mm headphone jack. Haha

Anyway thank you. I would actually buy that if I already had the stereo  




 I use spotify and here maps. I was wondering if anybody can recommend a car stereo (single slot) that would be able to connect with my phone (in whatever way) so that I can hear music and directions over the speakers of my car.

If I would be able to change the song using the stereo rather than the phone, that would be really nice. 




 I want to ask a question but you might not like it. I'm gonna give it a go anyways.

I don't know you so I can't tell whether I like you as a person. But I can safely say that now you look really good, healthy and active. Before you looked, let's say different.

How do you feel about the difference in attention people are giving you? I'm gonna assume (again without knowing your personality) that before you did not get much attention, if any. I'm sure you loads now and compliments as well. 

I read lots about overweight people saying that they are invisible to other people. What is your experience? Now that people give you attention (again an assumption) do you feel they are superficial?

I don't want to forget to say "well done". It must have been incredibly tough but also rewarding.  




 So, this post is supposed to be a tool to make calculating food and drinks for parties easier. The purpose is to avoid having to think about it. If it does not do that, it's useless. 




 Do you never use a calculator?  




 All at the same time or what?

Edit: got it. Sorry  




 So then it's useless. If I have to think there is no value in this. 

I like to complain by the way...  




 That is a good explanation.  




 I know. I am surprised so many people seem to agree.  




 I did watch it. And it is good to know that. But I am more concerned about turbulence and the plane simply dropping down.  




 Just saw this today:

http://www.androidcentral.com/sony-roll-out-lollipop-xperia-z3-lineup-starting-next-month 




 Just saw that they now announced February. 




 So, that's sorted then. Next question? 




 Cool. Thanks 




 Analog pictures just look way cooler than digital ones.

Edit: The ones taken casually of course. 




 And that centre of mass would be your mum.

Boom! 




 If they do it better than all the others I don't mind the wait  




 I don't know why the guys answer as if no decent guy does that. I think I'm a decent guy but I do that. I think it's just because guys don't regularly need it and therefore don't understand that a girl's wants it.  




 Fuck as many women as you can. It's true.  




 Peel first? I want to get it right the first time. Thank you in advance  




 Have you got more information like this? I am super scared of flying and have to do it for my job all the time. You would really do me a favour.  




 I am assuming the gif stops there because the plane simply drops, right? 




 I can only say that I agree. I have not found a single app I like yet and the articles I can find online contain mostly to do lists and games (which I am both not interested in) 




 When can I expect 5.0 for z3 compact? Have they announced anything? 




 I can't believe how much the colour of the light sabre changes the feeling I get from the poster. 

* With the blue it feels like the Jedi are back in charge
* The green makes me feel like the empire is still in charge and the jedi are still rebels. 

I have got no explanation. 
Does anybody else feel the same? 




 Lenovo yoga pad 2  




 Frying chocolate bars. 




 That is true  




 If you do that you have two halves of a windows tablet that do not work anymore. 

Just saying... 




 I'm on mobile but 

Lucio Dalla - Anna e Marco 

Is the best. 




 You are donating 10%?

I donate 18 per month and thought that was ok. 




 Surely not right now. They will wait for the beginning of the second half to see how it's going. Also who is there who could do a better job? 




 Same here. The feet looked disgusting before and now really clean and healthy.

I would be so happy about that 




 I don't think this answers the question. The grocery store could just lower the price then. People would find it more competitive and would buy more fruit etc.

But that doesn't happen. 




 I'm a German living in the UK and I always thought windows in the UK are smaller than in Germany. 

Also, double glazing seems to be special in the UK. In Germany we are now talking about quadruple glazing.

My point? I don't have one...  









 Really? They sound really nice...  NICHT 




 I'm just curious: when do they say it? I find it hard to imagine a situation in which it makes sense to say that. Or do they literally say it as soon as they find out you're German?  




 So important. 

Accused does not mean he/she actually did anything. It's the same with rape: If you are a rapist, go to hell. But if you are falsely accused of rape, then I really hope people will be reasonable and judge you based on facts and evidence.  




 Buy a Samsung phone and make sure to choose that whistling notification sound on max volume. Then start a text conversation on the bus during your morning commute.  




 Always say how shit and boring other people's weekends sound but never actually do anything yourself. 




 I am trying to explain it to my little brother because I think it is one of the most important things on earth. But I can't explain it easily.  




 Our products are sold into the oil and gas and chemical industry and we buy auxiliary equipment from UK suppliers (amongst others).

Their products are ok, but their performance is terrible. 




 Oil and gas and chemical industry. 




 Honestly, I work with exactly these companies. They are not top notch and their performance is way behind the rest of Europe. People always say that they are doing badly because the government is focusing on the city. From my point of view English manufacturing is dead because they use obsolete machines, their are lazy and they are arrogant  




 What are some easy and worth it measures? 




 Had to read that a few times  




 Either:

a) my German family and friends when they come to visit and want to bring something back.

b) I work for a Japanese company and we have got lots of people from Japan coming over all the time. They always want to bring some high value gift home for their wives.  




 People ask me all the time and I do not really know what to say apart from tweed jackets. 




 I had one when I was a child and I so sure my parents would have not spent 100 on a child's watch.

Now I see that they range from 100 -6000.

What did I miss? 




 I really like how you explained this. Very easily to understand  




 They have like 100 stores in London  




 I hate every single Starbucks because they are never clean. Nobody in there wipes the tables, floor, or cleans the toilet.

It's disgusting. I can't eat/drink something in a place so dirty 




 I wonder what they have been promised to do that.  




 The issue with their profits is not that they do not make any at all. They keep them low by paying a franchise fee to the starbucks mother ship in the Netherlands. That means the starbucks coffe shops make no profit, because they have to pay a high franchise fee. Therefor they do not pay any tax on their profit here. Star bucks in the Netherlands however makes huge profit but as far as I know the tax level is ridiculously low there (plus they employ several legal tricks to keep it low). 

In conclusion, they problem is that they are evading tax in a legal way. It is legal, but unethical. 









 I think people would buy their way on it though.  




 I always wonder if that is true. Is it true or are some people just better than others? Personally I believe the latter. 




 You really need to share some more information. 

Also, but that might only be me, I do not understand why it says 1 day and 10 hours on battery when you have charged about 10 times. 




 He fell asleep again, didn't he?

I want an answer to this question.  




 I have never considered that. Thank you.  




 Nope, all old ads. Thank you for trying. 
 




 Never say never 




 My auntie gave it to me for my birthday. It broke and I want it back really bad:

http://www.amazon.co.uk/Nike-Unisex-Lebron-Bracelet-WL0008-003/dp/B000813CLA

Where can I buy it? 









 That is what I sometimes think too. 

It is really sad. 




 Talking about ~~their~~ American foreign debt:

American foreign debt is in US Dollars, because it's the currency the entire world uses. If people would ask for their money back, America could just print money. It would fuck up the exchange rate but that would also make all the money people would get back worthless so nobody will ever start doing it. It would be a lose-lose situation.  




