 I'm confused on this one..  




 You matter to me buddy. 




 Go on? 




 Do you strap yourself in and feel the g's? 




 I'm not seeing this as a link to your username you've chosen  




 Indians did 7/11..

FTFY. 




 Your username is probably used in countless other places on the interweb, how did you choose this alias? 




 Without even checking the sub, I read that in the accent as soon as I seen the title. 




 It's not a club with minimal members buddy. 

I'm there with membership as well. 




 I'm a guy, I've been with many girls and so far I'm on a solid 0.

Same thing as anal.. Damn porn, lied to me again. 




 I checked the profile to see how long its been in action for.. I've never been so scared to look at someone's profile before.

The fact that its a gay guy just made it even more unsettling. 




 What song is it? 




 Sunny D and Rum? 




 Much of a muchness really, when you're trained to fight in a street scenario it's never about death, it's always based around defusing the situation and making sure you're not in danger anymore. 

This can be by walking away from it, or if you really do need to fight, it's about disabling your attacker as quickly as possible, then walking away.

You're taught which spots can kill, and these are generally the ones you avoid.

Source: Am 30 now, and been training on and off since I was 7 in 3 types of martial arts. 




 Thanks mate..

Poor bloke. 




 Paddlin' the school canoe?  




 I like to put my feet up 




 Sign me up buddy, happy to write full length reviews for you to post as well.

Edit: confirmation email doesn't send.. Haven't received anything 




 What's his story? / was his story.. 




 Beat me to it. 




 Why the fuck am I on Brain detail?? 




 It exists.. /r/showerthoughts 




 Yep.. Went really sweaty and cold at the same time.. Next thing I was on the ground breathing heavily. 




 No Timmy, unfortunately people like this are real. 




 You need a head in your skull!  




 All jokes aside, I actually like Dr Pepper.. Shit is rare as hens teeth in Aus. 




 Here you go 

Extreme Cheapskates S03E03: http://youtu.be/ho0D7pGJRg4 









 You must be new to this guy.. Watch his video about saving a ladies eggs. 

The closest he'll ever get to eggs and a woman in the same sentence.

Edit: here it is.. Enjoy..

 Her Eggs Made Me Feel Like Batman: http://youtu.be/OF2P-hLAZZ4 




 He looks like a thimble. 




 There is drinks other than mountain dew? 









 LOL.. 

I'm exempt, I'm one of those pains in the ass that resists, so they've let me keep my iPhone 6.

The Nexus 6 is my personal, so I look like a drug dealer with 2 phones everywhere I go. 




 Well.. My work is now pushing windows phones to everyone instead of blackberry as we have now merged over to Exchange and Outlook.

Gone from a shit phone to another shit phone.  




 Congrats mate, mines coming up on the 6th.. 




 What do you mean by full screen mode? I'm pretty sure it does have it mate,  




 I had no idea that its an official Reddit app. 

It always crashes when you're trying to edit a comment you've already posted. 

I've found myself picking up my droid device to fix up the spelling errors I did with my ios device. 




 Will do mate, thank you  




 Nexus 6 / 9 type larger screens? 




 Say "what does the fox say" 




 And regrets it - Steve Ballmer on His Biggest Regret (Oct. 21, 2014) | Charlie Rose: http://youtu.be/v9d3wp2sGPI 




 Having to sync with a PC was another downfall.  




 I use both Android and iOS, alien blue is a heap of shit. Constantly crashes.

Reddit is Fun for Android is probably the best one I've tried. 


Edit: I have the PAID version of Reddit is fun. Supposedly no one buys android apps....
 




 Most of the unknown subreddits, I reckon Reddit has probably created a few serial killers  




 Kind of gives a new meaning to /r/eyebleach though.. 




 I'm as close to being a 5 year old mentally as you can get.. The first 2 paragraphs nailed it perfectly. 

 




 Animals itch for a variety of reasons. This annoying sensation can becausedby dry skin, skin irritation, dirty skin, insect bites, disease, parasites such as lice, or even forpsychosomaticreasons. Researchers believe this sensation came about as a way of teaching us to avoid irritants and preserve the skins health.

Scientists have made progress in identifying neurotransmitters responsible for causing the itching impulses in the brain, a team from the National Institute of Health has been able to identify which of those factors is primarily responsible for driving the sensation. The research was led by Michael Iadarola of the NIHs Department of Perioperative Medicine and the paper has been made open access in the journalMolecular Pain.

Itching is believed to be caused by gastrin releasing peptide (GRP), natriuritic precursor peptide B (NPPB), and neuromedin B (NMB). A study published inSciencein May 2013 identified a significant part of the pathway that NPPBwhich is produced in the heartuses to trigger the itching sensation in mice. The authors of that paper worked on Iadarolas team to make quantitative measurements about the potential role each neuropeptide plays in causing itching.

The current study used a technique called RNA Sequencing (RNA-Seq) to identify where and in what quantity the itch-causing neuropeptides were being expressed in mice, rats, and humans. The results supported the previous study inSciencethat implicated NPPB as a primary cause of itchingat least in mice. As it turns out, rats and humans dont express NPPB in their sensory ganglia. However, all of the tested species expressed NPPA, which acts on the same peptide receptor as NPPB.

NMB was expressed in high levels at sensory ganglia across all three species, hinting that it has been evolutionarily conserved. The results also showed that GRP was not expressed in any of the three species, refuting the long-held notion that it plays a role in producing itching. The misidentification likely came from interactions between anti-GRP antibodies and NMB in the sensory ganglia. This could mean that previous studies based on GRPs supposed role in itching need to be reevaluated.

While scratching acute itches can bereally, really satisfying, certain conditions can trigger the desire to scratch excessively, which can break the skin and haveserious consequences. Understanding the pathway involved in causing the itch sensation would allow researchers to potentially create a way to block those molecules. If the pathway could be altered, it could be used as a treatment and bring significant relief to those suffering from psoriasis, eczema, and other chronic skin conditions.

www.iflscience.com 




 Perfect for those who lung hit 




 Hope you're ok..

Usually the story goes "if it wasn't for that pole, he/she would still be alive" 




 If melb holds a vape convention, I'd fly down for it.

Melb does shit way better than Sydney does.

I was at Steam today when they were discussing attendance at the meet.. They weren't taking anything or doing anything apart from just hanging out.

I don't want free shit etc, but a meet like they have in the US would be awesome.. Something along the lines of a convention. 

With a convention you get to see what people are doing, products that you weren't aware of etc.. 




 This is especially true if your box is running batteries in serial 




 What exactly is this meet?

Will there be anything interesting going on with suppliers etc, or just a bunch of peanuts vaping away in a beer garden? 




 Sorry to hear mate 




 I love that this is your personal favourite, meaning there is more of his antics to report on. 




 Chinese new year celebrations? 




 I picked one up last week for $49 from steam e cigs.. Brilliant little unit  




 Being bald and reviewing balding cures.

Losing my hair at 19+ made me an expert in all the crack pot and medical remedies out there.

Here's the Jazz people, nothing works except for implants.

So get get that razor sharpened and join the dome. 




 In Macedonian and other eastern European languages we have a similar concept.

Directly translated the term is 'babied', as in, the words used are given a slight twist to make them 'cute' and baby like.

E.g -  and  (sock and err.. Socky?) "Where are your sockies" .. Hope this makes sense  




 Don't concentrate on the finger, or you'll lose all that heavenly glory... 




 On Fasttech there are hundreds.

I'm using the Lite version 3.1.  




 It shrinks?? 




 That episode is one of my favourites 




 As much as it might upset some people, grab a Kayfun Lite from Fasttech, clone or not, I have 2 of them and there is no difference to my real one apart from being 1/10th of the price 




 Took what out? 




 My George isn't clever enough to hatch a scheme like this! 




 They called Cartwright, no one answered so she hung up. 

Who's Cartwright?

I'm Cartwright. 




 Coco! Hi five. 




 But where does the meat go?  




 You know, it's just like a normal salad.. But bigger! 




 Might have custom protection, but there are only so many cell manufacturers..

I want to open my 30w up and put in a VTC instead  




 What battery brand do you use in the istick 30w? 




 She was bald Jerry, BALD!! 




 They were floating.. But they were out there Jerry 




 I was a 40, now I'm a 42, I'm huge Jerry!


Just let them rip people! 




 Their should've been a mango in the picture somewhere! 




 Lol - NUT 




 Got to agree here.. It's just a huge nexus 5. 




 Mine is on its way.. With the logo 




 Thanks mate, I'll pass.

Not a massive fan of nut flavours 




 Where are you based and what do these flavours actually taste like? 




 I bought my Nexus 6 because my Nexus 5 was doing this constantly 




 Give google a call and see what they say.  Might be worth a shot 




 Call him Gammy!   (Gammy's getting UPSET!!) 




 Please, from now on call me T-Bone 




 I was at the gym and I saw him.. He 'was huge'  




 Sorry mate, I received it as a an MMS ,  saved it and shared it.. No manipulation of it from my end 




 He is a sexy fellow, can't believe Hallmark haven't invested in him for Valentines day cards yet.. 




 Not sure that burnt cock breath will be worth it.. 




 Well, I had sex.. With your wife!! 









 The Walky has to be one of my most favorite cars. I had to watch the gif twice because I missed the prank the first time  




 I just went from the n5 to the n6 solely for the camera.. Definitely not disappointed. 




 Thanks mate, never read anything so boring yet interesting at the same time  




 So I'm guessing you all have it memorised? Seems painful. 




 All ya'll Muricans' - what the hell is a social security number and what does this club membership get you?

I'm gathering your birth is registered as it is in most other countries, although from what I gather, you're given a SS number, when and how is this number used in life? 




 That was a great video. Your voice is so well suited to tutorials as well 




 Looks like big bird from sesame Street 




 XXXX Summer Bright 

I hate beer, but this beer goes down so easy.

Now, just to kill the arguments, Yes its a 'girls beer', I know. 




 Sorry mate I didn't finish it until 10pm last night Aus time, 

Its now day time and I'll add a few more pics  




 Black Honda Accord Euro / Acura TSX.

Used Nu Finish scratch doctor, then the once a year protection they sell.

Scratch doctor was ok, but not as good as hoped for the bonnet, previous owner had tree sap on it and it's permanently ingrained in the clear, I might try Meguires Ultimate Compound on it  




 Thanks mate! No idea it existed 




 6 hours later and it's done. Love how the car and the fence outside blend in together.

2010 Honda Accord Euro / Acura TSX for my US friends  




