 I'm not a historian, but the movie "Destination Moon" might allude to an answer to your question.

The movie deals with the challenges of conducting a manned expedition to moon.

At one point early on in the film, religious objections to space travel are brought up, only to be summarily dismissed by the protagonists.

The scene seemed so obviously didactic, and out of place to my modern sensibilities that it seemed like the film makers were making an earnest attempt to address something that must have been part of the cultural debate at the time.

I watched the movie probably ten years ago, and that scene still sticks with me today because it came across as so utterly weird. 




 Brilliant
 









 It's a bit premature to claim that there's a market for them when the are none for sale. 

That said, I suspect that there's ultimately a niche market of gun and technology dweebs who would buy them, as well as ignorant people who think a smart gun means they don't need to bother with a safe out other form of physical access control.  









 I've seen comment sections at NPR where people have voiced their admiration for North Korea having a small carbon footprint. 









 Nope. 









 No, its not true at all.  




 The lady doth protest too much, methinks.  














 You can't possibly believe all if the stupid things you post.  




 My money would be on The Grinch Who Stole Christmas.  




 Here's a link to the policy fine print (pdf)

http://www.locktonrisk.com/nrains/forms/ArmsCare_Coverage_Form.pdf

While there is a clause that says they don't cover guns that are illegal, I doubt very much that they would refuse to cover the loss of your perfectly legal AR just because it's illegal in California. 

FWIW, a friend of mine had a pistol stolen that is likely illegal somewhere in this country, and he received a payout for it.  














 Just the one BS. 

But I'm also house broken.  




 I'm now being called insane by the guy who thinks cops should be forced to face dangerous criminals alone and unarmed. 



Much hilarity. 

Such irony. 

Wow.  




 Goddamn, you're just too adorable for your own good.

Tell you what.

Why don't you go down to the local PD and float that idea and see how far it gets you. 




 My bad, I figured it wouldn't be an issue since I was linking to another sub-reddit friendly to gun rights.

I do 99% of my posting from mobile, so the screen shot method is a hassle to pull off.

I'll just refrain from linking to other subreddits from now on. 




 This really is a perfect example of just how thoroughly irrational and incessantly self-entitled the anti-gun mindset is. 




 It strikes me that the User is tilting at windmills, but does reveal a certain level of bias on the part of the Reddit admin staff. 









 That didn't take long. 




 Muh roads! 

/obligatory  




 Then what specific policy recommendations do you have?  




 So in the situation as presented, how do your talking points apply?  




 You hiring?  




 And of course, instead of advocating for better self defense training, your solution is to deny a woman the the ability to make choices about her own self defense. 

Fucking sexist.  




 In the case of this commercial, would you care to explain why you think the woman is still cohabitating with the man she has a restraining order against?  














 Costs more than you make in a month. 




 It's mentioned for context to establish that he is dangerous and a prohibited person. Think of it as ticking off one of the check boxes for "establishing the villain."

Also one of the things that Bloomberg's group seeks to do is to tighten the restrictions on men who've had a restraining order issued against them, and I think they are also playing on the intended audience's ignorance regarding the fact that such laws already exist. 




 Ha! Thanks. 




 It's interesting to note that regardless of the fear mongering over the Beretta and other double stack wonder nines, the one study the ATF did on the subject in 2000 didn't show a single such gun on the list of mossy popular crime guns. 

https://www.atf.gov/sites/default/files/assets/pdf-files/ycgii-report-2000-highlights.pdf 




 To be clear, this guy is a jackass who's looking to get a fat payout from the state by trying to get them to over react in such a way that he can sue them. 




 I don't want Jenny McCarthy on my side. 




 It did that automatically. 

I'm sorry,ididn't mean to offend you and baby Jesus.  














 They'll probably post one later today. They're usually pretty good about that.  




 Agree completely. 

The history of malfeasance arising from the recording of gun ownership data is far too large to engender any level of trust in anyone who wants to record that data.  









 Ah. No worries. I do most of my posting from mobile, so doing the screen-grab and rehost process is kind of onerous. 

I'll just refrain from linking to other subreddits.  














 Ah. I used the np link. Figured that would be adequate. Sorry.  














 Do you have a source for this claim? 









 One of the most hilarious anti tactics is where they will glom onto some piece of marketing material from a gun company, and then proceed to take it 100% literally and act like whatever had gotten them so upset is the most deadly development in weaponry since the days of the Trinity tests. 

There really should be a name for that tactic.  




 Too bad, as I'm sure most leftists would have rushed to his defense for taking a stand on abortion.  




 Why?  There's only about four active members there.  




 I post this not because of the article, but because of the epic amounts of anti butthurt in the comments.  









 ITT:

Overly-infantilized European pussies demonstrating that we really did make the right choice in revolting against them in 1775.


/'Merica 




 The way I see it, there are two options:

1.) They grossly over-inflated the number of transfers made per year in order to justify their idiotic law and to get funding for a bloated new bureaucracy.

or

2.) People are just completely disobeying the law. Those who are selling guns to known prohibited persons don't care about the law, and everyone else simply doesn't feel like dealing with the inconvenience of hunting down an FFL to transfer a gun to a friend who they know has a clean background.

In either case, it's a fairly damning indictment. The Dems who pushed for this law have egg all over their face. 




 Boy, the Democrats sure Munsoned this one up. 




 That's pretty damning.  




 The fact that he wants the NHS to waste money on this garbage is terrifying.  




 At the state level, Hickenlooper and other Dems have voiced support for energy exploration and the use of fracking.

Regarding the road issue, I don't see how the topic is controversial, though I'm certainly not a subject matter expert on the matter. 




 Agree.

Requests for evidence demonstrating the efficacy of the laws passed last year are invariably met with down votes and name calling. 




 http://m.washingtonpost.com/news/the-watch/wp/2014/07/22/shaneen-allen-race-and-gun-control/

As it turns out, Allens case isnt unusual at all. Although white people occasionally do become the victims of overly broad gun laws (for example, see the outrageous prosecution of Brian Aitken, also in New Jersey), the typical person arrested for gun crimes is more likely to have the complexion of Shaneen Allen than, say, Sarah Palin. 

**Last year, 47.3 percent of those convicted for federal gun crimes were black  a racial disparity larger than any other class of federal crimes, including drug crimes.** *In a 2011 report on mandatory minimum sentencing for gun crimes, the U.S. Sentencing Commission found that blacks were far more likely to be charged and convicted of federal gun crimes that carry mandatory minimum sentences.*

What was that you were saying about talking points, now? 









 If you shoot .45 with any amount of regularity, you'll end up spending far more on ammo in the long run. 

Buy a quality gun, like a used Glock. Long term, the extra couple hundred bucks won't matter and you'll end up with a much better gun. 

If you are so strapped for cash that a decent gun is out off the question, then you should reconsider buying a gun chambered for one of the more expensive cartridges available.  




 So two examples on essentially uncontroversial topics out of a grand total of how many proposed bills?  




 I fail to see how staying the undeniable fact that gun control is historically rooted in racism is bull shit. 

Consider the following:

https://www.firearmsandliberty.com/cramer.racism.html

http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2011/10/09/adam-winkler-gun-fight-author-on-gun-control-s-racism.html
(apologist article favoring gun control, but the author acknowledges the historical connection.)

http://www.npr.org/2014/06/05/319072156/guns-kept-people-alive-during-the-civil-rights-movement 




 Sticking it to lawful gun owners was the plan all along, but remember, the media has to pretend otherwise lest they run the risk of appearing unimpartial.  




 I'm glad that the law doesn't affect how you choose to defend yourself, but do you honestly believe that choice should be restricted by the state for others who've come to a different conclusion? 




 Not so, given that the historical record of gun control is one rooted in the oppression of minorities, most specifically African Americans.

After all, the history of American gun control is irrefutably rooted in the era of the racist antebellum south.

As for these laws being unenforceable, then the laws should be outright repealed.

After all, just because the law is unlikely to result in a conviction doesn't mean the law can't be used against someone to make their life a living hell (having to deal with being arrested, tried, fined and/or imprisoned until the court date, to say nothing of the fact that anyone charged would have to retain a lawyer, miss work, and deal with the stress of being dragged through the legal system.)

Even if there isn't an attempt to maliciously prosecute someone by charging them with a violation that's unlikely to stick in court, there's also the general chilling effect that it has on the average lawful citizen's rights to own and use firearms for self-defense, recreation, and other moral and legal applications.

If you acknowledge the laws serves no purpose, then you should support repealing them. 




 If the effect of the law results in disproportionate prosecutions and use of violence against minorities by the legal system, or enables racist law enforcement officers to unfairly victimize minorities, does it really matter whether or not the original proponents of the law are outright racists? 




 Not only are the cops not enforcing these laws, most of the state's sheriffs are signed onto the lawsuit to repeal the laws. 




 The history of gun control is one founded in the racism of the Jim Crow-era deep south, and even today, gun control laws are disproportionately used to prosecute minorities. 




 Well, the fact that the law isn't enforceable is probably the prime reason for why it should be repealed.

In fact, even people who aren't into gun rights (or who actually do support gun control) should call for the law to be repealed because it's such an unenforceable, poorly-written mess.

Frankly, if anything, gun control advocates should be *more* vocal about repealing the magazine ban, because the longer it's on the books, the more stupid they look. 




 How often has he worked to compromise with the Republicans in the Senate? 




 Magazine repair kits aren't technically legal per the law.

If you assemble the parts into a magazine that you didn't own before the cutoff date in the law, that's a violation punishable by a year in prison or a $1,000 fine.


 














 One of the republican party's biggest weaknesses is that they just won't shut the fuck up about social issues like abortion, gay marriage, or weed. 

The days of Focus on the Family and Ted Haggard being able to swing elections are over, but the state party hasn't figured that out.  














 "Hate fact" that's hilarious. 




  I think it's cute that of the entire list of evidence I provided, the only thing you can actually respond to (and poorly at that) is that the photos were somehow faked "out in a dessert (sic)."

I guess I shouldn't belittle you, though. After all, you're just the product of a failed education system that couldn't even be bothered to teach you the basics of critical thinking or self-directed learning. 




 What's also hilarious and sad is that this person wants to be spoon fed the answer, rather than going out and doing some research and reading up on the topic. 




 You mean no evidence beside the multitude of nations that tracked the spacecraft travel to and from the moon, the photos taken there, the samples of lunar regolith that were brought back, and the equipment that we left on the surface that can still be seen and used for scientific experimentation, right? 



















 http://www.reddit.com/r/everymanshouldknow/comments/2b9e9k/emsk_how_a_gun_works/cj3dh1p.compact 




 The left claims that gun ownership is shrinking, but that doesn't seem to square up with the fact that there are record numbers of people taking introductory safety classes and getting their carry permits. 

Also, if gun owners are a dying breed, then why does it seem like new shooting ranges are being constructed at record pace?  




 So he supports idiotic gun control policies and then gets all butthurt when gun owners call him out on his duplicitous actions. 

What a complete and total putz.  




 This is the best point of the entire article. 

Gun control isn't about crime or violence, it's about scoring points in the culture war. 

The sooner everyone realizes that the movers and shakers of the gun control movement aren't just misguided our mistaken, actively trying to infringe on a civil right just to assuage their own egos, the better of we'll all be.  




 It's possible for the number of gun owners to be at record highs, but their percentage of part of the overall population to remain the same or even go down. 

If the growth in population outpaces the growth of the population that owns guns, then it gives the appearance of dwindling gun ownership rates even though the number of new gun owners is at an all-time high.  




 Dan Baum lives in Colorado. 

He did not testify at the Senate hearings our even show up to watch. 

He did not contribute to the recall campaigns after his beloved democrats passed poorly written laws authored by Michael Bloomberg's lawyers. 

He isn't interested in gun rights, he's just a typical leftist who has glommed onto guns so he can sound edgy when he's attending dinner parties with his undoubtedly pallid-skinned leftist friends.  




 Congratulation on finding a single example of a statistical anomaly on par with being attacked by a shark or struck by lightning. 




 I'll never fly on a rocket to low-earth orbit.

Doesn't mean I don't find it interesting. 









 6) Pulse Rifles  




 No, they fully understand this, they simply don't care. 

The motivation for gun control has nothing to do with violent crime*, and everything to do with scoring points by sticking it to a constituency that progressives reflexively hate. 

*in fact, from a culture war perspective, gun control that actually effectively reduced violent crime would be a failure, as it would then be an impediment to instituting further restrictions.  




 Pursuit Channel is just a live stream of their content. 

They do outdoorsy type shows.  




 Every man should be willing to take an interest, even if it's something as basic as spending 30 seconds to watch an animated gif.

I don't like cars all that much, but I understand the basics of an internal combustion engine, and know how to perform basic maintenance.  




 Yeah, but remember, even though the slide, etc. are heavier, the bullet is being pushed at much higher speed, so it probably balances out. 

We need someone to do the math...  




 As opposed to what? 

There's fundamentally nothing wrong with trigger-mounted safeties.  




 Probably not that much of a difference. 

Basic Newton, for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction. 

That said, it would make for an interesting experiment to conduct with a chronograph.  




 Then you should know better than to advocate for waving guns around with your finger on the trigger.  




 How much actual shooting experience do you have? 




 Who doesn't want to know how the Space Shuttle works?

Aside from the exorbitant cost and inability to go anywhere outside of Low-Earth orbit, the shuttle was pretty rad. 




 Because self-imposed ingorance on any subject is a shame. 




 The first rule of gun safety is to keep your finger off the trigger until the sights are aligned with the target.

Follow that rule with every gun and it cannot be inadvertently fired.

 




 The scene you describe sounds almost exactly like a shot from the movie Apollo 13. 









 Given that the ISS is possibly the most expensive single thing ever built, and is not yet at end of life, deorbiting utter would be a really stupid idea. 

Given the preceding sentence it wouldn't shock me if they opted to do just that.  









 Whenever the various multitude of systemic failures endemic to socialism are pointed out, the defender of that particular ideology invariably resorts to an argument that the state/leader under discussion couldn't possibly be an actual socialist/communist because reasons.  









 I was completely unaware that someone had gone to the trouble of categorizing the development of critical thinking in stages. A Google search on this resulted in some interesting reading. 




 I ask the question because you still weirdly obsessed with something that doesn't actually affect you.  




 Wow, you're really touchy about this. 

As a kid, were you molested by an uncle or something?  




 Marriage was a way of consolidating wealth and power for generations long before your view of it as some sort of quaintly romantic, Victorian-defined expression of twue wuv. 

I'll also note that if you're being honest about hewing to a traditional form of marriage, it would be one that would allow for multiple spouses and harem-style arrangements.  









 I always love the "no true socialist" argument. 

 




 I've still got the originals stashed in my basement somewhere. It was a 2-part crossover. 



















 Does anyone remember that time when Archie teamed up with The Punisher?  




 Looks like they're doing a special issue or something.  




 Musket barrels don't have rifling, which is kind of a requirement for something to be a rifle.

:-) 




 Remember, if you're a reporter covering something you don't like but the people involved are all too decent to be attacked directly you can always undermine them by tying them to an unrelated incident that happened two decades ago with a completely different from group.  









 Muskets.  









 Most of what's on examine its more about giving your body enough of the proper building blocks so it can generate it's testosterone. 

From what I've read, anything that claims to boost your body's testosterone levels above the natural levels is either marketing bs or steroids. 

Ain't no such thing as a free lunch.  




 3-6 grams of DHA/EPA fish oil will cut down on soreness.  




 Expect to see more of this. 

Looks like part of that 50mil Bloomberg is dumping into gun control is being used to disparate gun grabber organizations.  














 To add insult to injury, a lot of those supposed "industry donations" come from things like Midway USA's NRA Roundup program, which allows people to round up the amount of their purchase to the nearest 1-5 dollars, which is then donated to the NRA.  




 Happy to help!  




 Decot makes great prescription shooting glasses. 

A little dorky looking, but functionally great. 

Otherwise take a look at the products offered by Rudy Project.  









 Oh god, why did I click that link?  




 There is something disconcerting about Rolling Stone, which was founded by the counter culture, so lavishly blowing a member of the .01%. 




 I'm not sure who's more tiresome. Ardent drug warriors, or the useless stoners they demonize. 




 Garen Wintemute is a quack.

His "research" and resultant advocacy is what led to congress pasing the law forbidding the CDC from doing gun control advocacy. 




 Glad to see this get national media attention.  




 The first study was roundly dismissed for cherry picking data, and is evidently a statistical outlier, as it was the only state to see this effect. 

http://humanevents.com/2014/03/02/lott-to-gp-johns-hopkins-gun-violence-study-flawed-twisted/

The second study is a tautology, and shows no correlation to a drop in overall violent crime, only "gun crime" which implies that in the absence of a firearm, criminals aren't less violent, but are happy to substitute other methods that are presumably just as effective. 

In any event, the study is behind a pay wall, so we can't even see what sort of criteria they used or what laws were specifically evaluated.  




 This is hilarious. 
 




 If there were facts showing these laws to be a net societal benefit, the advocates for them did a poor job of presenting their case when they instead opted to rely on culture war stereotypes, appeals to emotion, procedural shenanigans designed to minimize dissent, and outright misinformation. 

Furthermore, if the laws were effective, the would be plenty of proof of this from the states that have similar laws in place, as well as from the Federal law that was in place from 1994-2004.

Unfortunately, the is no compelling evidence that the laws worked, and your justification is the political equivalent of a creationist who makes a "God of the gaps" argument. 

This gives rise to the problem of now having laws on the books that don't actually reduce violence, but do create a legalistic mine field for citizens who wish to stay on the right side of the law. 

 




 Take it up with the staff at /r/progun.

They don't seem to mind.  




 They offered all sorts of attempts to fix the bills during the (artificially limited) Senate hearings. 

The only one the democrats paid any attention to was when it was pointed out that their shiny new magazine ban would outlaw great grandpappy's huntin' shotgun, and then there was a mad dash to amend the law before it became an outright gun ban. 

If you're truly interested, the video from the Senate and House hearings should still be on the websites for those respective legislative bodies.  




 It's not an opinion to point out that nearly every mass shooter successfully passed a background check, and that the current law would not have stopped people like the Aurora theater shooter. 

Its not an opinion to point out that the magazine ban is useless because it is unenforceable and easily circumvented. 

Nor is it an opinion to point out that the background check law won't stop someone from selling a gun to a criminal nor does it do anything to stop straw purchases. 

Sure, we can quibble over whether the laws put undue burdens on lawful citizens, and certainly those beliefs are largely a matter of opinion, but the bottom line is that the laws were poorly conceived and unlikely to result in measurable public good.  




 The GOP did offer assistance, it was roundly ignored by a bunch of politicians who would likely be unable to tell you which end of a gun the bullet comes out of.  




 Heh. Thanks. :-) 




 Because it's funny.  




 OH NOES SOMEONE POSTED SOMETHING TO MULTIPLE SUBS! 

There's really no need to work to discredit the laws, they're so poorly written only an idiot would argue that they're actually effective at reducing violence in any meaningful way.  




 Yawn. 

Yet more projection from a moron who doesn't even know me. 

As I said, you're boring. 



















 The actual quote from hizzoner:

The NRA went after two or three state Senators in a part of Colorado where I dont think theres roads. Its as far rural as you can get. 




 You're boring.  




 I know this isn't strictly gun-related, but it was too great not to share.  









 I'm sorry, I had trouble reading your past because I was laughing so hard at your obvious philosophical blind spot. 

Have fun watching Fox News. 




 I don't know why, but that makes me laugh every time I see it.  














 I know the song of my people.

 :-) 




 Slate? 

Why don't you cite Fox News while you're at it.  




 Especially when that one anecdote is used to pass a law that could result in people going to jail for utterly idiotic reasons.  




 Muh roads!  




