 www.windows93.net if you want to know the difference between xp and 95/98
 




 You mean alderwood  




 eew.  That's a long ass trip in one of those.  Farthest I've gone is like Central Oregon to Denver. 




 That's a regional plane that takes you from closer small cities to connecting hubs.  They are tiny for a normal person.  




 The ending of Furious7.  For Paul. 




 Honestly, if the phone on the lines 2 and 3 have the same sim card slot you can just swap sim cards and don't even worry about anything else.   




 Yeah you have to get the coupe for the folding seats.  The trunk is really small in the coupe though 




 There's an advanced mode.  You can customize your own map and buildings.  There is lots to do beside gain population and solve the issues along the way. 




 YOU'RE THE GUY THAT DID THAT!!!! OMG (good for you) 




 I had one of these too.  I loved that my shirt could change color just like my hot wheels 




 The lighter thing was around in the early 90's.  I remember kids doing that 




 Up until recently I had a copy of that sealed with the "golden CD" possibly inside.  I thought it might be with something later.  




 I've never been able to get Google voicemail working on any Verizon phone for years now.  




 There is a G35 sedan around here that has nbeyond as their licence plate 




 Yup, I have access to 3 different companies fedex number. I've never gotten a 2nd look when I come in and just spit out a number and say bill to sender.  I don't know if I've ever mixed them up. 




 You account is 1Z[account number][generated tracking number]  So, yeah, if you know anything about UPS you could use someones account number. 




 That's why sand is where it's at. 




 or a bike? 




 My wife was at amgen. It's a really nice spot for sure.  The funny thing is, she got into a program that teaches women to become a full stack web developer. Then they give internships to sponsoring companies, one of which is Expedia.  She could end up working in the same building again 




 It's the wax of the candle and soot that is coating the egg.  THAT's the hydrophobic property you see. 




 Are there tech/biotech companies going or starting there? 




 16 exabytes, yikes.

Fyi, The current limit on a single drive is 128PB due to lba48 addressing 




 yeah, Gti has ~220hp, the Hellcat has ~720hp 




 "Have you seen the faces on Mars? That's proof right there.  The aliens were here, they still are here, and aren't going anywhere"  Is my tag line apparently. 




 oh yeah, that term is getting thrown around a whole lot on Capitol Hill 




 Ray...when someone asks if you are a god, you say YES!! 




 I'm 6'3" and dated a girl that was 4'10".  She barely came up to my sternum.  Opportunities were endless. 




 Your penance is the commute and ever worsening traffic.  I prefer to live up north a bit.  More spendy than Tacoma, but it's not Tacoma 




 The GTR can corner.

I'd love to see a pro driver take a Hellcat on Laguna Seca and then the GTR.  I bet there is more than 2 second lap times faster in the GTR.

EDIT [it's over 6 seconds a lap faster than the Hellcat at Willowsprings](http://fastestlaps.com/tracks/willow_springs_-_streets_of_willow.html) and it's only 2.5 seconds faster than a GTi that has almost 500hp less.

The Hellcat is a muscle car and a damn fine one, not a supercar. 




 At the current rate Seattle will be the next SF in the near future  




 Seattle is looking at SF as what things may come.  TONS of tech job openings that pay 60-100k/yr.  That's easily liveable money in Seattle.  People are coming in droves to work at Amazon, Google, HBO, ADT, Starbucks, Zillow, Redfin, Adobe, Expedia, M$, Nintendo, Pokemon, Nordstrom, and countless startups.  They are buying up/renting out all the apt's near downtown to minimize the shitty commutes forcing out all the artsy folks that are barely making money as is.

It's creating a pretty big divide between the people that have been there for decades and these new transplants.

Not sure how to stop it from following suit other than I'm happy I live where I live. 




 yeah, that's $1000 more than what I pay to own my house. 




 at least they have plenty of room to build and cheap property to do it.

SF really has no where to grow but up.  Until then, it's going to be more and more expensive. 

If I wanted to buy the same house I have have now in SF (brand new construction, 4bd 3.25 bath, 2500 sqft) it would cost 2-4 times more than what I paid, and it would have been built in the 1920s.  Thats 4-8 times more than the house I had before with similar specs.

Both me and my wife would need to both be making 6 figures to live the way we do now. 




 I know Strokin' is a real song, but then again, "Let me smell yo' dick" is also a song so I'm not sure if you were joking or not. 




 I have a performance car (~350hp).  This is a budget supercar (500hp+). 




 You have to go to a place that can read the sensors in each of the tires directly.  Any big tire store can do this.  It could be a dead battery in one of them since it's pushing 10 years old. 




 yeah the VZW box says it's "Black" when it means the Midnight Blue 




 What about Strokin' by Clarence Carter? 




 200k+ miles shouldn't be unheard of as long as it's taken care of. 

Just make sure to keep the fluids and filters changed.  Inspect the belts and change as needed.

In NYC, keep the salt off the car in the winter.
 




 This is the fallacy of sunken cost.  Get out, shut down, sell it.  

Small businesses fail 85% of the time after 3 years. 




 The good ones, applied properly, have 0 bubbles 




 The En rogue what you want then 




 I've not been to the seatac international arrival one, but lax has an automated kiosk that takes your picture and you fill out more paperwork, then go to a human 




 I think it's faster because you have to go to a kiosk, then wait in line for one to open up, fill out your info, then head to the line to get to a person.  

This will save time as you can bypass the first section and go straight the the line waiting for the agent. 




 In '99 had a '97 Eclipse turbo.  I had some mods in (275 whp) it and not too flashy, but it stood out. 

That was the only time I ever had girls initiate conversations with me based on my car.  I found several notes on my car after I would leave work ask me to give them a call.

This was only after Fast and Furious was in theaters, so I had the same car that was at the beginning of the movie. 




 ...YOU DRUGGIE BITCH!  I THOUGHT IT WOULD BRING CLOSURE TO OUR RELATIONSHIP!  




 I know exactly what you are talking about. I don't think I have them anymore, but I'll look.

EDIT: [Someone animated that clip](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EXqPriuHHI)
...AAAAAND [here's the donald one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDaWs4v2U1A) NSFW on both obviously 




 yeah.  All their stuff is plenty durable...until you move. 




 Certainly illustrates the diversity of the word. 




 LEGO Marvel killed mine :( 




 My ps3 lasted 7 years.  Best Blu-ray player ever.  Bought it day 1 and it just yellow lighted in November. 




 cool. good to know. 




 I can feel where it might happen to me as well.  I have the bumper case and it's a noticeable ridge where the port is  




 lol, instead of 1.8(temp in C)+32.  




 Technically, you could change the exhaust and intakes.  As long as you kept the factory parts and put them back on before you give it back.  

The dealer might bitch a little, but you'd have to read the fine print of your lease. 




 I'd argue that you have some [pretty fine roads](http://i1.trekearth.com/photos/61830/transfagarasan.jpg) I've been here. The way up looked a lot like OP's pic.  But this road once you reach the summit... OMG. 

According to a former BBC employee, this is the best road...IN THE WORLD. 




 That's weird, I used to be able to talk on my galaxy nexus and use 4g at the same time. What changed? 




 Oregon was 503, then it became Portland metro. 




 You can stack every planet side by side and it still doesn't span the distance from the earth to moon.   Space is...astronomically big. 




 Man, the commissions have really gone to crap since I was there. It was like $10-$15 per computer, ~$5 per monitor, $3-$5 per cable, and 15% of the extended warranty.  I know there is no margin in computers now, but only $6 for the warranty? Damn.

I was one of the top three sales guys in Oregon around 2002.  I would make $650-$800/wk in commissions plus minimum wage (which basically took care of taxes).  In today's dollars that would be $65-$70k/yr slinging electronics. I'd be interested to hear how much people are making today. 




 Amazon Drones = Skeet shooting with prizes. 




 My parents bought something similar to this back in the 80's.  It stacked the length and height of our garage, one box wide.  We lived about 7 miles from the nearest town of about 15000 at the time.  This was in Texas and tornados are common. 

We never touched the stuff and even when we moved to Oregon in the 90's, they moved it as well.  Still never touched it and gave it away in when it was pushing '99.  




 Nearest shipping center? Is there really a major metro in Maine? 




 They have like 50 warehouses strategically placed in major metros.  I would think that most of the population would live near one. 




 They approved an experimental drone, http://www.theverge.com/2015/3/19/8259881/amazon-prime-air-delivery-drone-faa-permission


 but it's not the one they are currently working on, so it was useless to them. http://www.wsj.com/articles/amazon-says-its-approval-to-test-delivery-drones-already-obsolete-1427219327 




 They were playing with the idea of using Taxi's/Uber for 1 hr delivery in places near the warehouses. 




 still slower than driving to a retail store that has the same thing in stock. (assuming same price) 




 Maintenance = keep the oil and filters changed regularly, inspect belts and replace as needed. Other than that you should be good to go.

Cosmetic, it's totally up to the owner's tastes and objectives.

Key fobs...not going to be cheap AFAIK. 




 /r/infiniti is your friend guys. 




 He got the job because he went off for several minutes without repeating a single line.  He was a consultant for the before that.  Kubrick swapped the actor for him after hearing that 




 This happens when the car's battery is disconnected and the window isn't all the way up.  On my Infiniti, you have to roll the window all the way down, then hold the up switch until is all the way up and then keep it there for 15-30 seconds. 




 What the hell am I looking at? 

NOW. You're looking at now, sir. Everything that happens now is 
happening now.

Go back to then!

What?

THEN!

I can't!

Why not?

We passed it!

When?

Just now!

When will then be now?

SOON! 




 We need to be permanently on -7 utc 




 I have the 3m film on the front of mine. No chips or scratches 




 Yeah that's what pre orders were for. It guaranteed you a copy at the place you wanted to buy it.  Now with infinite copies via digital, it's something that should be retired.

Now they bait you to buy a game that might not even be good with "exclusive" things that are not useful or cosmetic at best. 




 I was doing it from memory, I guess it was exposure, not focus.  My bad. 




 AH, never could figure out what it did. 




 FYI, under Advanced in the stock camera, there is a Manual focus mode toggle. 




 Didn't do anything, she took a few minuets to put it all together 




 Not saying people do, but it's usually the rules that no one follows 




 A car dealer did this back in 2000 to my step dad.  He had picked out and paid for a brand new 2001 jeep grand Cherokee, but he didn't want it delivered until Christmas morning.  

A few days before, the dealership calls and asks how she is liking her new car.  He was not pleased. 




 Even having lived in Portland, it's still meh most of the time 




 Most of the cars in my town have snow tires, AWD or otherwise. Huge ski town.  




 It still is that way in most of the US.  Pedestrians have the right of way, always.  However, it's not about who's right, it's who's left. 




 Looks closer to Mongolia 




 Some do. Newer five guys places are where I see them most 




 You can try to contact Motorola and ask, but just setting the expectations realistically  




 Trendy downtown area, look in capitol hill.  Trendy just outside of downtown, look at Ballard, Fremont, Wallingford.  Queen Anne is kind of in between those. 




 It's a known thing since the day it was released.  US warranties won't cover it from international places.  If you got it back to the US you could get it replaced by Motorola 




 You want a pg-13 movie with a actual nudity? The Fifth Element.   




 Looks like the most legit answer 




 I took my wife's '00 323ci out in the worst snow we had all year.  With snow tires and the DSC we were getting around just fine while SUV's and Subaru's were in the ditches 




 You mean 52 coupons... One for each week.  I won something similar at Hollywood video. Free rentals for a year.  52 new release coupons and 100 non new releases 




 Which was the same premise of a [duck tales episode](
http://imdb.com/rg/an_share/title/title/tt1052614/) 15 years earlier. (Which, in turn, was based on a H.G. Wells story from 1901) 




 My Michelin pilot super sports barely lasted 30k miles, but damn do they grip 




 This is why tide is currency on the black market 




 They were referring to San Francisco. 




 The place is packed on the weekends from the times I've been there. 




 You mean like Cafe Mox in Seattle?  That place is packed most weekend nights. 




 Wasn't there this morning.  I was playing with the smart lock stuff then, because the location based portion wasn't working. 

It's there now. 




 Not to mention he hasn't really been able to get a normal job since he's been out.  He's been doing odd jobs or self employment ventures 




 Go hometown! Haven't been there in 25 years though 




 Step brother was looking at close to 40 years for weed... Did 13. 




 So far, Smart lock doesn't seem to like my house, but connected to BT in the car works.

My Wifi had some issues on AC, I factory reset the router and it fixed it. It was definitely the router.  Nothing would connect to the AC band. 




 I don't think it's a girl's car per se.  I will say that IMHO only the RWD coupes look the most manly/sporty.  I can spot a X series and sedans (obviously) a mile away.  There's just something about the coupes that look amazing. 




 probably to get around YouTube's copyright algorithms.  It sees these and says it's definitely not Star Wars. 




