 I love them!!  :) 




 I have thought about meditation before, just haven't been sure about the best way to go about doing it. My mind is so loud and always worrying about something. It has been suggested to me before though 




 Your completely right. Finding out someone you really care about maybe doesn't care about you as much is something I'm not sure I can handle right now lol. But in time I hope I find my true friends too 




 Thank you 




 I'm hoping I'll be able to make a few acquaintances like that if I go to a meeting. I don't want to talk to anyone that I care about losing on the topic of what a piece of shit I am 




 She never offers me anything and just sticks to her tabs which I'm allergic to so she isn't bringing anything in the house that I would want. Neither of us is good at dealing with stress is where the problem comes in. She's amazing to talk to and always listens so she really is a good friend. She's also my roommate lol. I'm going to really try. If I talk to my doctor it will cut my main source off, that will do wonders for my effort in quitting I'm sure 




 Thank you for your time though, I appreciate hearing from an outside person on this. I don't tell my boyfriend about the extent of the issue, and my best friend has even more of a problem with it than I do 




 I've had a lot of anxiety sense I was about 13, mostly due to a crappy home life. The days I don't take the pills I feel like I need to smoke, or drink, and I hate liquor and never liked myself when I smoked bud before this. I know its a problem. I'm just hoping the more I hear things like this, the more it will wedge itself in my brain. Along with the anxiety, I also have obsessive tendencies so breaking habits is one of the hardest things for me to do, I've even been hospitalized for my obsessive skin picking when it caused a staff infection and I still pick at my skin. I'm going to really try to find another alternative for pain management and I hope I'll be brave enough to talk to my doctor about my fear that I probably shouldn't be taking these pills. Its hard to breathe just thinking about doing that 




 Really sorry for using you, a complete stranger, as a sounding board  .  I just don't have anyone else at the moment 




 Its also difficult to make myself do something about it when I feel like I'm functioning better when I take the pills. I talk to people and I'm more friendly. And its the only way I get motivated to do anything. I'll actually get up and clean the house for example and I feel like writing again, which I used to love to do but lost all motivation for. I don't want to lose my motivation and I feel like I only have it when I'm taking the pills. Its really scary for me to think about 




