 my friend did this in college once. He said he felt like his skin was on fire. So i did what any college friend would do: offered him a beer 




 Robotrippin 




 more pets less talk 









 [Even more](http://imgur.com/KzfjMJy) 




 PET HIM 




 I fully admit my prejudice.  




 More pets.  




 there's always money in the banana stand 




 OH MY GOD. ITS THE OP WHO STARTED /r/counting 




 416,241 




 damn a 1 month repost

edit: ah yes, down vote the guy who points out that this is a recent repost. I am not objectionable to reposts. But this was just posted a month ago.  




 No;. That's not enough. Imagine what you think is enough and multiply by about 100. That would be enough.  




 Oh okay. I posted him there 









 He's about 24 pounds 




 Yes mine does that too. He's fat.  




 Make sure you give them pets. They need pets to survive, without pets they die.  




 He also snores. He face plants like that every 10-15 minutes. He goes more into the face plant each time.  




 How did I make it about politics? This is my only post here lol. I posted one time and said "this isn't the place for politics. Go to /r/politics"  




  You act like Republicans are the only people who hate Obama but plenty of Democrats are distancing themselves from him and don't support him.

 This isn't the place for politics. Go to /r/politics. 

 




 Exactly!!  




 His FUPA has special healing powers you see.  




 Only once, then he kills you. For me, I get three rubs.  




 I'd still inseminate her powdered meat flaps with my salted slippery sausage.  




     5 Lucky school.  




 How's your school counselor?  




 Hm. Whatever works for you I guess.  




 No idea. I havent done it.  




 416,214 

Easy go 

Little high, little low 




  i'm rude to people who are jerks and refuse to admit they are in the wrong

That sounds like going out of your way for other people.  




 416,212 

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Bucky 




 It's not limited to only school aged children. It is a repeated behavior though. 

Let me ask another question. Why are you the authority on who deserves to be bullied?  




 Do you know what bullying is? 




 I didn't have an awful home life but I did take a good amount of abuse (physical and emotional) from my parents when I was younger.

This statement makes no sense. "I did not have an awful home life, but was emotionally and physically abused" 

You understand why these statements are contradictory right?

Also, 

1. Where did you stay in Cali? 

2. How old are you now? 

3. How did you get the money to get there?  




 Have you eve bullied someone?  




 You aren't meant to enter the water so it doesn't hurt. It's not going to feel well.  




 LifeProTip? 




 [More](http://imgur.com/tHuJK6c) 




 Don't say no sex. Just have sex once in a while and string the relationship along until he loves you then say "sorry im straight"  




 Actually you didn't say anything wrong. I mean- that was big news this weekend, even if he wasn't gay, it's still big news. I mean...everyone knew about it.  









 I just bwiojerved and once I've done that I'm all good.  




 Well I explained in my first comment. But I can explain again. 

A daughter will watch her mother and how her mother is treated by guys and how she deals with the situation. She will watch how her mother, and in this case, how her mother deals with her brother and then she treats situations with men similarly. So let's say she doesn't call the police and just doesn't want her brother to get into trouble because of this- even though it is very serious stuff. If she has a child- that type of behavior/attitude will be passed down her child and so forth. It's learned behavior. You think it's normal because that's what you've seen from your parent(s) your whole life so it becomes your norm. 

At some point, you have to break the trend. 

But she deleted her account so I'm guessing it was fake. lol 




 Social worker, substance abuse or detox center intake specialist, community development jobs, work at a battered women's shelter, college admissions worker, probation officer, depending on your state you can teach high school as long as you take a teacher cert exam- very easy, you can be a substitute teacher. And you don't have to teach sociology- you can teach history, poly sci, or other social sciences at a high school level, public relations at a business, Human Resources at a business, senior or youth service centers. 

Lots of things you can do. And there are many resources to help you find those jobs as well.  




 That's why typically a daughter will act like her mother did in that situation 




 You can do lots of stuff with a Bachelor's in Sociology. But yes, eventually you would go to grad school.  




 12 




 I did but I like to be polite.  




 Thank you!  




 Talking about killing people, raping, all that stuff is not good. It's unhealthy to be around it and it eventually will infect your life. It will infect how you deal with other people who mistreat you
 




 [Brian](http://imgur.com/XH4fpMa) 




 What was your degree? 




 You wanna see him? 




 My cat is going to live until he's 45 




 416,158

))(( 









 OH MY GOD!!!! IS THAT A HAND GRENADE!?!?!?! 




 It's dodsing. 

*Murica* 









 Hijacking top comment. 

I just found this post. You need to call the police and file a report on your brother. This will only continue to get worse for you if you do not. It will become a cycle. Where things may get better then get worse until it blows over, then get better, get worse...etc 

You may not be able to see this now. But accepting his behavior without calling th e police or enforcing consequences for his actions/words will affect your relationship with men for the rest of your life. 

It's important to do what you can to get away from him, not just for your sake but like the comment here, to help other people and other women in his life in the future.

" I mean, I dont want to get him to get in that big of trouble. "  He needs to get in big trouble. I know he's family but this behavior cannot be encouraged. 


Counselor here.   




 ))(( 




 Why would that imply a girl? 




 (   ) 




 (   ) 




 Yes I am.  




 Repeating...of course 




 He said, "We shall overcomb and there will be hell toupee!" 




 416,125 




 mrowmrowpussycarpet 




 No they all do not. If you want many of them don't such as the guy in the .gif he doesn't curl up. He runs into the water.  




 ....was there water at the bottom?  




 He's married.... 




 this gif is from a video in norway it's called ["Dodsing" or death diving](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3p4oeO-rZ04)  




 I got a [screen shot](http://imgur.com/P9476Bp.jpg) of that alien frame flash we got who was disguised as Tom Mason's wife. Looks kind of freaky, almost like a poltergeist lol.  




 she is awesome 




 Dirty Work. 

Note to self: Sam looked. 

Hey look...hot aliens...better have sex with each other 









 If you look hard enough she's not smiling. It's more of an evil frown with a dash of psychosis.  




 415,625 




 Yeah, well she's a good actress though. But...the writing for her has been awful the past couple seasons. 

I have to watch Season 5, because I'm invested in knowing what happens. But the whole Lexi shit, was awful 




 yeah brown note. forgot the official name. thanks  




 I thought so. And it actually was in the shower this time.  




 Who Frenched her brother 




 Dear Falling Skies,


I have been a fan of your show since the first season. I have been most disappointed with this season and yet I will continue to watch the show because now I am unfortunately invested in it.
A couple things. I get that the alien's name is Cochise, but when Tom Mason says it it sounds like goat cheese or coat cheese. As a result it has become increasingly annoying to me that every time Tom Mason talks about goat cheese or to goat cheese he says his name. I saw in last weeks episode they said "goat cheese" about 15-20 times in the show. It's annoying and is really ruining the experience with the show.


Secondly, please kill the Lexi storyline it's awful. This whole season has been so fragmented like you had an idea then abandoned it and changed your mind. It's been strange. Also Moon Bloodgood's character has been written has increasingly annoying. She is a good actress don't waste her talent on such trivial lines that make her sound so whiney. Please.


Lastly, stop saying goat cheese's name so much. Please. It's not necessary. I know who he is! Or perhaps you wouldn't have had to do that if you didn't make the alien's from each race all look like each other. Humans all look different. Logically from an evolutionary standpoint it would make sense that other alien races would not all look identical. Some wouldn't even be the same height. This is a common theme in film and television with aliens and sadly you have not learned from their mistakes on this issue.


If you have not listened to anything I have suggested please listen to only this: Stop saying "goat cheese" so much. Seriously quit. It ruined last week's episode. 









 The Brown Note 




 415,555 




 Makes sense.  




 415,520

You forgot commas. Palindromes are unique, like GETs or assists.  




 415,514

My drome 




 415,506 




 415,504 




 415,500 




 415,498 




 415,496 




 415,494 




 415,491

_ 




 415,489

Y 




 415,486

B 




 415,480
 




 415,470 




 415,468 




 415,466 




 415,463

Bucky 




 My cat does this too. But...he's 12. :/ 

 




 That picture looks like she's getting worse.  




 415,419 




 415,417 




 415,415 

bucky 









 It would be better if they won the game. But they tied lol 




 PLS OP!!!! 




 he eats ketchup packets and crackers. it's a hoot. 




 Pls OP 




 and play Ultima Online! 




 Pls OP 




 yeah but just extra small...and only one shot expresso 




 its creepy with no music.  




 If it fits, I sits.  




 Fucking Sarlac pit 




 415,147

bucky 




 415,116

Bucky 




 415,018

(   ) 




 415,016

Bucky 




 Well. I DCed once. I am in the middle of inking and then I see the ink come out of the gun but it doesn't render on the ground. Then I got DCed. I don't know why I would DC though, my internet is fine. 

It's just frustrating, I want to a play a full game without someone quitting, or randomly being DCed. 

You think they will ever do a free for all? 1v1v1v1v1v1v1v1?? 




 Well, why don't they just make it so it doesn't have to be random every time? lol That way I could play with my friend. And not be against him. 

Okay. I give up. I love this game. But that is the 5th time in 9 games someone has DCed. I also got DCed twice, and I've checked my ISP, I have very fast internet and the only thing I'm using it for is this game.  




 Bah. Thanks. I didn't know if it was just me or not. 

Out of curiosity, this is unrelated, do you think we'll get more than two game options? Or they will put turf wars in ranked too? Or allow you to play with friends in ranked? 




 414,772

Rule 34: If it exists, there's porn of it. 
There's a list. I don't know the rest. This is the only one that matters. 




 414,768 

Rule 34

I just beat Maniac.  




 414,760

Bucky... 




 I've played later at night here in US or in the middle of the day. It's always the same. 

I just got to C+ too but then had 4 teammates DC in a row.  




 414,754

What Bucky thing? 




 414,749

brb 




