









 Interesting fact I only recently learned: Apparently, Q Jr. was played by John de Lancie's actual son. The things you learn at 3am when you ought to be asleep. 




 And how many of them did she get involved with, in the end? 




 Maybe his aim wasn't that good. 




 But Gideon doesn't know what this Barry Allen should do. Gideon knows what *that* Barry Allen did. 




 How can light be both a particle and a wave? 

The answer probably is "the writers didn't sit down and plan out a coherent idea of how time travel works beforehand, they just went with what they thought looked cool and, yes, advanced the plot". Which is unfortunate, but I've decided to turn off my brain regarding that little detail. (It's okay if you don't take that route.) 




 I suppose. 




 Unethical? I don't think so. She has a pretty strong case for necessity here.  




 THAT IS UTTERLY BEYOND THE PALE. Ew, ew, ew. 




 Not Grodd, G- oh, wait, nevermind. 




 Many - indeed, most shows - do in fact end on a giant cliffhanger. They want to make sure you tune in in several months.

*Do you have any idea of any concept of time? time doesn't just break*

No, and you can't go into the past either. Except that this is fiction and you can, and time can do whatever the heck the writers want because they're making it all up. 




 He said 136 years, but really, lots of people say lots of things. 




 Speedforce? 




 It's sorta going by the parallel timelines rule, and it's sorta going by the timey wimey rule, and in this particular instance it's definitely going by the back to the futures rule. 




 These are people who don't understand *locks*. Simple logic and probability is equally out of their reach. 




 Jay Garrick hates Eobard and wanted to kill him (or arrest him, or beat him up) and so Eobard decided to get while the getting's good? 




 I did *not* anticipate that ending.

On the one hand, wow, I was shocked and crying at Eddie's sacrifice.

On the other hand, I really liked Eddie. I don't know that I want him to be dead.

On the other other hand, even people with little knowledge of comics know that dead people come back all the time. 




 I didn't see that. I'll have to rewatch later :) 




 Oddly, the only Q episodes I actually *enjoy* are the ones on Voyager. The rest... meh at best, rage at worst. 




 While you're on your do-gooder streak, don't forget to let people know about those girls in Cleveland. 




 Yeah, it is, but I think Clive has the capacity to be pragmatically rational about the whole thing. Once he gets over the initial squick factor. 




 Oh, yeah, I forgot about that.  




 Well, we already knew that bodily fluids would do it. 




 Now, if only there was a rational reason. Creepy and yuck. Seriously, who *does* that? There is a *limit*, man. 




 That's exactly why she dumped him, she mopes about it for a while. 




 Oooh, whatshisface is zombiefied? WHY AM I NOT SURPRISED? Now I guess the only thing to ask is this pre-creepy bloodlicking or post? 




 Fuck, you called it! Good job! 




 Gosh I hope so. 




 Yes. 




 How else is she supposed to do it? It's not like those people need them anymore, anyway. It's like organ donation. 




 No, don't, you'll get zombie cooties. 




 Thank you, Ravi, for initiating The Talk with Liv. You keep pressing that point... although, in fairness, unlike in a certain other CW series I could mention this season, Liv managed to make a logical point about why she thinks ignorance may be safer.

Edit: You know, Clive's pretty smart. They could benefit by bringing him in as well. And maybe Clive could help them convince Major. 




 Your point *is invalid* because you are *not correct*. Many people who went west had no intention of settling  and *all* of them were implicitly going to wage war on the existing inhabitants. Many of those people brought their families. Nitpicking word choice and saying "you made a mistake so you're wrong" is almost as childish as downvoting people who disagree with you. I may as well say "your point is wrong because there is no such thing as the "*oregan" trail." 

You can keep repeating "they all went to settle, they all went to settle, they all went to settle" at the top of your little lungs, but it's not going to make that statement any more true.

Furthermore, even if that had been the intent of every single emigrant who went west - so what? It is not morally better to put your child at risk because you want to "settle" than because you want to "explore". If you're trying to make that claim, you need to have some sort of argument to back it up. And, to be clear, an argument is not "settling isn't exploring! settling isn't waging war!" You need to provide some basis for why the two activities are morally different. (And it *was* waging war, ffs, so, again, that argument is utterly invalid. Why the heck do you think there are so many forts along the Oregon Trail?) 




 I'm not missing your point. I'm saying I *disagree* with it. Contrary to what you might believe, when two people disagree it is not always because one doesn't understand the other.

Among other things, your point is invalid because not every settler who went west - even those who brought their families - had any intention of "settling new territory". Many of them planned to go out for a time and then come back and had no intent to "make a new home". Your analogy is false. An argument based on that analogy fails at the start. 




 Not all of them actually planned to "settle" and "colonize". You'd be surprised how many just intended to make a quick buck and go home - and yes, many of them still either brought their kids with them or made more while they were out there!

And they *all* knew the risks of the behavior and the high child mortality rate. Choosing to go from London to America with your children, or from New York to Utah or Oregon (back in the earlier days of those movements), was putting those children's lives in more than usual danger, and their parents absolutely knew it. They made their choice. It's not like it's somehow a more responsible act to increase your kid's chance of premature death if you plan to settle than if you just plan to explore. The end result is the same.

Really, what *is* the child mortality rate for Federation children being raised on starships? I don't know. Do you? My guess is it isn't much higher than that of children raised on planets - and it's much lower than that of people on the freaking Oregon Trail. 




 Well, if you accept that the last two books exist. 




 If you're not interested in having a serious discussion about TV shows, why are you here? No sarcasm, I'm actually quite curious. If you don't want to take it seriously, you don't have to, but you're not going to get very far responding to somebody who is having fun doing just that with "it's just a TV show". 




 And many of them had to wage war to survive (kinda goes with the territory when you're the invaders) and many more didn't survive. 




  Did Lewis and Clark bring 4-year-old children with them on their expedition? Did Magellan? Would it be a good idea?

Sacajawea did. And yes, while 4 is a little young, children Wesley's age and younger were employed on exploratory vessels and warships when Columbus and Magellan were sailing around the world. We speak of "men" serving on those ships, but by our standards many of them were *boys*. It wasn't that uncommon for them to still be in their single digits, only eight or nine years old.

http://www.thepeacefulsea.com/life-at-sea.html

 If I had my kids aboard the Enterprise, I'd sure be getting them off at the next starbase after the auto-destruct countdown in Where Silence Has Lease. Imagine telling your children they were going to die (or not telling them) and getting down to just a few seconds... for a normal person, that would be a traumatizing experience, but for the Enterprise crew (and civilians, and children) that's just Tuesday.

So you stay home, and because "home" is a colony in the Borg's path, you all get assimilated.

Or you don't, but the Dominion invades and you lose everything.

Or the sun explodes and you all die.

Or somebody is really pissed about the sun thing, so he goes back in time, comes to your world and, logically, pays you back by destroying your sun. (Man, what a stupid thing to do. Why not give Romulus a head's up so they can begin fixing the problem before it starts? Well, I guess that's why the baddy wasn't a Vulcan.)

Or your kid likes to play Parisi Squares, and they get into an accident and die.

Or a visiting alien brings a disease they picked up on some other planet, something undetectable and with a long incubation rate, but highly contagious, and everybody dies. (Don't think I pulled this one from an existing ST plot, so don't ask.)

The point is, there are no guarantees in life. Death comes *unexpectedly*, that's kinda the whole point. You think it's gonna hit you on the Enterprise, so you decide to go sightseeing on Earth, but it turns out it's waiting for you in Samarra the whole time. Whoops.  You can't really be safe, no matter where you go. 




 You are by far the most useful bot I've yet encountered.  




 DS9 has the "arc-based" storytelling that we're used to nowadays, the other series are much more episodic in nature. For that reason, I for one find it an easier watch than the other series, in which every episode unrealistically has a reset button and they always seem to end on a joke no matter how many hapless ensigns have been killed by the space monster or the cunningly disguised social allegory *this* week. (Yes, this is a hugely broad brush I'm painting with. I'm not actually intending to insult anybody's favorite Trek. Each series has its good points and its low points, its shining episodes and its clunkers.)

However, if you're going to *start* with DS9 you'll miss some of the references that you're expected to just know. Might as well go watch Babylon 5, right? 

Sooooo, even though TNG is not my favorite series by a long shot (notwithstanding the fact that Patrick Stewart is terrific in every part he ever plays ever), I'd say start with that. Just feel free to skip over any episode, especially in the first couple of seasons, that is excessively stupid or cheesy. If you're still cringing after the first ten minutes, read the synopsis at Memory Alpha and move on. 




 There's some overlap. 




 Well, not usually. Breeding is a form of evolution and it is "goal directed", but people tend to forget that. 




 Correct word, though not commonly used in American English, we might say "a laugh" or just "it is also hilarious". (But most of us know what the word means, so you're fine. This isn't criticism, it's language geekery.) 
























 Unimatrix 0 probably would make a more interesting TV show than Unimatrix 351. 




 While hiding in the grass giggling? It could happen! 




 That's because they usually do it backwards. Instead of plotting it out and then writing the scripts to fit the arc, they write the scripts, through in a whole bunch of "mysterious" elements and arc-seeds, and then try to get it to all fit together by the end, hopefully wrapping up all the storylines.  




 Can they really? Huh. I did not know that. 




 Yes, remember that episode where the Doctor had a holofamily and learned the moral lesson that real people can't just shut off their lives like a game of The Sims to avoid pain and then *never visited his holofamily again*? His son was hanging out with Klingon friends and listening to god-awful popular adolescent Klingon music. 




 What, *seriously*? Clearly, I have been avoiding TNG at my peril. (I admit it, it's not my favorite Trek, and I've yet to watch the whole thing from start to finish. But I'm sure we can all get along.) 




 Given the state of Sesame Street today, maybe our society IS stagnating. I like to pretend that show ended a few decades ago.  




 Well, that's pointless. Most of the Federation is not part of Starfleet. Not all spaceflight is contracted through Starfleet either. How are those people protected if the great mass of all spacefarers can do whatever they like?

Unless Data meant, perhaps, that "The Prime Directive" applies to Starfleet, but civilians have laws in that area as well? That seems like the excessively pedantic thing he'd do. 




 Flotter might prove the OP's point. Samantha Wildman played (experienced?) Flotter holonovels as a child, and now her daughter is doing the same.

Then again, parents frequently want their kids to read and watch things that are one generation or more behind the times, what they themselves grew up with. 




 Is that officially stated anywhere? 




 Nothing. Remember why they wouldn't intervene directly during the Occupation? What Cardassia did on Bajor was officially considered an internal problem and none of their business.

My guess is that within recognized Federation space they put up warning beacons or some such stating that no contact is allowed and violators will be charged with a crime, but they may not be able to enforce that outside of more heavily populated regions of space, and there's nothing they can do for pre-warp cultures in neutral territory or otherwise outside of the Federation, even if the planet happens to have been surveyed by a Federation ship first.

But it's possible they have some sort of treaty with the other major players regarding who "owns" surveyed planets that aren't clearly in one group's territory, where the one who is in control of the planet (possibly by being the first one to register that they've surveyed it - this is all my thinking as I type on what would be the most likely approach) gets to make the rules. 




 Alternative answer: Earth is currently going through a fad for history and past cultures. (We have no idea if this trend is widespread through the Federation. All your examples are of humans.) Everything old is new again, and in another two decades the fashion will be to be stunningly up-to-date and profess ignorance of history.

Alternative two: Like before, except that it's not "Earth" it's just "Starfleet", perhaps under the influence of a couple of prominent captains and admirals, such as Picard, that everybody wants to emulate and that happen to have an interest in the past. (Except it's too obvious to be obsessed with Shakespeare and classical music and jazz because Picard is your hero and Riker is your runner-up, or baseball because you've read everything you can on Sisko who is SO awesome, so instead you focus on rock music or Cold War spy dramas or the Alamo or, I don't know, King Arthur.) It's "cool" to have an esoteric interest in the past, and the more individualized, the better. 




 If the ending did happen, I like to imagine Kara just ducked behind a tall strand of grass and giggled her butt off when they started looking for her. 




 I am doing something about it. I'm supporting this proposal. Hey! 




  A city is already a highly disrupted environment. With current technology, it can't be a low-human impact environment no matter what you do.

Indeed, but the light pollution from a city impacts rural land for a *long* way out. Light pollution, by its nature, is not compact or concentrated.

Additionally, as pointed out, there are real health risks. Do you know that women who live where they can read outside at midnight have a 78% greater chance of developing breast cancer than those who live where there is little light pollution? 




 I don't know if it is firmly established in canon that the military and Obsidian Order are typical of all Cardassians everywhere. I wouldn't base my opinions of Americans on our CIA and Marines, you know?

But let's say they are more backstabby in general. As you say, their backstabbing takes the form of "active betrayal for the benefit of themselves and their family". Humans aren't immune to that! (Equinox, amiright? Also, who the heck is behind these names? A ship named Voyager goes on a long Voyage. A ship named "equal night" does evil things. A ship named Defiant defies the Dominion. What's next, a ship named Lollipop? That'd be a good ship!) But Seska doesn't do that. Seska betrays everybody just 'cuz she can.  




 I suppose it would be interesting to have the bad guys win for good for a change. Might make the rest of the season a little depressing, though. They'd have to change the title from Star Trek: Voyager to Borg Collective: Unimatrix 351.

Now I can't get the thought of Borg television out of my head. Actually, that would be interesting. We know so little about what the Borg do other than assimilate people and, in the case of the Queen, be creepily sexually frustrated. 




 Tim Russ acted the hell out of that job, but there isn't much character development or range when you're playing an excessively straight-up and literal-minded interpretation of a Vulcan. 




 Is it? We see a wide range of Cardassian personalities on DS9 - Cardassians who wish to force their people to recognize the crimes committed on Bajor, Cardassians who want to institute democratic reforms, Cardassian soldiers who are stolid and unemotional and lacking that certain creativity needed to engage in productive backstabbing (that's Damar)....

Tangent: Now that I think about it, DS9 is as much about the Cardassians as it is about Bajorans.

The two Cardassians we see the most are Dukat and Garak. I'll tackle Garak first.

Obviously, Garak is capable of backstabbing people with aplomb. I'll take it as given that this goes with the territory when you're a member of the Obsidian Order. I'll *not* take it as given that every Cardassian is equally capable of being a member of said order, no more than every human and Vulcan is capable of being a member of Section 31. However, on the show, how often do we really see him backstabbing people? And when we do see it, do we *ever* see him doing this just because he had a whim to do so? If you ask me, the one defining feature of Garak is his steadfast loyalty to his people and his willingness to suffer to improve things for Cardassia. That's his own never-ending sacrifice. If he does betray people, he does it for what he has determined is a good cause - not just because it seems like fun.

Then there's Dukat. And Dukat is so backstabby that his own superior officers didn't trust him not to flee if the station got blown up. Good call. But two things. First, Dukat is crazy - and if that episode where he hallucinates proves anything, it proves that he's been crazy a *long* time. The hallucinations might be new, but they're just gravy. Secondly, even Dukat doesn't just backstab everybody just for the lulz. Consider his relationship with Kira. He promised her mother that he'd look out for her children. Pragmatically speaking, he didn't have to keep that promise. Really, what was the woman gonna do if he violated it, complain? But not only did he keep it, but he continued to keep it (according to the novels anyway) after her death. Kira may be right that Dukat is a selfish bastard who doesn't know what love is, but he certainly made the effort. Or consider Ziyal - actually, let's consider Ziyal in a separate paragraph.

Ziyal is a sweet, friendly young woman who couldn't backstab an armadillo. Yes, you're thinking, but she was half Bajoran and raised Bajoran. Consider the years in the slave camp, though. The other Cardassians freely warned her that her father might not save her. They didn't betray her, they gave her useful advice. And when her father *does* decide to bring her home, he sticks with her, even though this does him no favors with his family. Dukat clearly has the capability to refrain from casual sociopathy.

Now, let's look at Seska. Seska backstabs everybody all over the place, and for what purpose? Her actions have no chance of gaining her anything, and she keeps doing it even as they make her position more and more precarious. FFS, when Chakotay told Janeway that little parable about the scorpion and the frog, he wasn't talking about the Borg, he meant Seska! The Borg were more reliable than her!

If Seska had sought to improve her situation without considering how it affected others, that would be at least consistent with the more backstabby Cardassians we see, such as Dukat. But she just betrayed people for kicks! Stupid and pointless. Not the hallmarks of a compelling character, and not a terribly convincing portrayal of the Cardassian mindset either. 




 We all have to make sacrifices for the greater good. 




 No, instead they had their fairy tale ending with deities. Or something. Not really sure.... 




 Paying people is contrary to his utopian vision of Federation economy. 




 Except for that last season. Ugh, what *was* that? 




 And Seska. A Cardassian infiltrator rightly disliked and distrusted by both sides, forced to stick it out with them anyway on the chance of getting home in 70 years - that could've been interesting.

Instead, she was just another Cardassian infected by chronic backstabbing syndrome.  




 There are multiple benefits to reducing light pollution, as listed upthread.

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2627884/

 If you see it as such a big priority, and if it is really so easy, why don't you so it for them? If you pay for it out of pocket and handle the installation, I'm sure plenty of buildings would be more than happy for you to install some energy saving equipment.

Whatever happened to personal responsibility? 




 Nope, the lamest thing you can do is insulting others based on them "residing on the first floor of a tenement", whether or not that happens to be true. 




 Whole spices last longer and are generally a better investment. I also generally find they're less expensive because I am more able to buy them in bulk, however, ymmv. (I use a dedicated coffee grinder if I need them ground.) 




 Okay, so when you shine lights all around and it affects my health and the environment and my ability to see the stars, that's the free society. But when the government says "shut down the lights if you're not using them", that's "butting into people's lives"?

So you can butt into my life, but the government can't butt into yours, is that it? 




   No one would pay New York any mind if it weren't for its built form and buildings

That's a completely ridiculous assertion and you know it.

But if it's true - I say, bring it on! Let's ditch all the fucking tourists! (And, as a bonus, we get to get rid of *you*. Win-win all around, I say.) 




 I can't stand that "warm orange glow". Makes me feel like I'm walking around in an oddly colored horror flick. 




 It's not enough to use LEDs, you also have to design the lights so the light goes directly down and very little is directed sideways or up.

Having the lights on a motion sensitive dimmer might also help - say, if they were dim normally, but brightened up a little when a person car went under them. But I don't know how feasible that upgrade would be. 




 Indeed. Incidentally, I believe that when referring to Deaf culture, one uses a capital letter. 









 Marco's Millions. It's the prequel to The Boxes. 




 Good for you. For a while, no joke, paperback was hovering in the $80s. 









 It goes for an insane price at Amazon, or at least it did last time I bought a copy. 




 It's been sixteen days. Are the weeks longer on Bajor? 




 Sure, there are more of those jobs now - but nearly all the job growth since the recession has been in low-wage service industry jobs. Jobs that people will quite blithefully declare "don't deserve" a living wage to do.

Our society will take decades to adjust to post-scarcity economics. By the time it reaches us, I'll be dead of old age. In the interim, things are gonna *suck*.  




 I didn't ask for a list of jobs, I asked which ones are in the list of most common jobs in America.

http://www.ranker.com/list/most-common-jobs-in-america/american-jobs

None of your list are on the list of most common jobs in America. Since the recession, nearly all job growth has been in low wage service industry jobs - not in computer *anything*. 




 No, not based on reality. I think you're either making this up wholesale, or heavily exaggerating, because the statistics - as compared to your anecdata - says that there's no such thing. 




 That, in a nutshell, is why I buy Orson Scott Card's books *used*.

My rule of thumb is that if I'm pretty sure they're still doing whatever terrible thing it is (or would still be doing it if they had the chance), then I won't financially support them. If they've stopped doing it (or are dead), then so long as the art itself doesn't glorify rape or abuse, I'm okay with it. Other people will have different personal approaches, and that's all right too. 




 Well, unless the Deaf activists all set out for their own colony where they can preserve Deaf culture in perpetuity. 

...like that novel Blindsight, but with less of a dystopian vibe, and without the blindness. 




 Welfare queens are a myth. They don't exist in any sort of actual numbers. They never did. 




 Perhaps like in that extremely preachy DS9 two parter where they go back in time and the captain replaces a rioter? 




 It's a city, not a corporation. It doesn't have or need a "brand". The city is made by people, not buildings. 




  If it were recessive, wouldn't that mean that squibs cannot be born to two magical parents?

Not necessarily. It might be that a certain "squib gene" blocks magic in individuals that would otherwise have had it. 




 Oh, I think dimming the lights certainly will have an impact, as will improving our street lighting. 

And why should we leave the skyline alone? Are you also suggesting we should never put up new buildings, as those affect the skyline? Or that we should never tear down old or decrepit ones?

Keeping the skyline as is to appease one dude on reddit seems like a very silly notion. 




 Why not? 




 Light pollution interferes with our ability to view the night sky (so anybody interested in astronomy cares), disrupts ecosystems (so environmentalists care), and has health effects (so anybody human either cares or ought to care). 




 No such thing is required in any state, although IDs may be required for certain activities, such as driving, buying various controlled substances, and voting. 




 Then they lied to you. 10% of Americans do not have any form of legal identification. They are not breaking any national or state law.

Some people will say any old thing. 

http://blogs.findlaw.com/law_and_life/2014/02/do-you-have-to-carry-id-with-you-at-all-times.html  




 Yes, with the right documents. And what if they can't obtain those documents? What if they can't get to the DMV? What if they don't have the fee? 




 Would you kill your daughter if she got pregnant? Would you kick her out of the home? Would you exile her to Tranquility Bay? Would you lock her in her room and deny her all contact outside the family until she turned 18, and *then* kick her out and not pay for any form of education or support?

Oh, no? Well, then you're not the reason young women need to be able to make this decision without parental input if necessary. 




 You don't need to show an ID to get medical treatment. If you show up to the hospital with a broken bone, but you're one of the 10% of Americans without an ID, they don't just send you home. 




 10% of adult American citizens do not have an ID. The trouble is that once you're in that hole, it's hard to gather the points of identification needed to get an ID, because many of those things are not available without an ID. If this sounds Kafkaesque, that's because it is. 




 Maybe we can be the biggest and the best at *not being wasteful*. We can take pride in having *visible stars*. 




   When the personal computing revolution happened, a lot of jobs were made obsolete, and yet many new jobs were created through the economic growth that computers have driven

Most of those jobs seem to have been in trucking. A great number of other jobs were in low-wage fields such as cashiering and waitressing. How many genuinely *new* jobs are common nowadays? Say, in the top 50 list.

I can name one - software engineer. 




 What new occupations have been opened up in the past decade? 

 Ideally with enough automation, no one would need to have a job to sustain a comfortable lifestyle anyway. 

Post scarcity is gonna be great, sure... if we all survive the interim which is filled with people saying "If they don't work, they don't eat" and acting like this is compassion. 



















































































































































































 I'm thinking about it. 







































 These are people who have apparently never heard of locks. It takes a special kind of person to work in STAR Labs. 














 Yup. I'd love it more if Liv spoke to other female recurring characters more than once every other episode. 




 Stupidity. Sheer, crushing stupidity. 




 Sure, why not? 




 Kinda has to be. How many authors have the initials V. V. V.? 



















 No wonder that customer said the visions were "boring"! 




 Like in Heroes...? 



















 Have you read the article? Because it certainly is explained therein. 




  the difference between 6 months and 8 months really isn't a big difference to me or anyone.

At 25 weeks of pregnancy the is a 50% chance at viability with medical assistance in case of a premature birth. At 32 weeks, that chance is at 96%. At 22 weeks, the chance is 0%.

 It's right there in the article that it won't change abortion legality when it comes to certain medical conditions, rape, and incest. That's the point.

Elective abortions are still legal - if rare - at 21 weeks. And don't forget that in addition to the closing of abortion clinics throughout the US, many states have mandatory "waiting periods" between when you go in to get an abortion and when you are able to have it done. Those can push you closer to the 20 week mark. 

It's not terribly uncommon for a woman to not know she's pregnant until three or four months. My own mother didn't know she was pregnant with me until four months, because she was traveling and she always had a late period when traveling! Women who have irregular periods are especially prone to not realizing that *this* time it's late because of a pregnancy. 















































































 Abortion and also the most effective forms of birth control, because those "might" really be abortions in disguise (even though all the science indicates that they're not). 




 Elective abortions at eight or nine months aren't legal, so I don't see what you're arguing about. The only abortions at that point are when the fetus is already dead, or has a condition incompatible with life that puts the mother at risk if she tries to carry to term anyway.

You're creating a false connection between "abortions at 21 weeks" (rare, but legal, and generally for medical reasons instead of elective reasons) and "abortions at 8 months" (not legal except where medically indicated). That's like if a vegan shows up and tries to claim that my eating some fried chicken is *exactly the same* as my eating elephant steaks because, you know, elephants are an endangered species and highly intelligent. 




 Yes, you'd probably know, but in many states there is only one abortion clinic. A poor woman might need time to gather up money and resources to get over there and have it done. 










































































