












































 they dont work for Apple. 




 or she discover she was actually a american being brainwash by a Russian mad scientist to become loyal subject of Putin 









 i am impressed by how much work they put into the development of each character, so many people are working on these for months and years to develop and fine tune every detail of the character. i use to think they got just one or two mentor for each talent.  




 online funding campaign for one way first class ticket should be started 




 this is either insanity or refreshing honesty from a politician  














 the deal with Aussie is that nature is always trying to kill them. 



















 he is talking like he is a great family man with such strict family value when he cheated on his wife and have at least one illegitimate daughter. 

his son is caught with 100 gram of weeds and he make it sound like he is a drug dealer.  









 also Invasion USA 
























 it make sense with solar setup in hawaii 




 how do you make unlimited amount of products? 







































 everytime there is this fear for automation in the past, things got better for the workers, dangerous and repetitive work is lost but more high paying and skilled work was created. 




 will it pick up hooker at truck stop and install truck nuts? 




 i got a feeling the yelp rating will go down for this hotel 














 all these star players are stage managed for their appearance in public. 




 to be fair, it is the last piece of a delicious cake, how can you say no to that? 



















 dont the United States already taken over Texas from the Texas republic like 100 years ago? have Texas somehow got away? 




 they are busy having sex with other boys and dog 




 why would they want to claim this clusterfuck? the only two guy that got shot is their guys.  









 well, Florida man and Florida woman take turn at these headline 




 african  countries may have block voting for blatter, also CONCACAF exec have praise Blatter as combination of Jesus, Mandela and Lincoln. pretty clear which way the wind are blowing over there. 














 maybe they will be different when they dont have all those endorsement deal that demand a good public image. 




 especially after he have taken a huge hit of bath salts 














 It is known 




 he is looking set for another landslide victory 




 then this new line up is much more qualified that the previous line up, Jodie Kidd is a part time racer, Guy Martin is full time racing mad man and part time truck mechanic 

Philip Glenister may be there to play the Clarson persona.  




 R+L=S? 









 what is precisely clarkson's qualification or for that matter the other two guys? 

are they not totally out of their depth compare with those guy over at Fifth gear that are mostly racing driver?
 









 the 4th graders are getting an education on how adult can be total asshole 




 they may not be in headline for long, four army are pushing in on boko haram on all four corner.  




 HBO HQ will be destroyed in a riot if Tyrion die 




 Jorah will be forced to watch, a punishment worst than death 




 so the american military is bombing them in response to the flag burning? 




 American flags is globally the most popular flag to burn, no problem have been observed after each burning 









 after so many season of hearing about how much a total badass fighting machine this guy is and never seen him fight, he got his ass kicked the first time he got into some action, damn. 









 actually the governor call in the Texas Ranger, not all the Texas Ranger, just one

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NIYZVSElmj4 




 we should all remember that Mourinho greatest achivement in Chelsea is selling David Luiz for 50 mil 









 Is it so unusual for Florida? 









 you always double down, never quit like a pussy 
























 well chess boxing is a awesome sport that need to be in olympic 




 Breaking News : ISIS onslaught began at Colorado, Weeds to be blamed 




 Alex is so awesome this episode, she have been so underused for many episodes 




 she twitted the photo herself 





























 Annie pleasure bot is so hot 









 an  important military allies of the US and the 4th largest trade partner 




 why? the nuke have no military value with any of their enemy. US and Russian military never use it to win war after WW2. both got stuck in the quagmire of Afghanistan with lost of many soldier when they can just blow up the entire country with a few nuke and win the war. they also did not use the nuke in chechnya, ukraine, korea, vietnam. why keep around so many useless weapon when the number they have in stockpile can still destroy the entire world many time over. 




 Both US and Russia are reducing their stockpile 




 before i click the link, i imagine it was prop joe delievering the message of the co-op 




 i will be interested in a documentary about the making of this documentary, how much will scientology fight back against this compare with the previous BBC documentary. 














 we need to get James Bond's take on this as a scot 



















 they are calling him to resign from columbia, not the tv show 




 he is banking on this reputation as surgeon to sell the snake oil, the biggest load of bullshit is when he said his show is not a medical show. but he is wearing scrub on set, and the show is called the Dr Oz show. all to establish his credibility as a doctor giving trust worthy advice to the viewers 
























 Never bullshit a bullshitter 




 this is amateur number, Kim Jong Un got 100%  









 http://www.salon.com/2015/04/26/stannis_the_mannis_baratheon_why_hes_the_best_game_of_thrones_character_and_rightful_king_of_westeros/ 









 if western company pull their factory from third world countries like banglades, their garment industry will collapse and all those worker will go back to even lower paying job with even more dangerous condition. 

it is better to think of way to help the countries to develop like South Korea, Hong Kong and Taiwan that have been the location for sweatshop 50 years ago but through improve education and capital accumulation move on from labour intensive industry to high end manufacturing and service industry. 




 the best moment is when Stannis give protips to Jon Snow, and when he approve, is there a gif for that? 




 did the train really run on time during his reign? 














 Texas man should know that this is the job for Florida man 














 if these undercover dont turn gay by embracing the gay lifestyle so much, i dont know what will. 




 He said he initially denied impregnating the girl in 2011 because the information would ruin his reputation as a teacher.

 During the investigation of this story, Mokoena also threatened to hunt down, assault and kill this journalist.

seen like he is going to be a great father/grandfather 




 i am too, when a news article start with "man" and something stupid/crazy, 90% of the time it is a florida man 














 they say he is full of shit, his reply is that this is not a medical show, so no problem with the bullshit.  














 the obvious thing to do now will be Louis Theroux making a documentary about the making of the scientology documentary 





























 why did the cooling technology changed from being able to cool the summer help to just able to deal with winter heat? dont they promise  air conditioned stadium during the bidding? 




 it become a story because of The Streisand Effect 














 Phil, Claire, Amber, and Ronnie going to get it on this season? between this and Luke drawing his junk, the show have become so much more adult oriented now. 




 Mance Rayder was so pimp on Rome

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGYI1UHK5jM 




 the Koch brothers should take over the Apprentice and start a new season with all republican primary hopeful. winner will take home 1 billion dollar in superpac money. 




 guy with massively popular tv show said he is being silenced by 10 doctors that the public never heard off before? 














 Biden should never be send to Dubai 









 Mourinho still laughing at the bank with his 50 mil 









 those are the marketing guys that said that, legal guys are the one going after the pirates. 




 David Miscavige's niece is also a outspoken critic of scientology 









 just dont read going clear, the current most popular scientology book 




 this is due to the expose that Tidal is illuminati? 



















 there is no sequel, this is about the events that happen when several groups try to send the movie to north korea 




 this summer, the kremlin is ..... Under Siege!!! 




 It is gangnam style 




 no show can handle that much pimp 




 what does the rightful king have to do to get a single person kneel before him? Zod would have more luck getting Superman to kneel at this rate.
 




 the character is likable for the honeydicking process 









 it improve season after season, and this season is off to the strongest start ever, hope it will be a all time classic season. 




 everyone in Seinfeld are also unlikable douchebag, i think it is testament to the quality of the writing and acting that they make these unlikable character funny 




 the Selina and Gary scene should be submitted for Emmy 




 Selina and Gary = OTP 









 come right by the the station and ask for Sergeant Harris 









 this is more damming evidence that he is part of the illuminati, wake up sheep!!! 



















 how big will a horse dick condom be? 









 are you seeing ads on that page? 




 wikileaks is hosting those leaked sony emails, this is part of the leak 









 no regrets!! 









 because it is hard to evacuate in a timely fashion? 




 with one thousand room each, they are going to host 2-3 thousand football fans in each ship. if they got drunk and enraged by the result of a game. it can cause some serious damage on the confined space of a cruise ship if emotion boiled over when they returned to ship. 









 he have already make hundred of millions in his career, if the only thing he is into is drug and prostitutes, i dont see how it will reduce his net worth any time soon. he would be more worry about his business manager stealing his money or making major bad investment. 




 but it is precisely what they claim, the climb have energised his intellect more powerful than any nuclear bomb 




 he raised 4.3 mil in first 9 days, currently too legit to quit 




 how much drug and prostitutes he is doing daily? he is still getting paid millions this year. 




 how dare you doubt the physical prowess of supreme leader 




 the creation of CP itself is child sexual abuse, the demand for CP is in effect sexual abuse of children 




