 I love stuffed artichoke. But they are seasonal and rarely done right.





Muffalatta is another but a heavy task to eat so  i stay away for the most part 




 Wtf? 




 The movie "The prestige" and the 2 different theories surrounding the machine in it 




 I mean come on use your imagination, but here is a few





1.Disliked tyson




2.Money on the fight




3.Money on the round it would end in, not specifically the fighters




4.a much more memorable fight with tyson losing, having him in the spotlight




5.he was tired, ready to go home




6.Money on tyson getting knocked out, which was probaly like a 1000 to 1




7.Paid off by douglass





On and on. Im not saying it was melicous but its a possibility. He might of just made an error. But to say tyson got the same count and time to get up is easily debunked by the tape, its an obvious difference. Half a second can be a world of difference to a boxer in that situation, and its a more than half a second difference. Again im not a big tyson fan, but a big boxing fan and there is concern about the difference in counts that ruin the fight for me.





If you like the big upset aspect of a fight as you said in your first post, look into Rumble in the Jungle, Ali wasnt even supose to Survive the fight, thats literally what they said. There was major concern for his well being. The KO is the greatest moment in boxing history imo 




 The prestige, the machine Doesnt Work. It makes more sense in the context of the film, but i concede there are holes in both theories 




 Moby dick by Led Zeppelin. Best drum rolls ever 




 Doggie style, nothing crazy here. Great view of the ass and ample opportunity for tity grabbing 




 Deer sausage is incredible. Poboys, breakfast, w/e. Deer is a much "cleaner" tatsing meat 




 Pussy 




 Over seasoned ill give you, but overcooked is a massive misstep.  




 Im fucking dead what does this BS have to do with anything. Lets get to the afterlife plz 




 Thats deep, but flawed at the same time.  




 Fair enough 




 Dallas off playbook in madden




And im a saints fan but dallas always gets the best off playbook imo 




 Elements 




 Sure. But if you are sleeping with both can create a tough situation to be loved back 




 Does it matter?



 And stupid question from OP music is opinion based nobody can tell you whats a good genre you have to decide for yourself 




 Freedom, from django. When the background voices start that "Ommmmm". Gives me chills just thinking bout it 




 You wouldnt have to go, you could refuse and suffer the consequences.




Would i go? Depends solely why we are at war. 




 That dont sound horrible, but on a cookie....idk maybe not for me.





Theres something called Fish sauce or something to that effect. Made from rotting fish heads, and other things. Commonly used by vietnamese to produce soups and some instances for dipping sauce. Great cooking tool, but terrible for dipping imo 




 Again fair points i have to say. Id like to look more into dual serial killing as well.




Just a fun fact, they made a bank out of that "murder castle". Employees had been in the basement and had strange stomach turning feelings. Even saw evidence of the "hot box" and other stuff, pretty wild. It operated well into the 1900's. Eventually being tore down and the basement filled in. 




 My research finds the rumor implausible but it is a possibility. And i believe one of his relatives swears he was and had documentation or something 




 Fair enough 




 Yes. A burger is still awesome whether the cow speaks english 




 Wtf is vegemite? 




 Peanut butter and bananas. Usually thin chopped banana on toast with lightly spread PB, off the chain!!! 




 People will always find a way to cheat. Take their ability to cheat away they are the bum you always knew they were 




 You can be exploited before you "win" is my point 




 Giving up the pussy has nothing to do with exploiting the power of the pussy. Most guys "pussy whipped"  have never had that pussy but they are whipped by the implication of getting some, ie pussy power 




 Fair points. Although i will point out they were a team, not technically a serial killer, i bring that up not to be snotty but alot of dual person crimes n killing are brought on by encouragement of the other. In some cases the crimes would not have been comitted w/o such. Edited post a bit regardless




Yea erick larsons' book was amazing. I went in reading wanting to know about holmes specifically but caught myself dazzeled with the inner workings of the fair. Also some decent documentaries on youtube about holmes 




 Christopher Hitchens debate against his brother. On youtube hitchens vs hitchens




He speaks with a ferver and determination and his words rang very true to me 




 Small talk 




 /r/changemyview






Their rules are nonsensical. The first person who posts in your thread who doesnt "change your view" can complain to the mods and have your thread removed. 




 One of the most honest interview you will ever see from a convicted killer.




Is he considered a serial killer though, he only killed for money? 




 His story was embellished but a little harsh to hate someone who spent most of his adult life serving your country. 




 Thats creepy as fuck yo, maybe not wrong morally but definitly creepy 




 He is rumored to have been h h holmes who was caught and convicted, but of other murders 




 Wanting random pics of such would qualify as creepy... 




 Any. Everything is better fried 




 This, no doubt. But Wow what a creepy name...... 




 I agree but much better without a bra 




 Bernie maddoff 




 Fan circulation distributes the heat. If you have got a pan in a conventional oven the heat is only coming from below the pan and it takes longer to reach the top and middle.




A fan oven distributes the heat more evenly to the top middle and bottom, cooking the food quicker. 




 H H Holmes, guy built his own slaughter hotel less than 2 miles from the first american Worlds Fair. The amount he killed will never be known, but he killed alot. Even profited off their remains, and has been rumored to be Jack the ripper




First known lone American serial killer, always something more disturbing about the first in your turf  




 Knowledge is power 




 When the loop closes the original ceases to exist? Your first comment to me lead me to believe you favored this now im not so sure now 




 Every song is great, how can you not mention The ocean, the song remains the same, or threst really. They have some popular songs but its never on any top 100 list and always overshadowed by Zeppelin 2 and untitled.




To me its the best ever, at least top 20 taking in different genres, but if it aint in the top 20 underrated imo.






If you are looking for more obscure, Silvertides' "Show and tell". Great unknown album, sounds like the Black crowes meets Ac/Dc. Aint coming home is an unknown anthem 




 Damn, sounded like it came from the heart and yet i cant stop laughing 




 Temper 




 Houses of the Holy(album) Led Zeppelin 




 I could see that, barely but on the other hand what constitutes good hobbies? Wouldnt this be an easy question to lie about, with no way to check on? Would you disqualify someone for not having hobbies but is qualified for the job? Imo relatibilty is overrated in an interview. Its arkward and nervewrecking to begin with and someone who is relatable during this process has no direct correlation to their relatabilty to co workers. 




 What are your hobbies? WTF does it matter what i do in my spare time, ridiculous 




 Why would you need wikipedia knowledge to explain this? 




 Lol i dont even know what that means, "fucker her"?? 




 Yea ill think ill read it myself 




 Many. Cooking, music, dancing, fighting the british, fighting both World wars etc. and major contributions to all named. What you seem to fail to realize is not every southerner supported or participated in slavery. And you rounding us all together is offensive, bias and a damn shame to those southerners who did.




Do you define your "inheritance" or "tradition" by profiting off the slaughter of Native Americans? Are you so nieve to believe northerners all supported the war or made no profit off of slavery? Do you attack christians for their dark days?
 




 Wikipedia is about as reliable as your dope head uncle. He can be depended on sometimes but other times he is talking jibberish. 




 What?? Why wouldnt they read it themselves instead of waiting to get though? 




 I defined it three different ways already. Rebel flag, tradition, and inheritance. This is your post and question which i cant answer if you cant define your own question. 




 Many people, of all races gender and size, exploit whatever they can, alot of people just want a free ride. Gold diggers exploit the power of the pussy 




 Not all oscar nominated movies are disney like. Do some research before hand. 




 Sound about right, probaly searching for an applicable post atm 




 It seems he doesnt even know what southern heritage is, or at the very least clearly define it.





He seems like the type of person to bitch about the confederate flag but ignore the nazi symbols or christian symbol in the country and ignore all the horror and slavery associated with them. Also type of person to get uppity only when a racial crime is covered by the media and ignore the countless others that happen every day. May be wrong but this post leads me to believe not. 




 I dont know if id even watch it. The first 4 seasons were amazing but after that i was just hanging around for the most depressing end ever 




 If you are defining southern heritage as the rebel flag, ill agree with most of what you said. But i also respect those to have a different opinion and their right to wave a flag, any flag. Should they change the flag, no, its historical. Should it be hung from government buildings, that is a tricky question, and imo no. But do i care if my neighbor has one on his car, house, shirts, no and frankly neither should you. Not every northerner was against slavery either. For that matter there are just as much racist northerners as they are in the south, now and back then.




If your defining heritage as tradition, or inheritance, again not every southerner supported or participated in slavery. Do you define your family traditions by every wrong they have ever done? Is it possible in your mind to uphold your family traditions even if you disagree with their actions? Do you define your northern heritage as having a major hand in the wrongful slaughter of the Native americans?





Also on another note. Slavery was only combated partially on the notion of human rights, and the slaves lively hood. And partially because the south and its exports, cotton,etc, could charge whatever they wanted. The north had no leverage, they couldnt boycott forever. The south wasnt effected by such because they didnt pay their workers. So eventually the north would have to agree to much higher price than deserved. The civil war was fought partially for human rights and partially for economic of goods, including a few other reasons.




Your post implies that all southern heritage is from slave owners and the northern heritage has no such implications, this is ludicrous. I would assume most reasonable people in the country dont feel that way. Every person who lived in the north were not against slavery nor do they have clean hands when it comes to racism and equal rights, same can be said of the south.  




 Not everyone in the south has slavery in their past. Not everyone in the south at the time of slavery supported it. So, no, kind of a stupid and bias question in of itself. 




 How would that stop the virus?? They built a whole walled in city that didnt help but a shotgun would? Unlimited ammo? 




 Ever seen Ali vs Foreman? 




 Not someone like Ali, they have had people train to fight for real for their whole life couldnt beat Ali in his prime, what makes you think someone who just fake fights could? 




 Why would you want to know this on a serious basis? 




 Rounders. Worm is one of my fav characters of all time 




 Crazy to think 2000 is "old" music 




 Creationism 




 1.Shower




2.Work




3.Get high or drunk. Mostly both




4.Sleep





5.Repeat 




 Ali no doubt. Ali didt fake fight for a living.... 




 Tip drill 




 Of course it does 




 The dexter finale, sad for me it ended in the worst way, knowing i spent all those hours watching episodes just to be let down 




 Explain it in a realitive easy to understand way 




 Be the natsiest Sob in there, dont wipe your ass,etc 




 When i get the intial feeling i got to piss, dont know why 




 28 days later 




 Few more questions for you, btw thaks for the repiies.




1.How does the protein on the egg thing age 5 or 6 years if the box can only go back as far as it has been initialy set? 




2.Is it possible aaron tells Grady(father) about the machine after the original party incident where something presumbaly happens to his daughter?  take the emergency coversation abe and aaron have into play




3.Is there a logical explaination for why Granger is sitting outside aarons house and why he ran away after following them? 




 1.Ok so every box usage creates a parallel timeline. So we are being talked to from aaron 2 from the 3rd timeline? Because timeline 2 doesnt have a 3rd aaron, and once the timelines pass the loop the original cease to exist so thats why there is 2 left at the end? With this logic there would have to have been 3 abes but he doesnt use the machine with aaron the 3rd time he goes alone to switch with aaron2, so why are we left with the same number of abes and aarons when they didnt use the machine the same amout of times?




2.Ill buy that




3.REDDIT




4.Ill buy that, and i originally assumed that. But what do they do with the body(i realize this is speculation), or they keep the body till it passes the loop and it ceases to exist? Wouldnt keeping the body at aarons have aaron1 directly crossing paths with 2 n 3(which aaron does cross paths but abe doesnt know that and trys to prevent such an act so why would abe willing do this?)? 




5.So they are voluntarily up in the attic? Was this explained why they went in the attic instead of say a hotel? 




 Their awake? 




 1.So you are saying the only aaron left at the end is the one building the bigger machine? What about the 2 abes, the one watching for aaron and the original?



2.How would aaron 2, narrator, know about the last timeline, or the countless times he went back to change the partys outcome?




3.Ill buy that, just seemed like there was more to it.




4.It seemed like how Granger found out and used the machine was a complete mystery to aaron and abe, did they figure it out? They never actually use the failsafes together and i thought abe at that point was unaware that aaron knew about the fail safes.





5.Ill buy that, but why can the girl hear rat like sounds in the attic?
 




 Never seen EH, but i have seen this graph. It contradicts some other explainations ive seen but its damn detailed.



It doesnt answer my questions unfortunately. What happens after the timeline does abe 12345 cease to exist like wiki says or some other possibility? And if they do how is the end possible?


It doesnt touch on my 2nd and 3rd questions. For that matter not even the 4th or 5th but i realize the last two questions are most likely unanswerable to 100% certainity. 




I feel like im missing something here, thats obvious im just not grasping. 




 SPOILERS




According to wiki, once the original version passes the loop he ceases to exist and the traveller continues. How does the end make sense in this logic?




Assuming wiki is wrong, Aaron travels back to change the party 20 times or more, shouldnt there be 20 or more versions?




Abe tells aaron in the airport dont force me to use the power i have, what is he referring to?




What do they do with comatose Grady? 




How do they keep the versions of themselves locked in the attic, why can the wife or SO hear rat like noises?





Will say Great movie, watched it earlier today 1st time and have been spending time trying to piece it together. Through reddit and google. Any help with these questions would be appreciated




EDIT: LOL messed up the title...bad, didnt notice till now. 




 You keep throwing around insults, falsifying stats, and the whole time completely missing the point of the thread. Its not a thread about tattoos effect on you getting a job, which you keep bringing up. Its comical to epic proportions your bias against tattoos and your judgement of those who have them. Made quite clear by you trolling this thread that has nothing to do with the bias points you are failing to make, NOTHING. Make your own thread to hate on, or stay on the topic at hand, but either way im appalled by your bias and amused at your ignorance on the subject. Hope you dont act like this in public.... 




 Yea i thought it might have been from the song "for your life". That other quote is great from "no quarter" my favorite zeppelin song. 




 Yea you would have to know a song, simply putting can in doesnt bring them up



Its jamming 




 You are not focusing properly imo then 




 I dont even see them on youtube 




 Damn this is for your life? 




 Hell yeah thats great, from "Thank you" 




 My fav is "Squeeze my lemon till the juice runs down my leg" The lemon song 




 I like that, achilles last stand?



EDIT: battle of evermore 




 I like a wide range mostly genres of rock. I love allman bros, zeppelin, sabbath, iron maiden, govt mule, Stp, dream theater, etc 









 I will, im familar with the other bands you name so if its anything similar im sure ill dig it 




 Does it stand for something? 




 Yea i can respect that. I feel like that with paranoid by sabbath. I think most of that comes with both those albums are so over played 




 What is can? 




 Agreed except id go Wish you were here, Animals, Dark side. Meddle being a 9/10. Animals is so underrated, so damn good. 




 Edge of tomorrow. Ive tried 4-5 times, its so boring. 




