 Why do you hate him? 




 Yeh completely understand and I can't be arsed with it all either, would love to just skip to the start of the season. I'm confident we will have a good summer though, everyone is on holiday, give it another week/two and reckon we will see it all start clicking into place  




 Just quite confident that we will get him, can't really explain why I am but I think because a lot of players are on holiday that's why nothing is happening and being said that seems like it's on the cusp 




 My Man!!! Didn't even know, definitely getting it now as a birthday treat to myself 




 The rumours did come from seemingly nowhere but Canal+ or whoever there sport channel that tweeted it seemed certain we were in for him, have a feeling LVG would like him and sees him as an ideal Carrick replacement as well 




 Probably schneiderlin I reckon is the most likeliest at the minute. Dunno who we are targeting for RB now 




 Fowler, McManaman, Beglin etc 




 Dan Abnett and Andy Lannings Nova run especially now with the movies starting to show a bit more of the cosmic side 




 I know, it's a damn shame. My grandad said he was confident of us scoring whenever Law had a chance  




 I've posted before about meeting The King on here and I'll just say it all again he was amazing, kept me talking about football, got pictures with him and just an all round great bloke and a pleasure to talk too and spend some time with. 

My grandad always goes on about him, Best, Charlton, Byrne etc but when he talks about the holy trinity he gets a glint in his eyes and you can still see the wonder. He says he's the greatest striker he's ever seen play football not just for United and my grandad has watched a lot over the years. He had it all according to him and could do everything you wanted in a striker, he is The King 




 Yep Real doing what they do best 




 Oh of course they are pricks, I know he's leaving but can't be arsed with a new story every day with nothing in it till he leaves 




 Them and Real leaking loads of shit to their mouth pieces 




 Then they can do that and shut up this year 




 Well having no defence until December is a tad troublesome... 




 The amount of stuff he posts he's bound to get ones right, a week or so ago he said Dani Alves was ready to go to PSG and the contract was done and then Alves came out and said PSG was never an option and Blanc denied everything 




 And a lot of United fans wished Ronaldo all the best and still do, it's all down to the manner in which they are leaving 




 Roy Keane, his performance against Juve after knowing he won't be playing in the champions league final was astonishing, dragged us to the final. 




