 But, why male models? 




 Could it still burn but not be exposed to infection? 




 "Go to the theater, she said. It'll be fun she said."-Lincoln 




 Can't remember what game does something similar.  A few hours in it straight up says: "sure, you could keep playing but what about having a life?" 




 I believe that's racist. 




 Cumberbatch. 




 How many walkers have you killed?



How many people?




Why? 




 This needs to be more. Perhaps a new film starring Arnold schwarzenegger or maybe a new ride at Universal Studios. 




 [MRW](http://i.imgur.com/kjKq6dH.gif) I read this. 




 hoohhooowhat? 




 I thought it explained itself one too many times but it didn't seem complicated to me. I was just like, "yeah, I get it." 




 It'd have to be a new character just as he is being trained, similar to the first game. He assassinates two targets in an attempt to discover where the templars have hidden the holy grail. After the second, the assassins reveal to the main character that they'd been grooming him to become the best assassin, in order to kill the pope (Assassin's creed II), just after killing the pope, the papal vault opens up as it does in the game and we see the precursors appear and when they are about to reveal the location of the holy grail the dna stream desyncronises and desmond wakes up in abstergo to an explosion in the lobby. Security rushes him to the holding cells when they are killed by a female assassin. She shoots out a window, looks out into the street below then at desmond. She says, " I knew your father, I can get you out of here. I need you to trust me." 

"Ok." 

"Just let go into the air like a bird, and remember 'nothing is real, everything is permitted'." 

The two eagle dive into a passing trash truck bed.

cut to black. 




 ...me. 




 "Remember when we used to care about science?"

"Nope, get back to your combine." 




 The Matrix


American Beauty



No country for old men



There will be blood




Cabin in the woods (fingers crossed)



Inception




District 9





Inglorious Basterds



The Hangover



Blue Valentine




Gone Girl




Drive 




 I would love to direct video game movies, I even have a list somewhere.

MGS


Bioshock



Assassin's Creed, etc. 




 What do you mean you just watch it? Like with my eyes? 




 "Daniel, I am a servant of The Lord! Please stop with your vulgarities!"-Eli 




 A home video of everyone you've ever loved. You would go from immense sadness to depression to mourning, rage followed by acceptance. Then you'd begin to wonder how their lives continued after you were gone. You'd create intricate backstories of arguments and vacations, imagine them to the smallest details. Madness consumes you, you are angry but don't understand why, sad but don't understand why. You stare at the faces of strangers,numb, for an eternity. Centuries pass and you cannot quite recognize these people. Then you create a new story with them and how they were once people you loved... 




 Um, [Butt-Numb-A-Thon](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Butt-Numb-A-Thon) in Austin does exactly this, it's in a decent theater with like minded individuals. 









 Those aren't mountains... 




 Inception score out of nowhere. 




 BAAAAAAAM BAAAAAAM "...I just wanted you to know, and most importantly- *BRAAAAAOUUUUUUUUUGG* 




*Best original Screenplay. 




 No, it's a fugaizi 




 Pshh only complete wussies need a hospital room full of medical equipment and attention to fix their back. Not Batman, just punch that shit! 




 ...? 




 Mega station 




 This is fantastic! After watching Interstellar, I immediately had to come back to KSP.  




 Thats a hell of a kickstarter... 




 To achieve what?  Also why did coop show up right where a space station was? 




 Can someone please explain the ending and how his daughter saved the world? 




 He would fit neatly into the House of Cards universe. Would love if he joined the cast. 




 I was 1. 




  #LOL #Gothamwillburn 




 Or bowling pins... 




 Shoulda just put the punchline in the title. 




 http://i.imgur.com/JvDnWi7.jpg 




 Start singing out loud the most obnoxious song you can think of. 


"And IIIIIIIIIIIIeeeeeeeeIIIIIIeeeeeeeeeeeeIIIIIII will always lllllllllllluuuve youuuu........" 




 Uh, move, dude 




 Huell 




 What's the most you ever lost in a coin toss? 




 Inglorious Basterds and Fury. 




 Electrician or maintenance. HVAC book in the right, Material Safety Sheets Binder on the left. 34/M/Los Angeles...and you're gay. 




 Software dev. 21/F/Washington or Oregon. 




 Bet on people who are going to die, use the money to invest in Tesla, kick starter and Mojang. 




 U.S.---Thanksgiving. At least, God I hope not. 




 What did you do today?  




 I like the "it was all ____ the whole time" cliche 




 A second heart=Time lord! 




 Faster than light travel. Religions would be hard hit. Scientific discoveries would be a very common occurance. Increases our likelihood of finding other life forms.  









 It depends on the magnitude. In terms of fear, I just mean prioritizing safety, getting to higher ground, etc.  




 Sure, stay safe. 




 Any damage over there? We're concerned. 




 My father-in-law just called to tell us about this from Nicaragua.

CNN just caught this, they said its deep in the ocean and that Tsunamis are the major fear. 




 I took my cue from cartoons, he was sleeping so I used the cartoon method of waking him up. A nice full bucket of water to the face, the CIA would be proud. 




 Most of this actually happened but not to me. 




 Fight club? 




 IDK man, Jabba had it pretty good. 




 Filmmaker 




 30.29.28.27.26.25.24.23.22.21.20.19.18.17.16.


You know what when the doors close, just say go.

GO! 




 Four years ago, I was stationed 550 miles SE of Bagram Air Base. We'd been doing consistent daytime flyovers of the tribal regions to the east, getting intel back to logistics. 


One day me and crew were flying the C130 on a recon and everything is peachy till we get about half way through return from the AO and we start getting peppered with small arms fire which is strange considering how high up we were. Turns out logistics screwed up and sent us over heavily populated Al Qaeda mountains. So there I am manning my console, trying to do my job and not get shot. RPGs are missing the plane by just a few feet. 



After about five minutes, we make it clear of the enemy fire and I'm able to take a breath. I look at my console and it has a 7.62 right through the middle of it. It's broken. I cal my CO over to take a look at it and he tells me that 7.62 rounds can make 30k feet. No, he said. That there is tree fiddy rounds. And I said tree fiddy? We ain't got no Loch Ness monster in al Qaeda firing no tree fiddy rounds. 




 Tom Cruise. 




 But Kim jr already fits the wardrobe. 




 If I had the money I no like also. 




 You know what this show needs? More Lori. 




 2cond um queer. 




 This is literally the worst. 




 Math. Boom hacked the universe. 




 The audience decides how much morphine the patient receives...you know for charity. 




 Mr. Rogers. Anyone can watch a well written show but everyone should know the purity of Mr. Rogers neighborhood.


"There's only one person in this whole world like you. And people can like you exactly as you are." 




 Hmm he knows words. Upvote. 




 You'd get a raise for exercise and secks. 




 When I was 10 I almost drowned my dad in his sleep. 




 Maybe feathered pillows, so every now and then you get a quill in the eye. 




 I can totally see the lack of tension between the two entertainers. 


Comedians tend to relate to each other and flock to one another, particularly before major success just as a method of survival. 

We expect them to have animosity for each other because they are/were on competing networks but their mainly like distant cousins whose paths, for the most part, parted after friendship. 




 You must be a professional. 




 Possibly the best time for this Gif. 









 So hard being the Prince of Gotham. 




 it would be nice to see if anyone makes an accurate prediction. 




 One of their best. 




 Shoot the hostage. 




 ...Like a watch. 




 It's very easy to point to a recent movie trailer and say it's one of the greatest of all times. Case in point, The Wolf of Wall Street. I'm asking if you can recall a movie trailer preceeding 2010 that is truly great to look at and garners excitement for that movie.

[Example](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FN3YaybNJ2s) 




 Watch Hannibal. Shit gets crazy. 




 The Dark Knight ~~Rises~~ 




 Nolan likes filming his movies in IMAX. You could be missing out.  




 Look people complain about the Dark knight being about 30 minutes too long. For me, I was more than glad it was so long, I wish it was longer. When I heard about this, I got giddy.

1) Chris Nolan

2)Space!

3)Matthew Mcconaughey 




 All those people. Must take alot of: "Everybody run silently to the back so we can blow up this cafe." And the people outside must have ear plugs. 




 Do you have a logline?
 




 "I found this book under my bed mom, would you read it to me?"


"What's this Mein Kampf? Sure, I didn't know you were into European literature." 




 Two of those people lost their funny mojo, IMO. 




 Nice try struggling writer. 




 We'll get the actual documentary in about 5 years, give or take. 




 Dune was so much internal dialogue. No. 




 alpha Bravo Charlie Delta echo Golf Hotel India Juliet kilo Lima Mike November October Papa Quebec Romeo Sierra tango uniform Victor whiskey Yankee Zulu

Edit: I missed Foxtrot and X-ray. I did this orally on my phone 




 ESPN needs to get on this shit. 




 Nice! I'm into that kinda stuff! 




 Would like to see behind the scenes. 




 Hey hey....but it cured cancer. so it saved half the world population by killing the other half. 




 I thought the scare at the backdoor was effective even though I was expecting it. 


I also liked the use of 1st person to build tension and atmosphere. 




 Jeremy Renner was supposed to take over the Mission Impossible franchise and was then offered the Bourne franchise. Tom Cruise's movie underperformed I think Knight and Day, then he came back to reclaim MI. And now this. 




 But...taxes. 




 Why, cause he killed a bird? Frank killed a dog and 2 people...but mainly a dog. 




 Ulysses...or Bosco. 




 Best buds for life. I wish. 




 Dogs are the best. 




