

























































































































































































































































































































































































































 What political views do you think stops me from supporting this action by the President? 




 Under that logic undocumented workers do not have the any rights so they should be deported immediately but they have the right to challenge deportations. The prisoners at Guantanamo Bay should have no access to the court system but they do. 




 By the way Happy Cake Day 




 Burundi 




 Dolphins are beaching themselves in record numbers in the Gulf of Mexico. They are still cleaning up the oil in Prince William Sound. Those are just two instances of the the things that "never happen."

EDIT: Grammar 




 The headline says "make increasing use of...drones." No one is saying drones aren't being used now. 




 Even with non-NHL players the South Koreans will be hard pressed to be competitive let alone win a game. 




 So a country can avoid paying a debt by declaring its legal opponent "the enemy." 




 The Rosenberg case has been debated for more than sixty years. The Rosenberg's claimed there innocence till their execution. Any new evidence to settle this case is important 




 We all love Jeni's but this is bad news. 




 I think you are stealing the fish from the dolphins. You have many choices in meals, dolphins are limited to the fish in the sea. 




 I spend hours doing that over at /r/worldnews. 




 Thanks, I looked back 24 hours not two days. 




 The citation for the study can be found at [sciencedirect.](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0012821X15001879) 




 "Excuse me, is this a piece of your brain" - Fawlty Towers 




 What can Europe learn? How to deny human rights? 




 [Identifying personal microbiomes using metagenomic codes](http://www.pnas.org/content/early/2015/05/08/1423854112.abstract) 




 These are the first three sentences of the story. The headline was more inflammatory with less information, "A Game of Chicken: USDA repeatedly blinked when facing salmonella outbreaks involving Foster Farms" 




 If the women was attractive would it make her horrendous crime any more palatable? The idea you would comment about the physical appearance of the woman and not the crime is odd. 




 Is there some problem with governments demanding that big banks follow the law? These laws were written by the banks. 




 This is a story from [Daily Sabah and the AP.](http://www.dailysabah.com/politics/2015/05/06/germany-bans-terrorist-dhkpc-affiliated-newspaper) 




 Life is always stranger than fiction. 




 It is not they don't care about their constituents needs but rather winning elections is about money. A legislator can overcome bad press with lots of money but without money there is no media. 




 Those are aggregate contributions not individual donations made directly to a candidate for federal office.

EDIT: If there were no limits on speech you could make unlimited contributions to individual candidates.  




 That is not what the Supreme Court said in [Buckley v. Valeo](http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/scripts/getcase.pl?court=US vol=424 invol=1) 




 I think a bail of $50 -100,000 would have ensured his appearance. The crime is vandalism. 




 So attacking a police car is a more serious crime than murder? These two offenses are not even in the same ballpark. If Bullock was on the street would he likely commit the same act? His bail had little to do with the crime he committed. His bail is punitive.  




 Why is it that the US government has little trouble trying foreign banks for criminal behavior? Yet that same court system cannot convict a single US banker for the their financial dealings that caused the Great Recession. Just asking. 




 How does someone fully recover from severe depression? A person may have made adjustments in their life to deal with it but it is extremely hard to "fully recover." At the very least he should have been on a medical watch list. 




 I guess the Sun thinks those who rioted after the 1993 Rodney King beating were clairvoyant because they were playing out scenes from a 2013 movie. 




 The 66 civilians killed in air strikes seems unrealistically low. 




 How many spills does it take to get criminal charges filed? Fines of $5 million have never had any effect on changing the corporate culture of pollution. 




 This attack is part of the plan to establish a country which would be a "greater Albania" which would include large portions of the former Yugoslavia. 




 This is good news and bad news. The news will be taken by whaling nations as a green light to expand the slaughter of whales. 




 Nestle may not be the total problem but their unlicensed water business certainly is not helping. 




 This is not even a slap on the wrist. These Freddie Mac executives cost the government billions and they will pay less than one years salary for their criminal action. When will there be true justice for the bank criminals. 




 As the old saying goes, follow the money. 




 If Kasich is considered moderate the GOP is now way to the right of Mayberry. 




 Don't give the airlines industry any thoughts. 




 That's right. There has never been a nuclear plant disaster./s 




 You don't think working in the food industry clouds your judgment. 

The article starts out talking about Lupin but then goes on to talk about the way food companies self regulate on the safety of additives.
Is this true? 




 Try the [Gallup site.](http://www.gallup.com/poll/182348/uninsured-rate-dips-first-quarter.aspx) 




 This would not have happen under Gaddafi. Gaddafi ruled with an  iron fist which stifled the opposition. 




 Right now the plan is to pray that it all goes away. Fat chance. 




 The first step in building a database is collecting all the data and then getting the specifics on each incident. The only way to find out how many of the deaths are justified or not is know how many deaths there are in total. 




 It doesn't matter what you call it, if a quid pro quo is involved it is a crime. 




 The psychedelic state induced by ayahuasca modulates the activity and connectivity of the default mode network.
PLoS ONE
PLoS One 2015 18;10(2):e0118143. Epub 2015 Feb 18.
Fernanda Palhano-Fontes, Katia C Andrade, Luis F Tofoli, Antonio C Santos, Jose Alexandre S Crippa, Jaime E C Hallak, Sidarta Ribeiro, Draulio B de Araujo

The experiences induced by psychedelics share a wide variety of subjective features, related to the complex changes in perception and cognition induced by this class of drugs. A remarkable increase in introspection is at the core of these altered states of consciousness. Self-oriented mental activity has been consistently linked to the Default Mode Network (DMN), a set of brain regions more active during rest than during the execution of a goal-directed task. Here we used fMRI technique to inspect the DMN during the psychedelic state induced by Ayahuasca in ten experienced subjects. Ayahuasca is a potion traditionally used by Amazonian Amerindians composed by a mixture of compounds that increase monoaminergic transmission. In particular, we examined whether Ayahuasca changes the activity and connectivity of the DMN and the connection between the DMN and the task-positive network (TPN). Ayahuasca caused a significant decrease in activity through most parts of the DMN, including its most consistent hubs: the Posterior Cingulate Cortex (PCC)/Precuneus and the medial Prefrontal Cortex (mPFC). Functional connectivity within the PCC/Precuneus decreased after Ayahuasca intake. No significant change was observed in the DMN-TPN orthogonality. Altogether, our results support the notion that the altered state of consciousness induced by Ayahuasca, like those induced by psilocybin (another serotonergic psychedelic), meditation and sleep, is linked to the modulation of the activity and the connectivity of the DMN.
Affiliation
Brain Institute, Federal University of Rio Grande do Norte (UFRN), Natal-RN, Brazil.
 




 [My article](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/31xcqz/a_psychedelic_drink_used_for_centuries_in_healing/) is authored by Arran Frood and Nature magazine. Nature is a peer reviewed publication. Please restore my post. 




 This is what we can expect from President Scott Walker. 




 The party was held at Christmas. 




 How many SAE chapters have to be accused of racism before it becomes apparent that the entire fraternity has a culture of institutional racism? 




 It is very clear that the Arab Spring has turned into the Arab Winter in Cairo. 




 I don't have a subscription to Haaretz and I can see this story. You can try going into the story [from this site.](https://www.google.com/search?q=cultic ie=utf-8 oe=utf-8#q=cultic tbm=nws)

Sorry for any inconvenience.  




 Saudi Arabia has a gold star and they are not a democracy.  




 I was impressed to see the number of political activists involved in May Day that contributed to this article. 




 For those of us in Ohio, Kasich is not a secret weapon but a dud missile.  




 [Here's the most entertaining explanation of finagle's origin and meaning you'll ever read from the funniest lexicographer in the business.](http://www.word-detective.com/2008/02/finagle/) 
 




 This story is on the front page of /r/worldnews at 4:30 AM.

Edit: And /r/science 




 The definition of contradiction is libertarian. 




 How dare you compare these two loonies with beloved kitties? 




 I don't know if a $900,00 fine can even be described as a slap on the wrist. The fine structure for environmental crimes seems to be out of whack with reality.  




 The discovery of this hideout shows one of the ways the Nazis were able to hide in South America after WWII. 




 I think if thy found the part of the gene that correlates with certain traits, scientists could probably replace that area with gene parts you wanted.

However this seems to be the path for someone to try to build the "super-race." 




 At least in his mind and Bibi's. 




 Under federal law this is the definition of a slap on the wrist. 




 Please see this [US data for poultry population by state.](http://www.uspoultry.org/economic_data/)  




 The court basically split the difference between the US government's and BP's estimates. 




 First they came for the Socialists, and I did not speak out
Because I was not a Socialist.

Then they came for the Trade Unionists, and I did not speak out
Because I was not a Trade Unionist.

Then they came for the Jews, and I did not speak out
Because I was not a Jew.

Then they came for meand there was no one left to speak for me.

Martin Niemller 




 The question is: Is Al-Sisi Mubarak light or just Mubarak? 




 Regulators decided on that amount because that was all the money UBS had in its petty cash fund. 




 Sorry for the snide comment. However, the sanity of Harper Lee should not be determined by a court system that doesn't believe rulings by the Supreme Court have any meaning for local court's in Alabama. 

Under that logic the state's ruling in this case will trump any other ruling that may come from a reasoned court. 




 I don't know if I'd allow Alabama to decide anything more complicated than: Should we go to dinner at Cracker Barrel or Checkers? 




 Look inside the mind of a US liberal icon in the mid-60s. 




 And the GOP's attendance at this weekends anniversary of Bloody Sunday shows why they have little or no support in the African- American community. 




 Those Democrats are now Republicans because the Dems embraced the civil rights movement and the GOP did not. 




 It is certainly going to mess up North Carolina streams and rivers. 




 I bet you think your arm is worth a lot more. 




 But when pipelines fail the amount of oil lost is much larger. 




 Just what we need need big campaign contributors deciding how the internet should be regulated. 




 Corrupt politicians are an attack upon democracy. They help subvert the system and make it possible for politicians like Kitzhaber and McDonnell to be elected. 




 When Bob McDonnell was under indictment did you say "another scumbag Republican" 




 ...and ~~fairly~~ incompetent 

FTFY 




 Is Scott Walker the reincarnation of Rick Perry in 2012? 




 I thought it was an environment story because:

1) The environmental group would pay for support

2) The amount the environmental group lost because she did not show up.

3) This is part of the movement to get Chevron to pay for the economic damage in Peru.

However, I respect your decision.

DJ 




 There is a substantial amount of antisemitism among European right-wing and neo-Nazi movements. 




 Another chickenhawk wants to send young people into war. 




 The Kurds are in the way again,

And so, to our dismay again,

If we begin a fray again,

As it appears we may again,

It seems we must betray again

Calvin Trillin 




 [You missed one.](http://www.reddit.com/r/Columbus/comments/2x806b/abdirahman_mohamud_allegedly_charged_with/coxu6fz) 




 This is not about fraud but rather eliminating people from the rolls no matter what economic status they hold.  




 This is not reform but economic homicide for millions of poor people. 




 No need, Oklahoma has its fair share of mega-churches. 




 But as the the unofficial slogan of Alabama proclaims "at least we are not Mississippi." 




 Is this what is meant by a living constitution? 




 Clintonville is not where the wealthy live. The most exclusive enclaves are Upper Arlington, Bexley, Powell, New Albany and parts of Dublin like Muirfield Village, to name a few. 




 What do you mean what if? The Israelis will reverse engineer the plane, add new proprietary software and sell it back to the US for billions. 




 Yes.  




 The link is working for me. Please try again. 




 In an earlier judgement the court determined that 3.9 million barrels spilled.  




 In Alaska years after the Exxon Valdez disaster Exxon is paying for the ongoing cleanup from new oil being deposited on the state's shores. 




 It is not about praying. The act of fasting is a sign of the commitment being made by those individuals to the issue of climate change. 




 The idea that Catholics are using one of their holiest periods to take on climate justice is an amazing event. It will not end global warming but it will bring one of the largest religions into the fray on the side of the angels. 




 Just because the oil is on the bottom of the Gulf now doesn't mean it will remain there. 




 Evan a broken clock is right twice a day. 




 Certainly didn't work in Sochi. 




 This story look at the unintended consequences of China's blood donation laws. In a system where healthcare is a right, blood does not seem to be included in that right. 




