 It's just because they're all in sync with the smooth bass line that is inevitably playing in the background. 




 It's really great seeing all the athletes from around the world come together.

It's also great to be chatting with all you lovely people here :)  




 Haha same here! 




 At least the time difference in Rio is pretty close to the U.S. for the 2016 Games. Hopefully they won't be able to screw it up nearly as much. 




 Canmerica FTW! 




 That's awesome, thanks for posting! 




 Didn't vote for him, but he makes a lot of good points. 




 Woo Wisconsin! 




 Shame about White. But he gave it his best and was a gentleman in defeat, which is all you can ask for. 




 I love the guy in red in the second picture, like "Hey man, look at what this girl is doing!"  




 That's cool. I've always enjoyed watching some of the Paralympic downhill events, but have only ever seen them on Youtube.  




 Flavin!! 




 Haha, I know what you mean. I was watching a special on Olympians working out and the lengths they go to for training...while I was sitting there crushing a Chipotle burrito and cookies.

I felt the need to go do some sit-ups at least...  




 Haha, that's perfect! 




 Some are also U.S. citizens but have familial origins in other countries that they compete for. Like Julia Marino, Paraguay's only athlete in these Olympics, was born in Paraguay but was adopted by an American family when she was just a few months old.  




 100% agree 




 Flat knitting, circular knitting, felting, crochet...they might need to build their own venue to contain it.  




 Good game, kudos to both teams. 









 Congrats to the Dutch! That was some real athleticism out there.  




 That's awesome, congrats! 









 Seriously. The record for playing through the main quest in Skyrim is under an hour, but anyone who's played it knows that the sidequests are what make it way longer. 




 Haha, amazing what  few months can do! 




 As a frequent driver from St. Cloud to the Cities, tell your dad thanks! 




 Woo St.cloud/cities! 




 I never really liked Pascal's wager. Belief isn't like an on/off switch; you can't just make yourself believe something because you want the potential rewards if it turns out to be true.

As far as living forever, it's going to end eventually at some point with the heat death/big crunch of the universe. I have no idea if there is a God, but I figure it's best to just be nice to everyone and live as long as possible with technology.  




 This is great. I'm young but I can already feel my knees starting to go (my grandpa, dad, and older brother have all had knee surgery). This, along with recent stories around stem cell injections being shown to regrow cartilage in the knee gives me hope that I can avoid surgery and use stem cells to regrow what my body needs.  




 wow, nice! 




 PB J for lunch. Every day since Kindergarten to now in my 20s.  




 There was also a story the Russians built a nuke in their embassy in Washington DC. Since diplomatic packages aren't allowed to be searched by customs, the Russians had it brought in piece by piece and had an expert assemble it in the embassy. That way, if things went to hell, they could detonate a nuke right in the middle of DC with zero warning time or chance of being intercepted.

http://content.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,1001206,00.html  




 Doesn't Gorilla Glass already do this?

http://www.cnn.com/2012/01/10/tech/gaming-gadgets/gorilla-glass-ces/ 




 Thank God this exists 




 I like that European countries got together to make the EU. Yes it has problems and, who knows, maybe it will get worse. But that fact that the people got together and said "It's the 21st century, let's stop messing around with different currencies, trade barriers, etc. and just work together is amazing. It really gives me hope for the future."

Also the people are nice! 




 I love how it's called "Project Cybersyn". 

It's like they sat around and tried to come up with the most evil sounding name they could. 




 What do you think has been the greatest advancement in chemistry in the last 10 years? What do think will be the most important advancement in the next 10 years? 









 God that movie was actually pretty terrifying as a kid. Like that scene where Judge Doom kills the shoe in the Dip? Jesus Christ... 




 This is really awesome; I had no idea this existed. Thanks for posting! 




 This is a really great way to encourage innovation.  




 If I was stuck on a submarine for 2 months, having an Oculus Rift would be amazing... 




 Country roads, take me home... 




 OMG I still have this on a floppy disk. Sadly nothing I have can still play it... 




 As I understand it, we don't have the heavy lift Saturn V rockets we used for Apollo anymore, as there hasn't been a need for them. So to go back to the moon, we would need to have a new "super-heavy lift" rocket. The
[Falcon 9 Heavy](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Falcon_Heavy) might be able to, however.  




 Good detective work 




 This is bad... 




 That's a really nice letter, thanks for posting. 




 Persona has always been about the Social Links, so really just having those be more developed. Rather than just scrambling to max out SL's with everyone, I like to see some real depth and relationship development in a few.  




 Well said. 




 Jesus Christ... 




 "I thought this was America! I'm sorry, I thought this was America!" 














 Wow that's great looking! 




 Haha my first thought too 




 Adorable! 




 And Minnesota too! 




 And it's free on Xbox Live Gold through the 15th! Highly recommended. 




 Totally agree. It's crazy to think what we waste money on when it could be spent on this. Life extension would obviously benefit everyone, so why is it so ignored? 




 Thank you for that. Very well said.  




 Put a 45 on your dick before you go at it. You'll build stamina in no time! 




 This would be awesome to use as an interceptor just to mess with people. Imagine some Russians buzzing our coast and having a completely empty plane pull up alongside... 




 Congrats! 




 I like Tifa's smile. Very spunky.  




 Haha I saw that and thought the same thing! 




 OMG my wife and I just got to season 11 last night and now a ton of the episodes are gone! 




 Best of luck to them.  




 Agent J? 




