 If Georgetown is dead, it's dying by growing. The Georgetown Metropolitan reported that the number businesses in its downtown is now at 508, which compares to 496 from last year.

http://georgetownmetropolitan.com/2014/03/24/the-state-of-georgetown-2014/ 




 This ought to be required reading by every police officer in Connecticut.  




 They are promising to run the bus 3 to 7 minutes during peak, and 12-15 minutes off-peak. 

This project has gotten and will obviously continue to get a lot of skepticism. With the exception of Metro North, Connecticut has never been a mass transit state. It hasn't done as much as it should be doing for bicycles, either. 

So, I agree with the idea that you have to sell this. Not just the idea of using this system, but the entire idea of using mass transit. 

If it succeeds, it might help refocus economic development back to urban cores, particularly in New Britain and Hartford. It might spur housing and entertainment districts along key parts of the route. It wouldn't surprise me at all if it reshapes New Park Ave. in a positive way. 

The Hartford/New Britain region once had mass transit: A great trolley system. It replaced it with buses which suffered in the   two-car per household era. But Connecticut residents are smart, adaptive and responsible, and in this era of climate change, expensive fuel, more interest in bicycle commuting and mass transit, this project may work. 

I get the concern that ridership will fall short. But city after city is putting in some kind of mass transit option. Trolleys are making a comeback, dedicated bus and bicycle lanes are arriving as people fight the idea of using streets for "car storage" i.e. parking. There's always push back, but you need to ask: Why won't something like this work? 

This CTfastrak is a done deal at this point. The investment has been made. Here's hoping for a good outcome.  




 what are the property taxes?  




 thanks for links but still have no idea what this is about. is there a link to the blog? or a backgrounder story on the suit?  









 I couldn't believe it. TBS gets to broadcast a final four game and decides to tell the game from one perspective: the Gators. It wasn't just the announcers. The camera was fixed on the Florida bench and its coach. Terrible.  




 If you're in NB at all, Jimmy's Smoke Shop in downtown is the HQ for bus transport.  




 I think it's something that could work well with something else. Take a look at http://www.everyblock.com/ It aggregates in news, public records, anything it can find by location. But interest in it is so-so. Everyblock's approach, when all is said and done, doesn't offer much. People want original content, discussion, and something they can't find elsewhere. Pure aggregation tools, unattached from anything else, just haven't caught on all that well. They don't inspire a lot of loyalty or repeat traffic. 

Redditt, Slashdot aggregate but users pick the content, not software. There's a difference. 

But I think the fact that you have created this platform is a significant accomplishment and it has potential, but not necessarily as a stand-alone platform. 




 This blogger reported on her experience. http://wishiknewdc.com/?p=121 




 The bill has 13 Republican co-sponsors, and 7 Democratic co-sponsors. 

http://beta.congress.gov/bill/113th-congress/house-bill/2413/cosponsors 




 Ok, technically it's a "Republican bill." But it has 13 Republican co-sponsors and 7 Democratic co-sponsors, which seems like a pretty high percentage of Democrats for a "Republican bill." 

http://beta.congress.gov/bill/113th-congress/house-bill/2413/cosponsors



 









 Is it criminally negligent to choose to be willfully ignorant of the truth?  




 For starters, let's build a Manhattan Project around batteries, Renewable energy needs cheaper, cost effective, high capacity storage, and so do electric cars. 

Here's another: Great strides are being made to improve solar photoelectric cells. Would adding $26B in federal support speed up their development?

Removing C02. I have no faith that mankind will react in time to reduce CO2 levels. Can we develop technologies that can do this and make it as ubiquitous as trees? 

Federal research is increasing only incrementally. It may not be beating inflation at this point, and is declining in some areas, so I wouldn't hold out on a Manhattan Project anytime soon. Of course, Europe and China may see it differently and discover ways to improve energy storage. That will be good for mankind, but bad for U.S. industries. 

 




 You are assuming that I tried to time the market in the past. Never have. I haven't touched by investment spread is 15 years. This is not about timing the market.  I'm just trying to make a decision about whether it's time to bail from the market, lock-in what I saved, and move on. Very hard decision. I wanted to see what people think. 

Oh, and regarding mother earth. They were right then, and they are most definitely right now. 



 




 I have about 30% international; about 30% in U.S. stocks large and small, moderate risk; and the balance in bonds 




 I'm in my late 50s, and I'm wondering if I should park my 401K funds in a stability of principal fund. 

Market Watch recently had a piece warning that "Stock caution urged as margin debt levels hit new highs" http://www.marketwatch.com/story/stock-caution-urged-as-margin-debt-levels-hit-new-highs-2014-03-09

And the Financial Times has a piece today that Seth Klarman is warning of a "significant market correction." He is citing nosebleed valuations in tech shares, in particular. http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/6dd806e2-a627-11e3-9818-00144feab7de.html#axzz2vYeDNzjM

The Bull Market is five years old, and while some argue that it will go on for a while, there is someone arguing that things will remain good for a while. People were saying the housing market would stay good right up until the time it crashed in 2008. This time, I'm inclined to agree with the bears. 

I'm not 401K rich by a long shot, so not much room to play. Should I park?  




 I really like the Guardian. The climate change reporting and analysis is really good. They are aggressive and right on top the story. They take issue seriously, and they don't give harbor to the skeptics (unlike so many major U.S. newspapers). Most importantly, they devote resources to the issues.

What can U.S. news organizations learn from the Guardian?

Quite a lot I suspect. People want in-depth coverage of climate change without the BS from the skeptics.  




 I had posted a direct link to Krauthammer's post earlier on reddit climate and it was down voted to oblivion. It was worth taking note, IMHO, because it was in the Washington Post, and it will be read by the large denial contingent in Congress. The real issue is whether the Washington Post should have published Krauthammer's shallow thinking.  



















 I think I know what you mean. If you ask people with only a passing knowledge of climate change whether they notice changes in the weather, you will often hear how "weird" it is. But this awareness that something is amiss has not yet boiled over to the point where they are concluding that we're in deep trouble. So, yes, is the weird weather keeps up, the boiling point will be reached ....  









 This belongs here. The story is solid. The OP's write-up is based on something in the piece i.e. "crack squad of fairies," that's a little over-the-top sarcasm. 

The Guardian piece is about the poor reading comprehension and lack of scientific understanding in journalism. The idea that there was a hiatus or pause in global warming was never an accurate description of what's going on. That seems to be the major point.   




 Brad Field. But in truth, all the local weather folks are good. They all work hard at it.  




 Seriously, is that what its come down to? Admiring some run-of-the mill windows? 

 




 It humanizes Barry Farms and the issue generally, and it's a great example of local reporting. That's why it's being voted down, and, of course, to support gentrification.  




 I thought this quote in the story was particularly interesting.

"Technological superiority is not assured," Kendall told the Armed Services Committee in the House of Representatives. "This is not a future problem. This is a here-now problem."

Can imagine that a similar warning was raised during the Soviet era. What was the response then, versus the response now?  














 It's probably important to point out those connected to political power and money who deny climate change. But the only reason these people and organizations flourish is because most Americans are in denial (as opposed to deniers) about climate change.  




 It's clever. It's different and it's true.  




 Totally support everything Mann is saying. But it applies to everyone who understands this issue.  




 It's a good thing Reddit doesn't apply the is he/she "an actual person" standard to redditors.  




 Yes, but at least you aren't living in Honolulu. Be thankful! 




 Its been just a few months since I came to Los Angeles from the District of Columbia, and already it is Crystal City clear: L.A. is a downer.

Look no further then Skidrow at 7 a.m. for a pure view into the citys heart and soul. You will pass a dozens and dozens of slumped homeless veterans holding out a McDonalds cup for money. 

After committing to pay a senseless amount of money for gas for the day's trip just to dump ever increasing amounts of CO2 into the atmosphere; it's easy going from here, except for the climate-changed induced drought emergency just declared by the governor. 

Every morning its the same on the Freeway: people, sitting in their cars, with blank stares and the saddest-looking faces imaginable. Do they wonder about the environment? They are like cattle in a climate denial storm, too self-centered to take mass transit, gazing into space, waiting for their ride to the climate change slaughter house.

A rat creeps across a sidwalk. The dusty cars make a miserable sound as they screech to a stop.  I don't see E.T. anywhere. I am miserable, disappointed. Where are the starlets? Everywhere in Los Angeles you see people in T-Shirts and jeans. I miss D.C.'s civilizing dress code.

The irony runs deep. The capital of American media culture  is in fact, ugly and uninspiring. The imagine of L.A. as a colorful mecca of entertainment is a lie. The citizens who work in the movie and television industry appear to be enduring unspeakable oppression and Oscar snubs.

Please, California people, keep your mouths shut when you visit D.C. Don't write trite op-eds. Instead, keep your eyes fixed on whatever little video screen you can find. And when you return to California, preach the merits of mass transit and car-less living. 

 

 




 We need to free the dinosaurs. The idea of holding animals in captivity bothers me. There's plenty of room on the Mall for the dinosaurs to roam. Let's free them!   




 Well, if that's true then Alabama is the best state in the country.  









 I wish the critter well. May he continue to out-fox the Capitol police.  









 What isn't attributed to climate change?  




 There is evidently an effort to ban ecigarettes on the Metro and other public places.

There was a hearing in November. Smoke Free DC testified. The testimony: http://www.smokefreedc.org/e-cigarette-testimony-dc-council/

Hearing notice and backgrounder on proposed law: http://dccouncil.us/events/health-hearing-on-bill-20-233-the-electronic-cigarette-parity-amendment-act

From what I can tell, this bill has not been adopted. Here is the legislative status page:  http://dcclims1.dccouncil.us/lims/legislation.aspx?LegNo=B20-0233

Here is the bill, the oddly named, Electronic Cigarette Parity Amendment Act of 2013

http://www.dccouncil.us/files/user_uploads/related_materials/Bill_-_E-Cigarette_Parity_Amendment_Act_of_2013.pdf

I am totally in support of a ban and any effort to deter smoking. Electronic cigarettes are nothing more than a nicotine delivery system.  




