 Pffft, I can do this too.

I shall create MEAT VISION... He is a Super Hero who after a freak incident of eating an irradiated steak gains the power of being able to see meat through walls and over great distances. AS WELL AS being able to detect the age and quality of said meat.

Using his new found powers he works he way up the ranks within the Food Health and Safety administration. Along the way he meets and gains the adoration of Lisa the Receptionist at the FDA. But he can never reveal the secret to his uncanny ability to sense when bad meat is on the menu.

He also makes an arch nemesis: BUSH MEAT. 

After a massive bust on an illegal meat importing operation of... you guessed it, bush meat. The ring leader BUSH MEAT will stop at nothing to get his vengeance. His powers include: spreading tainted meat throughout the city, hired goons, bribed politicians, health inspectors and police.

Get ready to follow the escapades of a super hero you never thought you wanted or even cared to think about:

MEAT VISION! 




 Yeah I know who he is, I was making a bad joke.

Thanks for being cool about it. 




 No idea who he is... But why is he wearing a ladies wig? 




 OP, invest in a [Chinese military shovel](http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00A2GLZS8/ref=redir_mdp_mobile/176-1338209-2700430)

They're compact and have over 18 functions that would be useful for your lifestyle.  




 Yeah until gas and coal corporations lobby the government to tax the shit out of anyone who is getting free / cheap power and not using their services / grid...

Advancement of tech and medicine is being held back by greed. 




 Underwater bridge


So... It's a tunnel? 




 Two broken arms... I know where this is heading OP. 




 So I've been playing for a few years now, always on a Hohner Blues Harp MS or a Special 20 since they're cheap and effective.

Decided it was time to invest in something new and unique, so I saved up for the MR-550 and damn man... It's well worth it. Sounds like a beast and can take thrashing, the wood case is smooth as hell, chaps my lips less than a steel case which is nice. 









 Pffft, back in my Uni days [our wall was far superior.](http://imgur.com/qnKbJGz) 

My camera skills on the other hand... not so much. 




 [Here you go](http://i.imgur.com/VnsJIk8.png)

I know it's not a frappuccino, but artistic liberties being an art student an all. 




 Nice, but why'd you draw her as the beauty? 




 Pffft, only has 6 cats, more like casual cat lady. 




 There is a hard mode... When you finish the game it unlocks NG+ which is harder.

Are people not aware of this? 




 Look, it's Video Game Guys brother, [Super M Plumber!](http://i.imgur.com/KIxjDcE.jpg) 




 Like peeling apart a cold grilled cheese sandwich... 




 Peggys musings got weird... 




 It is not recognized as a condition in the American Psychiatric Association's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) or other scientific literature. 




 Trypophobia is not a real thing, stop trying to make it happen. 




 The original was [Barbra Streisand.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Streisand_effect) 




 Is it one of [these?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QVa7OMRd74Q) 




 [Little Italy Showdown](http://rsg.ms/d826111)

A random one I made, hasnt been played much though... 




 THERE WAS A FIREFIGHT! 




 HEY, SHUT UP DOWN THERE! 




 Two shots, one Absinthe the other a gun. 




 Pretty sure theres a Friday the 13th TV series reboot planned and a new game to go with it. 

At least that's what read not too long ago.  




 \#spidermandonglover 




 Not even a nuclear shelter can keep you safe from bat-nipples. 




 Urkel Vs Screech 




 Oh but it is coming to the Vita.

Remote play. That is how they will advertise it. 

Why actually waste the time and money to port it across when they can just advertise it as a Vita exclusive through remote play. 




 CTR: Crash Team Racing was better than Mario Kart 64 in every way.

Track design, characters, weapons, graphics, sound, game modes... Everything was more polished and overall more fun.

Even now it stands the test of time better than Mario Kart 64. 




 Hollywood "remakes" a film scene for scene for their western audience, and no one bats an eye.

Anyone else "remakes" a film scene for scene for their particular audience (Asia, India etc) and Hollywood looses their fucken mind.

Guess it comes down to getting authorization / paying to be allowed to do so? 




 Because OP never delivers... [Here is the thread in question](http://www.reddit.com/comments/t0ynr) 




 Link to the original thread? 




 Pfft, aint no hookers there man, let alone any falling. 




 At least it doesnt say "Required content not yet purchased"  




 A FAN!? ARE YOU INSANE!

Dont you know that leaving a fan on overnight will push all the air out of the room and you'll suffocate!? 




 thought they slowly licked between your toes while locking eye contact? 




 Same with Beer (and other alcohols) due to it's levels of estrogen, doesnt stop anyone now does it. 




 Same with beer. 




 $19.95 here. And if you want pop corn and a drink... Best be willing to mortgage your house. 




 W think 8afuaf7 



 




 Ever seen Wilfred? Good luck with that.  




 Now wait for it to built into devices... It could be theoretically used for purposes other than detection of diseases.

Imagine you call work saying that you are sick, well not really... you just dont want to go to work today, so you call work and do your usual "I'm sick *cough cough*" routine... Your manager / boss will then be able to check the biometric data and immediately know if you are lying.

Or drug screening for over the phone for job interviews or applications for benefits...

Would also make an effective portable breathalyzer to test alcohol levels.

Or not. 




 Dont you give them to her in the hallway outside after the mission?

The one I gave her was when she was in the hospital ward. 




 Yeah I had already done that side quest.

This is after that, I was walking around taking to people and you hand her the one vial of Antizen and she says that it should be enough to get through the week. 




 Client side prediction, after the slow motion the game will speed up / slow down certain elements until everything is back in sync for all players.

Thats why there are sometimes jumps or skips afterwards, looks like lag but it isnt. 




 Heh, seems like I'm the only one that enjoys to dance around them...

Get in close and shank a few times then dash backwards or to the side, rinse and repeat.

late game it becomes harder as the range of their slam increases and a single dash will not evade it.

Still more fun than ranged combat, but to each their own. 




 "Clementine will remember that" 




 Theres a mission in Old Town where you have to get into an office building through the roof and it is controlled by Rais's men all with guns.

I didnt have any guns on me (had them in my stash) so I kept getting close, throwing fireworks onto the roof and running away.

Eventually a hoard of Volatiles came and bought their fury down upon the yellow wearing bastards. 




 You give that vial to the Doctor in the tower, well I did at least...

 




 Also has plenty of Dudes in distress as well.

R.I.P Rahim. 




 Just make it a collection of intersecting stories from all the characters he met / had a history with and having John wick as a background / cameo character that ties it all together. 

Basically make it Sin City in the John wick style/universe. 




 Just like Shoot Em Up. Stupid premise, all out action.  




 You're right, for distance thats a skip and a jump. 




 Heh, TIL what that hat is actually called. Thanks man. 




 Awesome, the Freddy Kruger one is my favorite.

Did a search for the artist, heres his site: [Rocky Davies](http://www.rockydavies.com/) 




 A lot of the subtitles dont match the actual speech, it's pretty common / standard in games for them to simplify the subtitles in order to fit more information in the small time frame they have it being displayed.

But this one in particular would be a translation issue, since the Devs are Polish. 




 Well I'm sure the 7 year old you would appreciate being Bart Simpson?  




 Why?... [Because](http://i.imgur.com/3swLquz.jpg) 




 Yeah EU/AU usually have a delay in games, be it physical or digital, but when the pre-load timer is counting down for 27/01/2015 and that is what was advertised on PSN... You sort of expect what is advertised dont ya think?

No one has the actual reason for the PSN screw up, some people claim Techland uploaded the wrong version of the game (Some people got an Orange launch icon that did not work / linked to nothing, while others got a Black one  that worked) or supplied Sony with invalid / wrong licenses... Or Sony themselves just plain screwed up the release.

I'd go with the wrong licenses being issued to unlock the game as a few days after release I got a PSN notification from Sony saying to go into settings and restore licenses to fix the issue. 

That and when I check my media through the SEN website there are two version of Dying light there.

(There was a manual fix some user found out to fix it before Sony even took action. If you had the wrong version / license, (Orange Icon) you had to purchase / download a free theme, this would for some reason cause PSN to reissue you with the correct license (Black Icon) allowing you to push the download to your primary PS4)

And on topic of the quality of the game, yeah it's pretty good, repetitive but still fun.
Almost quit playing at the start though, 3 times I lost all my gear after sleeping in game and turning my PS4 off. 

Why?

Because the game has a glitch that resets gear and levels after sleeping but not progress... The only way around this is to do another activity to force another quick save. There is no way to manually save to avoid this issue either. 

It still has not been patched... The game and launch is hardly perfect as OP is claiming.

/Rant 




 Nice work man, would work well as a custom game case cover, so... if you do an accompanying piece that would work as the back of the case... *knudge knudge, hint hint*

Also, reminds me of the old "X of the living dead" movie posters.  




 Patton Oswald 

Lewis Black

Christopher Titus

John Caparulo

And plenty more either shout their punchline or their entire routine. 




 Edit:

What are your thoughts on the movie [The Core?](http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0298814/) 




 And full of teeth?  




 Children of the corn, lend me your ears... And you, the potato folk, your eyes! 




 The game had a terrible release outside of the US...

Physical release delayed for Europe / Australia and many more locations for an entire month, those who pre ordered the physical version and dont have money to waste to get the PSN digital release need to wait another month.

PSN Store screwed up for those who pre ordered / pre loaded, stopping people from being able to play the game 3 or more days after release... All with little to no acknowledgment from Sony or Techland.

Whether it was Sonys fault or Techlands it doesnt matter, it left a lot of people unhappy and unable to play the game they paid good money for.

For the ones that still need to wait another month will be bored of the game when it comes out after being inundated by all the information, pics, videos, playthroughs over the next month.  




 I've notice most American comedians yell the punchline if not their entire routine. 




 Yeah theres a particular species I read about where the female protects the eggs for about 53 months, starving herself the entire time till they finally hatch... Then the hatchlings proceed to eat her dead or alive.

The circle of life I guess. 




 If it's the Vita-1000 with the OLED screen, then that is normal and is known as the "Mura effect" 




 Looks like a Smashmouth album cover 




 Next you'll be telling me that quickly raising a gun doesnt make that clicking sound... 




 I played this a few times, we called it Wisest Wizard.

We also had the rule that after every 2 cans you either have a shot of something or a bong hit / toke from a joint.
 




 I get invaded 2 - 3 times a night, but can never join a game, everyone disconnects straight away.

Why dont people set their games to private if they dont want to get invaded... It's annoying to all involved setting it to public and quitting / getting kicked every single time. 




 I left and did another side mission, came back and killed the virals that had spawned and it triggered the next part. 




  You have 48 Hours.

A few missions later.

 You've been out for three days.

Uhhh... ok.jpg 




 While it looks amazing, it still has the problem of looking too.. clean? 




 The first part describes [Ace Rimmer](http://i.imgur.com/R5hPrOw.gif) 




 I'd say it's like I Am Legend, as they started off as mindless grunts killing and eating everyone.. But given enough time they evolved/changed to become the dominant life form and created their own social structure etc.

So yeah, you could be right. Some of the long time turned carry and use weapons, they also have ability to "change" back into Virals. 

That and when they "evolve" into other forms they seem to retain some form of self preservation and higher cognitive function. 




 Yeah I checked with the Quatermaster, all shops / survivor shops.

I've continued playing through most of Old Town without it, but yeah... It'd be nice to have back for online invasions.

Guess I'll have to wait til I finish the game and start a NG+ to get it back haha. 




 I completed the Rais mission where your gear gets taken and once I got my gear back I had everything sans my UV torch...

I've checked my bag at a safe house, quartermaster and all shops... No one sells them or anything. 

I've continued playing as its not really needed for single player,  volitiles are easy to avoid / escape from without it. But I'd like to continue playing online against invading Hunters... and no UV torch = no chance. 

Anyone know if there's a fix or a way to get a new one? 




 I first noticed this with the machete on the desk for the ultimate weapon challenge. 

It's a nice touch.  




 They're only still "there" when freshly turned. After a while they cease to be. 




 All missions show on the map, even passing comment missions show as an icon on the map.

Check it out when you play next. 




 Agreed, you already have the scavenger sense dealio that shows where they are... through walls... And is unlimited with no cool down... You don't need them on the map at all times. 




 Eh, I'm only surival lvl 7, agility 8 and power 6 odd.... And can survive the night easily.

Heck most of the nights I dont even get seen and the times I do I can outrun them easily.

Those who claim its hard or really scary must be as soft as raw cookiedough.

The game is fun but hardly the scariest thing ever.  




 !: Complete the prologue first

2: ???

3: Profit

Edit: Sorry man, not sure... I only got the Urban outfit DLC and that was unlocked after completing the prologue...
Heard there was something about "tickets" that you can redeem for weapons etc, try looking that up. 




 Complete the prologue first? 




 It's part of the planned DLC:

- The Bozak Horde: The final Season Pass drop will deliver a new map and gameplay, playable in either single-player or co-op. Go inside the Harran Stadium, the most famous landmark in the city, and test your combat know-how against relentless hordes of the Infected. Fight increasingly stronger and larger enemy waves as you oppose a mysterious psychopath called Bozak. 




 Damn son, did you only do the main story / no side quests?
Did you do no exploring and just ran from point A to point B?

I mean, it's cool if you did... but that sort of defeats the purpose of these sort of games. 




 Eh, the story/campaign is only part of the game and it does drag on... 

The survival mode is where the game shines the most, I stopped playing the story about halfway through and stuck with doing short stints in survival. Was a lot more fun. 




 Best use was in [Last Action Hero]( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=60NVfBSdOG0)

Also one of the best movies of all time. 




 [Current Work in progress](http://i.imgur.com/USy2ef3.png)

I have no idea what colours to use on the clothing... if you have any ideas let me know and I can modify it. 




 You made this?


I made this... 




 You cant change your PSN User Name but you can change your "Real Name" whenever you want.

I share  my "Real Name" because I chose a shit PSN User Name at the time. 




 Two Dolphins? 




 Sorry, I should have specified, this is applicable to those who pre-ordered or were able to purchase it before Sony took it off the store.

If you haven't purchased it yet... You're out of luck till they fix the issue. 




 They screwed up the licenses, some people are claiming they uploaded the wrong version on the game onto the PSN.

For those that pre-ordered some could download/pre-load it fine, others it would only download the DLC and others couldnt download anything at all and got a message "no content found, search the playstation store?"

There are two fixes available to get around this though, the first it set the PS4 as your primary then go to the PSN store website on your computer.

First remove Dying light from your pending download list then re-add it. It should then push it to your PS4 to download.

If this doesnt work it's because you've got the "wrong version". 
You can see which version you have based on the icon you have in your games list, if Orange... you have the wrong version/license. You need to have the Black hands one.

On your PS4 download / purchase something free, like a theme. After you have done this you will notice the icon for dying light will have changed from the orange one to the black one.

After that repeat step one from the PSN store website.

Basically someone somewhere screwed up and Sony refuse to acknowledge it. 




 They screwed up the licenses, some people are claiming they uploaded the wrong version on the game onto the PSN.

For those that pre-ordered some could download/pre-load it fine, others it would only download the DLC and others couldnt download anything at all and got a message "no content found, search the playstation store?"

There are two fixes available to get around this though, the first it set the PS4 as your primary then go to the PSN store website on your computer.

First remove Dying light from your pending download list then re-add it. It should then push it to your PS4 to download.

If this doesnt work it's because you've got the "wrong version". 
You can see which version you have based on the icon you have in your games list, if Orange... you have the wrong version/license. You need to have the Black hands one.

On your PS4 download / purchase something free, like a theme. After you have done this you will notice the icon for dying light will have changed from the orange one to the black one.

After that repeat step one from the PSN store website.

Basically someone somewhere screwed up and Sony refuse to acknowledge it. 




 It was delayed for another month for some reason or another.

If you want it now you can brave the PSN store and try to get the digital version... Thats if they have fixed the issues with it yet... 




 Her hands may be small, but they are hers hands... not yours.

Did you know that? 




 CTR: Crash Team Racing was better than Mario Kart 64 in every way. Track design, characters, weapons, graphics, sound... Everything was more polished and overall more fun. 

Even now it stands the test of time better than Mario Kart 64.

Come at me Nintendo fanboys, you know I'm right. 




 Eh, they're probably touch sensitive buttons (possibly wireless as well) that work the toilet like a bidet along with a warm air dry function... so theres no need for toilet paper.

One shell to spray the water.

One shell to dry.

The last shell to flush the toilet.

Makes more sense than the pinch and wipe. 




 Kung Fury.

Featuring Hilter as the Kung Fhrer. 




 And that stigma was pretty much created by modern marketing to sell a product. 

[Wikipedia: Herpes Simplex History](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herpes_simplex#History) 




 Back in the day having cold sores / herpes simplex was nothing major, no one really cared as it was as common as having a cold.

You have modern marketing to thank for stigmatizing cold sores / herpes simplex.

For more information see [here](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herpes_simplex#History) 




 Alright smart guy, whos the Tony Hawks of skating? 




 youtubr

Well theres your problem, you should try using youtube... 




 There is an actual problem with the digital version of Dying Light.

Some people are able to download it no problems, others can download the DLC but not the game, while other people cant download it at all...

http://community.eu.playstation.com/t5/PS4-Games/DYING-LIGHT-PRE-LOAD/td-p/22929736/page/96

http://community.eu.playstation.com/t5/PSN-Support/Dying-Light-wont-download-on-psn/td-p/22936865/page/9

Seems like depending on region and which edition you purchased will determine if you can download it now or have to wait for an actual fix. 




 You couldnt even wait 30 minutes before stealing / reposting...

http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2twx23/this_is_a_pitbulldachshund_mix/ 




