










































































 HeadSmart Labs announces findings from a study on football inflation levels in different climates. The study indicated that the pressure in the footballs used in the AFC Championship game could have dropped 1.95 PSI from weather and field conditions alone.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxsXFX3tDpg 














 It's iMore's (Peter Cohen's) title - but agreed, it is misleading. 




 Thanks, I missed that line. 




 When Turing finally gets his decryption machine to work, he realizes that he cannot use the intelligence it provides without revealing his team's success to the Germans. So he tells his team they cannot reveal their success to anyone, even to his boss Commander Denniston. He then decides to go around his boss to the head of MI6, Stewart Menzies with the information.

How does Turing and the team continue to use the machine to decrypt German messages while keeping this fact secret from Commander Denniston who was intently interested in the team's progress and gave them one month to complete their task? 










































































 Just saw the Imitation Game - excellent movie but I don't understand one point.  When Turing finally gets his decryption machine to work, he realizes that he cannot use the intelligence it provides without revealing his team's success to the Germans.  He tells his team they cannot reveal their success to anyone, even to Commander Denniston.  So he decides to go to the head of MI6, Stewart Menzies with the information.  

How does Turing and the team continue to use the machine to decrypt German messages while keeping this fact secret from Commander Denniston who gave Turing only one month to complete his task?  











































































































































 Hey, it happens to the best of us.  I've slipped a few orders of magnitude before ... and it will happen again.  

I just checked and ironically the LSST site states the sensor has 3.2 gigapixels, so Wired and in turn ARS got it wrong.  

http://www.lsst.org/lsst/science/concept_camera 




 This camera has 32 gigapixels, not 32 petapixels. 




































































































































































































































































































































 Love my Apple TVs but would get more use out of them if they just supported Amazon Instant Video. Will likely never happen. 








































































































 Ah, should've checked the page before I posted. Understand.
 












































