 They're spinning off PayPal so when it tanks after Apple, Google and Facebook replace it, they can contain the losses and keep eBay afloat. Source: Brain 




 Rot in hell, Comcast. 




 2 Bush presidents with a third on the way. 




 Sara Palin said the same thing about climate change. 




 People pay money and wait in earnest to see Chris Brown? That's a reap what you sow lesson. 




 And US. Don't forget those concentration ca- I mean "reservations". 




 They were at their peak anyway. 














 Are you implying concepts like income equality are not feasible? I'd be interested to know your sources on that, because there have been numerous examples throughout history of economic equilibrium.

Converse to your critique, history shows that when the income gap widens to publicly perceived "insurmountable" levels, as we saw in Greece for example, the top heavy system tends to collapse on itself and leads to economic turmoil for all. As bank systems can be deemed so big that they can plunge the world into grief should they fail, the economic ramifications of having a massive gap between the haves and the have-nots can theoretically result in much more catastrophic market consequences. Some of these I would wager we are beginning to see currently in the US in the form of widening state financial deficits coupled with coagulation of corporate holdings. In short, as the rich get richer and practically eliminate taxes, the poor grow poorer as the infrastructure that supports and more importantly employs the lower classes begins to fail.

Again, I'd love to see your source for the disparaging remarks against income equalization because I don't believe they are rooted in any formal education on the issue at all.  









 Watching Republicans juggle pushing for less government oversight of banks while pushing for more oversight of DC residents and their rights during a Presidential election cycle is going to be fascinating. "The government shouldn't meddle in our lives. Except pregnant women. But that's it. And marriage, ok just those two. And birth control rules for companies. But seriously those three aside...no, marijuana too. Ok those four things aside, we want government out of people's lives." 
























 You overeat and say you ran a 7:20 mile...tell me more about your not understanding this question. 




 Do you have to understand the point of something to acknowledge it exists? 




 Are you seriously implying you don't know people are hypocritical? 




 4chan. 









 I thought that's what it read, thank you! 









 Soundgarden - Ty Cobb. Great track, has what IO believe to be a banjo breakdown in it. 




 Great parenting all around. 









 I've been drunk before. I have been "Wow, I can't believe I called my ex" drunk. Been "I can't believe I didn't die from my own vomit" drunk. I have NEVER been "That amputation was a breeze" drunk. 




 I'm going with the discovery of anesthesia. I honestly cannot imagine how much life sucked before that. 









 I'd like to think the hype is only helping Reznor secure all permissions and funding to make this release as absolutely perfect as possible. I know from multiple interviews he seems baffled by the surge in interest, but I know he also is hearing people who are begging for it. Looks like people tweet about it regularly too. It's one of my top three favorite albums and I am going to be patient, because when it comes out I know it's going to blow me the fuck away just like it did the night it came out.

Tl;dr - this is going to be worth the wait 




 Russia blamed? WTF? Weeks ago the Wall Street Journal and Reuters were gloating that the crash in oil was going to destroy Russia. People can't even rage consistently anymore. It's insane. 




 I'm guessing you haven't been anywhere near it in decades. Even condos in North West are selling for 400k. The worst ghettos of DC are still getting 200k for the rowhomes.  














 The fact that it is increasingly less fantastic with every read makes it one of the scariest books ever written in my opinion. Every day, it becomes a little less unlikely.  




 Perpetual War for Perpetual Peace by Gore Vidal, read it just out of college and it caused me to reconsider a lot of positions I had taken for granted. For better or worse, it changed my outlook on a lot of things to this day. I'd love to hear about other books impacting others in similar ways. 




 Looking for a book that affected you long after you finished reading. Something that made you consider or reconsider your position on a subject, your attitude, your lifestyle, your job, your relationship, your habits etc. 




 Antiviral, 13 Sins, Gone Girl, Would You Rather, The Hole,  Cry Wolf are a few that come to mind. 




 I already forgot she ever existed. 




 In line at Wal Mart? 




 It's not as bad as it sounds, just make sure you're really drunk. Trust me. 




 I think mine would involve paying for my Comcast services with a Comcast bank issued credit card that I make monthly payments on with income I make working in a Comcast owned grocery store that I drive to every day in my Comcast sponsored transport pod. On the way to work, I pass the Comcast Public Library, the Comcast Community High School and wave to my friend who is headed to work at the Comcast Water Department. On the radio, I only hear the "latest pop hits" Comcast plays on their menus and between each song I am exposed to 5 minutes of advertising for the lastest "hit reality show" Comcast will be showing that night.

Yes. That sounds like hell to me. 









 If he is singling out blacks as a group he won't help, it's bad. If he is implying everyone is suffering in the same way and he won't extend customized solutions to specific groups of people, that's actually worse.

How out of touch can a person be to believe everyone in the US are facing the same issues? If he's racist, that's one thing. If he's so clueless he thinks every problem in the US is shared because we're all Americans, that's just insane. 









 I think I missed something...did this comment actually address what he said, or was it sort of a generic statement thrown out to change the topic in lieu of an actual response? Just want to make sure I didn't miss some credible explanation for this. 









 Somewhere, someone who doubts North Korea carried out the Sony hack upvoted this link... 









 I'm starting to believe he really has a mental handicap of some sort. He honestly thinks he is somehow supposed to be president because he wants it, and it just does not compute to him that it isn't happening.  














 Where's the money for church tax exemptions  and bank bailouts? 




 I love this headline so much. Thanks for making me laugh OP 




 I'd add diamonds to this. It's hard to believe people still pay so much for something worth, realistically, so little. 




 Nice restaurants. It's just dressing up something that winds up being flushed in the end. 
























 You just keep having these same dreams at different times, or are they combined? That seems like a lot... 




 Reading Freud does no one any good. 









 ^^^ 




 I'd love to see those stats. How many people use Netflix, Hulu, Prime, Crackle etc who were enrolled in cable television when they started, and how many dumped cable television within 30, 60 days of using those services. I feel like Comcast attempting to buy Time Warner is an admission  from them that the broadband cable is their last possible attempt at future profitability, because television is dying. And once Google fiber and other comparable services start rolling out en masse, I think Comcast is going to start breaking off pieces of their company and spinning them off to avoid complete bankruptcy. I cannot wait. 









 Couldn't agree more.  














 As people in Kansas are trained to be ignorant. Isn't it amazing how effective training can be?  




 Uneducated people can't be unhappy? I'm sure you aren't smiling all the time, right? 




 Water is wet...? 




 That is a completely different discussion. They aren't even educating their children to the fact fossils are real. There are some basic steps that need to be taken before they can learn how the legislative system works, don't you think? 




 What part of Kansas are you from? The part of Kansas I hear from want him out. The locals call it 'Brownbackistan'. There's even a running joke he keeps everyone out of work so they can't afford the gas to run him out of the state. So overall, I'll give you a 4.5 for form, but your substance was lacking a bit in truthiness. 














 Is there anything you could have done that may have changed the outcome?  



















 The problem with that comment: Headline still true 









 Every radio station. All of them. 









 Pretty sure it impacts the majority of the world. 




 Celebrity worship. 









 http://strictlycomedancing.info/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/Victoria-Pendleton-Brendon-Cole-Strictly-Come-Dancing-Series-10-2012-4x600.jpg 









 It's visible from....cyberspace. Bam. 




 My wife is from Eastern Europe and she REFUSES to teach me insults or swear words. One day, she got really irritated in traffic and spouted something that as far as I can tell roughly translated to something about a mother servicing a farm animal. I would love to know if other such insults existed in the world, I have to drive on the beltway and could always use some suggestions. 














 Thanks, appreciate it.  









 Spend a lot of time thinking of incest, do you? 




 Much like the endless row of gentlemen outside of my moms bedroom, I walked into that. 




 This question brought to you by Die Hard - a film series I've never seen and am now being relentlessly taunted by two close friends for never having seen.  My schedule and Die Hards schedule just never lined up. 




 Any particular reason you haven't done that thing? 




 I've never watched a Die Hard movie and likely never will. Am I going to hell? 




 So...patients hooked up to vents in hospitals, you're on your own. This is America. *lights out* 









 Yes :) 




 It's sad people who have known me my entire life can't get even close to this level of awesomeness in the gifts they get for me. 









 Not sure, but I'll try to find out or direct him here. 




 Odd, they scare me. Then again, I live in Baltimore. 




 In a manner of speaking, yes oddly enough 









 http://www.fool.com/investing/general/2014/08/06/is-the-peak-oil-myth-dead.aspx

There are some sources that argue that way of thinking. Personally, I think if people (including me) were manipulated into accepting higher prices once due to a false belief in a shortage crisis, there is every reason to believe they (and you) are being manipulated again.

 




 The extraordinarily high price per barrel is a fairly new phenomenon. Viewed as statistics over decades, isn't the latest drop representative of normalization? 
























 You are aware people have been arrested, tried and imprisoned for DDOS attacks, right?

http://www.businessinsider.com/dutch-teenager-arrested-for-pro-wikileaks-ddos-attacks-2010-12

http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2011/jan/27/anonymous-hacking

http://www.theregister.co.uk/2011/04/19/operation_avenge_assange_suspect/

You might think they are "simply pings", but those pings get people arrested when they are used AGAINST corporations.  




 Except they [allegedly] are.
http://www.extremetech.com/extreme/195753-sony-fights-back-against-hackers-stolen-file-sharers-by-firing-a-ddos-back-at-them 









