 good point about space operas being expensive 




 hmmmm westworld 




 hmmm, westworld 




 but maddaddam is like a dystopian future show theres enough of those on tv already im talking a space opera, with spaceships, aliens, battles, and evil badguys, and maybe an empire too 




 or sci-fi shows period, i dont care what its about, instead its like "oh you need a GOT fix and that movie you didnt see in the theater, but still want to see plays next month, well instead heres some more guilt exploiting documentaries about global warming, and homophobia, and AIDS themed miniseries, because we need more emmys and golden globes and youll nominate them because youll feel like a huge jackass if you dont!! because THATS how we do it!." i mean seriously i mean global warming and all that stuff is a serious issue but whoever owns HBO right now if youre reading this, please consider a sci-fi show (preferably space opera), thank you. 




 you don't call them she, and they're not male 




 they lie and lie and lie and LIE, like recently there was an article on why beinga movie buff ruins your life, and i say whoever wrote that article YOURE EVIL AND I HATE YOU being a movie buff is great!!!!!!! theres just liars and liars and more liars, they ruin EVERYTHING about cinema, and they should be launched into space into the sun!!! anyone who disagrees please state why now, thank you 




 Dora the Explorer spanish 









 if john munch appeared 




 this episode taught me that 'cannoli' can be plural AND singular apparently 




 touche 




 i mean seriously, i watch the show and reddit is bombarded with bitching, whining, nitpicking little babies, that dont find a thing to their liking. the show is like an awesome vacation spot, and reddit after the episodes is like coming back home finding out your hometown is overrun by zombies that wanna kill you, imagine that each and every week!! its miserable is what im trying to say 




 how many awards have YOU won, hmmmmm? 




 hellraiser was cool, but thats not what im asking, im asking who you think doug JONES can play 




 i'm not talking about andy serkis (don't get me wrong i like his work but) im talking about DOUG JONES, so who do you think he should play? 




 the first movie was decent, so i guess i can check it out,  




 the question is which character? id prefer if he'd play a pokemon and i have a good idea which one, can you guess? heres some links to both help you out, and to let you know who im talking about:

http://imgur.com/gallery/h8A09QY

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMVJnWd4idE 




 im so fucking sick of transformers comparisons id rather commit suicide if i hear it ONE MORE TIME!! 




 yes i have and i like the new movies, and quit judging people! 




 I like mystery men, I only watched the first 20 minutes of bowfinger (I watched GOLDfinger though) bowfinger seemed pretty funny though 




 Hes won nearly 20 awards though, 




 Benedict is a good actor though 




 Persecution complex you say? You may be on to something. 




 how do you keep finding me? 




 oh christ your one of those people who say 'nutrek', thats like a trend that shouldve passed in 2011, its hopeless, ill never have a civil discussion about ''nutrek'' as you call it. theres just no hope 




 see this is what i never understood, i have zero complaints about a movie, but its made hard to enjoy because people keep pointing out the flaws, like going out to get gourmet chocolate pudding with friends and enjoying it, and then you hear the people you were with at the time complain about it either looking like a doggie doodie, or not being flavored to their liking? it wears you down

EDIT: btw this isnt grammar class i can type stuff however i please 




 but why cant i have an opinion? :( 




 without being seen as a bully, i mean i like them and no one can take that away, people can complain about them not being made to their liking, or the classic "they dont follow genes vision" excuse but we have the franchise back and thats something that a sci fi fan can appreciate. also i think we should give bob orci a chance, i mean think about it, the new movies got rave reviews, and we have 2 new movies already i wanna know what dont people like about the new movies, and ill share why i like them, and i like them because they bring life into this franchise with these talented actors in beautiful action packed fight scenes. and thats why i like them, and now why cant i have that opinion i ask? explain why, itll give me clarity to this kerfuffel

EDIT: i swear to god if i hear ONE MORE COMPARISON TO TRANSFORMERS ill flip a shit!! 









 FOR FUCKS SAKE!!! were only like 3 episodes into the show people!! 91% on rotten tomatoes dont come from fucking review fairies!!! like you think bruno heller made a wish one day and was like,"starlight starbright and all that shit, i wish my new show had a good tomatometer rating!"? reviews come from critics with age and experience!!!  




 ok so i CLEARLY implied that im sick of hearing those words. How to you did that translate to "give it a try ill, like that very much" explain to me please 




 you know what im done talking to you, go piss someone else off i dont have time for you, what about YOUR mother knowing what you do on the internet? i am looking forward to episode 7 and i think jj abrams is the right man for the job, no further discussion is required!!!! so stfu go bother someone else, i bet your mother is very proud of you! 




 I don't have time or punctuations, and my mother loves me very much 




 ok the answers to your questions is because YOU SUCK!!! there all done, well its been real see ya around, adios! 




 oh god SHUT UP ill have to report you for harassment!! 




 i asked for advice to deal with assholes not INVITE any. also i think jj abrams is a great director and will make a great star wars!!!!  




 maybe i seem to notice the nitpicking more, its like an overpowering sauce in a soup it takes away the flavor 




 im fucking sick of it!! especially when people complain that they arent 'subtle' if they werent subtle how would you know what villains they were? subtlety sucks!!! thats how the show is DEAL WITH IT!! either start accepting that or stop watching it! hell im still amazed my sister still claims shes into harry potter but nitpicks about it any chance she gets. same thing with star wars fans or trekkers. i swear to god if i hear ONE MORE TIME about the fucking villain name dropping im gonna LOSE MY SHIT!!! you cant stop people liking a tv show. i swear the people who criticize this show are the worst! 




 that isnt what i asked! 




 FUCK OFF!!! He's great!!! Are you TheSolarSailor by any chance? 




 badly 




 i thought i WAS being the bigger man

EDIT: besides if i didnt call them out how will they know hes causing people misery and know when to stop? 




 Because I don't have an imdb account of my own, and God help if I get an intelligent answer there 




 Because man there are so many users on imdb like TheSolarSailor, he SAYS he doesn't care about Star Wars or Star Trek but CONSTANTLY picks on people of they like it especially episode 7, he even said he's looking forward to picking on all the disappointed people when it comes out. TheSolarSailor if you're reading this I HATE YOU Motherfucker! People like you give movie buffs a bad name. There's gonna be Star Wars fans whether you like it or not!!!! If anyone has advice either for me or TheSolarSailor don't hesitate to give it, thank you! At the very least at least tell TheSolarSailor to stop being an asshole. 




 That titles reminds me o that part in that Ed, edd, n eddy episode where they make that city in the alley out of cardboard boxes. And at one point Ed says "I was the balloon guy" 




 I thought it was just fine they've just fallen under the haters spell.

EDIT:ok maybe I overeacted a little  




 Cmon people!!! This is a subreddit for Gotham but you still make fun of it?!? How is that possible?!?
And don't downvote me for liking the show that started this subreddit! 




 i mean its like the world is trying to convince me that "you are not allowed to like this show, people wont like you for it!" type of thing, and its like the rave reviews dont come from review fairies people!! (bruno heller: i wish my new show had rave reviews. Fairie: your wish has been granted) theyre from all natural real human persons!!! i hate what i hear from you people "its bad because theres no batman" "some actors arent the right age" i mean its bad enough that there are people who dislike the marvel universe movies (and i avoid them as much as possible, and if i DO come across them, they make an enemy for life.) am i bad for liking a show? i swear to god if i hear ONE MORE TIME it doesnt meet your petty expectations or there's too many Easter eggs or too many cameos there'll be HELL TO PAY and you'll make an enemy FOR LIFE!! if anyone has a good reason why i should or shouldnt like gotham, dont hesitate to explain why. thank you

EDIT:dear god, why do i keep asking for permission to like stuff i should know better by now, I'm probably better of binging my money and time on booze 




