 This is one of the nicest backyard pool's I've ever seen. I kinda hate that guy now 




 I think these new TTs look beautiful 




 I really really like it. Sure, it doesn't look like a Mustang, but it's still a damn sexy car. 




 You should watch it. It's kind of amazing.  




 Nope. 

One of the optional voices for SR4 is North but the default is Troy. Booker is totally Troy. 




 I am jealous  




 When and where did you see ten minutes if the film? What did you see?  




 That's not the first line though. There's a scene with Bateman and his friends at dinner first, and then they all go out to a nightclub. Then the next morning he does that speech. I think the first line is a waiter describing dinner. 




 The scene on the highway where they discover Billy is still alive in the trunk comes before that though  




 Ah yes you're totally right. Forgot about that.

Still, that refinery is massive. 




 Oh man the voice acting is absolutely hilarious. Everything about this show is so insane and messed up. I love it. 




 Whoa, the Nostromo and the Sulaco are waaaaayy bigger than I thought.

Also, all the Warhammer ships look like steam trains, and all the Eve ships look like bits of driftwood. 




 Well it doesn't look like those those penguins off in the distance are miked in any way, so that's probably a bit of a giveaway 




 It's pretty blatantly obvious  




 It was definitely the least subtle in Worlds End  




 Justin Lin (director of F amp;amp;F 3-6) directed an independent movie in 2002 called Better Luck Tomorrow. Sung Kang is in that as well as a character named Han who smokes a lot.  




 no it wasn't 




 Shouldn't have shown Cusack in the trailer 




 That's worse than being racist  




 This was the first Godzilla movie I ever saw as a kid. And it was terrible. After that I watched Godzilla vs the Sea Monster. 
Also terrible.
But then I saw Godzilla vs Biollante and it was awesome. And now I've seen them all.
 




 Patton Oswalt just directed a live read of Raising Arizona with Timothy Olyphant and Ron Perlman 




 This has been posted a thousand times. This is not the final design. They would not have revealed the final design at the Godzilla Experience like this.

The final design seems to be very similar from what we've seen, and I think Gareth said this was fairly close, but the final design seems to be a lot less chunky and possibly with bigger spikes. 




 Casino, obviously. 

Boogie Nights is basically Goodfellas but with porn actors, one of my all time favorites. 

The Departed is kinda similar. Not exactly the same but still gangsters and definitely worth watching.

Maybe try Snatch, Donnie Brasco, Carlitos Way, Usual Suspects, Blow, True Romance, Chopper, American Hustle.
Scarface is like a crazy cartoon version. 

There are a lot of gangster movies out there, but very very few of them are as fast paced and naturalistic with an awesome soundtrack like Goodfellas. Casino and Boogie Nights are definitely the other movies I can think of that are quite the same.
Wolf of Wall Street seems to be the most Goodfellasy thing Scorcese has done since Goodfellas. 




 Black + clear = white?

Buaauhh??  




 Dom Hemingway and Filth look so incredibly similar I can barely tell them apart. I wonder which will be better 




 Wasn't it already confirmed a while ago that there will be no other Toho monsters aside from Godzilla, and that the monsters he will be fighting will be entirely new and original? 




 I didn't realize it was all that different watching the trailer, but it looks like he's definitely lost some weight  




 You think this is bad?

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3bFIPa0tIM

I absolutely love Jimmy Neutron and Kung Pow, but christ this dude has made some unbearable garbage 




 oohhh noo 




 I have Godzilla 1985 on DVD...  




 Hey at least it's not Damon Lindelof! 




 Leo as J Edgar Hoover is teeerrrrible 




 No they should have Paul Walker crash Dom's Charger, and then get struck by lightning, so then Paul Walker's consciousness is inside of the car. Then Dom can drive Paul Walker around like KITT and they solve mysteries together. 




 Running Scared should really replace Into The Blue on this list.  




 The only thing I feel the need to say is that Amir's new round glasses look really bad 




 Fuck that hit me right in the gut  




 Won't it be weird conceiving children with your twin?  




 Plutarch sounds like onomatopoeia for vomiting  




 Cherish her like you cherish all of your lemons  




 I don't know if the impression changed or anything later on because that part made me so uncomfortable I had to stop 




 Beautiful! A dream car of mine. Maybe one day...

 




 I think he bought the one he drove in 2Fast2Furious.  




 But you probably don't bring it to meet your girlfriends parents and whip it to try and measure dicks with her father 




 I think they're both stupid. Threatening people will knives and guns is really immature dumb behavior either way.  




 You carry a knife around? Do you keep it in your black trenchcoat with your make up and Invader Zim velcro wallet?  




 This is from Jekyll and Hyde.  




 I'm an Australian and I drove past midnight on my Ps all the time and never got in trouble  




 You mean a charity car show 




 Is this game open world? And is there any car customization? 

I feel like nothing will ever scratch my itch for a new Forza Horizon 




 Didn't the Fast 6 bluray come out a while ago? I've had it for at least a month. 




 I got a PS4 last night at launch and I was wondering why it seemed so bare.  




 Obviously the part where she gets blood smeared on her face was a separate take  




 And then that caused her to bite harder from the pain, which caused you to bite harder from the pain, and then you were both laughing and screaming with your teeth clenched on each other's junk 




 Might be a quasi sequel to the original and a reboot at the same time, just like the other reboots? 




 What's this from?  




 If I get a PS4, will my trophies earned on that system show up on my PS3 and vice versa, or is it just a one time transfer over type deal? Can I keep playing the PS3 and earn trophies that will show up on my PS4? Will my PS4 trophies show up on my PS3?  




 Scorsese doing a big final gangster movie with DeNiro, Pacino, Pesci and Keitel? 

I want that so bad 

EDIT: Frank Vincent's gotta be in there too  




 Sounds like something I should read  




 The giant killer sperm from The Filth freaked me out. Not especially gory or anything bit it just made me feel dirty.

There were some pretty dark things happening in the first half (good half) of Irredeemable. Mostly kids getting killed in various ways.  

There was that terrible Lovecraftian book that Alan Moore wrote where a woman got raped by a fish demon and then later gave him a handjob. That was doubly fucked up because that was the genius behind Watchmen, Killing Joke and V for Vendetta writing that nonsense.

And of course anytime Garth Ennis gets all shock gore crazy, which is usually more fucked up than anything else on my list but I think I've become desensitized to him by now.  




 Like what? 




 That series started off really fucked up and great, but then it just sorta went downhill after a while for me  




 Filming started a while ago and there have been pics from the set floating around here for like 2 months  




 Jeez. That couldn't have really been the tag line could it?  




 I'm still super bummed that this isn't a launch game  




 Yeah slavery was the only injustice black people faced in America and it ended cleanly and simply and there have been no negative race related repercussions since. Get over it already black people. Jeez.  




 Really? The first one is basically Point Break, the second feels like a cheesy 80s crime movie, the third one is actually about underground street racing in Tokyo, the fourth is an underground Mexican drug cartel movie, the fifth is a bid budget team heist movie, the sixth is a globe trotting crazy spy/mercenaries type action movie, and the seventh will be a revenge movie.  




 Your Interceptor is stolen at the start of the game and the game is all about getting it back  




 Apparently neither.  




 Whoa that's a crazy cast  




 Single player kinda sucks. But multiplayer is brilliantly fun. Get it on PC or next gen consoles though.  




 The scheduling conflict was the filming of Hercules, which ended a couple weeks ago, and there's still 2 or 3 months left of shooting for Fast 7. I was hoping this meant The Rock doesn't get left out of most if the action, but it seems like he might.  




 Does Ghost Protocol really fit?  




 I do this every night with your son 




 That is bafflingly hilarious  




 I dunno, jammed its head through the door way or something 




 The T-rex wasn't originally in the cargo hold. 

It was in that big steel cage that was sitting on the deck of the boat. We see it in that cage after Roland tranquilized it when everyone is leaving the island by helicopter.

Then when Malcolm and Sarah get on the boat you can see that the cage is torn open. The T-rex broke out of the cage, killed a bunch of people, and then chased people into the cargo hold or something, and a dying crew member closed the cargo doors.

There was that one hand inside the captain's cabin holding on to the steering wheel, which was weird, but I guess maybe the T-Rex was able to stick his head through the door to eat that guy or something. 




 So you're saying being a Brony is not a choice 




 Well that looks awesome as shit 




 I haven't seen it yet, but how much screen time does Dean Norris get ?  




 I would actually love it if the next movie featured a scene where Vin Diesel jumps his Charger over a shark 




 The cheesy church music and the fact that it seems to be pretending that this is a true historical event make this movie seem way more like a laughable made for TV religious family movie with a big budget.

The clapping didn't help either.

Hopefully this was just a terrible trailer and was not at all representative of the final film... 




 The meaning for to be the fun of a game wherein we are to be online with friends is the meaning of what it is for us all together.  




 The school nurse one is crazy hot. Never heard of something like that before  




 No she wasn't  




 Wait, who's that guy playing Steve Haines? I could have sworn he was voiced by H Jon Benjamin when I was playing the game 




 Not really. It's a trilogy of thematically linked films, all about revenge with a very dark twisted tone, but they're completely unrelated in terms of story and characters.

Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance, Oldboy, and Sympathy for Lady Vengeance. Oldboy is absolutely the best one.  




 It's clearly some sort of weird tiki statue or something, but that doesn't stop it from looking fucking freaky as shit.

Could you imagine accidentally stumbling upon that thing while messing around on Street View. 




 MMNNAGH MMNAGHGH  BAKKAAGH MMNMAAAGHBBAAH 




 The Rundown and Fast Five are legitimately fantastic cheesy action movies. 




 ...Kelsey Grammar? 




 You can go fuck yourself  




 Didn't Batman start in the 40s 




 That guy was in Minority Report and Mission Impossible 2 




 "Which one of you is supposed to be the funny guy? We had a funny guy with us in Korea. Tail gunner. They blew his brains out all over the Pacific... There's nothing funny about that." 




 Thanks Obama  




 It's not just maybe a reference to RDR, it's the exact same dialogue 




 This article goes for like four paragraphs before giving any information, but the first cast member is Bryce Dallas Howard  




 It's a joke  




 Oh my lord  




 Post pics man!  




 I bought a tank from the military vehicles website as Trevor, but it's not at my Pillbox Hill garage or any of my safe houses. What gives? Have I just flushed 3 million down the drain?  




 So did Hank 




 And then how do you start this mission? 




 I find them around the movie studio quite a bit 




 The movie studio usually has nice cars parked inside it. That's where I got mine.  




 I am so sick of zombies in everything 




 Definitely agree 




 God I hope so 




 Can you continue playing as all three characters once the campaign is over?

I've heard rumors about one if the characters potentially dying. I remember how much it sucked when John died at the end of Red Dead. I mean it worked great for story reasons, but since there was no warning I had to restart and play through the entire game again so that I could create an alternate save before the end so I could keep playing in the open world as John. 

So without giving too much away, will I be able to keep playing as all three characters when the story ends, or am I going to have to create an alternate save or something? 




