
















































































































































 First post I've seen where I upvoted most of the comments.  The extent of the sexism is not only dismaying/enraging but as old as I am it's really weird and not really understandable.  And I don't even see any jailbait, creepshots, or gonewild.  TwoX is mostly respectful and thoughtful.  And I'm sometimes blown away by the quality of bestof posts and comments in cogsci, science2, foodforthought and others so I keep coming back. 

































































































































 So many great and thoughtful replies -- thanks. 









 So how should ethical treason be treated?  And what about those who applied treasonous ethics to justify their treatment of him? 
























 From the article:
51.4 percent of conservative Republicans think we're spending too little on either Social Security, health care or both. Only 28.7 percent think we're spending too much, and just 7.3 percent think we're spending too much on both.

That's 7.3 percent of conservative Republicans in support of the position taken by leaders of both political parties.

It's encouraging to see that the leaders are so wildly off base. 





























 Okay, without "Americans":

It looks lazy and weird to we.

vs.

It looks lazy and weird to us.

It makes a difference whether it's used as subject or object. 




 You think *to we* is an improvement on *to us*?  Better not to admit it. 
























 What are the origins of the misuse of the -eez plurals other than pretension?  Once they become widespread people simply copy them, but what gets them started?  

The reason I blame pretension is probably because I first heard these -eez plurals thrown around when I started college.  Plurals of thesis, basis and the like were in frequent use and it seemed many students were consciously trying to get them right. 

And maybe the reason some words are immune, such as recess, is that there's no status gain to be had.  Or have you ever heard ree-sehs-eez? 














 The five myths, plus "the greatest myth":
The poorest 40 percent own about 10% of the wealth.  Entitlements are the problem. Welfare benefits are a drag on the economy. The American Dream is still alive -- if you just work hard. Prison puts away the bad guys. The rich are being "soaked." 




 And further:
As you stand in the gap between reality and possibility, the temptation is to jump onto one side or the other. If you jump onto the side of too much hard reality, you can get stuck in corrosive cynicism. If you jump onto the side of too much possibility, you can get caught up in irrelevant idealism. These two extremes sound very different, but they have the same impact on us: both take us out of the gap  and the gap is where all the action is.
 




 Also from the aticle:
The brains weakest function is the retention of isolated bits of data. Its strongest function is the retention of pattern, narrative, story, and system.  Dumping data bits into students heads and calling it education Is a system that targets the brains _weakest_ function,
 














 Also from the article:
When you throw facts at people to refute what they believe, it only hardens their convictions. But if you create a relational container that can hold an ongoing dialogue, its more likely that someone will change  and that someone may be you! 














 also from the article:
Violence is what happens when we dont know what else to do with our suffering. That applies on every level of life. When individuals dont know what to do with their suffering, they do violence to others or themselves.  When nations dont know what to do with their suffering, they go to war.
 
























 Emma Goldman: If voting changed anything, itd be illegal. 



















 Then the garden path goes away too. 



















 For me the single.most.obvious.requirement would be open-source code. Nefarious code could alter the paper trail at a level that would be unlikely to trigger a recount.  Paper trails are an obvious requirement though. 









 Some fraction of a percent comes from [Persian](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_English_words_of_Persian_origin). 














 I am astounded by the wide acceptance here of "free will" as an either/or matter. 









 1. Cutting the deficit is no big deal. 2. Tackling Climate Change would create jobs and stimulate the economy. 3. Regulations are good for the economy. 4. Occupying foreign countries to prevent terrorism causes terrorism. 5. Government is an essential partner in creating jobs and prosperity. 




 Thanks.  For a while I thought I had missed an enormous jump. 




 My brokerage program is Interactive Brokers Trader Workstation. See my trade history and TBT history [here](http://i.imgur.com/c5h3w.jpg). 






















































 Reasonable people from both sides cannot come together and hash out a compromise that takes everyones interests into account. The middle ground is an unbridgeable chasm, and ideology represents our attempts to paper over and ignore that chasm. 





















































































































































 How about their potential Supreme Court nominations? 




