 ah yes, looks like a japanese pull saw used in woodworking so often.   




 pallet wood ? that could be treated with all sorts of chemicals.  I'd *hope* he was taking the piss, but then, haggis ;) 

I think the stuff I have no is probably dry enough to give it a go. I do recall that the first thing I ever smoked, even before I had a proper smoker, was a turkey leg on a gas grill, with apple chips and it was delightful.   

thanks!  




 Oh, if you like Indian food I have something for you: get yourself some Tandoori Masala, and make it up the usual way (I use two packets and double the yogurt) but then *inject* it into chicken - I'm a fan of things.  And then *smoke* it.  Yes, injected, smoked, tandoori chicken.  It's to die for.  




 In the States it's called tailgating, and it's typically not well received.  I've heard of people tossing coins out of windows at tailgaters. 

I was taught to continue my own speed, drive the way I want to drive. If you speed up, it may entice them more to tailgate you further.  That said, if you're in the left lane, get out of the left lane.  




 yeah same here, I just check every once in a while and make sure everything is worth more than when I bought it.  As long as it's net positive and I'm not losing money, I'm happy. Can't ask for anything more.  Beyond that, I try to make solid gains, but at the end of the day not losing money counts ;)   




 Investing it like barbecue... just stop looking at it eh, just let it cook.

 




 are you investing or trading ?  




 I would have fileted that bitch and served it with a Goldschlagger sauce.  Just, you know ... 'cause.  




 Oh man, smoked meat going into southwestern food.  If there's a way I could sneak a roux and a curry into that it'd be all my favorite foods into one. 




 on/off "faucet" tap

Bro.  Put a hydrolock on it.  When you want to pour water out (instead of sipping on it) either pull the mouthpiece off, or pull the whole hydrolock out, then put it back in.  Works like a champ, filling pots, washing, dog bowls whatever. 

 




 Sounds  like she's a tenderfoot.  Did she do any regular training before the 30 miles ?   




 yeah, I can't remember the last time I actually screened.  




 oh god yes, you actually have dried wood in the UK? I imagine vast warehouses, labelled "dry stuff" strategically located around the country, just full of random things people would like to keep dry.   




 mmhmmm, especially if he smuggled in a bit of that Courvoisier. 




 yeah, the more I think about it I guess either way would work fine.   




 thanks ! Guess I'll let it dry for a bit first.  




 I'm genuinely surprised foreigners are allowed to buy your houses.  Do they just buy it outright ? Like some guy in Asia browses real estate websites, goes "Wow, fuck, Vancouer is cheap as shit I'm gonna buy a house there and just sit on it for 20 years"  or do they form REITS or some other form of entities that are actually created in your country ?  As in it may be foreign money, but its' actual domestic purchases ?  




 oh man, another great idea ! I did one years ago, a whole salmon from Costco, it was unbelievable. 




 And, I presume, meanwhile fucking over the locals who get priced out of their own communities ?  




 unlocked.  I guess so that when they start swarming in through the air vents you can doing your screaming escape from the vehicle without impediment.  

these bees sound nasty.  




 I like Jefit.  




 Buying a house.  In a few more years the rent at my old apartment will be more than the mortgage of my house.  My house is nice (nothing fancy), big yard, many bedrooms in a very nice neighborhood, my apartment not so much.   So it was tough at first, but soon I'll be paying less than what my rent would be and getting like 2 -3 times as much for it.  




 Right now I have plenty of dead apple and pear in the back yard, as well as a couple cherry trees who one day may donate wood.

I've only ever smoked with dried store bought hickory. 

if I want to smoke with the apple or bear, do I need to wait for it to completely dry or can I smoke with it still green ?  




 actually it *has* been a while since I did chicken or turkey ... and I have some freshly felled pear and apple in the yard ... thanks for the idea !! 




 TRADING ?  Sorry, can't help you there, I don't trade.  I invest. Perhaps not as long term or as shrudely as others, but I hold stuff for months and years.  




 Was the winner crowned the Scythe Lord ?  Ducking off stage now ...  




 don't forget the economics at play either ... the ration of responders to citizens is likely to be higher in the suburbs (whom has less people) as well as the funding (taxes).  




 jeebus ! Are these folks passing out at frat parties or something ?  




 I gave up on the idea of rational investing years ago. I chase performance, even with my funds.  

There, I said it.  Been good to me so far though, say what you will.  




 LoL.  I carried a machete once.  But then, was in jungle.  Was actually super useful.   




 I would actually argue that a software developer would do better at analyzing individual issues than the big level questions here. OP is asking about the high level... this isn't data, it's experience.   Analyzing the issues is much more about the data though IMO.  




 One pro for individual equities is you can get in and out of them alot faster than funds.  So if you're playing around with play money and just want  to do some speculative short time stuff, they're much better IMO.

Buying an individual equity is as safe or as risky as you want it. There are highly rated stocks  that are low risk, low gain or vice versa.  Remember that a fund's risk/growth rating is an aggregate of it's underlying issues.  You'll also save on management fees with individual equities versus funds. 

That said, I don't own any issues anymore.  I used too - consumer goods, tech... companies I knew well, knew their space well as well as their strategies and positioning ... but I moved everything into leveraged funds when the recovery market started taking off and have been doing exceptionally well in them.  




 So ok, here's one vote for doors before floors.  

yeah, flush cutting is a beautiful thing.  I've used long recip blades for it in the past, but if I'm stuck doing this work myself I'm gonna spring for a proper flush saw.  Rent one at least. 

 




 But the requirements clearly stated "variety of colors and sizes".    




 Well, at least I learned they're a lot less greasy on the second day.  And actually cold ribs right from the fridge aren't bad.  




 OP has an Uncle named Mose ?  




 It's just cause the dog knows he can't get away with hitting a chick. 




 You've already rang local quarries asking if they would want to buy it cheap and resell it ?  You'll sometimes find construction goods on Craigslist as well, but that means storing it.  




 Yes. 




 thank you!  




 ;)   




 ain't wrong. 




 thank you! on our first floor we hadto use engineered flooring to go directly over a slab.  For this second floor, we have the option of using solid if we want, or some of the newer innovations like click...any recommendations on which you'd go  with ?  The manufacturer doesn't make the flooring we used on the first level (a very light natural oak color) so it's going to be mismatched either way. 




 The has stated in the past that they don't feel talk like this is appropriate for here because there's a facebook group, except I don't  use Facebook.   Is there a forum somewhere where I can banter about contractors with other locals, and not only discuss quality of work (which sites like Angies list are good for) but also *pricing* (which those sites aren't good for).  I would just like to discuss contractors with folks and experiences and relative pricing so I don't have to get a million estimates for every little job ...I don't know why but picking contractors has always been stressful for me.  I just want to talk to neighbors about who they used for what, how much they charged, how happy they were with the work, etc.   

 




 Which is ok because that entire restroom has NOPE written all over it.   




 plot twist, architect decides entire thing needs refactoring 




 Hello HomeImprovement !  We want to replace a bunch of doors (and the surrounding casing etc)  as well as install hardwood flooring.   Should I have the flooring done before the doors ? Thx !  




 I've smoked countless ribs over the years.  I make my own rub with love, and it's a very popular one, and I go through the usual pains of smoking them.   They're always delicious, but they're just becoming unappealing to  me as I cut back on fat in my diet.  I do lean towards spareribs because they're cheaper and tastier than back ribs IMO.  I still love brisket, but lately I find myself just getting turned off by the fattiness of ribs.

Maybe I need to switch to back ribs, better quality spare ribs, or maybe I'm doing something wrong.  Either way, when the ribs came off the smoker yesterday and we ate, I realized I wasn't enjoying ribs much anymore.  I think I'll buy some brisket and butts for a bit.

Just wanted to get this off my chest.  









 nice. also, shouldn't the size be a property of an object as opposed to a string ? 




 believable.  




 I'm definitely addicted to media and connectivity.   I'd love to lose the phone for a week, but in my case it could very well mean both my house and job are completely falling apart ... so I need at least a smidgen of phone to check in with the family, and in case there's a pressing emergency from work, at least I'll get news of it within a day or two and not  like eons later (hectic work pace, 2 days is an eternity around here).  




 I do ;) Actually doesn't take that much data just to watch one TV show episode. 




 LoL, nice post.  Actually I'm pretty knowleadgeable about firearms, having owned several and spending my 20's in the Infantry.  I just don't see the need for them on the trails around here (Midatlantic area... I see more wildlife in my own yard than on the trails... literally.  sad but true).  




 oh yeah ... 




 I'm in Maryland, and I've found all sorts of shady/lazy/whatever crap on Realtor.com on listings around here.  I don't mean the hyperbole - that's just a reality in sales - but I mean completely junk information.  I remember writing their customer service about it once years ago and they said there wasn't much they could do.  However, IIRC they recently implemented the ability to provide listing-specific feedback.    




 TIL: They have access to Rambo movies in the Middle East.  




  My SO is South Carolinian 

OP knows what's up.  




 And in the Best Exotic Marigold Hotel  - just saw it last night and was thinking "man, I need to talk to my landscaper about that"  




 Ah gotcha, you're driving around for months, during which time you'd like to take a few week long or maybe even 2 week long trips. 

Depending on where you are, you could be perfectly fine just leaving the car very obviously empty and at the trailhead parking.  Or you could visit the local visitor center / Ranger station for the area, and ask if you can long-term park there, particularly if you're living out of your car for the many month's long trip (and thus can't leave  it empty). 
 




 LoL. Having never been to Washington, that's actually my impression of the whole state.  




 I'm going to do my best to translate this: 

"I live in a popular skydiving spot, and one day we heard a scream and found an unattended, unopened main parachute on our roof. We called the cops, they said wait for the skydiving company.  Sure enough they arrived and said something about incomprehensible but we were able to get the gist that the parachutist died. So we LoL'd, and I posted to /r/funny.   Because dead parachutist. Or Not, I'm still not sure.  Also, there was a reed involved." 




 Dem Pants 




 The name merges Chi-town with Iraq -- as if Chicago sinks like the godforsaken Iraq, a hopeless war zone to the world.

Thanks for the explanation CNN. Was having a hell of a time figuring that one out by myself.  




   Gaia GPS

Ah .. I'm a map and compass kiinda guy.  the only time I've ever used a GPS in the woods is to track my timing on a "fast pack" I did, and I used the same app I use to track my runs.  

 




 First 12 seconds were ok.  




 TIL: They have black lights at Line Dancing. 




 yes, that sounds a bit  more plausible. 




 gotcha.  I've actually been thinking about a battery operated mp3 player for a bit now... lol.  Music is a *huge* part of my life and lol, I guess I go a bit stir crazy on the trail.  I've actually sung out loud while hiking just to have some music.  




  High altitudes in the Sierra

Doh! My bad ... yeah, definitely beyond "just the liner" weather !  




 Lived here my whole life.  Can confirm  - can't get away from the stuff.  

Once in a time I even liked it, until it was just getting dumped (and I do mean dumped) on everything.  Took a chance on a local McDonald's promotion - Old Bay Filet of Fish.  Nearly puked. 

It's not bad as crab seasoning, but locals know the only thing worse than a crab cut is a crab cut with Old Bay.    




 IIRC, he's succesfully defended himself against multiple lawsuits, which would easily explain why they wouldn't be taking any legal action against them.  They're doing exactly their only choice - beating him at his own game.  Good for them.   




 yes, yes and yes.  The front looks like my mid-atlantic yard right now ... just all green.  Being in Florida OP has the luxury of being able to easily grow all sorts of incredibly colorful plants that would be considered exotic up here.  I would stage them by height as well as by blooming season and add some color to the place.  No need for plain green shrubbery down there ! 
 




 right, like a welcome distraction.  airplane mode definitely helps preserve the battery.  My phone's battery usage is rather poor though, so I always bring a large external battery pack that will charge it several times over.  To be honest though it's a bit large and heavy so I've been rethinking that bit as I continue to lighten up. 

Audiobooks you could put on a small mp3 player no ?  




 "Let's Interface".  Yep, sure to work wonders, especially in the 80's when everyone knew what "interface" meant.  




 Not easily accomplished, no, but had to be easily detectable.  
I wonder if there was inside help ?  




 I miss boomboxes. 




  Good fertilizer. 

Oy.  




 actually, tweezers are more multi-purpose, but for ticks themselves check out the tick key.  




 damnit. everytime I tell myself "this trend of everyone hiking with guns is ridiculous, I don't need one and never will" someone shares a story like this.  




 many *month* ? Post said "2 weeks".  For a many month trip I would leave the car right at home, and get a ride or transit to the trailhead.    




 true, fair enough, I assumed OP meant to take out with him  




 out of curiosity, how many paperbacks == weight of Kindle ?  




 Oh definitely.  It was a guilty pleasure for sure, at the time better than sneaking a snort of whiskey, or leaving the trail for a nice meal.  Just that one momentary touch of "civilization".  




 If you can't be with the house you love than love the house you're with.  




 Meh, I feel you, but my bigger problem is the number of agents who LITERALLY cannot be bothered to enter the footage at ALL, or who blatantly lie about the footage (4k feet, click picture, it's a tiny rancher) or include garage/basement in footage. 

And don't even get me started on the number of listings without a lot size. 

Or listings that present themselves as SFH's, you keep reading and realize the property doesn't even fucking EXIST.  They used a model picture, and are listing houses to be built on demand as existing properties. 

 




 I should be so lucky as to find a pizza place that actually has anchovies 




 14 mile day on the AT.  Exhausted, pitched my tent, collapsed into it right as the rain started.  Fired up the phone for the evening "I'm still alive" call and realized I had a really, really good cell signal.  And that I didn't have that many miles left, my external battery pack was still fully charged and ... well, next thing you know I'm continuing my Netflix binge from the Appallachian Trail.  

I know I can't be the only one who has done this eh ?  




 Right, sorry about that.   




 I have a Nemo as well as a Big Agnes Q Core.  I'm a huge fan of the ease of use and built in pillow of the Nemo, but it doesn't feel quite as warm as the BA.   I also discovered that Big Agnes bags have odd measurements ... it says they accomodate a 20 inch pad, but the sleeve actually only accomodates a 19ish inch pad, and while the BA pad is supposed to be 20 inches, it's actually just shy of that and happens to fit my BA bag perfectly. 

Both quite light, "20 in", quite comfy.  The BA one packs smaller and lighter.  Neither have the mylar krinkle to them.   Very satisfied with both, but tend to take the BA around with me more as - despite having to puff into it - it's smaller, lighter and fits my shoulder bag. 
 




 You're camping in the Ia Drang Valley ?  




 I'm showing Southwest flights from ATL to Portland as low as 142 depending on timing.  




 "footprints" are most definitely overpriced, but I find them very handy.  When we're going car camping, all of the State park sites are covered in gravel.  Dumbest thing, but I guess they do it for all the folks with campers, RV's, etc.  The footprint helps protect my much more expensive tent floor in that case, and goes underneath it against the gravel. 

For my backpacking tent, then footprint helps protect the *inside* of the tent's floor from my dogs paws. 

Both help with moisture.  No, you don't have to buy theirs, you can easily make your own.  




 Oh it's even better than that here in the Maryland ... every State park I've gone camping in has had shower houses, just like at a gym, outdoor sinks for dish washing, and wells for potable water.   People bring three generations out all the time ..

Downside, camping pads literally put us closer to folks than at our own house ... so I'm not a huge fan of it, but boy it's glampy alright getting a hot shower every morning.  




 Ok, here's your first survival tip ... don't rely on fragile electronics for your survival purposes.  




 Ok, so while /u/maehren is pointing out all the advantages of GPS versus Smartphones, all of which are very legitimate points, I'll go ahead and argue against the need for GPS's at all.   If you're going backpacking in a large system of complex trails or a national forest or going out for several days in unfamiliar territory then and are hopeless with a map and compass than I think a GPS unit would be justifiable.   Just doing day jaunts through some State Parks though .. they are relatively small, typically have maps available at the check in, are relatively populated and thoroughly blazed.  

I almost always have a map on me, but I rarely even have to break out the compass in most cases ... intersections, natural borders, manmade borders, basic terrain features and continuously knowing where I am have gotten me by quite handily for decades. 

The one exception is when I'm fastpacking, and want accurate tracking of my distance and time (at this point I'm basically training, but in the woods) ... I'll bring my phone and use my running application to track my "hike". 
 




 Right, the one you linked is apparently 5cm thick ... and that information was only in the "details", not the main description which I suppose means they aren't exactly going for comfort.  As a thermal break, it's good, but if you're on in years or have any back issues you may be much happier off with a thicker one. 

I use these, and am quite happy with both.  Despite having several back issues, they're quite comfortable for me, do quite well thermally (I've used one to 5 degrees F), and pack quite light and small, even into the smallest of packs. 

http://www.rei.com/product/865695/nemo-cosmo-insulated-air-sleeping-pad

http://www.rei.com/product/846673/big-agnes-q-core-sl-sleeping-pad

I don't know what their availability and pricing would be in the EU, but I'd highly advise seeking similar ones out in shops and trying them out.  I too used a "thin" one (A ThermoRest) for years that provided "just" a thermal break, and suffered for years sleeping outdoors never realizing how well I could have been sleeping.   

Thanks to these new thicker pads I now sleep as well outdoors as I do in my own bed.  




 What's all that clothing for ? Are you going camping or backpacking ? Are those pajamas ?  

Depending on the weather and season BTW you could probably do without the sleeping bag.  Here in the Mid-Atlantic I'd say it's warm enough now to just use a liner and no longer haul the bag.  




 Concur.  That also looks like nylon rope- highly appropriate for marine use, but shite as general purpose cordage IMO.   




  Saying "bear" at the end is especially important if you're with/near other people so that they know what's going on

At first I thought this part was humour, but it actually makes a lot of sense, lest people think there's some sort of domestic dispute occuring in the campground !  




 Are Tomatoes rare in Germany ? Like once they were reserved for Royalty only ?  




 "best wingman ever" [fist bump]  




 hmmm. sounds like a potential IP infringement to me.  




 this is so right. i'm gonna post it on my FB.   J/K. 




 I find that consuming a high dose of protein right after my workout (like within 30 minutes) does quite a bit to prevent doms.  




 Amazon: $36.95+ $2.99 shipping.  This Massdrop seems like a pretty good deal relatively speaking.   




 Masterful formatting.  I can barely figure out how to do bullet points.   




 my old gym had the knee bench type.  My new one has a standing plate, so you have consistent resistance against it.  I like this new one much more.  It's considerably less awkward to use.  




 shit.  I hover between 209 lbs and 213 lbs, and I'm still doing weight assisted.  BUT, I'm doing 3 clean sets of 5, so there's that.  I have no shame though ... pullups are hard.  




 heh, if she's *anything* like my wife, you better just do whatever the hell she says if you know what's good for you.  You probably aren't working hard enough either ;)  




 In addition to the VA I'd also look for local resources available just as being citizens.  There may well be mental and physical advocacy groups and centres that could be of help.  




 thank you.  




 That's a pretty young vehicle IMO, but I've never spent a lot on vehicles.  I'd still take the question over to a car sub. 

But then, if your wife wants a van, lets face it ... we all already know you're gonna get a van, like it or not. 
 




