 I've always heard that when a dog turns sideways to another dog/animal, it means he is acknowledging that it is your territory, but it is still asserting itself. Apparently if you turn your back to a dog it shows submissiveness and youre more likely to be attacked. Can anyone confirm? Dog specifically? 




 Oooo you know what that made me think of a great one with dogs! But great input! 




 I read the comments to a cat video the other day and someone mentioned the cats tail between its legs, moving the way it was, means the cats pissed. What are some other good signs to know that animals give? (humans included)  




 Get the fuck out of there 




 I'd just take the seizures thank you 




 Name so relevant  




 that's all i was trying to say. I mean I dont think anyone deserves to be physically assaulted for something so petty. But rewind before the woman assaulted her, put an older, more handicap person in the other vehicle and now who's the asshole?  




 Deserved it by no means, means did not deserve it fyi. I can give two shits about downvotes, but seriously like the other guy said she tried stealing the spot from another handicap person. Shes a dick. If shes not a dick, she obviously shouldnt be driving if she was unaware of what was going on. I mean youre all on her side because shes the victim, but what if the person in the other car was older or more handicap? Then you'd all be bashing her. So whatever spin you'd like to take go for it, I still stand by my argument that she put herself in that situation, did she deserve it? by no means. By no means did she deserve it. Deserve it she did not. She did not deserve it. Theyre ya go, now back to watching your VHS thunderdome tapes. 




 Am I the only one who thinks she kinda was asking for it? I mean she straight up jacked someones spot at walmart. Thats like walking through a whore a house and being shocked when you get your junk grabbed. Deserved it by no means. 




 hmm... you have my attention... What was in the box?? some beanie babies? 




 I like this article. I own quite a few guns, from pistols to shotguns to rifles. But I also believe in some sort of system that should be in place for weapon ownership. I respect weapons, but I'm ex military and at one point I had a concealed carry license. I know the laws on weapons. I've seen the damage they can do firsthand. I am not the typical gun owner though. Like everything, the more educated you are about something, the less you're likely to abuse it ignorantly.  




 He's in the military now.  









 Anal 




 I used to love the guy. Then about a year back I read an article about him blocking some lawsuit from environmentalist groups against the oil industry with some bullshit excuse about jobs and keeping the industry here. Then he went did his little guest appearance on Duck Dynasty. Kinda opened up my eyes, like what the fuck is our Governor doing on Duck Dynasty?
 




 i disagree 




