 Wow..

Amazing how fast it can move when everyone has the correct info, LOL..

Just showed up in the FCC ULS!!

KK6SFZ

Napa, California. 




 I think "Twelfth" might give it a run for the money :-) 




 "reddit" 




 I'll take a couple, just in case I lose one :-D 




 No. I keep looking, but still no love in the FCC ULS database. Thats why i'm a little concerned that the ball might have gotten dropped somewhere.  I know I'm anxious to get on the air, but I'm also aware that sometimes these things just take time, so I don't want to raise too much of a fuss.  Oh well. 




 Actually, I did email the VE last week.. His response to me was "I have no idea whats going on, let me know when it shows up" ? I don't want to talk bad about the guy, I know they're all volunteers and giving up their own time to help promote the amateur radio hobby, but I was hoping for a little more help than that from him.  I'm wondering if I should contact the ARRL VEC via email directly? (vec@arrl) The club I tested at is an ARRL affiliate.  




 Im unsure where to go next, or if I should do anything at all at this point, but I guess I have a weird story.  
I passed Tech, and General with an ARRL affiliated club (Valley of the moon ARC) on Jan 31. About the 4th of Feb, I got the testing leads (long established) license in the mail at *my* house? (K6UUW) So, I dropped that in the mail back to the guy, and haven't heard or seen hide nor hair about my ticket.  I know these things can take time, but we're going on a month now.. *shrug* 









 Heh.. Moding is thankless, inconvenient, and a time sink.  

...Been doing it at another (medium sized) site for 5 or so years now.  
I applied, but dont know if I'd actually want to do it.. (Just a competitive sucker, I guess) :-) 




 Same here. And on the backside, the areas of the US that correspond to the number designation (I picked it up where I tested for my licenses, its printed by the ARRL) 




 Oooh, since we're dreaming out loud, how about a Morse SOS blink pattern select-able for the light :-D 




