 I'm not much of a coffee man, myself. Prefer me a good ol' cuppa tea. PG Tips, preferably. (Comes with being English!)

But when I did have coffee, I had a Mocha. It's like a Hot Chocolate with a bit of a coffee-y taste to it.

Then I had an espresso a few weeks later without anything to eat. I was wired for an hour or two afterwards. 




 You've got a point on the LGBT(Q) getting a bit too long-winded

From what I've gathered being in the LGBT community for about a year, it's a support/awareness group

GSRM does encompass most orientations, even if a "new" one creeped up out of nowhere

Queer does sound a little out of place, to me, anyway. When I think og "Queer" I think of the old term - odd, different.  




 Eh, the menu I saw had those as the ingredients and that was the name. 

I've never even heard of Apple Pucker.. Is that a US thing? 




 White Russian:

Some Vodka,
Some Kahlua,
Some Milk,
Some Cream.

Mix to taste, pour over ice, Abide.


Also, an Applejack, tasty as hell:
Jack Daniels, a shot of Jager and some Apple Juice (Cider in the US) 




 The way I'd put it is "Hey man, you know that money I lent you a while back? Yeah, it's cool. Happy Christmas!" 




 I'm studying with Train2Game - I work full time so learning from home is my only real option, and fuck going to uni with those fees!

I'm an ideas man, mostly story ideas, but give me a few hours and I can come up with a game and gameplay style to suit it. xP 




 Nifty! Love it, especially easy on the setup, too. 




 I'd love to come! Although I'm not very far in my Game Design course, so I feel I'd be mad out of place. Any chance I can just stand and watch? :P 




 Added myself!  




 I used Travel Master for a party of 12 down to Donington.. Return was included in my quote too! 




 We had a sneak preview at B.U.C.K.

From what we saw, it's pretty cool and shows a lot of stuff! Stories from Bronies, and most importantly, how awesomely we party! 

[](/twiright) 




 Its like you just channelled me for a second there. So freaking excited!

I had no idea Meghan studied Mythology in College, that's going to be so interesting..

I can understand their love for world building, it's so much work, but it's fun and you can get your imagination out of your head and onto paper! A good world generally makes for a good story.  




 "Sup man?"
 




 The way I've done it with my Social Networks is nifty (IMO)

I've used Facebook for IRL friends and acquaintences.

Twitter is for Companies and things I want to follow, NASA, etc

G+ was new ground for me. I found new people to follow. Made new friends and new interests spawned out of it. 




 Google+

It's a really smooth experience compared to facebook and twitter.

Facebook is a giant clusterfuck of Apps, games, tickers, chats.. 
Twitter is all #, @ and whatever else. Looks a bit like a Cid (FFVII) rant

G+ has a simple interface and really easy to use, and sharing to certain people is easy too, with circles. 




 Thank you!
As a writer on EverfreeForest.com, I need something like this!

I don't have the time to read through all of EQD's posts for news, and when I come here, I just get distracted by all the awesome images and forget what I was doing!

Subscribed and Shortcutted, thank you! [](/joy) 




 In England, it's the same as usual. Grey, cold and rainy.
There's the added bonus of leaves, which after a week on the ground become very slippery, and the wet weather does not help.

God help the guy who thinks it's awesome to ride his bike through a park. 




 I'd be 260k richer. Shave off 4 inches to become 5'10" 




 I'm going for my 3rd tat in a few weeks, this one is going to be a 4 hour session.

All I can say is, only have the tattoo to mark a period in your life you never want to forget. All 3 of mine (Well, one is going to be incorporated into my new one) have a meaning to it, so I can never regret it. 




 I think it's a universal thing. I like to see where the needles are going, I can't see inside my own mouth unfortunately. A mirrror into my mouth would only make it worse, weirdly enough.

I've had about 4 hours of tattooing already, going for another 4 in a few weeks, but I cant get a jab in the gum from a dentist, I need to go under completely for someone to go in my mouth.

coming from a Brit, what's a Beta Blocker? 




 Me and Dentists.. Nah man.
I'm suffering from some really bad toothache, but I refuse to go back to my dentist.

Last time I went, he took a tooth but missed a bit. Instead of drilling or whatever some more, he just grabbed his tweezer-things, clamped onto it, wriggled it to loosen it, then yank it out.

I was _not_ looking forward to the anaesthetic wear-off, not one bit. 




 Currently, Warehouser. I'm going into Remote Software Training come the 22nd though. :D

 




 Sounds like my Border Collie, absolutely loses his shit when new people appear. 




 Looks like a Border Collie mixed with a.. Ah, I can't remember the name. That facial structure - I can just tell!

He's adorbs, how much of a shithead is he? 




 Your engine needs to be converted for that.

If you put cooking oil, or water into your tank, it'll fuck your engine bigtime. 




 Mine's white. Gets dirty well quick, but I only pay 98 a month on it, so I can't complain! 




 [Toyota Aygo](http://tajdrivingschool.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/Toyota-Aygo-Platinum-111.jpg). :D
Gets roughly 60MPG 




 I can't be anywhere unsecure in the dark. Public parks at night on my own? Nope. This place is miles out of town, I go all the time and I still make a beeline for the exit when the sun starts setting. 




 My car normally get a good 70km out of a "block", so I'll mill about for 40km before filling up, just to be safe. 




 I'm feeling the pressure more these days, I'm on social networks a lot more, and I see brand new games getting a lot of hype and being talked about. 

Sometimes I felt like I could only join in if I got the game and played it!

Unfortunately, my wage doesn't allow me to buy games right off the bat, so by the time I get round to buying and playing, the focus has shifted off that game and onto another. 




 Don't forget Geordie Shore..  




 We both know all of reddit is just two guys.
Me and you. Stop talking to yourself, man! 




 At home? I have an ornamental axe. It's actually quite sharp and I cut my hand on it while mounting it on the wall.

Also, an Airsoft M4. I'd probably just bug them. Go for the eyes! 




 I'm 22, still at home.
I balanced my budget and with what I was earning, I couldn't get out. My parents are happy to keep me anyway. : 




 I was doing my paper round on my bike. Had to make a quick turnaround - missed one of the houses. Slammed on the front brake by mistake.

Front flipped over the handlebars and landed on my back. Paper bag full of Sunday Papers promptly landed on me, followed by my bike. Shit hurt for weeks. 




 Yeah. Ah well, it's only Karma. Felt like sharing my desk anyway.  




 I'm a bit of a mix of both here. I'm a brony, but I despise those who post damn near everything about ponies. 

I keep my ponies to the relevent subs, but my avatars (almost everywhere) are ponies. I try to be very pony quiet - posting ponies only in /r/mylittlepony and the fansite I'm on (for ponies) and I keep discussion relevent everywhere else

The avatars throw people right off though, but I just like the pastel coloured bastards so much. 




 I have a bunch, mostly on the fly, so daft easy to type with Swype, like
"Whee"
"Thing"
"Damn"
"Fuck" 









 He's driving in the overtaking lane.
As a rule, you're meant to stay in the left lane at all times, unless you're overtaking. 

By hogging the right lane, anyone going faster than him can't overtake, and if they undertake, well, shit could go down. 




 Not as busy as you are, though I'm working full time as a Warehouse guy, transitioning into a new role as a Software trainer, I'm doing a CompTIA A+ and Network+ course, as well as a Game Design course.

I'm also attempting to write a novel, but that's on the backburner.

I'm also an Administrator and a Site Writer for a fansite and its forums. 




 Oh.. Damn. Thanks for the update. 




 Adam Grahn, Jon Davis, Brian Johnson, Anders Friden, and despite the flak he gets - Chester Bennington 




 Take a look in /r/paranormal. Bit more of a relevant sub. 




 My rule of thumb is to look at a design, maybe sketch one up yourself, and look at it a lot.
Imagine it on your arm. Do this every few days, after a few months, book an appointment with an artist (The guy I usually go to has a 5-6 month waiting list, depending on session length)

If you're still up for it do it.

It's your body, don't let anyone dictate what to do with it - unless it's a visible part, like your face or something. 




 Met at school. I was awkwardly hanging around, my other buddies being on holiday. He and a group of his friends saw me and thought it'd be nice to keep me company while my old buddies were away. 

Been best mates since, they as a group changed me completely. But my best mate works with me. :D 




 Royal Republic - We are the Royal

In Flames - Clayman, all the way up to Sounds of a Playground Fading

Pendulum - Immersion

Linkin Park - Hybrid Theory, Minutes to Midnight and A Thousand Suns 




 I second this, singing along with music really helps keep me awake. Make sure it's songs you know, though. Concentrating more on the music rather than the road could make it worse.

I drive ~400 mile round trips sometimes for work and singing keeps me up in the last 100 miles ro so 




 I'm getting my 3rd tattoo next month, after I said to myself 4 years ago "Nah, tattoos aren't my thing" and then "I'll just have the one" 









 Instrumental: [Enya - Lothlorien](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=408lJ0svE0Q). Got major chills first time I heard this

I'll have to get back to you for a non-english, my library isn't that extensive yet, and I'm at work. :D 




 You can get it from [American Soda](http://www.americansoda.co.uk) if you ever fancy it, too!

Direct links:
[Strawberry](http://www.americansoda.co.uk/uk/American-Soda/Home/Food/More-American-Groceries/Strawberry-Marshmallow-Fluff---Small-7.5-OZ-%28213g%29.aspx)

[Vanilla](http://www.americansoda.co.uk/uk/American-Soda/Home/Food/More-American-Groceries/Vanilla-Marshmallow-Fluff---Small-7.5OZ-%28213g%29.aspx)

[Raspberry](http://www.americansoda.co.uk/uk/American-Soda/Home/Food/More-American-Groceries/Raspberry-Marshmallow-Fluff---Small-7.5-OZ-%28213g%29.aspx) 




 Sweet Jesus!

Or my personal favourite: "Bollocks!" 




 if my brain is working correctly - which, to be honest, it rarely does..

If they caught up to him in the current time, they might see him get taken away by themselves. Much like when The Doctor and Rose went back to see Rose's dad, then went back again and saw themselves watching Rose's dad. 




 Mass Effect 3 was outstanding, the original ending was a bit deflating, but with the extended cut, I actually cried with the ending I picked.

A game has never done that to me, a fitting end for the 5 years I'd been playing the previous 2. 




 Mine's probably just past my shoulders now, due to mad working hours, I've just been tying it up in a ponytail.

When I get the chance, or when I'm going out places, I give it a quick wet, comb it back and apply some gel/hairspray to make it stay. Doesn't take too long.

Myself, I just tie it up in a plain ponytail, or just let it loose and let it do it's own thing. 




 Fuck.

Get out of my head, good sir. 




 This is where cars live!
Git you one! 




 I still haven't watched the entire Star Wars collection, Alien, Terminator, and most other "must watch" classics.

I always get "What, you've _never_ watched that?!" when asked about any of them. 




 Yeah, it's an odd one. 




 Ponies, Vore and.. uh... more ponies, really. 




 First and Only...  Man, used to play with those guys back in Rochdale.. I wish I could afford to play again, my M4's Hop-up is busted though. 




 Jus' stick me down as Demiromantic. I guess. :D 




 No. We're a species with incredible potential.

Yeah, we're dickheads most of the time, but all you need to do is look for the good, and it totally outweighs the bad stuff.

Plus, what's the fun in ending yourself? 




 Not to picky - but even in a relationship, I'm not really... sexual, if you get me. Sorry if I gave off the wrong impression! I meant Hetero-demiromantic  as in I feel I can only feel right in a romantic-only relationship with the opposite gender.  




 I am stapler man!

... I believe you have my stapler? Give it to me.

**fires staples at passing mugger* 




 "Yeah, yeah. That's cool." 




 I'm a 22/Male/Demi-HeteroRomantic

the best way I can see about doing this is getting AMA volunteers marked via Flair in /r/IAmA for the day or something - though that's down to the mods there..

I'm free most nights (6pm onwards). Weekends almost all day. (I'm in GMT)
I can pull an allnighter if you need a few more answerers :D 




 Alright, now, it's been a while since my last encounter with him, but it happened again last night and it totally freaked me the hell out. I'm not looking forward to locking up tonight, anyway..

It's getting darker these days, though that's pretty much irrelevant here in the Warehouse. There's no windows. When 5:30pm comes rolling around, I'm the last guy in the place. 

Like clockwork, I set my handheld scanner down, grab the keys and begin locking the metal gates around the warehouse and turning the lights off. After a round trip through the office to get to the "front" of the warehouse, so I can grab my coat and keys and go home, I can hear one of the gates rattling.

I work with a prankster - so even though I've encountered this.. thing before, I always assume it's my coworker in another department. I grab the keys and start to unlock. 

"C'mon man, quit fucking about, I was just about to go home!"

No reply. Not like him at all. Normally he'd fall out of his hiding place and roll about laughing. I quickly remove the keys from the lock and start to back up. There it was. Stood by the gate opposite the one I was at. Just standing there, hunched over. Despite my fears and I just *knew* it was that thing again, I said "Sorry mate, can I help you?" regardless. Clients and Visitors do sometimes pass through the warehouse.

His head turned. Slowly at first. Then - **SNAP** - his head had rotated 180 degrees. The last 90 degrees almost instantly. I stumbled backwards, almost forgetting there was a metal gate between me and it. He didn't even move, but he was right at the gate now. It was almost like he teleported right close to the gate.

Its face... I can't even describe it without getting weirded out majorly. It looked almost like a wax figure that was left out in the hot sun a bit too long. But he had these holes for eyes.

It reached its hand through the gate and pointed at me.
"You.." It sounded like a breath .
"You.." It repeated

I bolted. I slammed the final door behind me and locked it, and ran past the rest of the office, much to the bemusement of the guys in that department who were just finishing up.

They never knew what I saw. I hope they don't either. That thing was petrifying.  




 Excellently written.
I'd love a guardian spirit, though my dog will have to do, I guess. :P 




 I'd be up for it :)

It'd be neat-o if we got a wide range of [x]romantics and aromantics, genders and ages too. 




 Got it!
Seems like the domain's gone down. They're back on Blogspot

http://freedomrequireswings.blogspot.co.uk/2012/09/asexual-liberation.html 




 Not all web-savvy when it comes to hosting - I used [Heart Internet](http://www.heartinternet.co.uk/) for a while. 




 Maan, never go to PC world. They will try and sell the most expensive thing they can. It's probably in their training. 




 Thanks! Very informative. We give him antihistamines in his food, which usually does the trick. I'll keep on top of it next year. 




 We've had our Border now for about 10 years, and every year in the Sept/Oct period, he gets very itchy and starts nibbling in the area just above his back leg. He eventually gets bald in the area, so we're always telling him to stop nibbling/scratching. I took a close look today and it looked very odd.

We can be also petting him on the back, and he start twitching one (or both) of his back legs. Seems a very ticklish or sensitive reaction, but he doesn't back off once he's done reacting - if anything, he comes and puts his head in our laps like he liked it

We've been to the vets, and they seem to give him a dose of anti-allergy stuff, because we put that in his food and he stops right away. 
I'm wondering if it is just seasonal allergies in a dog, or something completely different.

[Images of the baldspot, for the curious](http://imgur.com/a/AnEeW) 




 This is true. Ah well, we can only hope, eh? 




 For a minute there, I thought in my absence from the Internet, I missed the news of Maggie's death.
 




 Might be down along with GoDaddy, even the [front page of FRW](http://www.freedomrequireswings.com/) is down.. 




 Yep. Was at Download Fest this year, was on the Fun House and there was a bit of a queue for the slide down, so me and my group were waiting. I was at the back

These drunk girls were behind us, yelling about the wait, and for 10 minutes, my arse was being fondled like a stress ball. Was not happy.

Should add, really: I told 'em 3 or 4 times to cut it out. Eventually I just gave up and resigned to my fate as living stress ball. 




 I decide that driving that forklift truck over there would be pretty funny, and I've no idea how that thing works. I turn it on and go for a spin. I impale a man on the forks, then ram him into a wall. 




 I know it's had huge popularity recently, but Gangnam Style has got to be seen, funny as hell, and the song is annoyingly catchy!

But another one has to be [No One Knows - Queens of the Stone Age](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s88r_q7oufE) 




 I always waste their time when they ring me or text me. "Yeah, I've got a credit card.
Yeah, it's only for 750. What's that, your fees are almost that? Why did you even bother telling me I could claim 2k then? 

Fuck off." 




 Same with Co-op. Hopefully it is just restricted to Mobile/Online.

Not like Co-op's online is any good anyway. It's total arse - maybe they're updating! 




 I've been a part of our Diplomatic Circuit since we emerged onto the Universal Stage - it's been about 10 years now. We're new, but I can already tell there is corruption, especially in the Milky Way, luckily, we have a few politicians who do have morals and are trying their best to counter any bad moves, but some bad ideas do slip the net.

If you ask me, we need more people on the Universal council - Currently, there is only 1 representative from each galaxy on the council, as well as 4 members elected directly onto it, completely neutral - which makes about 20 people on the council altogether. Considering that they're in charge of almost everyone in the universe, I think more people should be allowed to have their say.

Also, there is only 1 Feln in the Universal council - obviously, we would like more.. We are new, though, so people are quite surprised Kur'jin is up there with them.
 




 When we initially set off from our homeworld, we weren't too technically advanced, compared to the rest of the species' advancement - We set off without FTL drives, so before the Canir found us, we we just drifting, in comparison to their speeds. We had pretty fast engines, though. We could cross our System within a few weeks. 

Though our World-ship was a different story, it took us the best part of a year to get out of our system with it!

The universe is.. how would Humans say it.. Ah, Free-market. We have FTL drives, Galaxy Gates, Intergalaxy expressways. Basically, you can almost get from one side of the explored universe to the other within a decade or two! 

As for personal tech, we're very much an Augmented universal society. You can get Augs for almost anything these days, mostly due to Innovation in the Milky Way Galaxy.. They have questionable methods, though. Loopholes and all that. They're very crafty over there.

As for humans and their previously war-like ways, they appear to have settled some since making first contact. Mostly due to their home planet being made almost uninhabitable a few years after starting to colonise nearby systems. As the saying goes. "You learn from your mistakes - only a fool makes it twice". They imposed sanctions on themselves - which stunned the rest of us, really. Well, I say us, we weren't exactly off our planet yet. 

War isn't an issue, yet. For the Feln, at least - I try my best to keep our tails out of the fire, but that hasn't been too much of a problem, really. It's been pretty peaceful up here, aside from the slavers out on the "eastern" side of the Andromeda, and the cowboy implanters out in the Milky Way. Oh yeah, and the Mercs which you can't seem to dodge are always kicking up some kind of fuss. We stay out of their way, though - They just fight each other.

By no means is it an utopia, though. Only places such as here, in the High-Sec stations and the Canir capital city. 




 Yes, one thing the Humans, Canir and the Feln had in common were the fact that in our early documented history, we were all highly religious and wars were foughts not only over land and resources, but wars were also fought in.. well, the Humans called them the Crusades, the Feln and Canir have similar words - We called them the Deims, although the Humans went much further in their Crusades.

There are many other similar things, we had multiple dialects - but while the Humans have maintained their multiple languages, the Feln almost unified their languages before we achieved space flight - the Canir keep two separate languages too. 




 Well said! I run around the park with my Border Collie, and he's usually happy to trot up to any other dog and sniff butts, but any little dog will see him coming and I have to stop and leash mine, because one of the little terrors is barking like a maniac.

It breaks mine and his running flow. :( 




 We originate from the "Northern" section of the Milky Way Galaxy, a small system named after our star - Junl - There were just 4 planets in our system.

Each galaxy has their own set of laws, so to speak, though many overlap - it was much like the Human's.. continents, I think they were called.. Each Galaxy has their own ruling council, which all answer to the Universal council.  Only upon breaking a Galaxy's law, will you be pursued. The Milky Way council has a pretty harsh time with Aug Docs, and they're forever finding and closing loopholes.

Our relationship with the Humans is pretty stable, I try to keep the peace between us, but we were - and still are - quite a.. religious bunch, with the Human's religions, many wars were fought in the name of religion - but ours is very much a peaceful one. We merely worship our ancestral animals, which we believe we descended from - Evolution, if you will.

The humans - or most, at least - are quite wary of religion. A brief study on their history would explain why. We ask our people not to worship in public, as this may lead to raised tensions. Though 2 times a week, I'll get an angry comm from the Human ambassador - not like I can do anything about it anyway. 




 We, the Feln, first encountered the Humans - officially, at least - on the main council fleet. There was no tension between us, at least. Humans were pretty new to the Universal Society too, they must have been there about 60 or 70 years before us.

As for diplomatic situations, the Canir allowed us to us their Research posts on one of their colonies, and access to the shipyard so we could make our own scouting fleet. We needed a homeworld before we could establish ourselves in the universe - we would not be allowed a place among the Universal Council otherwise.

As for the Canir, we view them as saviours, though we were very much self sufficient on our World-ship. The Canir found our World-ship adrift between systems. they discovered our communication methods, gave signs of peace, and boarded the ship. Everyone on ship was on edge, including myself, who were these... Aliens who had found us, what were they doing?  

They took us to the Council Fleets, where our high-ranked officials met council leaders and diplomats. I was picked for Diplomatic duty, and I mostly talk with the Canir and the Humans, hence my history studies.  




 Feel Free to add me! I feel I need some encouragement on using the site,

I'm train_subject8542 on there too. 




 Aye, the camera is pretty awesome. Once I ditch this thing, I'll be keeping it as a camera.

I'm not sure what Helicoptering is in this context, but I'm going to assume it's bad.  




 I'm also a history buff, and have quite the stack of Feln, Canir and Human history books littered all over my desk. 

I haven't quite gotten to the rest of the universe, but I'm getting there!

[D'oh! Forgot the Fiction tag, apologies!] 




 /r/getmotivated gets me off my chair if I'm feeling lazy before my runs. 




 The Google Nexus 7 is pretty good value for money.  159.99 and 199.99 versions are out here in the UK, and they run pretty well, supposedly. I've not got one, but I'd love one! 




 I've got an N8. The software feels like it's being dragged through cement, but the amout of times I've dropped it on concrete is silly, and all I've got is a few scratches.

I also launched it across the room after it refused to answer a call 3 times in a row. (I was having a shitty day) 




 I live somewhat near them, so I use [Micro Direct](http://www.microdirect.co.uk) for stuff. 

The few times I've had faulty stuff, I've just driven in and said "It no work!" And they give me a new one on the spot 




 That's all I got for ages in my inbox. I like them. So what? 




 Yeah, but they're not metal. More Hard Rock if anything. 




 I was in /r/metal, and the question "as it's July 4th, what are your favourite american metal bands?" 

Now, I'm not American, but I jumped in, and answered "Killswitch Engage and Disturbed"
I understand I was wrong about Disturbed, but Jesus Christ I got absolutely hammered in the comments/downvotes 




 Graveyards. If I'm totally unaware we're going into one, I'll freeze on the spot.

Made my Nan's funeral pretty tense, as well as sad for me. 




 I've seen them about for a while, heck they were about when I was at school (I left Secondary in '06), but I never actually saw anyone with it assembled.

Anyone who wears this in a town or city centre needs a kicking, It'd be good for when it's pissing down when you're out hiking..

Who am I kidding, if I was out hiking and saw someone wearing one of them, I'd flip and run the opposite direction. 




 Stealing cake.
Just wait until they're at some kind of party, and they have a slice of cake.

BAM

Stolen. 




 We think they are, as almost immediately after building the final expressways, they backed off immediately. There is an unfinished Galaxy Gate over on the Andromeda. They left an "always on" signal warning people not to use it. It's completely dead, though, so why they warned us not to use it seemed a bit redundant.

Yeah, the ships are built with the gateways in mind, though these gates are huge, they're at least a few kilometers tall - The Feln made quite a surprise entrance after the Canir found them. Their ship was huge!

Scientists and Engineers have mapped out the expressways, and the Galaxy Gates, and are in attempts to reverse engineer their schematics, but its proving quite difficult. 

As for holding them ransom, that would be quite silly, really. The express gates are one of a kind in each solar system. Without them, there's no way in, or out, apart from conventional FTL drives, the pirates know without it, they're going to waste a lot of money should no-one pay the ransom and they destroy the gate.

As for camping - well, the Admirals of each galaxy have huge warships capable of mass destruction, Pirates don't really stand much of a chance against them. It's been done a few times before, and never again since.

((sorry that took so long, working on two projects at once, I know. Derp. Got so absorbed in one, I forgot to reply here)) 




 I'm a manual labourer, might soon be entering a software training role, but I aspire to be a Game Designer, and possibly write a novel.

My current worldbuilding project is probably going to be the subject of my first novel, if I ever get around to it. 









 A currently existing race built the gates, but they went reclusive after building them, no schematics exist, and they refuse to speak to diplomats sent out to speak to them.

They're very large structures in space, very rectangular in shape, you can see a lot of the machinery and workings underneath most of them. I think they left the "covers" off to dissipate the heat that is generated when gate travel is made. Due to that, they look very strange, Wireframe-y, with a giant hole in the centre, which any ship can fit through.

FTL is possible without the gates, though it uses quite a bit of fuel when you go over anything than 3x. Most use the inter-galaxy "Expressways" when making a trip way across the same Galaxy. These use similar technology, but, unlike the Galaxy Gates, they're not instantaneous, They can accelerate your ship to 500x the speed of light, which makes a trip from one end of the Galaxy to the other about 180 years (Still a bit long, but for the rest of the Galaxy's species, that's about two thirds of a lifetime.) (That would be impractical anyway, the "top" and "bottom", as well as either "Side" of all currently accessible Galaxies have the main gates)

As for conventional ungated FTL, a ship fitted with FTL engines reaches such speeds through particle manipulation, mostly. Thrusters kick in, helping the FTL Core charge the ship with the energy provided to  manipulate the ship and the area around it. With the charge building up, approaching planets or other large structures, it becomes a bit dangerous. Most ships will drop charge on outer planets, or, there being none available, a "Charge Drop" is constructed, where ships can pass and lose their built up charge. This is required after every FTL trip, or else the Particle Manipulation charge can hit a populated area. It is a combination of electricity and radioactive charge. Very deadly. 




 It's tough. I'm English and she was Belgian. I was only 17 at the time, so It was hard to scrape the money to go see her.. Only went the once before the distance and the lack of IRL contact drifted us, really.

It's all about seeing each other somewhat regularly, otherwise it's all for naught. 




 Spreading the musical misery, wherever I go! 




