




 Saved this for wall paper,thanks! 




 I agree with you on your comment on entry level chef knives, but would like to point out that this kid says he knows nothing about knives. A Victrorinox is good in this case,if I had a Tojiro or a Masakage back in the 70's my nickname would be Stubby and my knives would be rusted.I would advise a beginner to start mid-range and work up from there if they feel comfortable. 




 http://www.knifeworks.com/ka-barusarmy115thanniversaryknifewleathersheath.aspx 




 I have a mini-vulcan and a topo meridian and love them both. You have to pick and choose now days as most companies have begun putting out some shit knives along side of their good ones and it is not always easy to tell which is which. 




 I noticed that every time the gov. starts trying to sell us a war, the local country radio station starts cranking out the hyper patriotic,flag waving,911, hero soldier,kick the enemies ass songs. 




 The 877-cash now song,I always sing to it. 




 High end SOG knives like the tom cat or the vulcan come with vg-10 blades and are very well built but a bit pricey.Only have one from CRKT, a fulcrum,that I bought as more of a novelty than a carry. 




 Nice! 




 Time to cash in the 401k! 




 More sheeps foot than warncliffe,"Lil' big foot". 




 Designer label clothing 




 That is a very nice classic knife in good condition,You might get $40 or so for it on e-bay. A better plan would be to  store it well,keep it nice,and while you're cleaning it take the time to apreciate some fine old time craftmanship. 




 Better than calling you uncle George or Grandpa! 




 Love this. 




 Ha! This cracked me up. As my wife gets older her voice, body language and manerisems become more like her mom. 




 What brand? 




 Nice,I have one of these and use it a lot in the yard and such. 









 really like the stag handle one. what is it? 




 People always are worried on how to sharpen a recurve,just strop it on your leg before it gets too dull. 




 Pricey but very well made, http://www.knifeworks.com/sogminivulcansanmaizytelhandletantobladeplainedge.aspx 




 From waaaaaay back in the day,Moose Sholack. 




 "Dying ain't no way to make a livin boy" Josie Wales. 




 Shoes.
 




 Voter ID laws are designed to prevent certain demographics from voting. The only election frauds that have been exposed in the US are all the product of the incumbant partys. 




 Churchill 




 Peepers isn't saying anything,but he is thinking "Keep this shit up and I'm gonna shit in your head-phones,DOUCHEBAG!" 




 This is why you need to stay in school,kids. 




 Not that there's anything wrong with that! 




 Half of the younger guys I know shave their heads,it has caught on. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5tVbVu9Mkg It's just so wrong on so many levels,cracks me up every time. NSFW 




 Peggle works for me. 




 clark cutlery XLT made from 1899/1926. 




 I want one of these! 









 I don't think you will be disapointed 




 While I agree with with Weebus that you can get sharper and better performing knives for the same or a little less money than Shuns,I wouldn't say they are vastly over-priced.It depends on what you want.Shuns are marketed toward the home user and you are paying for the look and fit and finish as well as the blade,I have a set of 6 so far and they,re all flawless and better than most crap out there. I also have a Masakage blue steel2 gyuto that puts them to shame edge-wise,same price as my biggest Shun much better blade but not as pretty and needs more care.Want a fast car that will impress people? buy an Aston-Marton.Want to go faster than every one? Buy an old model A with a 454 big block.Want to slice frozen Turkey? look here http://www.husqvarna.com/us/forest/products/xp-saws/346-xp-e-tech-triobrake/ 




 My fuckin fire-truck bitch! 









 Thanks for the interest it was my brothers, who passed 20 years ago.Don't know how long he had it. I'll never sell it. 




 Stop cutting when you get to your finger(Chef advice). 




 Economic bigotry, "I'm wealthy so it's OK to stomp on the less fortunate".
 




 Developed a large nasty abscess on my taint(area between balls and ass),went to ER and was told it had to be sliced open and drained.I am
laying on my side with my ass stuck out and one knee up listening to the doctor warning me that this is going to hurt  when the door opens and another doctor asks if I would mind  a young pretty female med student observing the procedure,ever the polite one,I agree.The next 5 minutes were the most painfull and embarrassing of my life. 









 16 years old and not a single dis,dat, sup or nigga,amazing! 




 No lack of quality on this knife,it is very tight and well built. 









 Those are very nice,I'm sure they are collectible.Dollar value depends on many variables.Look on the main blades to see which company made them and google that for a start.Having the sheaths is a big plus. 




 Don't know, I got these from a flea market awhile back just to save them. I actually worked on the Cattaraugus a bit with some sand-paper but that is as far as I got. I shake my head and tear up when I look at the Puma. 




 They are  good knives and come sharp out of the box,just be aware that these are carbon steel and need a little exta care. 




 Top one is my Guy Fieri cheapo beater that I use at work,I like the design of this one. Bottom one is a Dojo brand gyuto wich is a very nice entry level Japanese style knife. 




 Two old classics ruined,such a shame. 














 It came with the knife,nice quality. 




 Very nice,440C and sharp 




 Sorry 




 What the fuck has carpet got to do with a nice knife? 




 I could be wrong but I think they were bought out by Bench Made 




 This is a well done hand made knife,blade is the russian version of 440C.
Came shaving sharp when I got it. However the link I sent you is not where I got this from and I notice that the sheath is a bit different than mine. No problems on mine at all. 




 Sadly, I don't know if these are still available new. I think Lone Wolf is part of Bench made now. 




 http://kizlyarus.com/index.php?main_page=product_info cPath=83_5 products_id=33  Thanks for the interest! 














 You can see this on Netflix by comparing the run times of old shows vs new ones. 




 Guy in a scuba suit passed out in a small creek. 




 A giraffe being born and no, the mother does not lie down, the poor little guy just falls out from 10' up. 




 I wish this would be redone for a modern console. 




 That's alot of BOOOM! 




 R.I.P. He was the only actor I have ever seen who could do slapstick as well as Dick VanDyke. Three's Company still cracks me up after all this time. 




 Introduced me to my ex wife. 




 SHHHH! they mght hear you! 




 How about gay wrestling or the gay toss at an Aussie bar? 




 Thank you for adressing my question. I was not looking for a "polished vs rough edge" debate when I made this post,just wondering if anyone has tried a different grit on each side of the edge to improve a cheap knife that will not cut or hold an edge as well as a nice knife.I have some very nice polished knives and they would fit my needs,but I will not use them at my "battle station" nor will I take the time to treat my beater as a high end blade.Once again,thank you for your input. 




 No comments on the way Masakage knives are sharpened yet,just some guy bragging. Anyone? 




 Why would you bother to comment if you did not read my question? 




 Yes it can,but a polished edge meant for chopping will not slice a ripe tomatoe as well as a rougher edge. I use my high end stuff early in the AM for prep, then when we open I throw my beater on the board and have at it. It is a cheap knife and I am looking for the best of both worids.I have made my living with knives for the past 30+ years.Am I doing something wrong? I don't think so 




 Beater means that this thing lays on my sandwich bar all day and gets shoved around and sometimes dropped. Must slice tomatoes,chop mushrooms onions   peppers,cut sandwiches ect...ect. 




 My beater knife must chop and slice equally well, plus take a major beating every day.I recently read a good article on the "toothey" vs polished debate and the author half  jokingly said  "A little toothey at the back ,and polish the rest".I thought Hmmmm?. Then I read that the guy who sharpens Masakage and other high end knives uses a different grit on each side of the blade. Has anyone tried this? any thoughts? Knife in question is a cheap German stainless blade,but a step up from the stuff from sysco ect. 




 What the fuck is a libertarian? Do you mean organized crime? 




 I agree with that 100%. It's not the working class that's breaking us, it's the greedy corps. 




 Here in the USA the gov handed out over a trillion dollars to folding banks, who split up the money and had a big party on me and other TAX payers. Then they whine about paying back the money they owe to the people. 




 Genetically inclined? Birds and certain mammals are genetically inclined to learn to use tools to feed themselves,I place them above you sir,unless your post was a joke, in which case I aplaude your sarcasm. 




 Well said. 




 If you earn a paycheck you are taxed for unemployment, how is this welfare? 




 Ha Ha!, You got the joke! 




 Glad to be of help,Google carbon steel knife care and the rest of your questions will be answered. 




 It was a joke 




 It was a joke dude! 




 $5? You are a heartless bastard. 




 There IS a soup kitchen for the rich,it's called Washington DC. 




 Old carbon steel butcher knife. 




 Stupidity of youth. 




 Home made,my wife got it from her great grandma many years ago. 




 Thanks for the interest everyone,I got it here.   http://www.chefknivestogo.com/masakagemizu.html   




 This is not a cheap knife,I got it here.   http://www.chefknivestogo.com/masakagemizu.html   




 Hand forged Masakage gyuto, these are in the same price range as Shun Classics. 




 I have an Edge Pro with Shapton stones. 









 Very nice! 




 Don't fuck with the cook. 




 As someone who has made a nice living on tips for the past 15 years: Tips are not mandatory,they are earned with good service and attitude. 




 For my friends at Oneys' 




 My first love! 




  I work in a small diner where cooks and servers both get minimum and split tips 50/50,best money I ever made. 




 HA HA,made me laugh! up-vote! 




 Your suffering will be legendary even in hell! 




 and turn into the next drive way. 




