 Ah, well that's alright then! We shall continue our grand-shower-puddle-dropping with eased minds :) 









 Why is that hard to believe? My SO has a large bosom, and we're children at heart. 




 Yeah we're not that fussy to be fair! 




 I do a version of that- when my SO and I are showering I press myself up against her and we wrap our arms around each other so that the water catches in a huge cup between/around her boobs between us, then let it fall with a HUGE splash... 




 I do this too- my ex didn't used to either, and I asked the exact same question. How do you know when you're clean!? 




 Sink low in the bath water, so that my mouth is just under the water line (nose above because breathing), and blow out bubbles.

Occasionally I'll say "Krabby, use bubble!" first... 




 When I'm hiding (like behind a door or in the wardrobe to scare my SO) I get a violent fully-body shiver that runs all the way down my spine. It feels a little pleasurable, buts it ALWAYS happens. 




 I had this conversation with a female coworker last week, I know how self conscious women can get, but honestly, unless it's like male-length, us guys can't tell if you've shaved or not (without touching or close-up examination). 




 What do you count as circumstance that you "have" to? (Out of interest) 




 Fart under the covers and keep them sealed so it warms you up

And/or

Wafting the covers to spread that unique fart smell. 




 Misread instructions, googling best way to clean shit out of shower 




 So I see all these posts of stuff from Japan, and obviously they have a couple of Pokemon Centers but, is there Pokemon merchandise in just like, all the stores?

Also, where is this Pokemon Cafe!? (Cause I wanna go) 




 Aw I got excited because I thought you meant the awesome piece Lugia's Song from Pokemon The Movie 2000...man I loved that track. 




 When you've been using your iPhone (or similar) for a long period of time, does your little finger/lower fingers go numb? 




 I'll shamefully admit to buying a full-shiny-pokedex Emerald way back in the day. Don't even know what happened to it, but it was interesting, for a while... 




 And the temptation is already building. The weekend was easier, as my girlfriend was with me, so I was distracted and couldn't even if I wanted to...but it's tempting.

Does it get easier? What techniques can I use to forget about the urge? 




 Thanks all! Is there any way to combat the decay without visiting a dentist? I'm not against it really, but I'm travelling currently, so a dentist visit would probably be quite expensive. 




 I've been lax lately, and whilst I have brushed every few days, I've noticed some dark/black bits in my teeth (cavities?) and one tooth has a sharp edge where this black bit has potentially broken it, so I want to crack down and get serious.

Recommendations for paste, brush and foods to avoid? 




 I'm new to this, have written a few extremely short things for my SO, but never intended for a general viewing...any tips? 




 I think he's not right for you- if he's essentially blackmailing you with this it's unacceptable. Imagine what he'd be like later in the relationship if this type f behaviour carries on!

I'm glad you're not ashamed of being on a dating website- there's nothing wrong with it- but I'd recommend owning up to your family and ditching him.

Sorry that you've seem to have found a bad apple there. 




 What sub-reddit made YOU laugh/cringe/surprised/shocked/disgusted when you discovered its existence?


NSFW because I know what you guys are like... 




 You keep your chin up, my friend.

You like what you like, and that's okay. It's different, but that doesn't mean it's wrong or right. It's just different. 




 Aside from reading lots of books, I've self taught myself how to write.

My solution? Write it and write it again, until it doesn't read like crap! It's sounds stupid, but reading it out loud to someone (I read to my GF) really helps you spot the errors in everything.

Best thing to do is get it onto the page- write it without editing or rereading it until you're done. It's easier to edit a crap novel into a good one than just write a good novel instantly. Only the super-pros have that kind of super power. 




 I've got two short stories published, both are charity works so no money, and a third coming out this year at some point (date TBC). Don't know about how much I get paid for the coming one, it's been a while since I signed the contract!! 




 Edited to reflect. 




 For those of you who miss the obvious, complete a pokedex made entirely of shiny Pokemon.

Edit: Without hacks 




 What age did you first orgasm? How/what was the circumstance? (Like to porn, just mucking around, etc) 




 My first time was on my Dad's boss' computer- we lived next door to the office he worked in at the time (it was a house converted to an office), and I used to go up there to mess about on the games (it was the only windows pc in the office).

No idea what made me do it, but I decided to use the Internet to look for digimon stuff (I was like 12). Cue nervously sitting there whilst the dial up modem screamed out its tones. Dad didn't hear or didn't care, so I continued, and after a while I accidentally bookmarked a page.

So I go to bookmarks, and find an odd-looking link. Curious teen I am, I clicked it, turns out my Dad's boss was gay, and it was a gay porn site's front page. I figured if there was guys there must be girls, and so did a search...I don't know if there were free sites around in those days, but I looked at the front page teaser pictures LOADS.

Can't remember exactly how long I continually snuck up there after office hours, but I do remember being asked by Dad to accompany him into his boss' office one day- that's right, dial up modem = print-out of websites visited on the bill. I wasn't exactly told off, just told not to use someone else's property (especially one that costs) without permission.

TL;DR, my first was on my Dad's boss' pc. 









 Final Fantasy VIII - loved the score all throughout it, and how it changed in the game.

That said, whilst it wasn't exactly groundbreaking, the Pokemon music will always live on in my heart as one of the most iconic. The original Pokemon Centre music, or the Route 1 walking music. 




 If you didn't want to retrade a semi-fix would be to breed them so you get a version of said pokemon "originally" from your current game. 




 Can you explain the dexnav guilt thing further? Having not played I've no idea what the dexnav is, nor why you'd feel guilty! 




 This was my first thought when I saw his mega. Still not a general mega fan. 




 It looks like it says Peckachu...I giggled 




 I've not played it myself, but I read on another thread someone didn't like the fact that in ORAS you're just given latios instead of having to hunt it down.

Out of interest, what other negatives have you found? 




 I feel we need to see a version of the sexy dress/undress to properly appreciate this.

Seriously though, good for you for feeling sexy and doing something daring. The world (and I'm sure your neighbours day) is brighter for it. 




 I'm game to try anything, so will happily look at any anthology. I've got two shorts published already with a third out this year, looking to submit to more! 









 Totally!

A lot of people linearly categorise male sexual feelings with the penis but, whilst I do love it being attended to, it's not the only part of my body!

Massage, stroking, tickling, licking, kissing, nibbling pretty much anywhere on my body is great- it's the attention that turns me on most. 




 To answer the question, i'd say talk to him about it. Or get your brother to, it'd be less squeamish for him if it was mano el mano.

But yeah, don't do it as a confrontation (because, as you stated, everyone has a curious streak, especially at that age), just stress the cleanliness/hygiene side of things, and if you want to/feel comfortable doing so, drop in the line about being willing to buy him something of his own.

Make it casual, above all else, as I can think of nothing that would be worse (for him or you) than you coming down like a tonne of bricks on him about it.

Source: Gleefully curious youth 









