 Either that or the admins are stepping in... 




 I agree that would be great but I feel police today have a vested interested in keeping their current focus. I don't know if changing their focus would be possible without a lot of resistance from current police departments. 




 But changing what we call officers would have no effect at all on their actions and priorities. 




 I'm guessing this was somewhere in Williamson county? 




 Or add some salt 




 Yeah I guess I didn't make it clear but I actually have watched all of season 2-7 and for the most part it was fucking great. Just finished "All good things..." like 2 days ago which was a fairly fitting end for the TV show. 




 Out of curiosity I started watching TNG at the end of season 1 right before Riker got his beard because I caught a couple episodes on BBC: America before deciding to watch the whole thing and just wanted to continue from where I'd been watching. How good is the first season? After finishing season 7 it's going to be hard to go back to the beginning and I always have qualms about the first season of shows I think because of the Simpsons season 1. 




 One of the reasons for this has been the fact that we have over the years seen an excess of young players from continents like Africa or South America, who have been sent over or brought over by clubs to take trials that haven't worked out for them. And the players just don't have the money to be able to go back to their countries.

From [this article](http://www.npr.org/2014/04/06/299708689/after-scandal-barcelona-football-club-banned-from-trades) I found when I was trying to figure out what was going on 




 "The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist."

Fuck I love Kevin Spacey too much not to include a House of Cards quote too. 

Ive always loathed the necessity of sleep. Like death, it puts even the most powerful men on their backs. 




 I would think that the less serious cases of ebola are also less likely to get hospitalized or  to report it, making the morality rate skewed higher than it actually is. Just a guess though. 




 I feel in a post-technological collapse world, unless it was caused by something which would damage electronics, microprocessors and the like would become somewhat of a mine-able or forage-able resource for a time. There would people left to with enough knowledge to build new computers from scavenged parts or maintain old computers which still function. Granted this would might only happen once basic needs such as food and survival are taken care of, but perhaps not. Computers may be a big enough boon to planning how to rebuild infrastructure, beginning from the basics of providing water and food to an area of people, that they would remain useful as long as the power needed for them could be provided, 




 Do you hear your own voice super imposed over what you are actually hearing? No the two are distinctly separate for me. I imagine it would be the same visually. I can imagine an image without it impeding my ability to see why would this be any different? 




 I'm scared hold me 




 I don't know personally I've had especially coherent insightful thoughts while tripping. One of the many things I realized from the many times I have tripped is that words are constraining. 

There weren't words for many of the sensations I felt, there was no way to describe my altered perceptions to anyone else who had never experienced it. It made me realize how truly confined  I am to my own body and words which were created, if you will, by someone who is not me. 

Stephen Colbert once said, in an interview out of character, that every person had two names. One that describes him as other people perceive him, and one totally ineffable to anyone but himself that describes who he truly is. I think that principle also applies to a persons thoughts and feelings and it takes an especially eloquent person to transcend these barriers. It made me wonder if I will ever be able to know anyone else as they truly are. 




 Just to let you know next time you need to press enter twice when you want to start new line, not once. 

Or you can put 4 spaces in front of something to make reddit display it as code Like this: 

    Syntax error
    ?
    Syntax error
    h
    Syntax error
    /h
    Syntax error 




 You are truly a great person and I wish him all the best. This has made something I or anyone I know have never experienced much more real to me.  As a recently graduated Biomedical Engineer I really hope I can contribute to improving cancer treatments at some point in my career because cancer is fucking fucked. I can't even find the words to describe my feelings towards it.  




 Haha how embarrassing 




 Haha oops I didn't watch it because I had already seen it. Thought they were different interviews 




 She said in an other interview that she tried teamspeak/vent/whatever and people recognized her voice...

Edit: I'm a dumbass and didn't watch this video before commenting because I had seen  itbefore.  




 Maybe it's just me but some unnecessary euphemisms, especially that try to downplay a particularly serious situation don't sit right with me. For example that some employees will be "more impacted" due to "company restructuring", instead of just calling it what it is, necessary company layoffs because the company has been under performing. 

This situation already sucks, no one ever wants to have to get rid of employees or be laid-off themselves but when this does happen, everyone knows what's going on. These euphemisms don't help the situation at all, you can do something like this in a respectful manner without treating adults like children who can't handle the reality of what's happening..  




 After 2 drinks a lot, if not most, men at least will have a BAC below .08. 




 What is up with this ref. The majority of the calls he has made have been wrong and have also had a game changing effect. 




 I figure incineration is pretty good at getting rid of pathogens too so I was just wondering what the point of doing both is. It seems a little redundant. Maybe it's autoclaved prior to transportation to an incinerator or something? 




 Out of curiosity what is the point of autoclaving it before incineration? Just to ensure that no pathogens are spread prior to destroying it? 




 That's really interesting, it'd be awesome if it was actually him. I wouldn't be surprised.  




 No but I also don't believe *every single* post that mentions a company in any way is definitely posted by that company as a means of cheap advertising. I'm sure it happens but I don't jump to that conclusion without evidence. Throw in the fact that OP's account is over a year old, has a decent amount of karma and does not mention this company any other time and I feel that it is a reasonable doubt. 




 Did you ask him about the details? Why did he do it? Where did he end up landing after parachuting out of the plane? How did he get from there to a town and eventually to Mexico? What did he do with all the money, why did very little of it enter circulation etc.? 




 That's really interesting. Was his story convincing enough that you actually believe it?  




 Story? 




 It will definitely be a good game. I'm hoping di Maria will be able to play, Argentina looked a little lackluster today without him. 




 I wouldn't be surprised if Neuer saves all 5 if it comes down to penalties but I would be surprised if it even comes to penalties. That's not Germany's style 




 I agree. It was the polar opposite of last game 




 Yep, penalties are kind of lame... 




 The ESPN stream can't take the pressure. Gah stop buffering! 




 I guarantee he's studied the shit out of Argentinian players and how they take penalties. I bet keeping him in was planned and he's gotten helped preparing by Krul too 




 I agree but a game like this game could easily go on for a very long time. I don't know if that's the right thing to do either. 




 Childrens hospital was filmed at the hospital afterwards but since that show changed locations in the last couple seasons it makes sense that the hospital is gone n ow 




 Yeah I agree getting hit with a shot is much much worse, goalies are a crazy, tough breed. 




 Yeah you're right, I guess it was just during practices now that I think about it. It was 6 years ago so everything is kind of blurred together at this point. It did make practicing in the 100 degree Texas heat a bit more bearable. 




 As a former college attack, it also kind of sucks to get beat on by 6' poles. 




 Definitely did they same thing playing attack except I didn't wear elbow pads at all. Getting beaten on with 6' titanium poles is a bit less intense than what goalies had to go through though. 




 They definitely do, he must have been just fucking around and not in an actual game or something. 




 Yep my highschool in Texas had enough people for 3 separate teams, JV, D2 varsity and varsity. Really fun sport I miss it a lot, especially playing attack and not have to run constantly all game. 

I don't really miss getting beaten on with 6' titanium sticks all the time though. I never wore elbow pads either and took the actual shoulder pads off my shoulder pads so they was just chest pads too. Probably wasn't the smartest thing to do. 




 I'm reading Shogun right now, actually left the last 20 pages for this evening. I've been wondering how historically accurate it is...Are you saying it's not very accurate? If you've read it

Edit: in the book the samurai, especially the lower tier ones, seem to take bushido pretty seriously but have no qualms about disregarding it when it is useful to them.  




  they weren't bound by some code of honor or anything like that

Uhh isn't that exactly what bushido is? 




 Except that's not how it works. As far as I know, the reddit fuzzing algorithm basically took the actual number of upvotes and varied it by a certain percentage. This percentage increased with the total number of votes. They then took varied the number of downvotes in the same manner so the comment's total karma was relatively close the to the actual comment score. 




 Go for it man. Maybe if you look back on these post in 5 years when you're 18 you'll realize how much of a douchebag you are but have fun until then. 




 Next time be cordial when trying to make your point. It may have been valid but berating people like that is going to nothing but make you look like a huge fucking douchebag 




 You're a braver man(woman?) than I. I didn't dare to venture into the putrid cesspool that is surely his comment history. The strange thing is he is not a negative karma troll just a angry man. I would imagine he is very socially inept if he figured that would be an effective way to make his point. 




 I didn't believe it either but a doing a quick google produced   [this](http://articles.latimes.com/2014/jan/27/world/la-fg-north-korea-meth-20140127). 




 I know right! All I did is say what everyone else is thinking, I don't think I deserve gold for it, but hey I'll take it! 




 Hey, asshole

OP is doing some genuine good in the world. Maybe the charity he chose to donate to isn't the best possible choice but that is no reason to insult him. 

Your further promotion of this radical organization will not be tolerated.

Tolerated by who? You think arrogantly think you're speaking on behalf of all of reddit. You think OP is actively promoting this organization out of malevolence and not because he is trying to help?  Fuck off 




 Germany didn't play their best but I feel Germany was by no means lethargic 




 Let's hope Mueller is ok! 




 What a great game! 




 No it's in our interest to Germany to win i believe. 




 Give that corner to Klose! 




 For once Klose off key and off target =( 




 One of the best matches so far! Since so many good games in this WC! 




 No they can't! 




 Neuer... best goalkeept in the world! 




 Oezil! Too good of a passer 




 I'm just glad it wasn't against the US 




 Me too! Germany has always been my favorite team because the US normally isn't very good. I'm so conflicted! 




 Schweinstieger scores in the 87' to win it for Germany. 




 Ahh so out of character for Lahm why that back heal? 




 If you mean a devastatingly effiecent, wurst eating, beer drinking badass then I agree 




 You guys are good! Definitely a world class team, 




 I've got a raging efficient German boner too! 




 This world cup is fucking awesome. 




 If Ghana wins 3 teams have 3 points. It means we have to beat Portugal to have a advance. Otherwise if Germany wins we are in I believe 




 By scoring a goal! That's how 




 That frontflip! 




 Klose! 




 It seems like they have potential to go far in this tournament 




 Get your shit together Germany. Deutschland ueber alles(ausser USA) 




 Most upsets in the world cup group stage ever? I'm not losing hope, Deutschland ueber alles(ausser USA)! 




 I know right. Wtf! 




 Hope he's in good enough form! 




 Warum spielt Schweinsteigter heute nicht? Ist er zu alt geworden? Bitte antworte mir auf English mein Deutsch ist Scheisse ich habe Deutsch nut seit zwei jahren studiert(If you can't tell already lol) 




 I swear that just looks like a blink not a wink. Am I seeing things?

Edit: One more question for an ignorant American, why is Schweinsteiger not in? Is he out of form? He's my favorite player 




 Yeah and my retarded post was definitely 100% serious  




 As much as I hate this reddit cliche very relevant username. Mr. Broken leg's is too, the seven at the end obiously refers to his age 




 Unfortunately that makes a lot of sense. Thanks, hope I helped you feel a bit more productive today. Good luck on the BAR! A shot in the dark but I'm guessing from your username you're at VT law or did undergrad there? 




 I'm not sure if you would know this but would her sentence in the US would have been much harsher? Let's say she was charged with battery, reckless endangerment, hit and run and hopefully a couple other charges the prosecution could have added on(criminal negligence?) 




 I found some stuff I've already posted multiple times but /u/TheMSensation is the better internet detective as you can see above 




 Not even close! She should have gotten attempted vehicular manslaughter but I'm pretty sure that's not a real crime. Maybe assault with a deadly weapon? 




 Apparently the video poster commented "she got away lightly with a 2 year suspended, 200 hours community service, 2 year ban and had to pay the victim 500 compensation". 




 The man suffered a broken leg and  she got away lightly with a 2 year suspended, 200 hours community service, 2 year ban and had to pay the victim 500 compensation according to the video poster 




 Haha you beat me finding it by 1 minute! I found the video OP's comment "she got away lightly with a 2 year suspended, 200 hours community service, 2 year ban and had to pay the victim 500 compensation"  




 So the original video poster ended up saying this "she got away lightly with a 2 year suspended, 200 hours community service, 2 year ban and had to pay the victim 500 compensation"  




 Not only that she deserves to lose her freedom for a couple years at least. Hope she got charged with attempted vehicular manslaughter or something like that. 




 To my American ears that sounded pretty tame but I'm sure its not. Would that be the British equivalent to fuck your work you fucking piece of shit?   




 I really want to figure out what happened to that piece of shit. I hope someone finds a follow up article or something that states her punishment 




 That was definitely my favorite post I read that entire day. You brightened my and I'm sure any others day, rolled with the punches so people were laughing with you not at you and I guarantee everyone in your workplace knows you now. This could have happened to anyone. People know that and this will open up more doors than it closes.  




 Are you by chance related to DICK PLACE? 




 You are a dick. 




 First 32 seconds and last 10 minutes! I'll take it 




 It was really good! Definitely better than a lot of TV shows on the air today. I could see this being a sketch on WKUK or something along those lines 




 Here's a big more context for anyone who hasn't had a chance to google the first quote yet.

UN Chief Weapons Inspector Hans Blix, revealed in an interview in 2003 that Vice-President Dick Cheney said to him we will not hesitate to discredit you in favour of disarmament. In other words, tell us there are WMDs or we will claim youre incompetent and go to war anyway. 




 That's exactly how I feel about fringe. 




 They could probably even use my high school stadium! 




 Honestly I had to try pretty hard to come up with someway to disagree with you but I felt it was necessary 




 I feel like the meme format detracts from the seriousness of the situation a bit though. Maybe its just how I view memes but this post would have hit front page regardless of how it was posted and a news story would have given more context. I came into the comments to figure out who this group of people is and some more insight into what exactly this petition is for. I haven't really found anything except shitty jokes and this loser I went to high school with but I guess that's reddit for you. 

Fuck you ryan 




 Tiger got to hunt, bird got to fly;

Man got to sit and wonder 'why, why, why?'

Tiger got to sleep, bird got to land;

Man got to tell himself he understand. 




 My high school offered basically all AP classes and I took everyone I could except for US and World history. I also got credit for every test I took and even passed an addition AP test for a class I never took. I ended up coming into college with 28 hours although I think some of my AP credits didn't count toward my major and weren't part of that 28. I was just shy of the 32 hours required to be considered a sophomore 



Also, a lot of colleges limit the amount of hours you can come in with out of high school. I didn't know you can come out of high school with an AA/AS degree but what I did was tough enough. Be careful not to push them too hard. 




 True I worded that wrong, should have said some scientists. I personally believe that we have no idea the full extent of the chain effects eliminating mosquitoes would cause or whether the good would outweigh the bad. I just wanted to point out a different perspective. 




 Mosquitoes may be one of the few organisms that we can live without, and many scientists believe that their elimination would cause no ecological harm.

 [Source](http://www.nature.com/news/2010/100721/full/466432a.html) 




