 No, just pay more attention to who you vote for beyond the president.  




 You over estimate the influence the governor has on jobs  




 Or they could go to the Sanders subreddit  




 What if it brings the state government profit?  




 What if I told you the other 2/3 of government would still be corrupt?  




 Or people could vote for the person they want, you know, the way democracy is set up to work. If you don't vote because you don't think your person will win, you're a terrible American  




 They're so mature that they don't read beyond titles and circle jerk sanders  




 Where's your wife titsmcgeee?  




 One of the best convo breakers I've seen on reddit  




 They want schools with large research budgets so they can collaborate. Colorado has a study with Wisconsin on why kids are dropping out of STEM. I've seen many recent studies at Colorado with Stanford and USC  




 Understood and I frequent the new section. At the same time why are many posts needed about the same thing? It discourages any diversity. If people want to talk about sanders crowd on multiple posts then there can go to the Sanders subreddit  




 OK I change it, $30 if he wins, $10 if he loses  




 No we don't.  




 I'm speaking relative to Wisconsin. If there was as much liberal trend as people think, walker wouldn't have been voted in three times. This was held in Madison, one of the country's most liberal cities. Unless you lived under a rock you heard about the protests in Madison when walker broke up unions. Walker survived still. One city does not represent an entire state.  




 Milwaukee will never be conservative. Simply said, that's where liberal voters live  




 But he went to Denver instead of Boulder. CU'S arena fits 10,000 people, he should've gone there. I saw Obama speak there a few years ago  




 His plans are pretty general too. 




 So what? Why do you need more than one post saying he had a big crowd  




 It was coincidence that it's gameday countdown tweet today  




 [He won't win] (http://www.businessinsider.com/can-bernie-sanders-beat-hillary-clinton-2015-7).
Before I get downvoted to the depths of hell, who wants to place a wager? If Sanders wins the primary, I'll donate $25 (I'm a broke college student and Sanders likes small donations) to his campaign. If he doesn't make it, $25 will be donated to the GOP that wins the primary by whoever takes me up on this. 

Edit- wow I would've expected someone to take me up on this by now. I guess Sanders supporters aren't as confident as they appear  









 I'm already subscribed, but it goes by the name /r/politics  









 Calling on the mods to do some regulation. All the top posts are about the crowd. Do we really need that many posts to tell us sanders had a big crowd? It's spamming, it's karma whoring, it's unnecessary.  




 Keep in mind this state elected Walker twice and he survived a recall. This crowd doesn't mean much  




 The top 4 posts on the sub are the same exact thing, sanders got a big crowd. Do we really need that many posts? Quit spamming  




 "Reddit conversation is beyond controlled"
Example /r/politics  




 [CNN] (http://www.cnn.com/2015/07/01/politics/bernie-sanders-crowds-wisconsin-2016/)
[Huffington Post] (http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/07/01/bernie-sanders-madison_n_7709966.html)
[MSNBC] (http://www.msnbc.com/msnbc/bernie-sanders-draws-biggest-crowd-any-2016-candidate-yet) 




 1990 Mizzou 
1990 Notre Dame 
2001 Nebraska 
[1994 Michigan] (http://imgur.com/HdoQjek) 









 At 62-22 CSU will always be little bro  




 We have caves and mines. 




 They can have the Bomber Game. Air Force drops bombs, New Mexico is where bombs are set off  




 Well we have plenty of one popular plant. 
Also high altitude = better skiing. This season ran October to June  




 Attendance has been bad and Colorado needs more home games since some years they only have 4 home conference games.  




 That's the excuse. When CU was snubbed they lost in the semis of the NIT, then won the pac tournament the following year so they couldn't be snubbed again 




 Well the showdown is no longer. CSU won't agree to a 2-1 series and so CU has scheduled TCU, Nebraska, Texas A M  




 We have UW and WSU, Oregon and OSU, Arizona and ASU. There's a trend  




 The bitched about being left out and lost the first NIT round  




 And smaller  




 Pretty sure king of the mountain would consist of CU, CSU, Utah, Utah State, BYU, Wyoming  




 Hollywood  




 Colorado would probably be Vail Resorts.
1/2 off admission to a game when you show your epic pass!  




 CSU didn't make the tournament  




 Only on Tuesdays  




 Don't worry, 2020 is closer than 2010 




 I'm taller,  but less money  




 Houston? If they're actually considered  




 White people- 50% native Colorado, 20% from California, 20% from Texas, 10% other  




 Bono?  




 Or it snows in September  




 Why do you care? You're moving to the G5 




 No. Utah St and Colorado St to big 12.  




 In some areas, I'm just surprised it wasn't mentioned as criteria  




 Nothing about academics? 
I think they were generous on basketball. CSU lost the best players from last year if I remember correctly and that year was an outlier. They complain about being snubbed and then lose in the first NIT round. That's just poor attitude. Colorado was snubbed a few years ago then  lost in the NIT semis. To prevent being snubbed they won the pac tournament the following year. 
Geography gave me a laugh. Yes Colorado boarders a big 12 state and used to be a big 12 state, but it's not any easy drive. It's 8 hours of boring flat land from Kansas. I think CU BIG 12 history is the only reason geography was scored so high.  




 Cu and CSU haven't been doing well with the neutral site series and it's ending in a few years, ending the rivalry  




 [this might have something to do with it] (http://espn.go.com/ncf/gamecast?gameId=400548263 version=mobile gcSection=boxscore src=desktop) 




 Denver Broncos  




 Canada day eh? 




 You'd like Boulder. They're converting entire traffic lanes into bike lanes.  




 Really? I saw the plans a few months ago but didn't see it go through until today  




 I gained weight  




 At the bar a guy kept bumping into me pretty hard. I know accidental bumps happen in crowds but it was more than that. I tell him "hey can you try not to bump into me so much". There's a girl there he's hitting on that I never even looked at. He decides to get all tough with words and starting to shove. Looks over at his friend who then comes over. These guys are around 5' 10". I laugh and turn to my friends. 
6'3", 6'6", 6' 8". The 6'8" guy is easily 250lbs. The guy backed off when he realized who I was with.  









 Get a shift that starts at 4am 




 Split up  




 It's a great department from my experience. One of the larger ones. I took bio 1   2 with respective labs.  




 Because the SEC won't travel west.  




 Pick one your interested in. Human diversity classes are fucking easy  




 Simply put without legal terms, 99% of juries won't blame you for helping the child. 




 Did my clinical there. 10 hour shifts if I remember correctly.  




 That's not much. Colorado has $115 million being spent on academic buildings this year. That doesn't include the labs/clinics in the athletic facility  




 And eat less hot food  




 The manlinest man  




 Flood lights = porch lights 




 Reddit? 




 We lose faith  




 I saw Strangers in a black theatre with only 10 people there. Best movie experience ever.  




 "my ears have been ringing all day" 














 They do have the big 10 game every year, there's hope.  




 So close in many games last year 
Spruce 
Jim Leavitt 
Hawaii bowl game rule 
Ten years is long enough  




 I know this is old because the brewers won on the ticker  




 Now you have to tell us which calls were yours.  




 Me. 25 years ago.  




 You'd think Colorado would be better with a coach and player on this team  




 I never heard about the tournament until this year, perhaps someone could explain it more. Colorado has an alumni team, games start July 10th and Colorado plays July 11th. Games are live streamed with the final 17 being shown on ESPN U, and the last 3 games on ESPN.
Colorado roster includes Beau Gamble, Jeremy Adams, Sabatino Chen, to name a few. 
Winning team gets $1,000,000 and registered fans get prizes ranging from a t-shirt to $5,000.  









 Had to be done. Looking forward to the big house next year  




 Go to CU, grew up in Wisconsin, so I have enjoyed many nights on State Street  




 [One of my favorite covers] (http://i.cdn.turner.com/si/multimedia/photo_gallery/1011/hail.mary.finishes/images/michael-westbrook-006274083.jpg) 




 They also had a winning record in a major city with a less active population  




 "In place of seven tax brackets, there would be one (with a generous standard deduction for the first $50,000 of income). In place of hundreds of credits, deductions and other loopholes, there would be only a handful." 




 Because they circulate like crazy on Facebook and soccer moms believe them  




 Then don't read the post, no one is forcing you 




 You under estimate the amount of people that go to the ER and don't pay. Plus, the majority of cases in the ER could be seen by primary care or urgent care instead 

Also ERs are required to treat you if your life is in danger. That means everyone has access to emergency care if they can get to an ER  














 Well seperating marriage from government is a step  




 Renew the rivalry!! It would take a lot to be rivals again  




 Damn it, I didn't know it was cancelled  




 His personal beliefs don't reflect his politics.  




 Obviously staged but still a cool thing  














 I've gained plenty of fat. 30lbs in 3 months. 




 For Colorado, reverse followed by Spruce touchdown pass to Sefo 
http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=11843943 




 Colorado making a bowl game  




 No, a team of first round draft picks couldn't even win it all  














 Can confirm, see flair. I don't even have a gut  




 I'm 6'4" and have gained nearly 30lbs. It's not near as noticeable as your 20. Weird  




 It was, I helped others make the connection  




 Hawaii is a few hours behind and can't play the game until after class gets out  




 You may have missed what I was referring to. In the 4th CU recruit post a Nebraska site had listed CSU as being in the springs. So CSU is now Colorado Springs University  




 I don't think consent should be required if there is reason for search. Does a guy match the description of one from a theft? Search for the item. Random stop and search should be consent based but appropriate suspicion should be enough to base a search on.  









 Breaks between plays  




 http://youtu.be/qv3zHT60Hbs 




 Probably people who didn't read the title  









 She should've just done a blood glucose test to confirm your levels, just a needle prick 




 Nearly a decade of losing records, daytime games, the most active population in the country. 
Simply said, most people would rather hangout in the mountains than watch a football team lose  




 Lack of. If it didn't take so damn long to get our first recruit then no one would care.  




 Colorado Springs University deserves a few votes since they also have Air Force Academy in town  




 Take 20% off of the per capita and it's only 1,000 more than Norway. That 20% doesn't include cardiovascular disease which can be attributed to lifestyle choices. 
[heart disease and diabetes make up $600 billion in healthcare expenses] (http://www.forahealthieramerica.com/ds/impact-of-chronic-disease.html).  




 Burners for the hoes 




 That is correct but we're comparing to more developed countries. Also the rate is increasing in the US and it's predicted that 3/4 of Americans will be overweight or obese in the next 5 years. Something so easily fixed by people fixing themselves has taken over the country.  




 I'm a bit late but [see for yourself] (https://vimeo.com/106998948). 
Boulder is very unique  




 Someone's never tried running a Mile High  




 One vote and this wouldn't even be a discussion. They knew about the 5th Down and clipping when they voted.  




 CU, CSU, Air Force. Just follow the rockies and you'll hit all 3 




 Colorado should have never joined the pac 12  




 Colorado basketball has a ridiculous home court advantage, likely because you don't have stops in play. 0.690 all time, 90% under coach Boyle  




 In our case, what are they doing Wed before the 11pm mountain time game Thursday?  




 Similar note I Think CU has the highest elevation of p5 teams at 5,360ft. Denver Broncos are highest in the NFL and where 2/3 longest field goals have occurred  









 Too much work, just like exercise  




 0-69 real quick  




 Yes we can! Yes we can!  




