 All customer service taught me is that most people are either pretentious or okay with publicly displaying their lack of intelligence. 




 Well I'm fucked now, my Teamspeak lobby should be rated R. The things we discuss and the jokes cracked, daaaamn. 




 I got a used falcon, x-wing, imperial shuttle, and a plethora of droids, stormtroopers, jedi, sith, and jawas from a garage sale when i was about 5 or 6 (around 2000). Best toys I ever had. 




 Unless you have to have a laptop for other proposes or need the mobility, absolutely no reason to get a laptop.

As for a gaming laptop, look at some of the mobility series from high end gaming companies. Probably spend more than $1000, but it will have what you need.

If all you need a laptop for other than gaming is basic office programs and a browser, get a super cheap laptop and build your own computer for a little more than $1200 




 Said no one ever haha 




 Had to leave Mok'Nathal because the population was small enough that either you raided with one of three guilds, pretended to pvp, or trolled trade chat and server forums.

So glad I moved to Area 52, happier that small servers are linked to real servers now. 




 Such a cheese champ, doesn't bring much utility to the game, safe as fuck always, and usually picked by the most self-righteous players. 




 I found Leeroy! 




 This is exactly how children and violent media work. So many misinformed people link media to "violent" children, but nearly every time its a kid recreating what he saw.

I can't remember a summer growing up we didn't play war with water guns made for that purpose. 




 20 yo checking in. Not only is it mandatory, but so is every vocal part. And solos, most definitely can not forget the solos. 




 As someone who reacts terribly to cheese curds, shredded will do just fine. 




 My mother and I get into fights like this all the time. I just have a very basic tolerance for stupidity.

I was around her house one time, and she asked me to make space for her to make coffee in the morning. No big deal. I empty a sink and wipe down part of the counter. Well apparently making a pot of coffee involves mopping the floor and 20 feet of uncluttered counter space. Queue heated argument. 




 I'm sorry, but growing up and this game on air for the next I didn't know how long (I was about 5) I couldn't get into the storyline. Whenever I saw that show dominating the cartoon channels I pretty much didn't watch tv because there wasn't really any alternatives.

Might have been well animated, but I still hate that show. 




 I come from a well off family and neighbourhood, but I have no desire to lock myself into a massive mortage for a house I don't want in suburbs i despise.

Downtown living is where its at. 




 Was watching bro and his friends playing, I think one of them had that skin, the way he played.

He also couldn't combo the charge, which I mastered by Dirt IV rank. 




 Fucking Becky.. 




 Don't you dare drag Us into it. 




 My senior year thesis-style essay was written about this and how remotely separate the two subjects are. IIRC the overlap of gamers and reported violence (either school or criminal records) is about 0.03% according to the average of my sources. Its pretty minimal.

In my section where I played devil's advocate, I allowed for some grey area where children play a game and then reenact it. This doesn't happen with just violent video games though. Ever since the begining of time children have copied what they see in the world. My great grandfather was a farmer, so my grandfather played with toy tractors. My grandpa was military and big into war history and movies, so my dad played soldier and had toy tanks.

Those extremist parents blaming games for violence, I think, are unable to distinguish reenacting and acting out violently as separate subjects. 




 The average Starbucks "patron" doesn't order coffee, just coffee-flavoured liquid sugar and foam with more sugar and shit on top. 




 Had an exam and right after was a course evaluation. Of course theres a box to rate how expressively enthusiastic you are about your work. 

Im probably the least outwardly expressive type there is... 




 Circumcision. Bam, no problems. 




 I turn food, drink, and time into a massive reddit browsing history. 




 The main reason four ways are still a thing is because they're cheap and drivers can be idiots to change.

My city added a few of them in recent years, and have they ever cleaned up some congestion. They're just small, single lane ones but it noticeably helps.

This year a proposal was made to convert the busiest intersection downtown into a roundabout. I support the idea, if the average driver in my city had an IQ over 4. 




 Back in high school, a friend of mine in graphical arts went around the building and violated EVERY mouse he could find by taping over the infrared sensor a little printed troll-face meme guy.

Sat back and watched people slowly lose their minds until checking the sensor...  




 Spielberg based the storming of Omaha beach off of tactics reported from the success of Juno beach.

Regardless, every beach had it rough. Whenever asked about it, my late great grandfather would only say "lot of good men died," while walking away. 




 But... why? Whats wrong with a whisk? 




 I use my ratios as I am professionally trained to. 




 Now pass the nachos 




 One batch of hollandaise is just 3 eggs, a little fine diced onion, vinegar, lemon juice, Worcestershire drops, tabasco, cayenne pepper, and 3-4 oz of clarified butter. A splash of water to thin it out.

Granted im a cook, but having a recipe card is unnecessary.

Last note, 99% of restaurants use powder mix because its easy to get health violations with essentially undercooked egg sauce. 




 "Sir, order something or get out please." 




 I don't. I had instructors that pushed classical while throwing theory out the window. I've learned more from Super Quest videos on Youtube. 




 Math checks out. 




 Honestly, most people who don't have training are too scared to try because they might break ribs. Which happens sometimes, regardless of training. 




 Or Canada 




 As an individual with arachnophobia, I want to slug someone every time they link shit about spiders on facebook (who the hell still uses facebook, I know, its just something to idle on at the bus stop). Because its not just a "check out this weird looking thing" its a big HD image of some hairy spawn of Satan. 




 I've done enough online bill payments and shopping to have my card number, authorization number, and expiry date memorized. 




 It feels like Zilean is one of those underrated supports that quietly dominates when left unchecked. 




 Summoners that never made perfect support plays would say that.

Bought Zilian, first game played I combo'd perfectly, so satisfying.

Slowed enemy carry, reset and sped my carry, carry nearly dies- but wait there's more! Ult and bam, carry is back. Dead enemy carry, turret and inhibitor downed. 




 The older he got, the more cynical his material. I love it!

When Netflix put some of his specials on, binged it all in a night. 




 I enjoy how Garrisons are blended into the questline so it doesn't feel grindy yet.

As for farming, I've always been excellent at it, so I could have hundreds of potions and dozens of flasks in an hour or two. But I know the feeling, especially dailies. Dailies made me leave MoP for a year and a half. 




 I managed to get an hour of playtime in Draenor after an hour long queue before the servers crashed.

So far, satisfying.

Garrisons are kinda cool, and one of few areas that currently don't have all the new expansion latency. 




 Where some people like a thigh gap, I like it filled in just right. Huge turn on for me. 




 Most football players tend to be large guys, and sports makes people sweaty. Nothing but facts here. 




 Woah insults uncalled for, which btw I'm 5'11" and a healthy 190 lbs 




 An attractive feature that sold me is the ball joints (or sliding locks) attaching the speakers to the handband. So many expensive heatsets use cheap plastic swivel hinges that break within a couple months. 




 Not sure if joke or pun (I am familiar with the commercial). 




 Are you;

A. Still dating her?

B. Wearing pants?

Good luck if you answered both no! 




 I completely agree. I go to the city college, and while we might be immature at times (helps with stress in the kitchens), we at least dress in good jeans, sweaters, button downs, dresses and skirts. 




