 I see a business opportunity. Fat camp for adults.  




 4$ a gallon fuel?  Sign me up any day. I'd buy a barrel to burn it for laughs. We paid between 7 and 8 us per gallon where I live.  




 VW Polo Bluemotion,  but this will change to a VW Golf Bluemotion next month. This has a 1.6 4 cylinder diesel with an average use of 5.07l/100km. 

Practically for me this will be an average of 4.3l/100km due to my driving style (boring).  




 It's pretty good in the city,  highways are decent. It's comfortable up to 140 km/h. It will run 170 real (gps)  km/h when I push it. Fuel economy goes to about 11liters per 100km then 




 Calling /r/keto!  




 One of my best friends is quite the athlete and has a resting BPM of about 35. He was hospitalised for something unrelated. 

They ended up disconnecting the heart rate monitor because it kept giving alarms...  




 "Mourn harder or we kill your family." 

True story.  




 There is a /r/writingprompt about exactly that. I'm on mobile and can't find it. The premise of one story is actually very very clever.  




 Instead poverty for all!  




 1.2 liter 3 cylinder in my car. I could have bought a bigger car with a fatter engine,  but there is no point. No kids,  no huge distances,  and it's very economic to drive. Safe too, 5 star euro ncap.  




 Small displacement diesel engine. Cheap as shit.  Prius has NOTHING on the fuel economy of this car. 

Prius has a real use of 5.18liters average per 100km (n=2095)
My car has 4.61liters average per 100km (n=114)

Source spritmonitor.de 

People need to get the idea out of their heads that hybrids are fuel economic. 

A Mitsubishi Outlander PHEV has a 30km range on the battery. Then it does about 7.32 liters per 100km on fuel.  




 Western European tax paradise (tax paradise for the government that is).  




 100 quadrillion extra.  




 You used the wrong subreddit. This belongs in /r/nottheonion.  




 No austerity will bankrupt them with national poverty as a result. 5% is the lesser of two evils.  




 Entry: 500 quadrillion dollars.  




 For me driving is only about 6 euro cents a kilometer in fuel. The rest of the cost is about 23 cents. Insurance,  road tax,  maintenance,  depreciation,  tires,  etc. People seem to forget about that. 




 Imagine I go to my bank after I cannot pay my monthly mortgage and ask them for a loan. 

They'd throw me out laughing.

Greece is delusional. 




 Syriza:

[**Ideology**	](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Syriza)

* Democratic socialism
* Left-wing populism
* Eco-socialism
* Anti-capitalism
* Alter-globalization
* Soft euroscepticism

The are also formed out of far left and radical left.

Pretty much the furthest left you can get in modern politics.

Stop being an apologist nitwit and go bother someone else. 




 Then again Mugabe is like " You party, or you die." 




 I know man. Back To The Future lied to us. We should have flying cars this year.  




 The worst is when they decide to go out after the party, without telling you, claiming they are going home.

That was the end of 6 friendships for me in my college days. 




 Reactor vessels for the chemical industry. 









 Pao: 

 Support me or get sacked.

No wonder the full team is "behind her". I'd be too with this terror in the hallway. 




 "Alex, I'll have things that sand for 120". 




 As you have already lost any sense of credibility I will leave you with a quote from George Carlin

 'Never argue with an idiot. They will only bring you down to their level and beat you with experience.'

And on that bombshell, I bid you adieu. 




 Yep. I feel kind of bad for the "common Greek". First they (and the rest of Europe) got scammed into the Euro by fraudulent bookkeeping.

Then everything went to crap after which they elect a government so extremely far to the left that they will never resolve anything with the EU.

Then they get tricked into a false sense of importance by a referendum that is less useful than a car without wheels.

Now they party, while their entire nation goes to shit. 




 Please note 

For example, there is a tradition in many newsgroups and other Internet discussion forums that once such a comparison is made, the thread is finished and whoever mentioned the Nazis has automatically lost whatever debate was in progress.[8] This principle is itself frequently referred to as Godwin's law. 

Your the weakest link. Goodbye. 




 Now they party. Soon they will cry and be hungry.

How can an entire nation be so short sighted? 




 [Check and mate.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Godwin's_law) 




 Worst thing is, the EU will probably give it in fear of Uncle Vladimir Putin and Uncle Xi Jinping coming with a fat sack of cash.

That or Greece destabilising and becoming a stepping stone for middle eastern radicals (heck maybe even Khalif Erdogan wants to have a go) 




 I used to be a pretty chunky guy and in Japan I found the most perfect t-shirt.

It said " Laugh and be Fat". I wore that sucker with pride. 

It's about 5 sized too big now though, so I got that going for me. 




 Lucky you. Shirataki noodles are like 3$ a pack here. 




 Hey everyone, 

Can someone please get me in contact with the Nobel Prize comity? This guy just permanently solved all the worlds unemployment issues!

His glorious solution "Someone else will hire them!".

You saw it here first, on reddit!  




 Man, you are delusional. Grow up. 




 [Check, and Mate](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Godwin's_law) 




 Greece would to well to make their country a good place to settle as a company. Make labour laws more entrepreneur friendly, reduce the ridiculous worker rights the Greek people have been giving themselves (really, it's out of hand). Make it a beneficial place tax wise (corporate taxes hardly matter, give people money and they will spend, tax income), give away lands for FREE or very cheap to businesses willing to settle (happened a lot in the Netherlands in the 80's and 90's for example).

Of course the government only goes so far. The Greek workers need to understand that they are not all little saints with rights that others would dream off. Yes, you are important, yes you need to do your part. Take your loss, help start building your country. 




 Oh yes, I'll tell the guys on the work floor that we are laying them off in an already hard industry. Luckily they get a few months of unemployment benefits (60% pay) and then welfare because the EU and Putin have a squabble, I'm sure they'll understand when they are unable to become employed in their field as our economy is also on it's ass.

It's easy to talk when you are employed and largely unaffected. 

 




 Sound like you want unemployment and poverty. 




 Loaning money doesn't work like that. And the Greeks need to understand.

"Forgive old loans and give us new loans." basically translates to 

"Forgive old loans and give us free money that you will never get back." 

A better compromise would be (which I still don't stand behind, but still)

"Forgive us part of our old loans and invest in our economy so we can move forward". 

A long time ago during my bachelor studies I was in a project group named "Trade not Aid"  where we helped European companies invest in Africa. No free money, no loans. Setting up businesses and letting the locals make money. It worked very, very well.



 




 In my opinion the referendum is just there to make the people think they have a say in this. They do not. Every single action so far has been in the direction of "We need more money, we promise to pay it back, also lend us more money so we can pay back the previous lender." It's like a pyramid scheme on national level.

What the Greek people and government need to do it turn very frugal, start to learn to live on the welfare level they can afford. Reform the economy (I mean, really, what does Greece have? Tourism and limited agriculture?). Exploit upcoming markets. They have tons of sun and wind, become the number one net exported of Green energy in the world. I'm sure that the EU would be willing to help pay for that. Create the best damn tourist place to be you can. Last time I was on holiday in Greece it was terrible, I would not return. etc etc.

Go frugal, live a life that you can actually afford, reform, create a unique selling point. It is hard, and I certainly do not know HOW they should do it, these are just my ideas, take them for what you will. 




 Talk about making false promises! 




 I used to be a very vocal "Grexit" proponent. But I feel more and more pity for the Greek people.

It's all a giant clusterfuck of failure. First politicians scammed the people and the EU into joining the Euro. Then everything goes to shit. Then they elect a government  that cannot possibly solve this issue. 

We (the EU) should have let Greece go years ago. It would have been cheaper for the EU, and less painful for the Greek people. The bitter pill would be there, but a whole lot less bitter than it is now.\

My guess: Grexit before the end of the year with very limited impact to Europe, and near third world levels of poverty in Greece. 




 Regardless of Siemens, this is pretty common for a lot of firms. One of our biggest customers is in Russia. 

Fortunately we have a joint venture in China. We ship the 99.9% ready product to them. They tack on some extra nameplates and upload the software (made in the EU) and ships to Russia.

And believe me, we are not the only ones. For us it is either this, or close one of our factories, firing approx. 500 employees, our margins are already razor thin as it is due to competition from lower cost countries.

The only ones that are screwed by this are smaller companies, farmers, and other agricultural companies. 




 Never had the urge to decrease DPI, so no worries. 




 [WHY NO GAINZ WITH MICKEY?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PmILOL55xP0) 




