 This is very depressing.   




 Good luck!  We found our daughter's sex at 14w3d.  Hope everyone's happy and healthy xoxo 




 While I have a disgust for the place I've mentioned, that is definitely not how I feel about every place of worship. 

While I am a firm atheist, I at least have respect for the establishments that keep it more humble and honest.   




 Right?  That's about the only thing that religion has to go on.  




 That's very true.  I just feel like it is becoming more obvious, making it harder to take more people of faith seriously.  




 That's the way I feel.  My mind wasn't already made before I got there, I was actually being optimistic about seeing how some churches run nowadays.  




 This was something I looked into recently.  His wealth is something that he is very good at making it seem legit.  But I'd love to see those books. 

He has a net worth of 50 million, but insists that is from book sales and other means.  He hasn't taken an income from the actual church since 2005.  That church is said to bring in on average 32 million. 

He also doesn't own his mansion, something that I didn't look into further yet.  But it belongs to Covenant Trust, no idea, but that could possibly be a way of avoiding taxes.   




 They probably think they are around good christian folk that would never do anything unchristlike.   




 

Edit:  I love it though, I promise. 




 Oh god!  I love him. 




 I actually think *you* hit the nail on the head, thank you. 




 And the strong people, usually take the role as leader. 




 And maybe they like to keep tabs on who actually gives them money. 




 These people's interests are just superficial,  they only *want* other people to think they love that shit.  Nobody does.  Give me a place that's real, goddammit.  




 I mean, maybe like a bar/lounge band.  Then you'd also get to *drink* and see shitty music.   




 Yea my cousin puts in 50, and admits it should be more.  I wanted to scream.  I haven't done the math,  I just know that he's an electrician with his own business, so I'm sure 10% for him would be more than 50.   




 At our church in my hometown, it was more like 50-75 people a week.  It being a depressed area, a lot of people just gave some change.  Which I found, even as a child, to be extremely fair and noble of them. 




 I'm sure it started with seeding, but these motherfuckers were so delighted to hand over their money, they couldn't pass it fast enough.  Some *were* in envelopes so I couldn't see the amount. 




 See, this was something that I always thought was specific to certain denominations.  But I have learned this is the standard now across the board.  

When did this happen?  My family would have never agreed to that 20 years ago.  My mom always thought she was extremely generous with $5/week in the plate. 




 That I'd have a lot more respect for if it was a fair, tax - paying establishment.  If that's all that people want, it shouldn't be in the name of Jesus, based on what he's about he wouldn't have anything to do with these "mega churches." 




 This church is called Cottonwood.  It's in Orange County. 




 Thank you.

After seeing that place, I Googled Joel Osteen's church.  Jesussss.  Stadium churches. 




 Well I understand that completely, thank you.  But how can you expect checks?  How can the church consciously tell people to write checks.  I didn't see checks in there for $1, most were $50.  People are breaking the bank to pay for the lighting and sound system in this ridiculous amphitheater.  

"Good Christians deserve a nice place of worship."  That's all my cousins could really say about the whole thing. 




 [Was greeted at the door with one of these, wafer on top, grape juice on bottom](http://www.imgur.com/5YHjMWd.jpeg)

[This place isn't exactly a humble place of worship](http://www.imgur.com/Xo6Dmtp.jpeg). Looks like it takes quite a bit of money to produce this setup... and those single-serve communion cups.

Get in and sit down, the first 35 min is a small, young, rock band singing faith songs.  Everyone with hands in the air, really pretending to feel this lame music.

Then we finally have someone preaching.  But he never opens a bible or tells us to open ours.  He just starts telling us anecdotal stories and his own interpretations of stories from the bible.  

When the collection plate passed me,  I noticed it was all checks, no one gives paper money anymore, let alone change.  

Towards the end, the preacher kept reminding us repeatedly to join some workshops next month, not free of course.  No thanks.


I just remember church when I was a child as being humble.  All we ever did was read from the bible and sing together.  No one had to hand over their paychecks.

Now it has just turned into this business,  that is so disgusting I couldn't stand being there.  I've been an atheist for the majority of my life now, but seeing that first hand just blew my asshole off. 




 Well then this isn't about your Preacher.  There are some good people out there who genuinely do it because they are good people, and they were good before they knew about religion.  

The first people I thought of were the ones on TV that sell holy water or magic towels.  They are bad people, and profit off of the weak who want to be saved.   




 It's absolutely normal :')

Just so you know this level of worry will continue the rest of your life about your children!

Just know, you are doing everything you can to give your baby the best chance possible.  Things can happen that are out of your control, but dont think about it.  Today you are pregnant, and you love your baby!

 




 [That seems a little slow for 9w6d](http://radiopaedia.org/articles/fetal-heart-rate) 




 Man, there is nothing I was able to do.  It gets so hard sometines.  But it sounds like you're doing what you can, maybe someone else here has miracle advice. :D 




 While he might have been trolling or joking, it's not *incorrect* advice.

Perming asian hair really would soften it and make it a lot more desirable to work with.  It's not a realistic option, and I'm not telling OP to do it, but it would have the benefits he is after. 




 Chocolate coca-cola!  But sweet potato fries sound amazing... 




 Love hearing positive things.   




 Whoa nice! Xoxo 




 You said it.  A lifetime of worry.  Even after you get into second tri, you're going to be anxious til birth.  Then you'll be anxious til it's out of the possible SIDS age.

Miscarriage is a terrible, heartbreaking tragedy, but know that if it were to happen, it was because something was wrong and it needed to.  

I've had one previous miscarriage at 8.5 weeks.  Not sure of the cause.  This year, my Dr put me on progesterone until I was 10 weeks.  Now I'm 14 weetks.  Trying to be positive and patient.  

The one thing I could suggest is that you get a doppler.  I know you run the risk of more worry if you couldn't find it.  But I got one and was able to find the heartbeat at 10 weeks, and every day since.  Just an idea. 




 I'm the same.  I got a doppler, I know people say that if you don't find a heartbeat it could cause you extra worry.  But ever since I found the heartbeat the first time, I never had a problem since.  I'm exactly 14w today.  Just sharing xoxo 




 Goddammit.  What is it with some women.  I don't attribute that to different taste, I'd just say her brain space is vacant. 




 I love that she stayed excited the whole time, I thought we'd eventually see an epic meltdown. 




 Yes very!  And impressive! 




 I think it's an amazing idea. 




 I think that movie was underrated.  I always tell people to watch it, and that it rivals "Waiting."  Loved it. 




 That's a heartwarming thing to know, Thank you. 




 You guys have to understand how many people would love to see this happen.  I've never talked to a single person that didn't love Super Troopers.   




 That's what I try to tell people.

But they always reply, "It doesn't have meaning?  They don't mean *anything*?"  

No.  Stop acting like you have a pinup girl and an anchor because some distant relative was in the Navy, just admit it's what you like or want.  Forced meaning is the most disingenuous thing. 




 That is something my car automatically does, that makes sense now.  Thank you. 




 I'm very uneducated about CPR, which I'm now inspired to change in the very near future.  

But I never knew there needed to be no pulse to proceed with CPR.  If someone is drowning in a swimming pool, you pull them out, would they have a pulse?  Or would they just be choking and need a different CPR? 




 [Some people always hated it](http://youtu.be/TOBfpHv1VcI)

*"Hi, I'm a video DJ.  I always talk like I'm wigged out on quaaludes.  I wear a satin baseball jacket everywhere I go.*

*My job is to help destroy what's left of your imagination, by feeding you endless doses of suger-coated, mindless garbage."* 




 So beautiful.  I love producing happy tears. 




 She looks so comfy 




 Or Jageroos.  Jager and root beer compliment eachother. 




 The first thing to make me laugh out loud today. 




 I was 10, my grandma brought home [Mallrats](http://youtu.be/LU8762ow8is).  She said it looked like a cute movie about teenagers hanging out at the mall.

A little young for my first Kevin Smith movie, but I loved the shit out of it. 




 Mine started at 6 1/2 weeks.  And it subsided at about 11 weeks.  Around 8-9 weeks it was so bad all I wanted to do was curl into a ball in bed.  Let's hope you don't get it too bad, but I know what it's like to want to feel pregnant.  Xoxo. 




 Aww love you xoxo 




 Omg I know.  And he drinks a lot, and everything he drinks looks amazing. 




 Would I pronounce them in english like they look? 




 Go to [Lucies list](http://www.lucieslist.com/) it will tell you everything!  And it will also tell you everything you don't need. 




 What is this, *Mayberry*? 




 We all got Miyagi-d. 




 Second vote for Sharknado. Xoxo 




 Look at that profile xoxo 




 That is very pretty, and warm feeling. Xx 




 He was pretty cool.  I wonder where he is now...

Edit:  Apparently not acting much, but [whoa](http://www.imgur.com/iYxbxJ8.jpeg) 




 stahp. 




 Same exact thing here.   




 I love that they made that song the theme for the Documentary about Fox News, "Outfoxed."   




 Ugh.  It *is* everywhere. Like wth. Comes out in the shower by the fistful, tons in the brush after shower, then all over my clothes the rest of day... tickling and bugging the shit out of me. 




 That's good, I was really hoping the preview didn't amp up the drama for no reason.   




 Could you elaborate without spoiling the movie?  I can't wiki it 




 I am 12 weeks now, I only really felt symptoms between 8 and 10 weeks.  That's when I had morning sickness and that's when my fatigue felt the strongest.   




 [I found this interesting about babies](http://youtu.be/PgkZf6jVdVg) 




 I definitely thought I'd have to scroll a hell of a lot farther to find what I was going to type.  I miss these damn things. 




 [There's a lot on this website](https://www.tshirthell.com/hell.shtml) 




 I've been seeing this stuff all over social media in the last week and I never once saw it connected to ALS.  

Awareness and donations are beautiful, but the cause should at least be mentioned, wth. 




 This reminds me of my favorite (long) quote from Patton Oswalt.

"I remember, when 9/11 went down, my reaction was, "Well, I've had it with humanity."

But I was wrong. I don't know what's going to be revealed to be behind all of this mayhem. One human insect or a poisonous mass of broken sociopaths.

But here's what I DO know. If it's one person or a HUNDRED people, that number is not even a fraction of a fraction of a fraction of a percent of the population on this planet. You watch the videos of the carnage and there are people running TOWARDS the destruction to help out. (Thanks FAKE Gallery founder and owner Paul Kozlowski for pointing this out to me). This is a giant planet and we're lucky to live on it but there are prices and penalties incurred for the daily miracle of existence. One of them is, every once in awhile, the wiring of a tiny sliver of the species gets snarled and they're pointed towards darkness.

But the vast majority stands against that darkness and, like white blood cells attacking a virus, they dilute and weaken and eventually wash away the evil doers and, more importantly, the damage they wreak. This is beyond religion or creed or nation. We would not be here if humanity were inherently evil. We'd have eaten ourselves alive long ago.

So when you spot violence, or bigotry, or intolerance or fear or just garden-variety misogyny, hatred or ignorance, just look it in the eye and think, "The good outnumber you, and we always will." 




 Maybe my brain doesn't work right, but I feel like you didn't add more than he did.  He shared his unexplained opinion, and you just said "opinions." 




 Yea, so the guy getting downvoted can't have the opinion of disagreement?  This is a weird place. 




 Yea, not a smart move.  That would annoy any demographic.  Except maybe Clark Griswald. 




 :'( I'm sorry.  




 Or just sort by controversial.  




 *classic misdirection* 




 Neither is Fag. 




 Bowel distention.  Your food processes slower so your body can take in more nutrients, so we are left with a very bloated tummy early on. 




 holy shit dude.  




 I know!  [She surprised the hell out of me](http://youtu.be/JK_DOJa99oo) 




 This is my experience with miscarriages, ::warning, not a happy discussion:: it always takes a while for my body to start to get rid of the baby.  First I felt a complete loss of symptoms,  then it took anywhere from 3-5 weeks for me to have bleeding and painful cramps.  

So I'd personally say it looks good for you if you still have frequent urination among *any* other symptoms.  That means the hcg is still present.  Have you seen or heard a heartbeat yet?  What other symptoms do you feel? 




 [Old Spice has been creeping me out lately.](http://youtu.be/vhbd4ZajKD0) 




 All the songs with "Na Na" in it right now.  Jesus.  I here Trey Songz, "Oh Na-Na," and I can't stand it.  I turn the station and I hear this other one that goes, "na-na, nananananananana na na,"  and I couldn't believe it.   




 Put me in my bed. 




 Yea *wth.* 




 Perfect! 




 :'(  I liked that movie a lot. 




 Does that do anything?  I miss this show. 




 [The most badass cover of Shaka Kan.](http://youtu.be/MkWb1he1TS4)

Probably the best guitar player I've seen in a while too! 




 Yea, totally used to think it was actual cheese. 




 When I was learning how to drive my mom told me that if I go the exact speed limit, I will make every green light.  I knew she was bullshitting me, I would have much rathered her be honest and just ask me to drive carefully. 




 What was your family's reasoning for using such harsh language? Couldn't they have gotten their point across more eloquently by not using such words as "fags?"  

I've always viewed them as crazy(sorry), but they might have earned more credibility if their language wasn't so vulgar and inappropriate.  It especially confused me when I learned more about your family and how intelligent they all were, and that a lot of them are even lawyers.  




 You just made me feel a lot better.  :') 




 I'm 8w3d.  I've had a previous Mc, so this time my Dr put me on progesterone pills from week 7 to week 12.  These pills have made my pregnancy symptoms so strong that I'm afraid I won't be able to tell if I Mc and have a loss of symptoms.  I've had very strong nausea for a couple weeks now, but idk if it's from the pills or my pregnancy.  When I miscarried last time I didn't have cramps or bleeding for weeks after the baby died, but the loss of symptoms happened very quickly.  My first appointment is August 11, all they've done for me so far was draw blood and write me a prescription.  I'm just scared and needed to vent.  Thanks for listening. :( 




 [Yea he's a winner](http://truthaboutdahvie.tumblr.com/post/40316532001/dahvie-vanity-allegation-roundup) 




 Oh boy.  How could John Cusack turn *that* down... 




 I thought that was too long too, my Dr.  is the same way!  I did exactly what you're doing!  Have fun at your first ultrasound, it's magical.

Edit:  My Dr. also says my insurance only covers one ultrasound per pregnancy, at 20 weeks!  How ridiculous is that.   




 Some people can't handle Vegas. 




 Strong genes! 




 Man, when I first found out, my headache lasted a week.  I'm so excited for you! 




