 Miss-terious 




 I'm a detention officer at the maximum security jail. 36k a year 600 saved but I'm about to buy a new gun.. sooo... nothing saved. Lol 




 Lol no you fucking retard. I'm saying that mat 90 is not a pre-requisite for any education degree...or any degree.. it's only because you fucked up on your assessment test. 




 No.. it is not.. 

MAT 90 is because the student didn't do well on the assessment test. College level math starts at 101. Students interested in teaching, and any degree really, are required to take math classes to a certain point to satisfy their general requirements. 

When they go to their program of study, in this case education, they will take other classes that focus on how to teach it among other things.

Here is an education major at a university in my city. This is the math requirements for a degree in their program:

MAT-150	Mathematics for Elementary Teachers I	This is the first in a two-course sequence designed for prospective elementary school teachers. Concepts include set theory, functions, numeration systems, number theory and properties of the natural numbers, integers, rational numbers, ratios, proportions, decimals, and percents, with an emphasis on problem solving and critical thinking. Prerequisites: Grade of C or better in MAT 134 or 3 years of high school algebra with a grade of C or better.	4
MAT-151	Mathematics for Elementary Teachers II	This is the second in a two-course sequence designed for prospective elementary school teachers. Concepts of elementary probability, data analysis, descriptive statistics, geometry of shapes in two and three dimensions, congruence and similarity, measurement, and geometric transformations, with an emphasis on problem solving and critical thinking. Prerequisite: MAT 150.	4
MAT-250	College Algebra and Trigonometry	This course is a unified study of fundamental concepts from algebra and trigonometry that provide the necessary background for the study of calculus. Topics include modeling linear equations and inequalities; functions and their graphs; polynomial, rational, exponential, logarithmic, and trigonometric functions; systems of equations and inequalities; matrices and determinants; and conic sections. There is an emphasis on developing both a fundamental understanding of these concepts as well as their application to real-world problem solving. Prerequisites: Grade of C or better in MAT 134 or 3 years of high school algebra with a grade of C or better. 




 Math 90....

Good for you... 




 Big 10 Title incoming! 




 Diamonds... she'll pretty much "have to" 




 You'll probably never top that game in your lifetime! lol
 




 In my line of work we call this "racial tension" and get our tasers and pepper spray ready with a smile Lol

 




 Maybe you should change your name? 




 I vote OP bring some Lafayette Coney Island or at the very least some white castle with him! 




 I started sleeping on the couch because of those stupid bed sheets.

You win bed..you win! 




 his name is officer gooch....

lolz. 




 Best comment:

Keyser Sze 1 hour ago
I would buy two mobile homes from that brunette. Then make stains in both of them with her. 




 I love hockey. My favorite sport.. I am curious to know who he is :) 




 The heart 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJzwAswDzns feature=youtube_gdata_player 




