 No, he doesn't. If he looks underage and is purchasing alcohol that is absolutely probable cause to detain them and ascertain their age.   




 He doesn't need a stop and identify law if he sees them purchasing alcohol and believes them to be underage.  




 He lets them go through with it because he cannot prove that they aren't 21

He can ask for their ID right then and there. 

You can always refuse a search. 




 On a scale from 0 to MC Hammer, this is a -1. 




 Louisiana does not allow medical marijuana for PTSD.  




 The costs to determine whether you are injured are valid costs. As far as malpractice goes, what are your damages? 




 What did I miss?? 




 HIPAA 




 I think most of the charges are unfounded

It doesn't sound like it.  It sounds like you were injured, received treatment, and owe the money.

think the hospital owes me in damages

Almost certainly not.

Did you ask the hospital about a payment plan? 




 I feel like some sections of reddit had such an unhappy childhood that they get angry whenever they see a child happy. 




 Don't slur attorneys in a sub full of attorneys offering free legal help.

If you are sued, and your medical records are relevant to the lawsuit, they can absolutely obtain those records. 




 It's unlikely that much can be done seeing as how this is the second time the dog has bitten someone.  




 Am I legally allowed to walk into his luxury store and demand he pay me? 

You can certainly approach him and calmly ask him to pay the money.  If he asks to to leave his property you must.

Or better, can I walk into his store and take $1678 worth of product?

Of course not.

You need to use legal processes to collect.  [See here.](http://research.lawyers.com/pennsylvania/pa-collecting-the-judgment.html) 




 Ya think I can beat the ticket?

Probably not.  The color thing doesn't matter one iota.  Even though you're from out of town, you are expected to be familiar with the laws where you travel.  Ignorance of the parking laws is no excuse. 




 Consent is not a two way street.  




 This question comes up all the time here. Consent is not a two way street. By remaining on the call, you consent to them recording. They have not consented to you recording.  




 So you can fake that note from your wife? 




 Dude what the fuck? 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2x0k2o/when_writing_physical_notes_to_loved_ones_do_you/ 




 [He just posted this in AskReddit.](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2x0k2o/when_writing_physical_notes_to_loved_ones_do_you/) 




 Hey, you quoted me!  I'm famous! 




 What information?  Why can't you get it?  Don't quote statutes. 




 Still not helpful. Please explain in your own words what you are trying to accomplish without quoting any statutes.  




 Explain, in your own words, what documents you want and why you think they must go to an attorney.  




   I am very worried about my wife and am overwhelmingly distraught about where she might be.

Your actions (or lack thereof) indicate otherwise. 




  This is true, but I'm wondering if it will sound reasonable to the police.

No, it won't sound reasonable in the slightest.  Have you ever met another human being before? 




 This is, if true, one of the most fucked up posts I've ever seen on here, and that's *really* saying something.

Your wife disappears for 48 hours, and you have not yet contacted authorities, when most people would do it within a few hours.  You haven't contacted her friends and family to ask if they've seen her or to let them know there's a problem.  Even now, you plan to contact police "tomorrow morning" waiting yet another 12 hours for no reason whatsoever.

Before contacting police, however, your main concern is to avoid suspicion on yourself.  You're asking about procedural questions for talking to police when for all you know your wife could be kidnapped, injured, or worse.  You demonstrate no concern for her safety whatsoever, only concern for yourself. 




 He is a traitor that revealed state secrets for 15 minutes of fame.  




 [Most Americans oppose his actions and think he should stand trial.](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/poll-most-think-edward-snowden-should-stand-trial-in-us/) 




 Comment.  




 [Hmmm.](http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/2013/06/I-dont-believe-you.gif) 




 Almost certainly not.  




 Workers comp has been paying medical bills and paying me 70% of income but I'm just curious if I should seek legal advice just to be safe.

It wouldn't hurt.  You can get a free consultation with an attorney that can let you know if you have any further claims. 




  Rather that it brought to the front of my mind just how very young the actresses seemed/looked.

An infant, which looks very different than a grown person, made you think about how porn actresses look young? 




 My daughter's vulva looks nothing like a grown woman's.  I have never conflated the two. 




 You can get the video through a records request or through the normal discovery process.  There is usually a fee for such things. 




 Abuse of legal painkillers is absolutely a huge problem.

That doesn't answer my question of why telling someone not to do illegal drugs is a bad message? 




 She is being sued by the other driver, not the driver's insurance company.

She needs to contact the insurance company she had at the time and inform them of the lawsuit.  They will provide an attorney for her and defend her up to the limits of her policy. 




  "DONT DO DRUGS"

I think the vast majority of people understand this to refer to illegal drugs.  How is that not a good message? 




 Just act like a normal person man.  You'll be fine. 




 Would I have a case if I tried to lawyer up and take them to court?

Please don't say lawyer up. 

It's unlikely any attorney would take this case on contingency, meaning you'd have to pay them a retainer that would likely be more than it would cost you to get the car painted. 

It's also unlikely that you'll get an entirely new paint job because they can't match the paint in the back. I don't think any judge or jury would see such a thing as reasonable.  




  Why should I be forced to write him a new check?

Because you're an adult. Act like it.  




  nudum pactum

I had a lot of those back in high school. 




 He's been staying with the permission of the friend making the friend the landlord subletting the place.  




 If nothing else you are absolutely guilty of refusing to blow into the Breathalyzer at the station which is going to be a 1 year suspension of your license. 




 5 years 




 Take that deal. You're going to lose your motion and your trial. We told you that last time.  




 The issue will turn on whether or not the judge thinks you were living at one place or another. The fact that you told the police officer one thing means the judge will likely lean that way.  




 I'm not sure if I'm correctly understanding, but even if you don't plan to live somewhere forever, if you're there for as long as you were that is your residence and you need to update your information. Usually you have 30 days after you move to do so.  




 If it's necessary for the officer to be there, he will be.  The idea that you can somehow wait it out in the hopes that he won't show is largely a myth. 




 Delaying won't work.  If it did everyone would just delay their court hearings.

You have no defense so far as I can see.

You can go to your court date and speak with the prosecutor.  The only plea you're likely to be offered is Unsafe Driving, which carries no points but is a $400-$500 fine. 




  I was going to sell my car since the tickets are only associated with the license plate not my driver's license number. 

It doesn't take Sherlock Holmes to find you. 




  I mean GE is able to not pay a dime in taxes, because they have the right argument, the right loophole, no?

[GE pays taxes.](http://www.factcheck.org/2012/04/warren-ge-pays-no-taxes/) 




  But "not buying it" isn't what I'm interested in hearing about.

Well, you get what you pay for.

Why, specifically, wouldn't this argument hold up?

Because your scheme, and it's obvious that's what this is, would not hold up under the law.  Even if you had some argument that would pass the laugh test, which you don't, the human beings that interpret and enforce these laws would see right through you. 




 But if the exact content of the receipt is necessary for the work of art, and it would be impossible to obtain a legitimate receipt for that amount from that store (its legitimacy is also necessary), doesn't it follow that I necessarily had to have purchased that item, and therefore it is a legitimate expense in regards to the art piece?

The resounding "no" remains.  No one will fall for this.  The IRS won't buy it, a judge won't buy it, a jury won't buy it.  It won't work. 




  I didn't say false accusations happen with regularity. I said drunk sex happens with regularity

I know what you said.  My point was that even with all that regular drunk sex happening, false rape accusations do not happen with regularity.  So they don't need to worry about it. 




  I get what you are saying but the reality is that on college campuses sex with strangers is a regularity. 

False rape accusations do NOT happen with regularity.  If you're concerned about it that much, only have sex with people you trust.  Don't have a one night stand. 




 They need a safe space to call children crotchfruit.  









 There is no private claim for a FERPA violation.  




  Shouldn't a person be aware that he is doing wrong?

I find it hard to believe that you didn't know you were not allowed to waltz into any open building you see, in the middle of the night, and destroy their property.  




 A burglar and a felon or a person that was a trouble maker would have had a prior history as a juvenile delinquent.

False. Plus your history has nothing to do with whether or not you committed this crime.  




 It creates an attorney client relationship which should be avoided here at all costs. 




 I've never seen anything like this happen before.  




 When asked why he decided not to arrest a felon in possession of a firearm

The prosecutor didn't object since this was entirely irrelevant?

actually discretely gave us the thumbs up while arranging some paperwork.

Uhhhhhh

after the cop testified they knew there was no way that proper procedure had been followed

Had they followed their instructions they should have disregarded this testimony entirely since it has nothing to do with the actual charge. 

After the verdict we got to speak to several members of the jury.

Maybe it's different in Wyoming but his would never happen in any jurisdiction I'm familiar with.  




 Aaron Sorkin is the best TV writer in history.  Come at me bro. 




  From my understanding, as the custodial parent the minimum parenting time is the only thing she has to agree to, and the judge will not force anything other than that unless the parents have a joint custody agreement, which requires agreement from both parties at least initially, which she will not agree to. 

Your understanding is incorrect. 




  it's whether the doctor violated a standard of car

Like when you clearly tell the rental place you want an SUV and they give you a Dodge Neon. 




 Compazine is also used to treat migraine headaches. 




 they are not meant to foreclose the parents from agreeing to, ***or the court from granting***, such additional or reduced parenting time as may be in the best interest of the child in any given case.

The court will not grant you the minimum time and there's no reason for you to assume to. 




  If she decides that she cant/wont then I am only entitled to non-custodial legal minimum.

What makes you think this?  There is no law that I know of that states anything close to this. 




 She can't do that.  She's not the one in the control of the situation, the judge is.  She doesn't get to decide how much time you get.

A judge will almost certainly award joint custody, since that's what they almost always do.  Additionally, as the primary care giver you have an excellent argument to have primary physical custody.

If you want to do this right you need an attorney. 




 If you were fired due to economic conditions then you have no recourse. You would have to prove somehow that your religious views were the cause-and it would take more than the timing of your firing to do so.  




 You're right bro. Fight the power!!  




 Touch.  




