









 6/10 - pretty basic looking but cute. 




 And having big man breasts and low testosterone is super manly and straight. 




 I'll have to look into that. Barnes   Noble has a great reference section I'll be able to use to do my research.  Thanks. 









 If four years is "entry level" what's two years? 




 I made it a point of not turning down interviews I got from attending on campus recruiting events close to graduation.  There were many booths for "Financial Advisers" that were open to all majors. Being open to all majors is a red flag on its own but I did research into what they actually did.  Some houses are more legit than others, but most get you to resell life insurance to family and friends.  As soon as they started asking me about my network of fam and friends I politely excused myself and walked out. 




 Barnes   Noble. I don't buy anything there but I like sitting in their chairs and reading magazines.  If only there were a place similar to B N that I could visit and perhaps borrow some books or magazines, take them home for a bit, or read them there, then return them at my convenience.   




 VII / X 




 It's a tough call because you're making a duck face in both pictures. 

In the second photo, the larger zoom makes it harder to see your duck face but it also reveals the large urine stain on your mattress. 

It's a really hard decision. Personally, I'd go with #2, as the urine stain is less embarrassing than the closeup duck face. 




 Physical attraction trumps emotional connection. (In most cases involving males) 









 Those calves... 




 I'm no expert on lady attire but it looks like you have nice legs and I'm assuming a nice butt - so anything that would highlight that?   




 Look at her legs; she definitely does some kind of sport. 




 I don't do English breakfast, this is Murika. It's also missing the beans. And blood pudding is gross.   




 On the left.  I used purple potatoes so their camouflaged.   




 They're those little purple potatoes with onions and rosemary.  




 Math is hard sometimes. Forgot that betes multiplier.  









 6/10 - You look older than 18. You also look like you're pretty fit but your clothing isn't complimenting that at all.

Teeth. 




 Solid 9. You're fit and pretty. 




 But 2,000 calories *is* 2,000 calories.   




 Low and slow. Like for 30-35 min at 225. Spice to taste.
 









 This kind of ignorance makes my skin crawl. I had some idiot on Yelp! message me saying that the racist bar tender that wouldn't serve me wasn't racist because I'm white. 




 Happy to report I've only bought beer from Whole Foods.
 




 Try steal cut oats!!! Sorry I got excited.
I add blueberries and a tiny bit of cocoanut oil. 




 Almost everything I make has onions. 




 not at all. 




 5.5 / 10.  You'd do very well to get in shape. 




 You look like a young Peter Griffin. It seems like there is a handsome young man hiding under all that fat. The biggest improvement you can make is to get in shape. I can give you tips there if you need, otherwise, there are plenty of subs you can use for knowledge and motivation. Current rating: ~2/10 




 I have some things I do that help me maintain.
1. NEVER eat in front of TV. This robs you of the sense of satisfaction you get from food as your senses are being overwhelmed by light and sound.
2. Learn to recognize when your body is not hungry. 
3. Be aware of your sugar consumption. Read food labels of things you eat and notice the addition of sugars. Taper off of sugar. It's basically poison. 




