 And there we go 




 Dawn of the Dead 




 There's a sub for /r/accidentalswastica we should have one for accidental penis 




 http://www.eyekandiart.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/green%20pearl%20w%20purple%20black%20edged%20flames%20harley%20davidson%20motorcycle%20custom%20paint%20set%20by%20eye%20kandi%20pic%202.jpg. Basic idea of the concept I mentioned 




 I've been in the craft beer business for a while.  I even worked for a brewery in Dallas for a few years.  The most aggravating thing was I had no coworkers who could just chill the f*"!k out on good, normal, well made craft beer.  Everyone had to have the biggest, rarest, most elaborate beer to find.  I love craft beer, and the industry.  Not everyone is a hipster, but unfortunately, they're there. 




 If you want to get eye popping with it, keep the same purple, swap the black with a light metallic green with a lot of shine.  The two colors contrast well together 




 Really just an excellent ploy to get beer nerds and hipsters to brag about having whale testicles in their mouth.  Way to go Iceland. 




 In not, but I might, BBC has always been the most impartial news source imo 




 As you so eloquently put, "you don't pneumonia from cold weather". However, a 67 year old man already had a suppressed immune system (fact, immune systems decline with age one past early adulthood years).  Also, cold weather does suppresses ones immune system (fact). The combination of the two would leave him more susceptible to the disease.  Also, I never stated it was fact.  I just said these were the two versions I've heard. 




 WE HAVE AN ANGER ROOM IN DALLAS !$ *!!-";%#+- #!!  Holy crap that's where it's going 




 Had an actual laugh out loud moment with this one. Thanks for sharing 




 That's amazing.  That might be the must selfless thing I've ever heard. 




 What was your biggest motivator over the 26 months and what was your final tipping point that inspired you to take action? 




 Troll 2 is the greatest bad movie ever made.  Easy to find on dvd online, and it may be in netflix.  Don't worry about seeing Troll first.  The two are unrelated. 




 Yeah, it pulled me back enough to take my hand off the left grip 




 Come on...  Who wouldn't want a 13 year old television with a busted power button that takes up a ton of space and always has the closed captioning on...?  Its an awesome find 




 Holy crap you're beautiful 




 None of them are absolute musts.  I just didn't know if their were any extraction apps.  Any other media sieves would be great.  It would also be nice if their are any apps to cast documents to the Tv 




 Yikes, that tops mine.  I used to work on the Texas hill country in my very early 20's.  I decided to get a little sun while out riding on my day off and lost the shirt.  I was riding right next to the Guadalupe River and took a cicada going about 60mph.  It struck me about half an inch above the nipple.  Lesson learned. 




 I'm looking to do a project build similar to this.  I'm interested on sine measurements.  What's the backbone stretch, front leg stretch, rake, and cup size? 




 I can confirm that, except it was a cicada 




 Didn't want to go that rout but I think I may 




 I just got my chrome cast in the mail today and getting my new TV in tomorrow.  Other than netflix, Pandora, and of course Chromecast itself, what are some apps that are must have or y'all would highly recommend? 




 Just shoot me a pm, here in the comments is fine too.  Remote doesn't work and CC is stuck on.  Its free, just pick it up.  If your going to just plug a DVD player or cable box into it, it works fine. 









 I've heard two different versions of George Washington's death.  The first the he didn't die of pneumonia, but of syphilis contacted from his mistress.  The other was that he did due of pneumonia.  He was at his mistress' when her husband came home, George Washington peaped out the window nude, in fear of being caught.  He ran a considerable distance home in the snow in the bare, thus contracting pneumonia. 

Tl;dr. George Washington would have lived longer if he kept it in his pants 




 YES!!!!!!!!! 




 No worries, I'm a cowboys fan.  Jerry is a douche. 




 Is it just me?  Every time I see Clay Cooley, all I picture is what Will Farrel would look like if he spoofed a used car dealer or someone running for state comp troller? 




 What ever happens I hope the best for you.  I was madly in love with my best friend in college for 4 years.  I told her how I felt just to finally clear the site and lift the weight.  I knew what her response was going to be, but I manned up.  It got a little rocky for a bit, but soon enough, we were closer than we were before.  What ever happens, I hope happiness for you both. 




 I did a basic factory reset after T-mobile said that may be the issue 




 Thanks, it's date night so I'll be spending a good amount of time tomorrow on this 




 Yes I do.  The factory flas on the phone settings or the kind where I hook my phone up to my pc? 




 Cool, I know almost nothing of what you said.  But excited someone had the same issue as me.  What was the solution, in plain terms, that a 12 year old could understand 




 http://imgur.com/MfHmRnR. Not that much actually... 




 I did have to switch it, but no luck 




 I've done both, twice, no luck 




 http://imgur.com/l2NXRxc. Here is what I have space wise.  I've done a factory reset it just takes me back to when the phone updated to Lollipop, didn't fix the problem 




 I think it's the melodrama in the singer's voice.  I don't know how else to describe it. 




 sorry, realized that after I hit submit.  I know "us" included peopel it wasn't supposed to.  I guess hwta I meant to type was, "People like Steve Harvey ruin the reputation of Christianity for those, including myself, who don't agree with his closed off, warped, sexist, homophobic and myopic views" 




 I really want to believe this is a joke or a spoof, buuuuuut........ 




 excellent, thanks 




 I think one of the biggest reasons to my understanding, was the Judea was expecting more of a more, for lack of a better word, epic Messiah.  I'm having a hard time finding the right words, but to my understanding, the expectation was to be more majestic showing of who the Messiah was.  The concept of a pour carpenter's son, who traveled by foot, and taught peace and patience was unexpected and a little too radical to be believable. 




 Oh no, I agree, there are others, I don't argue that.  But really, I can only speak for myself and the groups I run in.  Collectively, that's not a good representation of what all of us believe. 




 Upvote for the lyrical content and yeah, it certainly changes the mood.  But there's something about this song I can't get behind.  It's not yarling, but it's something in the vocals that kills it for me style wise 




 Cool, thank you.

So I'm completely ignorant on technological issues when it comes to this type of thing.  Step by step, what do I do.  Break it down like I'm 12 




 This guy (Steve Harvey) seriously ruins Christianity for the rest of us. 




 (GRANTED I ONLY HAVE 1 SIDE OF THE STORY, I still felt compelled to share)  I (or a friend of mine) can reinforce his absolute horribleness.  A good, trusted friend of mine is a general contractor in the North Dallas area.  He got called to Steve Harvey's Dallas area home a few years back and nearly walked out on the job.  He claimed that Steve Harvey only communicated through yelling and screaming at people and had the inability to actually communicate anything like an actual adult.  He was screaming at the crew, his wife, and his children the second he walked in the door.  He said that when his children came home, ran in the door to great them, Harvey held his son by the nape of his neck and said I, "I don't even want to speak to your ass until you run up stairs and your home work is done."  Once again, it's a second hand account, but I trust this person fairly well. 




 Is this the same as a factory reset?  I did one of those about 2 weeks after the update and all it did was reset it to when the phone updated to Lollipop, so not an actually factory reset, more like an update reset. 




 I've posted this on /r/android and have gotten no luck.  Ever since the OS update late November, My cell phone has an extremely low amount of memory and isn't able to make or receive phone calls.  I have a minimal amount of photos on my phone, few unnecessary extra apps, and have removed all music and videos.

Here is what I have:
A Google Nexus 5 in good condition, purchased on Amazon.  
T-Mobile pay by the month account.  
I've done the whole sim card swap through T-Mobile.  
Only 2.1 Gig of available space (prior to the update I had a ton of music and photos and still had 12 gig of space left.).  
The ability to stream just about anything using LTE.  
Use of WiFi.  
Ability to make and receive text messages.  

What i don't have
Insurance on the phone (since purchased in full on amazon, learned my lesson there).  
The ability to make and receive phone calls.  

I've been to 3 different T-Mobile stores and no one's been able to help so far.  Does anyone have a definitive solution to this problem??? 




 So I spent about 45 seconds looking for the hidden vulgar message... 




 At least there's the happy ending of Jax and Tara riding off into the sunset. Haha 




 I think this thread really applies to hire the note was written.  The bite served its purpose well, but just sounded like an idiotic threat the way it was written 




 She's batshit crazy 




 Buried in secrets 




 You seem very smart too 




 I can't imagine how bad it's going to hurry to pull those off 




 Who? 




 Forgot to mention, 30/m, I think it'd be fun 




 I'd be interested in Skyping... 




 Still riding the stock 80' with a 4 speed? 




 Interesting.  I'd love to ride that configuration some time just to try it.  Nothing aggressive, I'm a big fella, don't know if I'd want to put my center of gravity that high 




 More so than a springer seat? 




 Fantastic looking bike.  I've always wanted to know, what does the riding position feel like sitting so high on a posted seat? 




 Gew 




 Glad I could help. Merry Christmas (if you celebrate something else, Happy That) 




 http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elizabeth_Montgomery  Depends which husband you're talking about.  Not sure.  Very few men deserve a woman of that caliber though. 




 Agreed.  Not just beautiful but talented and classy.  Bewitched was my mother's favorite show as a child.  On late night Nick at night we would watch reruns when I was little.  Had a crush on her back then, rekindling that admiration now. 









 Been creeping me the F*** out for 24 years 




 I believe the proper term in, "Yowza!" 




 I need that on a t shirt 




 How is this inappropriate for a 31 year old 




 That didn't take long 




 Did I just motorboat Dickbutt? 




 I am excited about that, going to wait a month or for the price to drop 









 Thanks 




 Would be great for /r/creepy 




 Call me ignorant (I know my inbox is going to blow up for saying that) but what does "Ute" stand for? 




 10/10 would hit.  Bikini girl wasn't bad either 




 *Le sigh* oh vista 




 So, did his amp go up to 11? 




 Maybe, at least they got a little cash and food from craft services for the month or so during filming.  At best, a permanent job skill and connections. 









 Plus, just because TM gets sold doesn't mean he'd lose his job, plenty of businesses get sold with little or no staffing changes 




 I find it interesting (I really do, no judgment passed) that many people who posted on this thread who hate their children never wanted them.  It seems that the child did not much more than be a child, the parent hates them because they never wanted to be a parent in the first place.  It really has little to do with anything the child has done. 




 Where's the Tim Horton's? 




 Any idea at all who the model is? 




 Needs to be on /r/beer 




 I was very much hoping it was a jot dog from Portillo's 




 Agreed.  I've known 3 true 1%ers.  He fits the bill.  I'm so glad his character held true through the whole series.  Props to KS for writing his character true through the whole series.  And even more so to Emilio Rivera for executing him so well 




 Good catch, you're right.  I completely forgot.  So he didn't give up his only son, but still has one son killed to make things even. 




 Glad I'm not the only one who remembers 




 Wow, going through the most recent events  in my life.  EAP is so correct 




 Half Sack, "Hey look!  Its an old fat boy on an old fat boy.....  Sorry"

Juice, "Gemma knows every truth, behind every secret, inside of every lie.  She is the gate keeper" 




 So that's what I missed.  Made the same mistake.  Got a 96% and couldn't figure it what it was 




 It was happy, you were right, which member want in the original 9? 




 The Men of Meg have a boobs to ass ratio requirement, and sorry, but you didn't make the cut 




 This makes me very proud, I can't wait to move back home next week 




 Yeah, I know what you mean, I hate it when my owner sticks her ass in my face too 




 We actually sat and talked for about 5 minutes.  I asked politely for a photo once he was done eating.  After that he asked where I was from/going.  We were in his restaurant and he pretty much asked me a customer service satisfaction survey 









 Keep going, stay strong 




 I was really bummed when the gig cut off right before the second guy gets clocked with the bat.  You see it coming. 




 Eh....  I try to avoid Instagram, cheating ex gf is a sociopath and make my life hell through it, even if I block she'll put up a new profile on their just to find me.  Its a Shane too, I was funding some awesome motorcycle parts through @chopperswapper 




 I wouldn't be surprised if some how spoilers for next weeks episode show up through my scrolling on Tinder 




 That's the exact reason I went on media black out when I got home from work, no Facebook, twitter, reddit, any online articles.  




 My only regret is that I can only up vote this statement once 




 I second that.  I also ride. 70% of your stoping power is in your front break which is our right hand lever 




 When he said he was calling it in and she, in short, said she wouldn't go quietly, I was hoping for an epic suicide by cop scenario where Jax watched from a safe distance, they make eye contact, and he nods once as to say, "Now is the time".  Gemma opens fire and 7 or 8 state troopers take her down in a blaze of glory, as Jax watches from his bike. 




 Go out by Lake Lavon in Collin County, thats the best riding I've found so far.  
 If you want to make a half day trip out to see a pretty bad ass landmark, go to the Baker Hotel in Mineral Wells TX.  The ride is just okay, but the experience of playing around and taking pictures at a nearly 100 year old, abandoned haunted hotel is worth the ride. 









