 Reuptake is saturable: a finite amount of glucose can be taken back up at a time. The amount of glucose in the blood in the absence of insulin exceeds the amount that transporters can move per unit time. Thus, out goes the glucose...and out goes water with it, for that matter. 




 I'm a vascular physiologists, so know that my response is definitely from that perspective - and not from the neuroscience perspective. That being said, my guess is that the cause of dehydration-induced headaches is two-fold:

(1) Dehydration decreases blood volume, which causes blood vessels in the body to constrict to maintain blood pressure at a high enough level to properly deliver oxygen/nutrients to your organs. This includes vessels in your head (outside of the skull), which might lead to headache.

(2) Your brain will do anything and everything to maintain blood flow to it, even at the expense of the rest of your body. So, when a drop blood volume also lowers blood pressure, the vessels in your brain do the opposite from the rest of the body: they dilate. Cerebral vessel dilation has also been attributed to development of "throbbing" headaches.

On a side note - exactly how vascular changes cause the headache is still debated, since it seems that both vasodilation and vasoconstriction result in head pain. Somewhere along the line, these vascular changes activate pain-sensing nerve fibers, but several mechanisms for that activation have been hypothesized. We're trying to figure it out, I promise. (c:

--

Sources: [PubMed Central] (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/?term=vascular+causes%20of%20headache), your home for free full-text science articles. 




 It seems like Tim Hunt is not the only person to say wholly irrational, sensational and unfounded statements after winning the Nobel: [James Watson](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/fury-at-dna-pioneers-theory-africans-are-less-intelligent-than-westerners-394898.html), for example? 




 As far as benefits go, I think that's constantly evolving - take the paper in question, for example. There are thousands of papers citing the benefits of caffeine in everything from gallstones to Parkinson's disease. Most all of this, however is correlation and not causal relationships...it's still unclear (in my opinion) the link between caffeine and all these other maladies. I think the benefits readily accepted right now are the ability of caffeine to increase alertness and act as a vasodilator; t's also used for some very specific airway disorders. But this is balanced against the diuretic effects, the dependence potential, the increase in heart rate, headache, and the jittery feelings people get. As with most anything, though, the dangers go up as the dose goes up. 




