




 Damn. It's amazing how little technical information about how it works there is about it. It's almost like they are hiding something. 












































 In regards to privacy there are two disappointing things about Apple:

1) that Apple was "suddenly" added to PRISM after Steve Jobs died. It's still not clear what PRISM exactly is and what kind of cooperation it needs from companies, but it does look that Steve Jobs was opposed to it and Tim Cook agreed to it. It's too much of a coincidence for the NSA to have gotten "PRISM access to Apple" right when Tim Cook became its CEO, even if you believe PRISM is just another NSA hacking program, and didn't require the companies' cooperation.

2) Even worse, Apple agreed to share Mac OS X/iOS zero-days with the DHS/NSA just so the government would start implementing Apple Pay for federal services - I mean what a sell-out! I refuse to believe they did it only because "they care about cybersecurity". Giving the NSA zerodays post-Snowden would mean either Apple is still incredibly naive, or stupid. Of course the NSA would use those Apple bugs offensively now. Seems like such a betrayal of its users. 



















 Calling it an SSD is confusing. It's internal flash. Also devices like the Galaxy S6 are now starting to use the much faster (in write speed especially) UFS 2.0 standard, which microSD cards don't yet support and probably won't support for a while.

Also we may finally see F2FS supported in Android N (maybe even M, but seems unlikely) but that would only work with the internal storage. It most likely won't work with microSD cards if you still want them to work on Windows.

Microsoft will likely still be assholes about it and won't support F2FS in Windows, only so they can rent-seek Android OEMs for billions of dollars a year for the FAT32 patents - Excuse my anger, but it really pisses me off that Microsoft has the nerve to charge royalty just so devices can work with their own OS. Imagine if Google and Samsung charged accessory makers for making accessories that work with Android phones. 




 I sure hope they do, especially with Project Vault coming along. It would be silly to not be able to use Vault with a Nexus device. Wouldn't they need to test it on one of their own devices anyway? 






















































 What in "fake companies" don't you understand?

They weren't legitimate businesses. And if they were essentially "FBI contractors", then I'm okay to having them outed. It's even worse that the FBI hires 3rd parties to spy on people than if they did it themselves, because now you have 3rd parties having access to that information as well. And stingrays can collect conversations from *millions* of people. 




 It would've needed to support the Vulkan API out of the gate to get "console-like" low-level performance anyway. But considering this is for 2016, it could've probably been supported (by whoever would provide the GPU for the console).

A Tegra X2 or something similar would offer Xbox One-like performance and Nintendo could sell it for $150 (obviously subsidized by games, like all the major consoles are). 




 Not cool. 



















 It's the Russians spying on us! 

No, it's the Chinese!

Oh, it's just our own FBI. Carry on, then! 





























 I'd be surprised if they announced they didn't support it. 
























 [Who?](https://freakoffandom.files.wordpress.com/2014/02/gog_9.png) 




 Bad Idea (tm). 




 Just stick with 7. 


































 Yes. Unfortunately, unlike say Google, the carriers have completely immunity for what they give to the NSA (thanks to a law passed around 2005 I think). So they are much more likely to "cooperate" with the NSA, whatever that means - even if it's *against* the law (remember they have immunity...).

So having the carriers keep it really isn't *significantly* better. 

















































 You know how I can already "abuse" that? By keeping my Wi-Fi/4G off while I use apps that don't need the Internet for anything but to show ads.

Why doesn't *everyone* do that with apps then? Because it's too much of a hassle. Just as allowing users to block ads through the Internet permission setting would be. 




 This is so you don't disable the Internet permission to block ads. 




 For the developer, not the user. I certainly don't consider analytics as a "feature" that needs to be forced upon users. At the very least make it opt-out. Not mandatory. 














 It's been obvious Erdogan is a dictator for some time. 




 Can we use other example than "child porn"? We often criticize the government for using the "child porn" argument to pass new draconic laws, yet here we are using "child porn" as the "worst possible example" to make a point about something. 




 The same thing used to be true with WP in the past. People saw animations loading for 2 seconds in-between actions and were thinking "wow, WP is *fast*", when what they really meant is WP is "smooth". 




 And 90% of it will be back on Tuesday thanks to the USA Freedom Act. 'Murrica! 





























  Sen. Dan Coats pretty much says that the American public is not being spied upon and that would require a conspiracy of people who would keep their mouths shut about it...

Lol, yeah...kind of like the NSA? 


































 Maybe if we're talking about something like [E-CAT](http://www.extremetech.com/extreme/191754-cold-fusion-reactor-verified-by-third-party-researchers-seems-to-have-1-million-times-the-energy-density-of-gasoline]). Then I would agree. If we're talking about even "truck-sized reactors" like what Lockheed is planning or even bigger than that - then no. 




 These kind of stories are kind of hit pieces. I mean they aren't really *false*, just disingenuous. Renewables and such technology *should* get subsidies, at least for the first decade or so, and until fossil fuel stops get subsidies, too. 

Until fossil fuels continue to get subsidies you can't say it's "not fair" that renewable stuff gets subsidies. If we're talking what would happen in an *ideal* world is renewables not getting any subsidies, but fossil fuels getting *taxed* extra for the damage they cause to the planet (suffice to say no subsidies either for them). 




 Not with that attitude. I don't think Android will fail because Samsung gave up on it. Samsung will take the road of Nokia if it gives up Android. 




 It just means Google needs to have access to those drivers, the way Windows does. Windows works on thousands of different hardware configurations, too (think about all the keyboards, mice, HDDs, SSDs, CPUs, GPUs, monitors, motherboards and so on). 




 That is the price everyone pays when they buy a laptop with Windows installed. Thats why I'm so glad to live in a country where Microsoft doesn't force OEMs to put Windows on all notebooks, and you can actually buy notebooks without Windows. 




 It seems to sit somewhere between Google's normal products and "Google X" products.

If regular products take around 2 years to get to mainstream users, Google X take about 10 years, then ATAP probably take around 5 years. 




 Really looking forward to Project Vault. Cheap Hardware Secure Modules for everyone? Sign me up! 




 Whatever the government understands by "cybersecurity" it sure doesn't seem to be what everyone else understands by it. 












































 NSA. 




 Shhhh! 




 Obviously we can't know *right now*, since it's not out yet. We'll know for sure when M is out and then we can probably easily check for it against Whatsapp or even TextSecure, and see if Google Now "knows" what you're talking about.

The reason I said "likely" is because Google Now probably reads the data *from the screen*, and last I checked TextSecure or virtually all apps didn't encrypt the data as it's displayed on the screen. If that's how Google does it then it *should* be able to read the data for all apps, regardless of their encrypted at rest or through the network.

Also, as the above comment mentions developers *actually have to opt-out of it* through that flag, which also implies it can read all apps' data. 




 Not the OS, Google's central servers a.k.a the NSA (once it hacks those servers).

The issue is that instead of having "decentralized spying" (on each app), they can just hack the one service that "spies" on all the other apps from your phone. 




 Still scary that it's essentially *opt-out*. How many Android developers will know to use that? How many users will be aware that the apps they are using don't have that flag enabled?

The developers actually have to be pro-actively aware of the assist API even though their app might have nothing to do with it otherwise, and then know to set that flag. 




 I'm sure that has played a big reason, but I think another one was security. SD cards aren't very secure in general. And you also couldn't (really) use them to store apps before, and many OEMs tended to add like 512-2GB of internal storage in their phones in the earlier years, and then add a microSD slot and tell you that you have "up to 32GB of extra storage". Maybe Google was trying to promote bigger amounts of internal storage over the microSD slot cop-out from some OEMs.

Either way, I think they mentioned that for Android M you can "adopt" SD cards as internal storage (probably in a secure way), so we might see Google advocate the use of SD cards again. Who knows, the next Nexus devices might even feature SD card slots. 
























 http://ipfs.io/ is another interesting project. 














 But drastically reduce their *bandwidth* costs, which I'm sure is the (much) bigger cost. Storage is cheap. 



















 I'm pretty sure they booted it before, too. 




 Yes, but as usually is the case with Google, it will happen several years after the "right time to do it", and they'll probably have to catch up with Apple, Microsoft, etc on that front, even though they could've *led* in that. 




 Talk here:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpbWQbkl8_g feature=youtu.be t=2851 




 I bet Oculus wishes it was acquired by Google rather than Facebook riiight about now. 




 Google Now on top makes Google collect all the data from all those apps, including private messages. 




 I really don't understand why Google imposed the 16MP cap. Just because *most* high-end phones are capped at that right now? So what? Camera resolution increases like every year at the high-end. Will they announce a 20MP bump next year? Why not just do it now? Or just say "full resolution" and be done with it. It's just a weird decision considering it would've probably had a *minor* impact on Google's storage load, but it would've been so great if people didn't have to think about that limitation.

It's also disappointing they can't store raw. 




 In English I assume. 


































 They *could* make the argument that it's not their fault. It's not that different from self-driving cars, which are autonomous. Who goes to prison if a self-driving car kills someone? 




 Really? With the current government that the US has and with the virtually unaccountable spy agencies? You think there will be a "strict oversight" for who gets killed by the robots? 




 The machine can kill many more and it's tireless.

It's the same argument of targeted spying vs mass automated spying.

By the way, mass automated spying is very ineffective at catching terrorists, because there are [too many false positives](https://www.schneier.com/essays/archives/2005/03/why_data_mining_wont.html) - just like there would be with automated killing machines. Except in their cases, "false positives" means killing orders of magnitude more innocents than guilty. 




 Algorithms are more like "processes" than "orders". In a war the orders can change very quickly. You won't be able to change the algorithms with a very high accuracy quickly.

Going to war with an algorithm is like going into the war following Sun Tzu's book and expecting to win. 




 You really believe "Strong AI" wouldn't be controlled, at least in the first few decades by the government? I mean in the sense that the government will still modify its programs to "think a certain way" or obey it.

It's unlikely the strong AI will be "No, Obama! You're stupid...that human doesn't deserve to be killed!"

Come on, I know this is r/futurology but let's not be *too* naive. 




 What are the "right parameters" anyway? Are they decided based on phone metadata like it's decided now? (the humans just pull the trigger). 




 Except, you know..."national security" and "classified".

To how many documents from CIA's drone kills can you get access now?

My guess is the CIA will start using such autonomous robots to kill people at least a few years before it becomes public. 






































































































































 You never go full ~~retard~~ Orwell! 




 Not very clear at all. Google is being super cryptic about *how it actually works*.

Even the "it creates a virtual card number" thing may not be *exactly* like Apple's, because Google Wallet used to create "virtual numbers" too. But there's no way to know because there are no real details on it. Google is being very annoying, both with the keynote and even more so with this blog post, where this sort of details should exist. 




 KitKat+ (with PIN, probably). M+ (fingerprint, PIN). 





























 Yeah, call the cops they said. They will help you, they said:

http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/05/28/man-calls-suicide-line-police-kill-him.html 




 They are completely shameless about it. They don't even care about the public's opinion anymore. 





























 You're thinking of it from the perspective of them always doing everything right and *just this one time* making this "mistake" which seems dumb and shouldn't have happened.

Except that's not how it works. It's more like they almost *always* gather evidence through less than legal means and then either do or don't use parallel construction before they present it in Court, depending on whether they think the judge will catch on or not. 

From that perspective, and if they have say a 95% success rate in doing that, it doesn't seem quite as dumb, because the reward/risk ratio is very high. Plus, they get used to doing things the "easy way".

It's basically why they also prefer using Stingrays without warrants all the time, too, and even trick judges into thinking the devices aren't nearly as intrusive as they are, when needed. 
























 With iris technology that can already identify you from [40 feet away](http://news.discovery.com/tech/gear-and-gadgets/iris-scanner-identifies-a-person-40-feet-away-150410.htm), we should expect the government has "our irises" already and therefore it's not a safe technology for authenticating to mobile devices or services.

At least fingerprints (especially ultrasonic 3D ones) are a little harder to collect from online photos or from everywhere you've been. Faces/irises should be much easier to collect from online photos and public/airport cameras. 







































 So ugh, this is a very complex issue so I suggest everyone reads the article before they make up their minds. It's a great article.

Ultimately, you know a law is bad when it doesn't apply equally to everyone. I always like to say that if it doesn't apply to those in power as well (or the rich), then the law *should not exist*. Take the drug laws. They always seem to affect the poorest of the people the most, yet actors or other rich people get to go to "stress clinics" when caught. If drugs are so terrible they need harsh punishments then why don't they apply equally to everyone?

But returning to this issue, this treaty not only *allows* the NSA (and the rest of the Five Eyes nations) to keep buying zero-days from those same "evil hackers" the the treaty is meant to stop, but it actually *forces* good security researchers to share their zero-days exploits with the NSA (kind of how [Apple](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/post-politics/wp/2015/02/12/obama-to-sign-executive-order-on-cybersecurity-threats/) has agreed to do recently voluntarily and how Microsoft has been doing it for a [long time](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2013-06-14/u-s-agencies-said-to-swap-data-with-thousands-of-firms)), so the NSA can exploit them themselves. So from the get-go the treaty is a *farce*.

Also, here's another strong argument for why this shouldn't pass. It wants to stop hackers from selling exploits to China but give them to the US, right? That creates a terrible incentive for the US in terms of (actual) cyber-security. 

The US already barely cares about "cyber-security", despite its claims and chest-beating that it does. What it really means is it cares about passing new surveillance laws and new ways to hack people's computers. That's not cyber-security.

But as long as China and others keep attacking your bad security defense, it will have no choice but to *start caring* about security defense as well. And it has already started doing that lately, by starting to switch all federal websites to HTTPS for instance.

Now, if this treaty passes, then the US will feel once again too comfortable for its own good in terms of security defense. Not only that, but now that the US would get to have many more zero-days in its arsenal than "rival nations", or even most of those in the 41 Wassenaar nations, since only the Five Eyes seem to be exempt from it, then it will *want* most software to keep remaining vulnerable.

So despite the theoretical "good" that this treaty could do, we already know it will only make NSA spying and hacking much worse. That's reason enough to oppose this. 




 Kind of like the graphene announcements.

I kid. 




 Call them: https://www.fight215.org/ 




 Is the new Go client also compatible with Go 1.5, or do you plan to do that in the future? (to be able to use a Go compiler as well). 














 Many people, especially in poorer countries are getting *first* familiarized with Android and may not even know what Windows is until many years later (if ever). It would be very smart of Google to take advantage of that by "upselling" them to Android laptops, too with an interface that makes sense for the desktop of course. 

Too many people think that Android has to look *just like on the phone* on the desktop - and then they inevitably think "Android on desktop would suck!". That's not true. The interface can (and should) be optimized for the desktop. 

Android on the desktop may not be as "feature rich" as Windows, but if people like Chrome OS, then Android on the destop could be "Chrome OS on steroids". 

Also, Android should have another *major* advantage over Windows: touch optimized apps. If people are first introduced to "touch apps", then they will want to use touch apps *in all situations*. Android laptops would make that a very natural progression. 









 So Israel doesn't want to recognize Palestine as a state because of US involvement not because of Netanyahu? Yeah, that makes sense. 









