 Chasing Life.

Super cheesy ABC Family show, but it's actually pretty good. I've been marathonning the first season all day and was excited to hear there's a second one premiering in a couple months. 




 A shorter list would be what movies DON'T make me cry.

Most recently it was The Imitation Game. I think the movie that has made me cry the longest and hardest is The Cove. 

I also cry every time I watch Sleepless in the Seattle when Tom Hanks says "we'd better go" and Meg Ryan is like "aw man, he isn't into me" and then he says "shall we?" and holds out his hand. 




 I think she's more like an assistant to Nick Fury, which explains why she's there. 

Every time she speaks, though, I cringe.  




 Because the poster and the trailer made it out to be your typical romcom.

It was a really great movie though, so well written and acted.  




 I wouldn't call it absolutely horrible, but I much prefer No Country for Old Men the movie vs. the book by Cormac McCarthy. 




 Michael Moore seems like kind of a dbag in real life, but his movies always reel me in.

Sicko and Bowling for Columbine stick out as the best ones for me.  




 The Mist 




 Agreed. I still remember feeling just complete and utter shock. I stared at the screen with my jaw dropped well into the credits. 

I don't think anything could ever top that one. 




 The Family Stone.  




 This is one of only a few trailers I go back every few months and watch like four times. I still have that version of Creep and listen to it all the time. 

And I still remember experiencing the trailer in the theater for the first time. The theater was at capacity but also quiet and it seemed like everyone collectively sighed when it was over. 




 There's Something Wrong With Aunt Diane 




 So I'm the assistant manager in a tier 4 store. I guess this also means I am the sales manager? Fine.

This is how my day is supposed to go...

Check in with GM. Check numbers (kiosk, ESP, tech, digital receipts, rewards pen, solution builder, daily sales, VIBE, market basket, ink attachment, paper attachment, paper to ink attachment), meet with all associates about all of these numbers, attempt to improve them 10 fold, work all the freight by myself with a little help from whatever associate is there (not many because there are only 7 in the whole store), shoot pull lists for the entire store, work them until they are completely finished, file them, provide platinum customer service, sell the shit out of everything even though we have nothing, shadow cashiers to make sure they aren't fucking up digital receipts, tell cashiers what part of the signature experience they weren't following, hold rally meetings to discuss goals and how we aren't even close to meeting them, make the store look amazing, do banking, settle tills, check the updated numbers, email all the numbers, babysit closing cashier to make sure they did something other than stand around, walk store, clock out, lock doors, go home, stress out about numbers and how I'm probably going to lose my job because my store can't sell ESP or tech for shit, toss and turn for a while, eventually fall asleep.

Do all of this and cover copy center breaks and lunches and possibly even cashiers' breaks and lunches, depending on the day. And intake computers because I only have one tech. 

Wake up and do it all over again.

Just... I don't really know what to do. It's too much. My head is going to explode from all the pointlessness. Yet... I care. I've been with Staples three years, been almost every position, but I think I might have reached my breaking point. 




 I think it really depends on your SSM and GM. My store has some absolute shit tech sales, so I say bring in whatever you can, but technically all existing computers should be brought in under diagnosis and repair. 

I installed Office on a computer the other day. Was I going to charge this person $160 + the install SKU? Hell no. For any security issue I probably would, though. 

So far I've told three people, two with viruses, how much the whole thing costs. Every single one looked at me like I was insane. It's rough, especially when you live in the poor part of town. 




