 Was done in paint I think.  




 Haha I used to do this is the living room with my pillow while my mum was on the phone to my nan.  




 Karl, come on now, are you a doctor? Are you a doctor? 














 Hold me close and tie me down, Sir.  




 Yeah, and we'll just send some over. Shouldn't be too hard to sort out.

"Reg, do you remember how to send positioning? Hart needs some." 




 As soon as their signature is on the paper, Pardew calls them  into his office, "You better fucking speak English or I'll bang you out you cunt. Now fuck off out of here and practice walloping it in the net.  




 Haha yeah, died. 




 Bishop to... ah fuck it, just take him off the board.  




 "I'm not going to sleep with you, I just met you."

Shit, she's doesn't want my penis. What kind of man am I? Mustn't be creepy, keep it cool. "Erm, sorry but I think you should know that... this is actually the only chance you'll get... with me I mean, so... erm, sorry about that..." Shit, that was pathetic, she's just looking around now, gotta be more dominant, show her who's boss, yeah that'll do it, give off that abundance vibe,  "Oi, Frigid, put your knickers back on and fuck off if you're going to play cocktease... tart."  




 Top sourcery 




 And he's just social-engineered you into acting a fool when you could have avoided it, had you known about social engineering.  




 You don't have to be funny all the time. I had this problem, always trying to think of a joke. It meant that interactions with people I like sometimes became awkward, or I was stuck in my head thinking of what to say next. 

You don't need to crack a joke every time you speak. Relax your mind, roll with the conversation, focus on what the other person is actually saying and keep the conversation going with leading questions.  You'll find that opportunities for witticisms will present themselves.  




 How do you pronounce 'based'?

Is it like 'he was based in Seattle', or like 'bastard' said differently (bah-sed)?

I've never listened to Lil B so what does based god mean.  




 Joe Pesci as main chararcter.  




 TL;DR: Friend had mole, Peeps would troll, Threats on the doc, Surgery, Mole stop. 

My friend had a mole on his face that he wanted removing. After 'Austin Powers: Goldmember' came out in 2002, people everywhere would point at his mole and say "...Moley, moley, mole." Strangers on the train, people outside the clubs, a taxi driver, his school friends. He used to get in fights about it on a Saturday. Some fella in the kebab shop, havin' it large with the lads. Gets a bit cocky waiting for his chips. Jumps up from his chair and spins to look at his crew. They all look up at him and he starts to point across the room at the mole, dancing a little jig towards my friend with his finger outstretched. More people start to look. Conversations stop. Silence in the kebab shop. One of the kebab dudes actually turned off the spinning meat cooker. Everyones looking at the pointing guy then he announces, "Minstrel." The roof blows off the kebab shop (yet to be found) and my friend has an unwanted nickname for the rest of his life. He said his mole wasn't as big as a Minstrel. 

He got sick of the harassment so went to the doctor to get it removed. They said it wasn't dangerous, "we'll put you on the list." He asked them how long the list is. They said it was two years. He left the Doctor's surgery, mole intact, and tried to ignore the receptionist, who had taken the time to find the 'Goldmember' mole clip on YouTube and was now showing it to that dentist from the adjacent building.

He decided enough was enough and marched back into the doctor's office and explained that the mole was giving him hell and if they didn't operate immediately, he was going to whip it off himself. He maintains he would've. The doctor fast-tracked him to a senior surgeon and they had it off within the hour.

Now he's just a bloke with a scar on his face.  




 Chances are he'll be in a high-security wing away from people that want to kill him. Unless the screws turn a blind eye to child abusers.  




 Thanks for playing.  




 Upvote for effort  




 Tits 




 and we mixed our cement in a pelican 




 Strawpedo 




 Yeah, I love looking at stuff on the Internet. 




 It's time somebody paid up 




 That was an incredible explanation, thank you. I didn't understand some previous posts about the shadows, but you have really helped me to visualise what's happening here. I just gained a dimension. 




 I'm not trying to fix you over the internet or anything, but have you ever tried to get through a whole night with the closet open? 




 
[Drake - Old Money](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPFt8TIx9_c) 




 It's good. I'm a huge fan of Drake's love songs and his RnB edge, so I loved the emotional ride he took us on through Take Care. NWTS has some strong melodies and his rapping is solid. 

I'm glad that there was no Lil Wayne appearance, I'm sick of hearing him every time I listen to Drake.

I just hoped there would be more soulful singing, but I guess this is just the refinement of his sound. 

Edit: Accidentally a word 




 Good idea. 

Hey, u/wedidthis, do you want to help me dispose of this dead hooker by digging the hole or holding the torch? 




 Those dudes just socially engineered you into apologising.  




 Thank you. Internet kisses x 




 Dude, this is crazy 




 explain please :) 




 Yes, and cyanide kills you by inhibiting those ATP things.  




 This sounds very interesting, I hope someone can shed some light on it for you!  




 Yes, and it's agreed.  




 That is pathetic.  




