 A "bardbarian", if you will. 




 A paladin named Might. Absolutely uncompromisingly good, to the point of wanting to redeem evil instead of destroy it. 

When the evil wizard summoned a pack of rust monsters to eat the metal supports of a dam near a small town, he rode valiantly to face them. After all his weapons and armor were eaten away, he continued punching the beasts in the face. They swarmed him, and pinned him down. Before they were able to subdue him, he grabbed hold of them and leapt from the top of the dam, saving the town at the cost of his own life.

There is a statue dedicated to him in the small town, and an entire tribe of goblins who honor him by being devout worshipers of Tyr. 




 I think it looks really good. I haven't had a chance to play/run it yet, but I have it downloaded to my tablet, and I'm sure I'll get to it eventually. 

I'm more likely to use a couple parts from it to run a space opera game using D D5e, though. 

As for that other version, it's probably the best thing to come out of D D4e. It still plays like 4e (unless you tear it apart, which I do if I run it), so I don't ever choose to play it over something else. 




 Some are definitely better than others. I would even say that there are very few that are genuinely more effective than not using one. I think having them is great, and I actually enjoy tournaments that have tier requirements, though they definitely favor people who are already playing one of those good tier lists. 

When I first started playing Warmachine, I would always play tiered lists as high as I could. I don't even know why, I just sort of thought that anything less was slacking. Now I pretty much never play tier lists unless I'm trying something crazy (Darius Field Tests t4), or if it's a requirement at a tournament.  




 I don't understand what you mean. I'm not even being a smart ass, I legitimately don't know what you are saying.

This is what I think you are saying:

"I want to smash down doors and kill everything with a big ax.

I make an old crippled wizard.

I attempt to smash doors and wield a big ax." 




 Not looking up rules during the game is one of the great improvements of 5e over other editions. The only time I really wish I had digital tools/books for it is character creation. 




 Think of the things you want to do in the game. 

~~Make a character that is good at those things.~~ 

Do those things.

edited: There, is that better? 




 I was just thinking, it'd be cool if this gave some suggestions for Warnouns within the different factions based on the answers. This would be especially helpful for highlighting casters in low percentage factions that don't normally fit the typical play style. 




 This is actually really cool. I mean, I own an army for almost every faction, and I can just change my army to fit my preference of the day, but for someone who doesn't know much about the game, who is looking for one faction to start with, this is actually really neat.

Thank you for making it. 




 I actually just ran a session of IKRPG today. It's my go-to game for rules heavy fast and deadly combat. 

There are a couple things that really make the system stand out for me (not to mention the amazing setting). One is the 2d6 dice method. It's a fairly predictable distribution, which allows players to reliably strategize, and the smaller range means that bonuses actually mean something. Someone who is strong will be able to reliably make strength based checks. 

Another thing is the two career set up. Even if you only were picking one career there are tons of choices. Having two choices *multiplies* that. When you add in the choices for race and archetype, you can really have a ridiculous variety of character combinations.

I also think feat points help it give the players a great deal of narrative control that is common in more rules light games.

Possibly the biggest draw for me is the fast combat. It's not just one thing, but a big part is that "hit points" don't inflate as you progress. You can get better armor and increase your stats to have more hit boxes, but it never gets to the point where you are just chewing through hundreds of hit points by trading blows back and forth. Street thugs with guns are always going to be dangerous. 

For Unleashed, I'm super excited to have access to Hordes races and careers. Like the first books, there are a few things I have to homebrew to fix, and that's a bit annoying, but it's not enough to make me not be excited about what's there (the biggest complaint I have is no rules for ranged based warlocks).  




 pain in the ass

Assembling is my least favorite part of the hobby. Painting, basing, and playing are all good, but I just dislike the assembly. 




 You'll need a drill of some kind (I use a dremel, but also [pin vices](https://www.wonderlandmodels.com/media/managed/large/ppv2237-d.jpg) work, and they are good for pinning). 

Neodymium 3 x 1.5mm magnets are what I use, and you can get them in ridiculous bulk on ebay for cheap (I got 200 for about $10 shipped). 

And then glue. Cyanoacrylate (super glue) works fine for me. 

Something you are going to want to be mindful of is poles. When you glue the magnet to one piece, make sure you know what side to glue to the other piece. A trick I use is to put the piece with the magnet already attached into a small thin plastic bag (usually the kind the parts of the mini came in). Drop the other magnet over the first one, and then stick the other piece with glue in the hole on top.

Good luck and have fun (though magnetizing is a p.i.t.a. to me).  




 Honestly, I've been trying to find that video for several days now, and I can't seem to find it. If I do I'll post a link here. 




 The thing is, it's easier to get good results with model paint than it is to get the same results with craft acrylics. I use both, but I doctor up my craft acrylics quite a bit (and they still aren't as nice as using my model paints), and the results come out pretty decent. 

The main difference between, say, vallejo and craft paint is that the pigment in the vallejo paints is ground down much finer than in the craft paint, and so is less likely to be clumpy or chalky and obscure detail. You also get better coverage easier with better paints (craft paints thinned down take many many coats to achieve the same vibrant color as just a few coats of model paint).

All that said, if it's your first mini, you probably won't even notice. Your first couple models will be kinda bad, but you will probably learn quick enough that you could not waste too much model paint. 

Another note, craft paint is totally fine for things like terrain projects, so if you are going to be doing that anyway, might as well start with craft paint on minis, and then just use it for terrain after you upgrade to model paints.

*edit: There was a video I saw before that showed the same color, in both craft acrylic and model paint, side by side on a flat surface, and the difference is incredible. On a figure, the difference is less obvious (still obvious, but less so). 




 You could go the wargame route and use a measuring tape. 




 There is Gumshoe. I can't think of many others though, at least not that are specifically designed for that. Definitely not many though. 




 Ha ha, awesome. Fanatic Pastafarians. 




 I've never played Hackmaster before, but now I want to. 

I understand people that want to play something specific, but I don't think I've ever had as much fun as I have when I've randomly generated my character. 

I would probably add rolling randomly for race and class too, leaving gender the only choosable option. 




 [Welcome to Fun Town.](http://www.reapermini.com/FigureFinder) 




 Correct. You can run games using nothing more than the Unleashed book.  




 Well, it's a stand-alone expansion to the Iron Kingdoms roleplaying game (the first book is now commonly reffered to as IK: Full Metal Fantasy to distinguish the two). 

There is a subredit devoted to it: /r/ikrpg

On the official site, [all the books available for it](http://privateerpress.com/iron-kingdoms/core-products), [free downloadable resources](http://privateerpress.com/iron-kingdoms/downloads), and [official forums](http://privateerpressforums.com/forumdisplay.php?43-Iron-Kingdoms-Roleplaying-Game).

[Here's](http://ikrpg.info/) another useful site.

[Pretty good excel character generator here](https://miniarmyhugetimesink.wordpress.com/2012/10/12/skis-ikrpg-character-generator-pretty-much-does-the-heavy-lifting-for-you-check-it-out/), though I doubt it's updated for Unleashed yet.

Let me know if you are looking for anything else.

**edit:** [Here](http://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/146332/Iron-Kingdoms-Unleashed-An-Introduction-to-Savagery) is a free starter adventure for IK:Unleashed. 

A bit more general stuff: Iron Kingdoms is a steampunk fantasy setting that started as an adventure/setting for 3rd edition D D, then it became a wargame (Warmachine/Hordes), and then it became it's own rpg. 

Unleashed focuses on the "wild" parts of the world, with druids, trolls, gatorman, etc. Iron Kindoms: Unleashed is to Hordes as Iron Kingdoms: Full Metal Fantasy is to Warmachine. 

It's a pretty rules heavy game, but of the rules heavy games out there, it has some of the fastest combats. This is mostly because combat is very deadly, and rarely lasts more than a few rounds. Character creation is also pretty quick, and uses a two-class (called "careers") system that gives a lot of flexibility to players. It does not focus on making "balanced" characters in the way of making them all equally useful at everything. Instead, the only form of balance between careers is that they all get to have something cool.  




 Uh, what kind of information are you looking for? 




 Well, it's better than hiding the railroading under the guise of an encounter that has only one possible outcome. At least my suggestion lets you get back to actually playing the game again rather quickly.
 




 Just say it happens. No need to come up with mechanics for it. If you put it in an "encounter" they will think they have a chance of stopping it. 




 Honestly, it doesn't matter what you pick because in order for it to work, you'll have to "cut scene" it to make it happen the way you planned. There's no point in saying "You have to do this.", just say it happens and move on. Otherwise someone will say they do something else, and then you'll have to tell them no, and you'll just be wasting everyone's time. 




 One thing, you've already written the ending. Most players are going to go against your ending, and if they can't, they'll be pretty disappointed. I wouldn't do it unless you know your players don't mind railroading, or you tell them upfront. 

You're not going to see a good solution because it's not really a good plan. Think about playing a video game. If you got to the end, and there was no real option except to die, wouldn't you be pissed? Plus, good luck getting all the players to do the same thing. Half might be willing to sacrifice themselves, but the rest probably won't. 

I'm not saying it's not possible for it to fun, I'm just saying you are already making it hard on yourself. 




 The Spellfire Wielder feat from Magic of Faerun (I think) might be close to what you are looking for.  




 Antimagic or *Antimagic*? 

I mean, someone who cancels out magic, or someone who kills magic users? 




 Buy it and scan it yourself. At the moment, that's the only legal option. 




 This looks exactly like the case that the old World of Warcraft TCG came in, probably cleaned out with a custom cover paper.

*edit: [Yup, totally is.](http://imgur.com/a/K9OdF) I happen to have one sitting next to me. 




 Blush sounds like a class in a pulp-noir game or something to me.  




 No, that is a dragon. 




 I don't know. I think it's doubly funny that you only called out 'eyeliner', and I can just imagine you thinking about the Blush and Concealer classes (actually super cool names for rogues though). 




 I'm terrible at picking factions, that's why I pick them all. The only factions I don't really care for are Retribution and Skorne, and it has nothing to do with how they play; it's purely on their aesthetics (anime and trunkless elephants aren't my thing). 

Trolls are great. If you are worried about it being too straightforward, try out Jarl Skuld for faster hit-and-run style, or Gunnbjorn for a shooty troll force. We can do beast heavy with Doomshaper or Calandra, and can do the stereotypical melee brick with just about anyone (but especially Grissel). Most of the factions have the same kind of flexibility, and just "flavor" it differently.

The thing that makes trolls trolls is that even when they are doing something else, they are tough. A good Gunnbjorn list is nearly as shooty as a typical Cygnar list, but they are going to be harder to take out since absolutely everyone has tough.  




 You keep saying "flexible/adaptable". The only factions in this game that don't really fit that bill are the minion factions and Cephalyx. 

You can run melee heavy Cygnar, jack heavy Khador, hit and run trolls; it's just not typical in the faction, and there are less warcasters designed to do it well. That doesn't mean there are none though.  




 [This one](http://www.reapermini.com/FigureFinder#detail/60147) seems like it might be a decent fit. 




 I think [Horrorclix](http://www.miniaturemarket.com/collectible-miniatures/horrorclix.html) might have what you are looking for. I bought a bunch of them before, and though you might want to re-base them, they are pretty decent minis. 




 Wrong sub, mate. 




 Give them out as party favors at birthday parties. 




 I'd help, but I don't know anything about Pathfinder. 

[This](http://paizo.com/products/btpy7z7f?Dungeon-Issue-99-with-Polyhedron-158) might be something to check out though. 




 I couldn't help but think of [my favorite TV show](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcGSP4ucEc0). 




