 Can you please add the Seabrook Star? 









 Was the best part of filming Joe Dirt working with Kid Rock, or inspiring millions? 









 How has the success of Gone Girl affected your writing habits? Has anything changed now that you don't have to be concerned with your finances? 




 Hey Romanski how proud are you being from NH? Probably my greatest achievement. 




 Ernest Cline's Ready Player One.  




 Junot Diaz 



















 I've always attended the interactive sessions, so I can't speak to the music. That being said there seems to be a give and take with the popularity of these festivals. They are becoming larger and more intricate, which takes away from the grass roots feel of the whole thing, but also moves them towards bigger acts and more legitimacy. 

Plus even at interactive the music is still killer. 














 Clay, I'll be attending your talk with Emily Parker this evening at the New America Foundation. How do you know Mrs. Parker and what are your thoughts on the possible balkanization of the Internet? 









 I have a Lenova laptop, plugged into a Lenova docking station, which is hooked up to a Dell monitor (VGA to VGA). I recently picked up a Lenova monitor. I would like to use the docking station to have dual monitors, but the only other port is a DVI-D and the monitor has a VGA port. 

I ordered an adapter (VGA to DVI-D) and it didn't work. I did some trouble-shooting, and both monitors, chords, and ports work. This leads me to believe that it's the adapter's fault, but before I order a new one I'm curious if there's something I'm missing. My IT team tells me that the video card, comp, and docking station support dual-monitors.  




 Depends on experience and writing. Do you have any writing samples? 




 I'm in the process of rolling out a new tech-oriented website with a focus on futurism. I would like to hold an open discussion about how technology is effecting out culture; think "the future of optometry in a world of Google Glass" or "Snapchat is mocking your privacy; here's why you don't care." I'm open to most topics, but I"m looking specifically for beat writers to cover drones, wearables, and 3d printing. 

Message me if this is of interest to you and I can share more details.  









 I can't help but feel that open systems are dominating the market right now, and that any desirable closed system is being cannibalized by open source software anyway. More curious than anything else.  









 Congratulations. As someone who works in publishing, this is no small feat. However I have to warn you, the hard part is just beginning.  




