 Cool story, bro. 




 Amen. 




 Cry me a river, Lana, and I'll go swim with the dolphins!

Dolphins don't swim in rivers.

What? Your tears are too good for dolphins? 




 Political commentators fear homosexuals, confined in a barracks, will turn into serial rapists. They then try to spread that fear among the populace  




 Literally *dozens* of thousands! 




 http://imgur.com/cHWcbzC 




 I'm doing what I have to for now, but a full reset means my credit will be irreversibly destroyed.

But I'm going to need to make sure my next place can be paid for by myself, only.

I'd rather be paying all of a $650 rent, compared to hopefully paying $640 out of an $840 rent. 




 Oh, yeah... I'm sure my roommate fornicates himself regularly, though, for some reason he keeps getting pussy... it's maddening.  




 No, not really.

Sure, family is more likely to be helpful. I can crash with my dad if I need a place, and can count on my mom for help... But my roommate has already proven he won't help me if it doesn't benefit him directly, including being more likely to buy drugs than pay the rent.

My coworkers will skive off work, leaving me to deal with it all or work overtime.

My boss doesn't understand that prices and rent have gone up, but at least they'll let me get advances on my paycheck (which basically means I am stuck working for them).

What's worse is that? I can't even drop everything and disappear. 




 The other option was that the team was set up by the Joker... 




 Honestly, if I were needing to keep the police occupied during a crime, getting them confused about their own radio transmissions isn't a bad plan. 




 Not always true. Half the people I know can go fuck themselves.  




 The Bible never says "hate black skinned people", but it certainly supports xenophobia.  




 Then you start noticing how every time they hit each other on the head, they slam their foot down on the mat. 




 None of my family watches NASCAR, but I still knew.  




 How are most rapists men? 

Because men have the equipment, and don't have to use foreign objects if we don't want to?

Because female rapists are underreported?

Because some women lie about rape to get men in trouble? I *hope* that one is rare anyway.

A combination of these factors? 




 Bravely, bold Sir Robin rode forth from Camelot. He was not afraid to die, O, brave Sir Robin! 




 When did/does three come out? Did I miss something? 




 No, it definitely sucks, and I wasn't happy that I had to do it. 




 [](/tavidepressed) okay... 




 I don't know about the first question, but maybe.

As for the rest, it wasn't a full redemption. She had to pay half the room rent each night (give or take) on her own card, but apparently the card they originally used was marked Lost, making it invalid.

I certainly understand the frustration they had, but it wasn't something we could just sit on for an indefinite period of time. I actually gave them longer than I gave the other two declinations. But we were already having to turn people away at that time.

From our standpoint, we easily could have resold the room, waiting until 11pm to cancel, but there would be (and I'm only exaggerating a little here) 100 renters we *could* have taken in instead of the person with the bad card. But our policy is simply that if your payment is not valid, we cancel your room. Because otherwise, we will get people making reservations with bad credit cards because (a) they don't have to wait for a return on the authorization and (b) they can avoid paying a no-show charge if they decide not to come in after all. 




 Shit... I guess I lose my nerd privileges today. 




 You know what, say what you will about the shitty bureaucrats wanting to be assholes, I'm pleased that they opened up for business that quickly. 




 Most of the time, the debt *is* legitimate, even if they screwed up and it wasn't verifiable.

You borrowed the money, ran up the bill, or used a service, and didn't pay for it. You know that you did it, and you don't want to or can not pay.

Because roughly half of the debts bought by debt collectors are not documented properly, especially after it has gone through multiple collection agencies, it is a simple process to *say* you don't recognize it and demand proof. If they give proof, they can't accuse you of lying (many people forget about the doctor visit from 4 years ago) and you can work with them to get back on track, including making a pay to delete arraignment. If they can't give proof, it disappears... 




 Loyalty point redemption. The only monetary payment was the bad credit card. 




 Technically, yes.

If there is no federal law prohibiting it, then it is legal on a federal level, but can still be prohibited by state or municipal law.

For example, most traffic laws do not have parallels in Federal law. 




 They are waiving the flag. That flag doesn't apply anymore.

They aren't waving the flag, though. 




 It's hard to say. It'd be based on whether the churches get enough anti-gay voters riled up. 




 If I were to want to get around those features, couldn't I simply remove the +XXXX information or move around the periods?

I think a Masked email is better. 




 Yeah, but while she did enough damage to solo Titan, she still needed help.

So she didn't solo Titan. 




 Summer weekend in a beach town means a full house.

We went through the arrivals today, as is tradition, and preauthorized the credit cards on file. One of the few reservations to decline was a Brand Loyalty Partial Payment room.

After confirming that we are allowed to cancel, I called the guest and left a message about the room. It was about 8:30, but we were already having to turn people away who wanted to pay properly for the room. I gave them until 9:30 to update their payment, or it will be canceled.

9:30 passes without contact, and I cancel the room as promised. The room is almost immediately rebooked by a new guest.

10:10, we finally get a call back from the guest, a sweet old lady who sadly was brought to tears that I had to give away the room, but she seemed to understand the situation.... Then she called her son, Fezzik.

The conversation was a little too long for a post here, but suffice it to say every sentence out of his mouth was about my incompetence.

I let it slide for a while, telling him what happened. No, sir, we don't attempt the card until the day of arrival because we don't want an issue with voluntary cancellations. No, sir, we can't hold an invalid reservation indefinitely. No, sir, we don't have another room of that type of give. (We only had singles for the multiple days).

Incompetence, incompetence, incompetence. Every answer I gave as to why we can't simply rebook the room as it was an excuse to hide my incompetence.

I finally broke. "Sir, you keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means."

Obviously, that didn't help at all, but it was so satisfying. I calmed down a bit after.

We traded question and answer like this for a good 10 minutes, and I was getting more agitated because I was constantly repeating myself and trying to deal with other phone calls and guests who I could help.

I finally told him flat out, "the only incompetence here is your own. We trusted that you gave us a valid card, we contacted you as soon as we knew it declined, and we gave you time to fix the problem. If you have any *new* questions, I'll try to answer, but otherwise I'm going to hang up now."

As soon as the word incompetence came from his lips again, it didn't take long, I released the call. 




 Yeah, I found that out the hard way. 




 I used to work for Verizon, and while those terms were the justification at that time, +-10 years ago, the reality was that it didn't matter which phone you got (or even if you got a phone at all), or when you cancelled the contract, the ETF was $250.

Our standard practice if you called in during the last month of service was to tell you to wait until the day after the contract expires to cancel  (which usually means we've charged your card for another month and you have to wait to be refunded the difference. 




 I paid to delete a debt, and it never disappeared... they just straight up lied to me. 




 Actually, yes.

You can give them a masked email address, using Blur, and you will get the contact from them with the ability to block them later on. 




 For Junk Debt Buyers, the business is a numbers game. They *know* that most people are not going to pay in full, and many people will either refuse to pay or find a loophole to get out of the debt.

So, they get lax on the paperwork.

The more your debt is, and the more profit it stands to make them, the more likely they will have the appropriate paperwork.

If you owe some company $100, you can probably get it thrown out. 




 That's the thing.

It *is* immoral to use a technicality to void a legitimate debt, but it is also immoral to do many of the practices done by Junk Debt Buyers, like call people 10, 20, 30 times a week. 




 Yes. We are reaching critical mass on stupidity over this stupid flag.  




 No, that is a program on TruTV. 









 Amazon, Wal-Mart, and other stores banning the flag has led to people removing the flag from depictions of the Dukes of Hazzard's General Lee. 




 Plus, workers reportedly have had to work much longer hours than 40 in a week. Assume that they work 60 hours a week, that makes the median hourly pay ~$2.00, *before* they start charging for things like rent, toothpaste, clothes, etc. 




 Foxconn does things like lock workers inside the building, has living quarters on site, everything the workers need to live is sold by the company... It might not *legally* be slavery but...

 You got 15 tons, what do you get? Another day older and a-deeper in debt. 




 And one in a field in Pennsylvania. 




 Um... no. It literally refers to the reddish color of their skin, compared to the white and black skin colors.

And it was originally applied by Native speakers.

Obviously it *became* a racial slur, but just as "nigger" was just a slurred form of "negro" (and thus the origin of the term "slur"), but it has nothing to do with scalping. 




 They could also include coupons for Always with Wings, DVD box sets of the TV show Wings, or gift certificates to Wing Stop. 




 Honestly, if the commercial specifically said "7,000,000 points gets you a jet," then they should have known someone would take it seriously. Many commercials show ridiculous things being done with real products that are being offered.

What they *should* have done is say "Save up enough points, and you might even get a jet!" and then had a remote controlled jet in the catalog. 




 Actually, Red Bull could easily make a promotion where they mail out sets of wings to people who buy their product.

And they could have a lot of fun with it. 10 points could get you a pair of [pilot's wings](http://i126.photobucket.com/albums/p100/lastofthebenders/Private-AC-Misc/DeluxeWings-Sil-600.gif), 100 could get you a set of [water wings](http://swimmingsafari.com/images/uploads/water-wings_48710_3.jpg), and 1000 could get you a pair of [costume wings](http://delicateconstruction.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/bird-costume-3.jpg) 




 It means that if you made an ad that said "You could buy, like, a *million* apples for $20", then you can easily defend that you didn't *literally* mean a million, just a lot of apples.

But if you said "Apples, 3 for $1" then you actually mean 33 cents per apple. 




 [](/wlexcited)Only the greatest live action series from Japan!

[](/sp)

[](/flutterranger) Also known as Power Rangers. 




  inferring inferences 




 Hmph, it's not that I don't *want* to eat you... 




 Wolfram and Hart in Angel had Weyland-Utani as a client. Weyland-Utani made the weapons system in Firefly, and Firefly links with BSG (2003)... The map should have the listings the other direction. 




 http://www.poobala.com/battlestarandfirefly.html 




 They count Morleys cigarettes because they don't really exist.

The theory states that it isn't that shows reuse props, it is that they are real companies, in-universe, and two people using the product will mean they are both in that universe. It is admittedly flimsy, and used to expand the connections as far as possible. 




 He has that backward. Munch was in X-Files. 




 COPS is generally excluded because it is not a fictional show, and uses no fictional characters.

The use of COPS in a show, such as X-Files, is there to imply that X-Files is occurring in the Real World. Including that show would be like saying Family Guy is real, because we watch the news. 




 You have the X-Files one backward, Baltimore Detective John Munch was a character on both St. Elsewhere and X-Files, then he went on to appear in Law   Order and star in SVU. The Sesame Street episode was obviously a joke, so we can throw that out.
 




 Okay. The connection between Star Trek and Seinfeld goes through the John Larroquette Show.

Star Trek and JL both reference the fictional company Yoyodyne (Not necessarily canon). JL crossed over into Frasier (Canon), which crossed into Caroline in the City, to Friends, to Mad about You, to Seinfeld.

Happy Days is only connected to Friends directly through St. Elsewhere, through a very long connection that I won't spell out.

The problem with the theory is in the fact that many of there "crossovers" are really just two completely different shows referencing the exact same fictional company (like the Star Trek example above), and aren't really in the same universe. Plus the fact that some of the crossovers are specifically alternate universes or TV shows within the TV show, or silly non-canon appearences, like the famous John Munch on Sesame Street.

It's an interesting example of how TV shows connect with each other, but it isn't exactly canonized. 




 And they are all in the [mind of an autistic child](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tommy_Westphall#The_Tommy_Westphall_Universe_Hypothesis). 




 I have that book!

It's used for the Big Eyes Small Mouth RPG, but is also a great art book for SM fans. 




 Heck, one only needs to look at the latest few Sentai, Kyoryuger, ToQger, and Ninninger, to see how prevalent the cowboy love goes.

Kyoryuger featured Kyoryujin Western, a gun-slinging giant robot, ToQger has the Sixth Ranger, ToQ-6gou, who wears a duster and wide brimmed hat in his Shadow form, and Ninninger has the Sixth Ranger Starninger, a cowboy/ninja that [transforms with a hamburger](http://www.orendsrange.com/2015/02/shuriken-sentai-ninninger-first-look-on.html?m=1) 




 My phone app just uses the words for the flair.  




 At the same time, if I call a woman a "pussy", I'll have a bad time no matter how I meant it. 




 Sorry, but that is only if you are a fool.

The point was clearly, even without the tags, to juxtapose the slaughter of pigs with the slaughter of Jews, to get people to think about how bad it is to kill another animal.

I don't agree with her assertion. But she is not saying that men are pigs in any way, shape, or form. 




 Yeah, this is just a bad post for here.

She was saying that pigs were being treated like Holocaust victims, not that men are pigs. 




 If you know about computers, but don't want to spend the time building a PC, it isn't terrible.

You can look at and compare specs, and can choose for yourself which is right for you. If you have to ask "which of these PCs will do X?", then you aren't informed anyway.

Ideally, a tech-savvy person will build their own rig, but that isn't always a possibility.  




 Sorry you are getting downvoted, but you can get glitches when using outdated tech.

For example, if your graphics card is underpowered or damaged, you can see graphical artifacts or even outright errors in the rendering. Problems in storage or memory can lead to a level not setting up right, and errors like "falling through the world".

Sometimes it *is* the computer's fault. But if you are having trouble playing Batman: Arkham Knight... Then it's probably the game.  




 Fair enough about targeting, but for most people the yoga Nike commercial is cringeworthy.

Like the fact that they never show an actual identifiable Nike product. Those yoga suits could have been any brand at all, and we'd never know. 




 And this time, he'd be right.  




 Ironically, it is one passage that *should* be taken literally. 




 Funny, I though that it meant more simply "Man will be the Serpent's mortal enemy".

Genesis, after all, was a myth, not unlike the Greek mythology, and they wanted to explain why we hate snakes and why they attack people.

Because, "snakes have poison, and are very protective" isn't reason enough for us to hate each other. 




 Yeah, the people that came up with that myth were going by things like changes in skin color after the disembodied head was slapped.

You would certainly feel the pain of the axe, but not for very long. 




 Honestly, because of the fact this app can't access play data of most games, it will be next to impossible to police.

On the other hand, the payout can be automated to not require mediation. The two players come back to the app, and it simply asks "who lost?" The loser presses that button, releasing the funds.

If they have a game in progress (neither player presses that they lost) for a certain period of time after the end of the game, then the game is simply cancelled, and both players are refunded. The game gets marked as abandoned, and used as a player ranking (using a percentage of completed games).

If you see someone with a low completion ranking, you decline to take their bets. 




 Of course you wish to be paid for your work, that is always important, but you shouldn't ignore the power of borrowed books for growing an audience.

When I read that one book, the author initially earned no money off of me beyond my friend's purchase. I ended up buying 10 books of his.

Kindle Lending Library and Kindle Unlimited have a unique situation where they can pay you for every borrowed book, giving you an income while potentially growing your fanbase.

I can't decide for you if it is right for you. It is always your decision. But the factors should look beyond the bottom line. 




 Any sort of call that refuses to give basic information gets the business from me.

If it is important enough that they have to speak to my manager at 8 in the morning (my boss isn't available until at least 10), they can let me know the basics. 




 Oh! You mean on the PC... 




 Like many good writing prompts, I went a little off-topic.

http://wrongmlpletters.blogspot.com/2015/06/let-your-pony-flag-fly.html 




 The joke is that he is using a pushpin to attach the condom to the board... leaving a hole in it. 




 What was wrong with the Diablo 3 launch? I didn't get into it until after the PS4 launch. 




 By feminazi, he means feminists who wish to kill or subjugate all men... frankly, this guy is a conspiratard. 




 No, i mean how this girl's nude photos taken while she was underage were posted...

We know that the subverse was banned. We know basically why it was banned. The only question that requires "proof" is whether *this girl* was the one being posted.

You're right, without that proof, she could be lying about her "involvement" in the situation. But that subverse was banned because of naked children. 




 It is a valid argument, for one simple reason.

If you try and stop me from commenting because I *could* post a link to child porn, then you are in the wrong.

If you try and stop me from commenting because I *actually* post a link to child porn, then you are taking a correct action.

Removing free speech and expression because of a hypothetical is never appropriate.

How does this factor into your question?

You postulated that they only removed your link, and the subverse that it was posted on, because of what it means to their bottom line, and not because of any moral reason. And again, I ask... Isn't that enough?

If they start banning people for *moral* reasons, then we'll start seeing bans of unpopular subjects like /v/atheism, /v/christianity, /v/politics, /v/libertarianism, or other subs that one person or another finds objectionable.

By only banning people when it becomes *legally necessary*, they protect persons like yourself while allowing the average, law-abiding user to spout out whatever shit they want. 




 Did I say it wasn't significant?

I don't know how many they had before the exodus, but only about 1/4 of the new users joined the new FPH, based on the sidebar. (~11,000), which certainly indicates that many of the people who left did so because of that controversy.

/v/MeanwhileOnReddit has ~19,000, /v/news has ~21,500, /v/technology has ~20,500... Obviously, there is some overlap, but FPH is a sub that will be drowned out eventually. 




 Is that not enough?

Their goal was to have a place where if you wish to post something morally repugnant, you are allowed to. The one thing you can't do is use the site for illegal purposes, like sharing naked pictures of an underage girl.

If we don't have the freedom to say something horrible, then we don't have freedom to say anything. 




 Yes and no. I heard about Voat after reading about on of those subreddit bans, but I was never a part of that group.

With over 45,000 accounts, it's unlikely that most of them were on FPH 




 Almond or Vanilla Extract in sauces, along with an almost random mix of spices.

My goal is to make it so I can not smell the sauce while it cooks. 




 This is a fair enough answer. Yes, the initial userbase was people that left Reddit for one controversy or another and to avoid bans against subreddits. This means that many horrible places will pop up early on.

There is a growing number of new users there that come over out of curiosity, and don't condone the actions of... certain subs. 




 Voat is to Reddit as Raddit was to Digg.

The only question we have left is whether Voat will completely supplant Reddit, or if it is too similar and not enough people move over. 




 It should be noted that because of incidents like this, Voat has banned /v/jailbait 




 Past me cleaned out present me's bank account thanks to a shitty friend.  




 In all seriousness, I might use this idea... I have a blog that I let flounder, with wrong versions of My Little Pony write to their princesses...

I could start using/making up news stories for them to write about. 




 Borrowing gets you fans.

Selling gets you customers.

I started reading the third book of the Phase series, Juxtaposition, from a friend, and liked it so much I went out and bought the rest.

If your work is good, having a free sample is the *best* advertising. It's the reason Barnes and Noble is set up like a huge reading room. 




 Here I thought the point of writing was to have your book read. 




 Yeah, well blxlk u, too! 




 At least Watch_Dogs isn't doing this shit.

You want a different take on GTA with some puzzles thrown in, and it's your game.

Otherwise, you might not like it, and that's okay. 




 I would assume they lose more money by calling their user base idiots than they stand to make by selling shit to idiots. 




 I deleted after the Beta.

I liked the game, kind of. Just not enough to pay for it. 




 Question

I heard a rumor that they were making people rebuy the $80 bundle, even if they owned the game, and what you get for that is like 3 emotes...

What all do you actually get? 




 Right next to the Jolly Ranchers. 




 This is a good point.

If you need him for anything else, counter offer for the 20% he wants, with the previously paid wages being an advance on that. (Ironically, if the game doesn't do well, he could end up owing you.)

If you don't need him, make copies of all previous communication, including the fact that he was working as a contractor for you, and is not entitled to a percentage.

Either way, terminate your relationship with him as soon as possible.  




 I agree with you.

All we can be sure about is that any significant other of Marlene was not in the Order. 




 That's the beauty of it.

Everyone else is *just an adventurer* there to help you if you need it. You are the Chosen Hero. That's why nothing anyone else does has a lasting effect on your game.

And they say there are others, but for the most part, you are the hero. It allows you to immerse yourself more easily than if you are just a small cog in a machine.  




 James and Lily were married for over a year, as were the Longbottoms.

If (and I emphasize the if) Marlene was born a McKinnon, and married in the incredibly short time between the picture being taken and her death, it stands to reason that her marriage might not have been common knowledge.

If she was already married to a non-Order member, then she wasn't a McKinnon in school. (Yes, she technically could have been one, but the odds of such a pairing are incredibly low, even in a close community like the Wizarding World).

If she was never married at all, then the family that was killed was likely her parents.

But, the Order itself was a very tight group. It is highly unlikely that a wife would be in the Order without her husband (Moody goes through a number of couples in the photograph), so the assumption is that she is not married, since a husband was never married.

Now, there is another possibility that hasn't been mentioned yet...

Marlene may have been gay. We know that Rowling intended for some characters to be homosexual, and an unmarried woman in a fighting position may not have married because one woman can not marry another (We never see such a marriage at least.). In this scenario, Moody would have respected her as a person and comrade-in-arms, but not been comfortable talking about such matters with others.

Which one is right? Only JK Rowling knows for sure.  




 That, my friend, is the $100,000 question. 




 And it will be stupid.

Gloriously stupid. 




 Corpus Christi - The Water Street Bar and Grill and Oyster Bar. 




 The passage where Moody shows off the picture, he calls her "Marlene McKinnon" and then states that she died 2 weeks after the picture was taken.

Even if she was born a McKinnon, and married in between those two events, she would have been remembered as Marlene McKinnon.

If she was born a McKinnon, then she almost certainly died unmarried, and her parents and siblings were killed with her. 




 Here is the part that will blow your mind...

Unless there was additional info in Pottermore, the books never mention her husband by name. Marlene was standing alone in the picture of the Order. If her husband was the McKinnon, she could have been named *anything* during school. If she was named McKinnon, it is likely that she wasn't married, and the family that died included her parents and siblings. 




 I think the problem that these authors have is the fact that we don't know a lot about the people that went to school with the Marauders.

So, authors latch onto any little detail they can find and figure out a way to include it.

Lily's best friend in Hogwarts, at the very beginning, was almost certainly Severus. They knew each other before school for years, and were all but destined to be together... until they were Sorted.

With Lily in a different House, she would have made new friends with her fellow First Years, and quickly gained a closeness associated with "best friends", but she didn't drop Severus until he called her a Mudblood.

Assuming Marlene was the same year and House as her, she could have been one of her closest female friends, explaining why she cried when she heard the news, but it wasn't the same level of closeness that she once had with Severus or grew to have with the Marauders.

Thus, Lily's best friend was Severus, and when that friendship died she eventually latched onto the Marauders directly, becoming close enough with them to trust Wormtail and Sirius with her protection just as much as James did. 




 He had an intelligent pet monkey. 




 The Tidal goes in, the Tidal goes out. You can't explain that. 




 I just wanted to say to Mr. Z, that I am completely sorry for this news[,](http://www.nelson-haha.com/) as I always hoped that this service would be so much better than Spotify and other services that dare to cater to the average user. 




 Seriously. Having emotes is a cute thing and all, but not worth $80. 




 Three emotes?

He wants you to buy the whole new game... for 3 emotes? 




 I'll get the popcorn, because you'll be dead before paramedics arrive.  




 Rule one of self defense, avoid the fight whenever possible.  




 Maybe, but at the same time, freedom is something that should only be taken away with good reason.

The question should not be "Why do you need that?" It should be "Why can't I have it?"

 I want to built a neutron bomb in my backyard...  

Why would you need that?  

 I want one, why can't I have it?

 **Because you'll kill everyone trying to make it!** 




 Actually, I could see an episode where Jerry entertains a complete stranger who just happened to pop in. 




 Because there is nothing that says American Freedom like forcing people to drive a specific car they don't want. 




 Seriously. I had forgotten about that song entirely... and then I read the title, and a wave hits me.

It was a powerful song  




 Time Magazine's worst Man of the Year award... 




 Seriously.

I don't have a problem with them choosing Miles Morales to be the MCU Spider-Man. It would be a *great* way to differentiate the character from the Sony Pictures Spider-Man and Amazing Spider-Man.

I also understand the reasoning behind using Peter Parker for the specific role, because of the back story and the overall effect of him revealing his identity during Civil War.

On the broader sense, if you want to see a new powerful black hero, make a new one (like the new Ms. Marvel). Or take an older one and make him into a more powerful character (like the MCU Falcon). But don't change the race of existing characters and pretending it doesn't change their history. 




 I nominate that to be OP's flair.  




 Yes, but the money has to come from somewhere.

AC makes (let's say) $5,000,000. They take $1,000,000 of that and put it to develop a new AC game. They then take another $1,000,000 and start developing a new IP, like Watch_Dogs, which may or may not profit.

If WD makes enough, they will do the same thing, take some of the profits and make WD2, and some to make a third game. If it doesn't, then they abandon the IP and just work on the third. 




 Good luck on your work. 




 But we are talking about 15 ships equaling all car emissions in the world. Even if Hummers combined was a significant portion of the car side, it would be peanuts compared to the ship emissions.

Cutting the ship emissions by 5% would do better than cutting Hummer emissions by 50%.

Obviously, the headline is ignoring that it is different kinds of emissions, I understand that, and my initial joking comment was not meant to address that issue. 




 If they simply return it, let's say they got it in their hands and decided they didn't like it, then it rarely hurts you to allow the refund. You may want to grant only the partial refund to cover your shipping costs (call it a restocking fee), and you can sell it again. 




 Okay. In regards to legality, making a print of a character has a few things you have to watch for.

First and foremost, is transformation. If you are simply copying an iconic Wolverine comic book cover, then you are violating both trademark and copyright laws. You didn't design the piece, you didn't design the character. It isn't yours to sell.

Second, is replicability. The more easily replicated the artwork, the less likely it will be sued over. You try to sell scribbled drawings of Wolverine on paper, and you'll probably be hit with a C D. You make one 10 foot tall sculpture, and you probably will be congratulated by the artist (unless you piss him off).

That leads into the third point, flattery. If you make said sculpture with Wolverine being raped by Kitty Pryde, they'll come onto you like a hobo on a ham sandwich. If the sculpture depicts him in his iconic crouching pose with blades extended, they will look at it more favorably.

Fourth, and maybe the most important, is competitiveness. If you make a comic book featuring their character, then you are potentially cutting into their profits. Changes you make to the character can erroneously be seen as endorsed by the creators, which leads to problems. The aforementioned 10 foot tall statue, on the other hand, doesn't compete with their property. The people that would buy such a thing will probably be buying the legit art, too.

Now then, Etsy is in a strange position. They don't make anything, except the website. However, enough people are on it that they have to tread extra carefully to avoid C D letters from the property owners.

Because of the points I laid out before, most companies are okay with the creation of fan art. They even encourage it. But if too much goes on in a site like Etsy, Marvel may come down on them.

In response to your question, superhero *posters* would be a definite infringement based on competitiveness. If you wish to fight a C D for your work, you would likely lose, due to the fact that Marvel and DC sell their own posters of characters.  




 Okay... refund policies for artwork are a very touchy subject.

You should ensure your product is packed well, giving extra space in case of box damage etc.

If you do that, you can have your refund policy be on a case by case basis. Officially, you list no refunds. Then, if someone contacts you and asks for a refund for a reason you don't think is valid (for example, if they call you a few days after getting the package, saying it was damaged in transit), you can simply say "no refunds". The rare case where they show you that something horrible happened, you can grant an exception.

After all, you are the owner of your "business". 




