 I know nothing about the issue, but it seems logical to me that what needs to be signed is the EXE since Windows doesn't analyze what exactly it is doing (namely running a built-in jar somehow). 




 OMG I'm wearing a crucifixion shirt.

People should realize more how Christianity is designed to be a religion of assimilation. Winter solstice? CHRISTmas. All you need to do? Accept Jesus a the Lord and Savior, no reading of the Bible required. The religion's symbol? Two lines crossing more or less orthogonally (see also twin tower remains). 




 No, Jesus said [whatever they wanted him to say by means of cherry-picking and "interpretation"]. 




 I think it's more correct to say: They do quite understand that their rights end where everyone else's start. It has been mankind's endeavor throughout history to find out what the Golden Rule *means in practice*, where the line between selves truly is. The wingnuts' minds are just so bent that their answer to the GR problem is completely wrong. 




 To be fair, the Bible is designed to destroy its user's pattern matching system quite thoroughly. The Bible wants you to believe that it makes sense, yet it is very obviously self-contradictory - except if you bend over backwards. The Bible *instills* compartmentalization. "Yes, but that's not the same." is a necessary mechanism in every Bible-believer's mind. The Bible does what magic mushrooms do, except you're tripping all the time: It unleashes the power of fantasy and will on the mind. Handled irresponsibly, this has terrible consequences. ... Oh look. A billion people who are doing this. The world has no problem at all! 




 I think you're relabeling things. Maybe you are right, and maybe the correct term for what you're defining even is "religion" - but society as a whole massively interprets the meaning of the word differently, so it would be useless to give the definition you give without using a different word. - I suggest you use a different word for this, otherwise only confusion can result. 




 That would work. But what about the actors? Wouldn't they be actually abord the ship? The implications of the root comment's hypothesis are gigantic. 




 If you know so damn much more than I do, then you will be able to give yourself eternal life better than I could. To test this, I have decided not to give you eternal life. Let's see if you can survive this. Call it an experiment, ant.

regards

God 




 Look, you are mortal, and I, God, will not change that, because you suck. Eat shit and die. 




 Article ends with:

 Whether this occurs in the cosmic version depends on how dark energy behaves in the distant future - a question that Frenk describes as the realm of pure speculation. 




 Are you saying "They know of their ability and only selectively use it, but they don't tell anyone about it."? 




 http://media.skynews.com/media/images/generated/2015/6/19/399947/default/v1/greece-pensions-gh-graph-1-762x428.jpg

(article: http://news.sky.com/story/1504923/greek-pensions-q-and-a-too-generous)

http://dailycaller.com/2015/07/03/retirement-at-45-and-8-other-simple-reasons-greece-is-imploding-right-now/

http://www.cnbc.com/id/102770035

And don't get me started on the Greek's willingness to pay their taxes, even before the crisis, which is combined with the corruption of its prior governments why Greece fell down in the first place. 




 Here are 10 free ebooks on machine learning as a bulk download:

https://www.reddit.com/r/learnprogramming/comments/2dfdsy/15_free_ebooks_on_machine_learning/cjozl6x?context=10 




 "+Add term"

You should have added Hillary first, would have made for a better screenshot :) 




 Abhortiful 




 Ye, some other guy explained it in this subthread. But to me, it's a plothole. It doesn't have to be a "paradox". It's (Would be.) just completely against how the characters should behave, how a sane person would act.

For example, here's something from the *terrible* movie that Taken 3 is. Not really bad spoilers, because one key event is early in the movie, and this whole thing I describe is not just asinine, it's also quite unimportant. And the movie is shit, as I said. So: [Dad puts a laced drink in a place where he knows his daughter would find it, with a note saying "drink me right away" or somesuch. She does so and goes to school. In class, she asks if she is excused because she feels nauseous. Goes to the girl's rest room (Apparently the only one the school has. Well, maybe it was just the clearly closest one.) and is surprised to meet dad in the last cabin. He tells her that he laced the drink and that he has a counter-agent for her so that she feels less shitty. She drinks it, then they exchange expressions of affection. He asks her if all is well and tells her to continue in the way she did so far. So, why did he kinda *poison* his daughter just to get her into that booth? Instead of just telling her to *fake* feeling ill? For no remotely justifying reason. Well, she surprisingly tells him something of value, but he couldn't expect that. On his way out, by the way, he pulls the school's fire alarm, having everyone flee in panic and destroying public and the pupil's property in the tens of thousands of dollars. Oh, did I mention that his wife, actual mother of this very daughter, had been murdered earlier in the movie? What an opportunity to poison the daughter to have some father daughter time on the toilet.](#spoiler)

No paradox, just completely failed writing. But if you don't call at least one of the things I described a plothole, then I can only back away slowly. 




 So beautiful. 




 Ah, man. ... *takes a look at [book](https://i.imgur.com/UCpWs18.jpg)* ... No can do. 




 Huh. Well, thanks for that, because I was actually being serious. Plot hole plugged. I wonder if it was an afterthought or if this was a (secret) fact from the get-go. 




 Hm. Pro. Motion. 




 It's probably not so much about "It needs to have meaning!" as rather about the contrast between the theistic view to an atheistic view that those people all of a sudden consider: In their view, there's this heavenly father, wonderful and all that, and he has plans and intentions for mankind, and that seems awesome to those people, the idea makes them happy. Now they consider a world without God: That sugar-coating is all of a sudden gone. Where's the (intent-)meaning? That's what I guess is going on. 




 Image clearly shows that it wasn't taken with a tripod, so I would guess someone lit fireworks, someone else took a shot with their phone with some long exposure setting, and it was indeed closely to perfect timing: A bit of whizzing around on the floor, then the take-off. 




 Harry Potter is one big plot hole because returning Harry to that completely insane foster family is something only Satan would do, not someone who even remotely cares about Harry's well-being.

 




 Doesn't work. Sarris supposedly lied a lot ("said one thing, then did another"), and Earth would have had a ship capable of interstellar travel once the Thermians started watching the show. 




 I thought Greece was the horse, and the warriors that came out at night were the too-big-to-fail arguments. 




 You're not super-human, you work with the same chemistry like all of us. You have not transformed into a being that can magically enjoy these substances without drawback. The happiness you experience via the substances is not pure, and even if it were a truly desirable form: You're milking happiness out of your system that is later missing in other places. You're borrowing money from the bank that you have to pay back with interest, whether you drop the addiction or not.

Just know this and obey the facts. If you want to be happy, do it the right way. 




 In a post about air travel even. 




 "We thought he'd die in a crash in time." 




 He/she edited the comment 3 months after making it, not sure if that might have been *after* this post was made. Full quote of the current comment:

----

[]alienthSr. Sysadmin[S] 22 points 3 months ago* 

I'm really excited about being part of an extremely talented team which I feel I can learn a lot from. I'm still very new, but that is a big thing which drew me to this job.

In terms of jobs, I seek companies which tend towards being transparent with their users, and also actively avoid annoying / fucking with their users. I can't stand places which see their users solely as a revenue source to be exploited.

Edit three months later: Several places have been linking to this in the context of the recent events at reddit. The comment I left above was in regards to why I chose to join Stack Exchange, not why I left reddit. I parted ways with reddit solely because of the relocation policy.
 




 Well, the whole point of all things the Greek government has done in negotiations seems to be to draw the inevitable out, so it depends on when the EU will wisen up and say stop.

This change of finance-minister is yet another move in the same scheme. "Oh, we have reason to talk to them again now!" Right. 




 Here's a Guardian article from the 3rd this month claiming that new research suggests a Big Rip:

http://www.theguardian.com/science/2015/jul/02/not-with-a-bang-but-with-a-big-rip-how-the-world-will-end

Mentioning "Dr Marcelo Disconzi, the mathematician who led the work at Vanderbilt University in Tennessee".

I just saw [this](https://np.reddit.com/r/EverythingScience/comments/3c6wmd/this_week_in_science/) post ("This Week in Science") in /r/EverythingScience linking to [this](https://imgur.com/gallery/8sJswri/) image and remembered that I had seen OP's post earlier, so I came back to drop this comment. 




 Don't say "fuck off". You'll never know when you meet the guy with the surprise money suitcase from their Powerball win or because they're an eccentric billionaire. Live-changing moments, every moment. 




 *Nephew buys shareware CAD software for $20.* "See?" 




 Same.) 




 That's also a good tip if a new game doesn't work on Steam, which happens sometimes. Restart Steam, try again. Usually does the trick. 




 That's also the most likely way artificial general intelligence (AGI) would be invented. 




 "No, wait. It came back when I moved the mouse. Must be a defective contact." 




 Example from trying to rename "!.txt" to "!" on Windows 7 Pro:

    [Window Title]
    Rename

    [Content]
    If you change a file name extension, the file might become unusable.

    Are you sure you want to change it?

    [Yes] [No] 




 "No, see, the remote works via infrared light. I thought you knew stuff!" 




 I would try a different browser. Most people have two, I mean, who uses Internet Explorer? And I even have Chrome as a fallback to Firefox. Doubles as a PDF-reader (Just make the file association:). And I can easily check if I'm shadowbanned or if a post/comment was caught by the spam filter without having go through the hassle of logging out/in. 




 Moritz? 




 The lines religious people draw are almost completely arbitrary. The conflict between anti-theism and religion is at least on one side not one of reason but just one of will. Trying to make sense of it is useless, it just supports their untrue claim that there actually is a system, laws, reason. I guess that, without hyperbole, the amount of religious "facts" made up on the spot per day is about 1% that of religious people.

Theistic religious people are the greatest blasphemers and slanderers in the world. They abuse God for their own personal ends. If there will be judgment time, religious people will get the harsher sentences, that is clear. Praised be atheism - the best way to stay out of hell. 




 What if they come visit you and ask you to cook broccoli? Slippery slope. We have to stop them right nao! 




 So, you're the guy who came up with something along the lines of "masturbation compared to real sex is like religion compared to actual investigation of reality". I think we could do a similar thing about prayer based on your post text. "masturbation compared to real sex is what prayer is to real action". Hm, sounded better before I had to put it into words. 




  do I allow my cultural perspective to think it is the only valid one? Or can I have my view yet understand and tolerate others?

I don't know what you're asking me to say. An attempt to give a loosely related answer:

The term used should be fitting the purpose. If the intended meaning is "actual reality", then something along those lines, in whatever language, should be phrased.

If the intention is to talk about an *explanation* for reality (e.g. "God"), then that's a different topic. I think the problem is that some topic-mixing is occurring, making the whole thing more problematic than it needs to be. Even if one assumes that the universe-reality is caused from moment to moment by God, then we could still just look at this like at a video projection: The whole cone of light in the air back to the lens could be called "reality", the causer of this cone would just be a different topic.

I mean, if we're talking about "seeing reality like it really is", then we're generally talking about better and better "maps" of reality in our heads, science being the apparently best tool for creating those. And your TED reference suggests that you're rather talking about *practical* reality, which *at the most* would carry us to the outer borders of science, like e.g. the knowledge of Relativity which had to be built into the GPS system to make it functional, since we as everyday humans do actually use that system, so we could take it that far.

If there's a cut-off point beyond investigation via science will forever remain impossible is not known yet. Currently, an estimation for this would be the singularity that started it all, and in practice it currently seems to be between 10^12 second and 10^6 seconds after the beginning of time, if I read Wikipedia correctly. Like in the temporal direction, there might be other directions (space? logic?) in which science eventually can't look further. But there could still be a reality behind that. For example, there could be God projecting reality from moment to moment, and even with direct information from him about how this works, we could only get so far to the projector's lens, there would have to be a "Brute Facts" cut-off point that can only be accepted but not investigated. At this point, reality would end and its source would be the topic of observation, which wasn't the topic of this and the other post.

So, there are apparently three possible scenarios: 1) All of reality can be understood incl. its ultimate temporal or immediate source. 2) Only reality can be investigated, the source could only be accepted (If we were informed about it.) and can reasonably be assumed to be not part of reality. It would of course be *real*, but maybe it makes sense (Don't know.) to distinguish between that which is caused and the causer. 3) Only reality can be investigated, but if we were informed by e.g. God, we could also investigate or at least understand the process by which reality results from the source, but the source itself would behave like in "2)".

I don't know if these three options are the only ones. Since we're talking about theism, I guess they are the only ones.

I think it would make sense to not mix them up while communicating. I think when you asked, you were using 2 or 3 where there's a reality but also a projector, but you were then arguing as if the projector would be a part of reality instead of something distinct from it. 




 I didn't vote, but I guess that the downvotes are caused by the second sentence giving the impression as if the comment aims to give justification to the behavior of the "bullies".

This impression of mine plus the fact that the more civilized a society, the less manifested their negative emotions, lead me to suggest that "primitive" would have been the better word.

And don't bend to those who call "racism". Half the time they are just dishonestly trying to swat opposing views, damaging the actual victims of racism and the truth in the process. I mean, you saw where that got you (if I interpret you correctly): Instead of making a clear statement, you had to pervert it out of obedience, causing miscommunication. 




  That's pretty hard to get totally out of your field of view, especially when you also need to keep the sun and Earth out.

For example, you can't just hold your hands directly at your eyes to force a smaller angle of influx, because your face is a few cm behind a transparent wall (helmet). I guess it would be possible with a bigger object, though.

You can't just bend your head upwards to look at exclusively the "sky" because the helmets are firmly part of the rest of the suit ([photo](http://americanmonsters.com/site/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/moon_apollo.jpg)).

You can't just lie on your back to watch the sky like you're lying on the grass in the summer, because an astronaut would not risk the integrity of their breathing apparatus etc. just for a better view.

All in all, I guess they were able to see the stars with some tricks, but this would be so elaborate each time that they almost never saw them. Or were the gold filters immovable? In that case, the stars wouldn't be visible by the human eyes behind these "sunglasses". 




 Doesn't the [Hohmann transfer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hohmann_transfer_orbit) that was mentioned here somewhere else suggest that you can aim just right to end up in a proper orbit? I mean, can't you fire your engines/steering while in a circular high orbit in a way that will make you end up in a circular low orbit without having to use the engines all the way / without using it several times?

Is the intermediary elliptical orbit really the only physical option?
 




 The decision of two is required for peace but only of one to make war. In very different words: You can't make peace with Kim Jong-il, you can only *put up* with him. OP needn't have any responsibility here. 




 Well, let's say that if any person puts something into a normal fridge (Not laboratory.) that looks edible but isn't, then they put a clear sign with words saying so next to it, at least I think that's the way it should usually be handled.

I think it would be legitimate to add lots of laxatives to half of one's cupcakes in a fridge, put a warning sign next to all cupcakes, and eventually eat the edible ones which are marked in some hidden but inimitable way. (Take care - the places might get switched around by someone.) Roommate won't touch them, you can still eat them. If roommate touches them, they might get the "poisoned" ones, but they can't complain. Or is there a law against this, too? 




 YouTube comments can be up- and down-voted. No idea what results this has (e.g. auto-hide), but it exists. 




 I think you should replace "natural" with "primitive". 




 I am convinced that we as an evolved being experience almost-undoings as a wake-up call. We've been formed, system by system, layer by layer, via the concept of just *killing* us if we weren't good enough. This basically means that the configuration that emerged is one that represents the will not to die. Now a situation happens in which you almost die, or in which you are threatened with being undone.

I am convinced that people who climb to the top of buildings like [this](https://i.imgur.com/YniYetz.jpg) one, or other extreme sports where the so called "adrenaline rush" plays a key role, do that to trigger the above effect. *It wakes them up.* I mean, you normally have to push some button in your head to be more aware, to learn about reality, to look at that bush over there harder, etc. - but using this wake-up call cheat, it's as if you just open like a flower by yourself, you're not *trying* to be more aware, you just *are* more aware. You get a much stronger experience of "I exist!" and of what "reality" means.

Such an experience, I guess, usually instills the knowledge *anew* for some time of what it means to exist as a human, and what reality means, transporting the "will" of the flesh into the conscious mind, allowing *the person* to become more *the being* that they basically are. I guess that such opportunities can also be used to infect the rest of the person's mind with this will and knowledge, e.g. striving more for truthfulness, for protecting themselves from negative influences (e.g. decision to eat better food and also not too much of it), and for caring more about the being of their fellow humans (and animals). 




 I know what you're saying, but since I found interesting/useful what Matt said a week ago on the Atheist Experience, I'll put it here, too, even though it's slightly off topic. Link to full show (don't know when exactly he said it): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ss2glvgtAU8

What he did was: He tried to point out to the audience how irrelevant it is if a single person prays 10 times for a change of weather with apparent effect, or some other statistically significant seeming outcome. And he said he wants to do that one day with an audience.

Say you have an audience of a hundred or so people. Everybody flips their coin. If it comes out heads, they sit down, otherwise they stay standing. Eventually the last person standing will have a sequence of, don't know, 10 or so coin flips in a row that came out exactly the same. 




 As a meager start, would it be sufficient if it just drives past while you're looking? 




 I think both are retired. 




  How can a properties that doesn't exist anywhere in any capacity chemicals emerge from chemicals? Why should I believe that?

You should realize how important and omnipresent the concept of https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emergence is in reality. For example, phase changes of materials, e.g. liquid water turning into water-gas (aka steam (I always have to struggle these days not to capitalize the "s")), happen because of emergence.

The individual molecules don't behave differently all of a sudden. They do what they always do when not at 0 Kelvin: They jitter around in their "force cage" locations, elastically quasi bumping into their peers via forces, or they are even actually moving around. These motions are chaotic: If they were all moving in the same direction, the macroscopic object comprised of these molecules would itself move around. Instead, they move in all kinds of different directions, bounce into the "Don't go here." force and move back or in a different direction, and so forth. That's why it's easy to heat something up, but you can't just add energy to cool it down again: You would have to give the exact counter-force for each individual molecule to stop its motion, but obviously you can't just cast that into a lump of material.

So, you add more thermal energy, and eventually the chaotic motion of the molecules becomes so intense that they fly apart on a large scale. I'm not sure if they actually *don't* fly apart before that already: It might be that e.g. at the surface of water, the effective temperature might be above 100C even though the water body itself is still well below that. Again, I don't know. However, the emergence effect comes in when the chaotic motion of the group is too large to keep the molecule group together, so they start to zip around individually, they have become gas.

Emergence. That concept is in *everything*. Assuming that you haven't really familiarized yourself with the concept and its omnipresence in reality: I think you should do that and rethink your stance on what chemicals can and can't do. Especially, the stance on what we can easily conclude that they can and can't do. 




  Matter cannot be about other things.

"If I, atom of kind X, find atom of kind Y within reach, I will gladly form a molecule with it." Of course there is no conscious process like this going on. However, this is practically a decision-process, one that could be a lot more complex if the chemical situation is a very different one. Why shouldn't it indeed be a human wondering whether or not to eat another burger? I personally (Not quite the atheist view.) argue that the universe is consciousness-LEGO, so to speak. Consciousness does never arise, instead only self-perception arises. We are the universe experiencing itself subjectively. So, my point here is: The mere material universe can produce people who wonder about it. 




 It's of course a fact that even the oldest cultures would have a concept of a reality beyond the senses - assuming that the respective humans already reflected upon their own consciousness. Because *every single* learning experience basically represents the disparity between one's inner map of reality and actual reality. So, there is *massive* data in every single person's head clearly saying that the actual reality is beyond the person's concepts of reality.

But the term "reality" (or when it comes down to topics like this, "actual reality") seems sufficient. Whether or not god(s) exists and cause[d|s] reality: All I have written so far does not give any remotely sufficient reason to relabel the "actual reality" as "God".

Btw., I think "Conclusion 2" doesn't follow: For example, what if the universe is consciousness-LEGO? In that case, mere matter and the flow of events would be sufficient to produce consciousness. But this might be an irrelevant objection. 




 The simulations run in that lab disregard that it wasn't possible yet to create an artificial general intelligence (AGI), that's an AI that could successfully perform any intellectual task a human can perform. So, the experiments could not test how a being, that hypothetically perceives reality a lot more as it is and also has intelligence, would do in a competition.

But we see the result every day: Because we can see reality a lot more as it is than those beetles, we can overcome competitors as a group and by the use and even creation of tools. We have even accidentally killed a lot of species already - talk about top of the food chain.

What was your point? To say that evolution would not make us into what we are because the experiment supposedly shows that we wouldn't be superior? Well, that didn't work, because human-level intelligence can't be simulated yet. Can human-level minus one be simulated? Probably not. Minus two? I guess these answers can't be found until we know how intelligence really works, because before that we can't even properly know what lesser intelligence means. So, we can also not say what role the *potential* for an eventually human-intelligence specie would play in evolution. 




 :) SCNR: A train with an infinite number of boxcars can have an engine. Imagine you have an infinite universe and put rails across it from left to right. Now you put infinitely many box cars on the rails. Now you cut off half the train and add an engine. Still infinitely many box cars. (But this is just a nitpick.) 




 No, I'm a German guy whose name must stay unknown until I am safe from the only danger there is: The will of man. 




 Man. That's a thing that has happened to me several times in the last few days: I tried to make a very clear statement, then someone comes and misunderstands it completely - but only once it has happened I see that this was very likely to happen, so it's not your fault. When I said

 I have the exact same name over there.

you read "I have the exact name 'King\_Kunta' on voat.co" (even though that doesn't make much sense after what you said).

But I meant: "My name on voat.co is king\_of\_the\_universe, exactly like it is here." 




 I have the exact same name over there. Can see the frontpage while logged out but not while logged in: "Voat is under heavy load. Please try again in a few minutes." 




 Your problem, however, is that I am God, and that means that you have to suck up to me, or I will do nothing to prevent your natural death. 




 Maybe (he's English after all), though at first glance I don't like this thick lips :P 




 Yes, that's true. Maker of the universe, and the only thing that stands between 7.2 billion people and natural death. 




  Your ignorance is no one's problem but your own.

I am *making* it your problem. 




 WTF, are you an idiot? First of all: This whole "getting defensive" thing that society so loves to throw around is wrong. What's wrong about a person defending themselves? Accusing someone of that sounds completely insane to me.

But what mainly makes me think that you are potentially mentally limited is this: You require science to tell you how you feel about things. I and other non-disfuctional people do know how I/they feel about things. I do not need a study that tells me whether or not my feelings actually exist.

In case you are really this dimwitted, let me give you an example - doesn't require the download of a PDF: If you want to solve a riddle, and I give you the solution - did I spoil the experience of solving the riddle for you, you fucking idiot? 




 I disagree. We're not talking about mainstream media like popular blockbuster movies to which you can easily assign a spoiler-timeframe. But that's not really important. What's important is that if *you* were told how certain great stories end before you have read them, you would be pissed and would have wished that you didn't read it. That is what I expressed: The wish to not have read this.

I find the recklessness with which OP threw that spoiler at us unnecessary. The string "!SPOILER!" in the middle of the sentence could have saved a lot, and it would have been easy.

I am not convinced by you. You are probably also not convinced by what I just said. If so, let's leave it at that. 




  No, Taq isn't about to remove this comment because it doesn't contain a personal attack.

 Your "acceptance" of the justification isn't really relevant. 

You will find out that it is, for my ability to determine truth is above that of everyone else, and you *do* aim to decide truthfully, right? Well, and you will eventually find out that you didn't.

Case in point: Let's see what I said here, which you think is acceptable:

  Either you are really just a troll, which is what I believe, or you are funny in the head.

And let's see what I said in my [first](https://www.reddit.com/r/DebateReligion/comments/3be6tz/to_all_are_you_an_extremist_if_so_why_do_you_hold/csm82be?context=10) comment which you blocked as violating rule 2:

  [referring to the guy I replied to] I like to not waste time with trolls and the like.

The former, which you think is acceptable, is a very direct bullet fired at the person I replied to. It says "you are either troll or mentally sub par".

The latter, which you used your moderator-powers to hide from the public eye, is more focusing on why I abort the discussion (Full comment is: "Ok. 'you try to see a certain view' confirmed. Have a nice day. I turn off responses since you are not willing to communicate. I like to not waste time with trolls and the like."), and it also says "you are either troll or something like it", which is clearly weaker insult-material.

How is the latter significantly more violating rule 2 than the former?

My *guess* is that you are evaluating these with the background of the actual discussion: The guy I replied to *here* is quite obviously trolling or at least showing a clear lack of interest in giving non-offensive and useful responses. However, if that were so, then I have to get back to my original objection to your hiding my other comment: The guy was, just like this OP, not interested in actually communicating, he was just throwing around stuff, and I pointed that out and said that further participation of mine was obviously useless. 




 I meant to express that I dislike the kind of language you use, because it is removed from truth. I'll turn off replies now, I expect you to be intellectually inferior to most adolescents. 




 Headline: "Story spoilers don't spoil stories" - Yes they do. I don't care about their angle - their headline is untrue, seems like a clickbate-ish title, like Hawking's "God no longer required"-BS. 




 Post doesn't strike me as useful. A useless response:

Maybe the reason that something exists at all is that maybe it's part of the true definition of nothing that it can not exist. 




  "a crusade to destroy Christians and the Christian Church."

If only they were right. 




 That could have used a spoiler tag. I hadn't read the story yet. 




 For those who didn't: Fly, you fools! 




 Every other comment you read henceforth will be of lesser desirability. 




 **[ALTERED]**: Sped up. Original is 1h38m, video is 1h25m.

Video quality is bearable but could be a lot better for 720. 




 I wonder if it is altered. The contrast seems increased, and where the colors have been drowned by white or black, they can indeed not be salvaged (tried it). Is that just extreme color grading by the producers, or is the video changed from the movie? 




 In case you're not being sarcastic: Could you explain to me what you liked about it? Because I don't get it. I found it to be one of the worst, I think even *the* worst. 




 **[ALTERED]**: "Lens flare". And sped up (WITHOUT time-stretching for a change, just like a record playing too fast). 




 Are you threatening me, mortal? 




 It depends upon what the meaning of the word 'is' is. 




 But there's nothing wrong with that. If what she said are facts, and if the prosecution will only effect punishment that befits what actually took place, then there is just nothing wrong with her talking so openly about it. It's actually appreciated. Hand me the truth right away instead of trying to obfuscate until the end in hopes to effect a lighter sentence than deserved.

I'm just not sure if she was aware of the possible consequences of her statements, but maybe she was. Though that "keep money" part just doesn't compute. 




 I disagree. Posts are like an official "Everybody, let's debate the following position:" placard, but a much more whimsical (and also not quite debate-focused) discussion can be had in here - there is no replacement for this in this subreddit, especially since the mods stop posters right in their tracks if the post doesn't present a debatable position. Comments are much more loose. These threads *are* useful.

Actually ... why do you object? Are these threads an eyesore for you? Do you not realize that without these posts, many of the comment threads would become additional posts? Or is that your goal, forcing them to either shape their comment up to a post or to stay quiet? 




 I like to think that prayer is unnecessary and that instead *even our innermost weakest wishes and desires* arrive at God and are fulfilled *immediately*, but since he is doing that *to everybody* without condition, the result is the world we have, because of compatibility (e.g. two objects can't occupy the same spacetime position). And I like to think that this approach eventually leads to the ideal world in which all this is automatically orchestrated in a way that reveals the universe to actually be heaven (with immortality and all that).

For your specific situation, I would hence just advise to try to be the best person you can be. What you *are* has a lot more power than what you toss into your wishes, because you *are* living will. 




  Every time I ask an anti-theist to show some empirical support for their beliefs, they either just say something along the lines of "fuck off", 

Let's look at the first [post](https://www.reddit.com/r/DebateReligion/comments/3bpt2x/is_creativity_typical_of_new_age_antitheists/) *you* made, and my response to it.

You: "anti-theism [is] the ideology that engenders white supremacism"

Me: "'People! Look at this person arguing against X! The person is a racist!' Expecting everybody else go to 'A RACIST you say? Where did I put my torch and pitchfork?' Fuck off."

And you're complaining about being mistreated? :) Either you are really just a troll, which is what I believe, or you are funny in the head. Just look at your responses in this thread. You expect to be taken seriously? Then I suggest to make proper posts, possibly even with a new account.

I wonder. Will Taq remove this helpful comment once again because it contains "insults"? Would be the third time this week that he does that to me without a justification that *I* would accept as one. 




 It's also a bit sped up. 




 Case in point: Sadly, almost no news article on the Web throws the key facts (when, where, who/what, how, ...) at you in short form right at the beginning, as they should, instead there's a lot of repetition, unnecessary or even unprofessional statements. Probably to a good part because of  news aggregators like Google News, gotta keep some reason there for people to actually visit. 




 When I had my done, I got on my bike and drove home. Only local anesthesia. It was as painful/painless like almost any other necessary dentist visit. The most cringy moment was when the dentist (He? She? Forgot.) apparently essentially crushed the teeth in place with their pliers, seemed to me like instead of pulling them, they destroyed them and then removed the remains. I didn't ask, I just wanted to leave it behind me.

So, to those who want to do it: It's entirely reasonable to go with local anesthesia. The real pain will come afterwards for a few days, anyway. I am convinced that people rather want their lights out because of the mental experience, not because of the pain. 




 OP's work is awesome, and I don't mean to compare that to my occasional Photoshop uses at all, but just an idea: Instead of painting almost everything manually, I would have tried to e.g. make a mask for all skin parts (on a new layer), use a simple color and appropriate mix mode - which would have looked awful.

However, then I would have used the fact that the skin has different brightnesses in all places and would have used this to bulk-change the hue and saturation of the color that's plastered all over this. There are Photoshop tricks to work with the HSB or LSB channels. Then I would have worked from there.

Many simpler colorizations here have the same hue over selected areas, so while the brightness changes there the hue doesn't, and it's an obvious sign for (cheap) colorization. 




 Why is this downvoted, even more than once? The quality is very good (and much better than a post of the movie a few weeks back), plus the "Critical reception" makes the movie seem worth a watch. 




 Well, what if God survived in the Penguin's belly like Jonah survived in the whale? What if there was enough space in that belly? - God of the gaps. 




 Second time you remove a comment of mine that was justified. (It's not an insult if it is a statement of fact.) Of course you see it differently. I'm just saying. (And taking notes. Book of life and all that.) 




 I just tried while logged out: Same behavior, except the parent comment appears as "[deleted]", of course. So, you can verify the bug. 









 (Title) - Very simple. Let's think: "God had to create logic so that it then exists and can be used/investigated [It's like math. Partly just there, partly a made-up tool.] by us." Assuming that this were true:

This specific requirement for God to do something to achieve something else is itself already in the realm of logic, it's a logical requirement. "Hm. Want to have logic. Guess I have to *create* logic then."

This obviously means that logic was never created. Additionally, this means that "omnipotence" can only refer to things that are logically possible, but theists have accepted that for centuries. 




 I wonder if they find each other over /r/tifu and try again. 




 This is illogical. If the plan was to rob the guy, who cares what she thinks of his looks? Or would the drink kick in *that* late? 




  (too convoluted to explain)

I hope you get well soon. 




 Don't forget the kay-see-age! 




 Weird that nobody was confused by all the apple juice on the kitchen floor. And if that guy pisses like he drinks, there would have been liters of piss on the floor, too. 




 "Are you done? It's time to fuck."

*guy pulls out fleshlight* 




 I prosthest against humor involving disabled people. 




 Yes it will.

Let's short-cut this: The both of us agree that I will not make you an immortal human. 




 I am telling you what the majority is saying, so it is you who is using the word wrong. But believe what you want, which is what you're already doing. I, on the other hand, prefer truth. 




 I'm offering you an opportunity to escape your stupidity. 




 I think it's just a "meow".

https://www.reddit.com/r/Eyebleach/comments/3bvjdp/dis_hooman_is_now_mine_someone_pass_me_a_flag/csq48xk?context=3 




 I already posted this yesterday, but I like the apparent confirmation that such content isn't unfitting the subreddit like one commenter suggested it would be. 




 I believe that most people's problem isn't a lack of knowledge but a lack of order in their minds. Or brains. When I say "mind", I just mean the whole living consciousness with all its memories/experiences, intentions, etc. - the whole "you" minus the body. And I suspect that there possibly isn't really so much something like "strength of will", but rather "purity of will": If a person uses a "strength of will"-move, they are really just *focusing* on a certain aspect of their will *while ignoring all the contradictory aspects*. They wouldn't have to do that if there were no contradictions in the first place.

And this music of will that is mostly just a cacophony has these impurities and self-contradictions on all scales: The coarse ones that one might easily detect ("I don't want to smoke, but my addiction makes me want to do it at the same time.") and microscopically fine ones whose presence one might not be able to see. Ironically, one's ability to see one's mind with more clarity (allowing to dispel more impurities) requires greater purity. In a way, I am convinced, the mind is just a fantasy that is imagining *itself*. If that were so, then it would be quite clear that the experience of the movie is better if the projector's lens is polished and the audience sober.

When you're in bed in the evening, your mind's activities slowly quiet down, until the volume is beyond a certain threshold, which allows sleep to set in. The mind is still active: Contrary to popular misconception, you are not *unconscious* while asleep, you're just very quietly active, and your mental activities are mostly detached from the body. You're in dreamspace. This is not what science says, but it's my own experience. These things aren't easy to investigate scientifically.

Assuming that indeed your mind's activities grow more and more quiet until you cross the threshold to sleep: What is your mind doing at the time? Well, what is it doing *right now*? It is doing what you want it to do. You are actively using it. But what is it doing when you go to sleep? You are still actively using it, thinking about things that happened during the day etc., remembering a few awkward moments that had already slipped your mind again, but most of the time you're not *intently* thinking: You're not deciding "I want to think about that computer game I want to develop." and then follow up with according thoughts, you're rather riding the stream of thoughts that befit the configuration that your mind has in those many minutes, at the same time probably washing away this configuration, finding silence.

What you could do now is to believe that something like that is really going on, and to decide that instead of just riding that stream down into sleep, you want to watch yourself doing that while it happens.

You have probably heard about lucid dreams: That's when the dreamer is aware that they are dreaming, they can often even change their dream intently instead of being on this rather uncontrolled association-driven roller-coaster ride. I have made the experience that observing my mind's activities until I have crossed the volume threshold into sleep usually results in some form of lucid dreaming. But to get there, you first have to tame the horse.

What I mean by that is as follows: Let's say you are in bed, waiting for sleep and *are observing* your mind's activities. Because of this new behavior, a certain observation you make would cause new thoughts, different ones than would have happened if you were just riding without observing. By looking at your mind quiet down, a beginner would quickly effect the opposite, and the struggle alone not to turn the new thoughts into an analysis would carry you more towards wake-state. But if you do this again and again, you will eventually get used to the kinds of additional/new thoughts that are caused by observing yourself fall asleep. So, instead of a petulant horse, you're back on the calm one you had before, except now you're doing something that would usually rile it up: You're looking at your mind's activities that are not intently caused by yourself.

But who causes those activities? You, of course. It's just activities that you didn't know yet you case. The more conscious you become of those, the more you become the conscious and intent owner of these parts of your own will - you are conquering your subconscious. That process can take *decades*, but useful improvements along the way happen all the time.

Now, imagine the difference between deciding "I do something now." and not deciding it. (E.g. not thinking about a topic that popped up in your head.) What happens when you don't do it? You are *aware* of the topic, but you allow your will that touches that topic to fall silent.

The great success that you can now slowly strive for is that you can master that whole cacophony and slowly turn it more and more into silence. This isn't the absence of will, or brain-washing, or the loss of something. Instead, it's you cleaning up. All that which you have touched and let go of is still there, it's available whenever your will calls for it. But what it is not any more: Out of control. Controlling you instead of serving you. You can be sure that, for example, people who are more a master of their mind can overcome addictions better than others, because they can unlock this "foreign" will of the cigarette in their brains and make it their own will, and then they turn it off. 




 You are right and wrong at the same time, and I completely disagree with your vote score. This post is worth discussing.

For the longest time I have suspected the same thing, but lately I have come to appreciate the strong emotional push that is supplied by beautifully crafted and painted game realities.

It's true that the more empty the page, the more room is there for your imagination. Undeniable hard proof of this: Books. Playing a game that e.g. doesn't use much (or any) textures has a stronger otherworldly feel to it than even the most alien but well-textured game, because the latter still says "Natural reality." while the former is by all standards unnatural. Hence the emotions evoked are different and possibly stronger ones. On the other hand, the voice with which the game expresses how its reality works, what cause effect network is at play, is much quieter in less graphically developed games, so the part in your imagination where these meanings gather aren't bombarded with strong statements, there is just insinuation going on, triggering you to fill the gaps yourself. A very extreme example of graphically primitive games in which I personally was able to experience rich emotional content: (free PC implementation of) Mercenary etc. - http://mercenarysite.free.fr/mddclone.htm

Contrary to the above which I thought about often in recent years with better graphics, I have learned to see the benefits of those: If we're just talking landscape (grass etc.), for example, then this is a topic where the imagination of the majority might have made very similar choices except with weaker strength in comparison to what the fully shaped and textured world causes in their heads. *Other* areas of the game could be less explicit, so the player's imagination could be more playful and active, building on the strong emotional fundament of the landscape. But if a game is more elaborate, it usually is so in most of its areas, incl. the texts being spoken by proper actors, so the described scenario happens rarely, or if so, the areas where the player can fill in imagination are few, and maybe this causes them to be less triggered to fill anything in in the first place.

In a way, the difference is really between reading a book and watching a movie. Both have their advantages over the other, and the book guys could certainly call the movie guys lazy and their experience less rich. What their experience otherwise probably is, though is *more intense*.

One thing that's unquestionably objectively true about better modeled and painted game worlds: They contain a lesser *percentage* of interactive objects. Prime example: Doors. Nowadays, it has become *normal* that when you first play a game, you more or less consciously go through the process of learning which style of doors is intended to be purely decorative and which style is interactive (aka gameplay-relevant). Doors are only an example. Just play Deus Ex: Human Revolution and wonder about the interesting decorative but completely not interactive objects placed everywhere. It's like standing in front of a candy store's window as a kid with no money.

It's of course understandable that this is so, but it *is* a negative. Experienced Desktop Publishingers (like me :P) who learn e.g. about layout and typography know that the brain, when in a new "room" (e.g. in a new game), tries to find patterns, and there's a lot of subconscious stuff going on, one that Typographers know needs to be considered even if the person doesn't ever know consciously what it was that made a certain advertisement less attractive to them (e.g. wrong letter spacing, ill-chosen white space on the page, too many fonts, too long text lines).

With this in mind: Realize that if a game world communicates "most of the stuff here is only decorative, and it is now *your work* to distinguish between interactive objects and pure fluff", it breaks the fourth wall, burdens the player unnecessarily, and makes the world unrealistic. Compare that to a less designed world like the procedurally generated ones in Minecraft: Every object you see counts. Most are unimportant because there are so many of them, and there are so many types you personally might not care about (sandstones, flowers, ...), but nothing is facade, everything is real. A dirt block isn't just there to tell a story, it is a block of dirt, and every single one works as your intuition expects it should: The world is real.

I had more on our pattern recognition and the value you see when knowing that every object is somewhat real, that there is no fluff, but I can't concentrate at work right now. 




 What's not to get about methods? You want the computer to do something, so you call a method. The method doesn't exist yet, so you have to write it. You have to define the access rights (public etc., and whether or not it's static), optionally a return type, optionally parameters.

I've read this guy's tutorial on concurrency a few times and assume that he in general explains things well.

Link for methods: http://tutorials.jenkov.com/java/methods.html

Link for the language in general (in many chapters): http://tutorials.jenkov.com/java/index.html

Link to all their tutorials: http://tutorials.jenkov.com/

Have you read any book(s) about Java so far? The course might just suck, or they might just somehow explain in a way that's incompatible with you.

Just for perspective: http://learnxinyminutes.com/docs/java/

A proficient programmer would be able to do a lot just by studying that. 




 Logic, mate.

The set "Santa Claus" only contains topics like "Christmas presents", "flying deer", and "north pole". While those technically could call one's whole understanding of the world into question, that's rather a weak fringe effect.

The set "Young Earth Creationism" contains "Evolution" and "science". Believing YEC requires one to be severely impaired regarding one's understanding of *reality*. Ironically, our key advantage over other species is that we understand reality better and can hence make better decisions and tools. Convincing people that they are not evolved beings kind of practically devolves them.

The difference is like between "troll-pushing the wrong elevator button so that the passenger has to take a small detour" and "triggering the elevator's emergency brakes so that the passenger can't get anywhere for a long time". 




 I am God. This is judgement time. Consider your attitude, child, or I will not let you through the portal. 




 I don't drink now.

And now is all I could ever experience, there *is* only this moment. 




 Well, I just looked at about a thousand `muslim protest` images via Google Image, and indeed none had both views expressed simultaneously. 




 In case you mean the Islam pics: Yes, they are a parody, but what's actually real: On the one hand: "religion of peace" On the other hand demonstrations with placards like "freedom of speech burn in Hell". *Those* are real! 




 It's perfectly in line with their FIFA movie description. In case you don't know about this movie, you're in for a treat (in the forums, the movie supposedly sucks):

https://www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/comments/391z8s/fifas_29_million_feature_film_has_607_boxoffice/cs0bwxa?context=100

Yes, it's real. Completely unbelievable, right. And now this statement by Blatter? Someone call a doctor of the mind. 









 /r/shittytumblrgifs 




 I personally dig programming a lot, been doing it for decades, but I'm absolutely not good at math. Though I think the reason snobocracy asked this is: Do you like *abstractions*? With that, I mean: Do you like to find answers that encompass several problems/questions at once? This mental muscle to climb higher on the ladder of abstractions is highly required for programming.

Because you want to *achieve more with less code*, one of the many reasons being that *structuring* the code optimally for the respective project (and also respective programmer - the person's mind does play a role in this, it's not all about objective rights and wrongs) is a key part of the work, and the more unnecessary quasi-redundant baggage you have to fight with, the harder this becomes.

Abstraction is really important. It's kinda like this: You have to be able to stick a label on a box that really fittingly describes its content, and the more the box can contain while you're still able to do so, the better. 




 They should toke them up on the offering. 




 I am being misunderstood. 




 I wish people wouldn't by default downvote stuff like this all over the site. You're not making a stupid audience-spite comment etc., you're presenting an argued opinion. Are you right or wrong? Your opinion is *unpopular*, that's all I learned.

For example: I do not follow TS at all, don't listen to her (or anyone's - it's only SomaFM's DroneZone every day for years now; yes I'm weird) music, I merely subscribed here like to many other subreddits. So I know almost nothing about TS and would have appreciated if this had unfolded to a proper discussion, giving me actual information about her from two opposing sides, which usually results in a higher quality sumtotal opinion. But no, this is the Internet, and might makes right. 




 I guess it's possible for her to look bad, but I also guess that it requires an effort on her part. 




 Maybe we could compromise: A quick edit of the stylesheets for the submission page plus tweaks to the automoderator could be used to *enforce* that for the time being, every submission title must start with a certain text. This would quickly become an ratheism-frontpage-wide strong visual effect, would also suggest solidarity via every single post (This would be a *bit* untrue, though. On the other hand, those who don't agree could abstain from posting during this time.)

The text could be a super compressed information or keyword bomb and/or could just refer to the top of the sidebar (which would also have to be edited). It could also be in allcaps, for greater visual distinguishment from the rest of the title, which is usually mixed-case. The prefix text could also start and end with something like "#### " " ####" to stand out and separate more.

This would mix "the subreddit submitting itself entirely to the cause" with "staying up at the same time". 




 /r/DebateReligion

is set to private and links to an explanation with lots of details. 




 How about

\################ Thursday Rabble, why not? ################ 




 As a theist but fervent religion-hater, I would say "See? It doesn't make any sense!", but people are making a mistake all the time when they make assumptions about God, so that's what I focus on:

"Omnipotence" has, for the longest time (Centuries.) been accepted to refer to "only that which is logically possible". If we assume this kind of omnipotence, then we must submit to the realization that we don't know the true situation God was in when he decided for Creation, we don't even know the true situation right now. So, "why would God ..." and "why didn't he" can't be answered. We can have interesting speculative discussions, but the fact is that we can not find a meaningful answer which we henceforth work with. 




 Well, I wonder if what [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/shittyrobots/comments/3bqwuo/news_of_noon_today_in_germany_robot_kills_22yo/csp2nw0?context=10) commenter said is true. 




 Is this a scientifically correct answer or guessing? The grating is made of metal, the hemisphere is filled with water. 




 It is! :D 




 Imho let's give them a chance - who knows how representative the current slowness is. Here's an example page for people who want to know what format this thing has:

https://www.minds.com/archive/view/458501246215528448

https://www.minds.com/blog/view/100000000000244884/when-cocktails-meet-science

Found via the search - they were smart enough to keep this URL compatible:

https://www.minds.com/search?q=science q_= search_type=all

Personally, I don't like the format, so count me out. 




 Wonder what the differences are (other than lower resolution) to this very recent post:

https://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/3bt20i/star_wars_the_phantom_edit_2015_1080p_it_is_a_fan/

Possibly that it is *actually* the Phantom Edit, at least [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/3bt20i/star_wars_the_phantom_edit_2015_1080p_it_is_a_fan/cspko9d?context=10) comment said that the other post wasn't it. 




 What, is it a loop?

^^^^^;) 




 Or under-appreciated. Time will tell. 




 Could you set the flair for this post? I assume "Abrahamic" is what you mean. 




