 Wow this was fast!
Mandatory: I knew this was going on Reddit after seeing it on stream. 




 Or as Snoopeh says, gratz on lvl 19, new mastery point for you! 




 I have a simular glitch: http://img703.imageshack.us/img703/1269/screen03v.png

All drivers are updated, it's been since the last patch. Also, my FPS is lower then it was before, would be around 80 constantly, now it seems capped at 40 with random drops to 20. FPS in client is set to stable, tried others aswell. 




 1. Often our team will be destroyed when an opposing Katarina is fed, I main adc and feel like there's little to nothing I can do to stop that single-handed. Is there anything I can do?

2. In most of my games I win my lane pretty convincingly but after that it feels like it's up to the team wether we win or not because often teammates lose their lane and I'm not good enough to carry by myself. As long as they don't lose, we tend to win but if they lose their I often get dived 1st thing in the teamfight by a 10-kill fed bruiser/assasin and get wrecked before I can deal dps. TLDR: How can I improve in 'carrying' my team more if I won my lane and they lost theirs? 




 Relevant name :) Gratz 




 I no way should he ever gotten a yellow card, this was brilliant. 




 CP forums on the deep web. The way they talk about children and such, so disturbing.. 




 I read the title as 'dad passed out right before..' and was like, what are they making such a big deal about? 




 Wait, wuuuuuut?  




 I think you a word in the title 




 I peed a little 




 Do you adopt by any chance? I'm 21, well-spoken, hardly ever wet myself anymore and I'm easy to maintain! 




 Granted, I main adc and I don't really like him either but you got the whole 'league of draven' culture, he's know to shut down ezreal pretty hard. Then why is he hardly ever picked? Graves get counterpicked vs an ezreal way more often. Is it his lack of a reliable escape? What is it about him or his kit that makes him less viable then others. Thanks!

Tl;Dr: What does Draven need in order to become a vast pick? 




  best chamption ever

Most gay champ ever, FTFY.

Played ranked 5's yesterday where akali got fed and got double penta's. granted, she was playing good but still, wasn't fun for either of the teams basically 




 Thank you kind sir 




 Like the title said, I'm afraid the result will get spoiled if I search for a link in 1 of the threads. Thanks a bunch kind summoners! 

Ps:no need to upvote 




 Ah I see, this has indeed cleared things up a bit, thank you kind sir! 




 Like Late_Night_Grumbler, this is interesting but does not answer the question of why there are so many people downvoting these posts. 




 In that case, aren't you a bit old to be my dad? 




 Care to elaborate? I would love to understand this 




 High elo throws 




 When you think that is bad, try sitting at home watching it with massive lag 




 I ever realised howmany paramadics like to troll fakers. And I'm loving you for it! 




 r/montageparodies anyone? 



















 I would have a hard time not trying to make fun of them while they lie there 'seizing' 




 So what do you tell them when you suspect them of faking it? Just say you don't believe them? 




 This is why I think alot of doctors won't say they think you're faking it, even tough they're 99% sure. In some cases, it can screw them over afterwards for doing a bad job 




 This is hilarious! Good job (both on the prank and your actual job, paramedics/doctors etc deserve more recognition for the work they do for others imo) 




 tl;dr: waffles, chocolate, fries and a shit government 




 That, that and that girl are into you, you're into them. Make a bloody move 




 Would love to hear some opinions about this because I have pulled this trick aswell when I was younger, claiming I was sick to skip school or for whatever reason. The doctor usually came by and always declared me sick for a few days after heaving heard me symptoms and doing a brief check. Now I wonder if they knew I was faking but just played along (they got payed anyhow..) or because it's out of safety 'what if he really is sick, I don't notice it and something bad happens.

Hope this explanation makes sense, english is not my native language. Thanks for the replies!

EDIT: Holy.. Front page, thank you all! 




 Riot pls 




 So you don't want us to look yet you post it on reddit? I'm confused.. 









 Happen to know wich one that is? Thanks 




 As always, expect OP to deliver 




 So euh.. How was she before the accident? 









 Fuck those cross-eyed rice-shitters and everything around them, backwards country, polluting the earth, not giving a shit about the enviroment, other countries, human or animal rights. Disgusting 




 I once was home alone and gaming with my headset on, about 1 am,  volume pretty loud. Suddently tought I heard a noise coming from downstairs but I tought it was nothing (we have 2 cats aswell, they tend to make some noises now and then) but the, after about a minute, heard it again.
So I put off my headset, listened carefully and aboutt 5 seconds later heard glass breaking. My first tought was still, bloody cats, bumping glass off tables. Went downstairs without turning on lights in the hallway and when I get downstairs I can see trought the living room window 2 guys, each with rocks, throwing in the glass kitchen door.
Sneak upstairs while calling the police, telling them very briefly what's going on, taking my dad's katana he keeps next to his bed and go downstairs again. Now they do see me as I enter the living room and flee. Cops then arrived, made a report but were not too happy about me getting the sword and going downstairs again. 
What I can understand, at that moment tough, I was so angry because I envisioned not me (21y old male) but one of my little sisters being home alone and them breaking in that I was enfuriated. Sorry for the wall of text

**TL; DR: Was gaming,heard noises, tought it was cats, turned out to be burglars trying to smash in the kitchen window.** 




 When should this be implemented? Anyone have an idea? Thanks 




 When should this be implemented? Anyone have an idea? Thanks 




 I believe the message in this video is something along the lines of him 'fucking his swag' or something.. 




