 Environmental factors cause an accumulation of reactive molecules known as Reactive Oxygen Species (ROS), thus causing damage to the body's cellular structures. Antioxidants mediate the effects of ROS. Soybean flour increases the production of antioxidants.  




 Thanks! This will be useful for a few people.  




 Here's the full article in PDF
http://libgen.org/scimag/index.php?s=10.1016/j.mce.2015.03.024

This is from someone on /r/AdvancedFitness

I personally have access to the article through other means.  




 Summary of the findings:

- Baseline casein versus baseline soy: increased superoxide dismutase 1, catalase and glutathione reductase activities, 

- Baseline casein versus baseline soy: increased total glutathione and reduced glutathione content, and decreased oxidized glutathione content 

- All the results were more significant from baseline in the normocaloric diet group

- In conclusion, soybean flour mediates Reactive Oxygen Species-induced intracellular damage in nucleic acids, lipids, proteins and hydrocarbons  




 I don't think OP realizes the immense complexity of the question (s)he is asking. Whether senescence can actually be reserved or slowed down via changes in gene expression patterns is the subject of ongoing research. Even a biomedical gerontologist wouldn't be able to fully answer.  




 Well, at the very least, it suggests that not all amino acids are equal, which I'm pretty sure is an already well established fact.  














 Nope, not at all, but whatever happened in the past is irrelevant - the games they're playing right now represent the peak of their teamfighting ability in its current state, it'd just easy to see how they're on a whole other level. Their abilities to initiate, to coordinate both initiating abilities and in general, and their positioning are all on point.  









 This is one of the best play I have ever seen in 6 years. Perhaps on the same level as Faker's Zed play. There are no words to describe how insane that was.  




 No, you need to be at a caloric surplus in order to increase muscular mass, unless you're using an anabolic steroid of course.  




 Mere anecdotal evidence, and irrelevant to the subject at hand.  




 Quote from someone on /r/science:

'Having said all that, what you said is most likely correct - dairy protein is likely more beneficial for muscle growth compared to meat. The main reason is that digesting meat takes time and rapid increases in amino acids seem to be better at maximising muscle growth and protein synthesis rates both at rest and following exercise.
A couple of papers to support what I said, minced beef is more rapidly digested than steak (increased surface area for stomach enzymes to breakdown when it's minced). Protein retention is increased but not protein synthesis at 6 hrs

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23636241

Whey hydroslate, which is more rapidly absorbed than casein, increases protein synthesis to a greater degree and max protein synthesis occurs within 90mins of ingestion

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19589961

I don't know of a direct dairy vs meat comparison in muscle (there most likely is one) but most of the data suggest a rapid increases in amino acids results in greater mTOR activation and thus protein synthesis and potentially muscle mass. Dairy would likely be the better option due to it being digested more rapidly.' 




 Thanks for your input! Very well said.  




 Not specified, but all studies discussed obviously found a significant increase from baseline relatively to CTL group.  




 Fair enough. I agree that the title I chose is too opportunistic. I apologize.  




 Yes, but Ilgf-1 is known to regulate muscle growth via the Ilgf-1-protein kinase B pathway, so IMO it's not too far-stretched to infer that these findings are related to muscle growth.  




 No, but it discusses previous studies that did:

Heaney, R.P., Dowell, M.S., Rafferty, K., Bierman, J., 2000. Bioavailability of the calcium in fortified soy imitation milk, with some observations on method. Am. J. Clin. Nutr. 71, 11661169.

Kerstetter, J.E., OBrien, K.O., Insogna, K.L., 1998. Dietary protein affects intestinal calcium absorption. Am. J. Clin. Nutr. 68, 859865.

Kerstetter, J.E., OBrien, K.O., Insogna, K.L., 2003. Low protein intake: the impact on calcium and bone homeostasis in humans. J. Nutr. 133, 855S861S.

Kerstetter, J.E., OBrien, K.O., Caseria, D.M.,Wall, D.E., Insogna, K.L., 2005. The impact of dietary protein on calcium absorption and kinetic measures of bone turnover in women. J. Clin. Endocrinol. Metab. 90, 2631.

Kerstetter, J.E., Wall, D.E., OBrien, K.O., Caseria, D.M., Insogna, K.L., 2006. Meat and soy protein affect calcium homeostasis in healthywomen. J. Nutr. 136, 18901895.

Lee, Y.S., Noguchi, T., Naito, H., 1980. Phosphopeptides and soluble calcium in the small intestine of rats given a casein diet. Br. J. Nutr. 43, 457467.

 




 It looks at 5 sources of dietary protein: Animal   Vegetable, Casein Phosphopeptide, Dairy, Meat and Animal.  




 Study summary:

- Isoleucine and leucine cause a reduction in serum levels of Insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1)

- Phenylalanine and histidine cause a rise in serum levels of IGF-1

- Milk contains more phenylalanine and less isoleucin than meat products

- Arginine   lysine intake and calcium absorption rate are positively correlated in a low protein diet

- Similarly, phenylalanine and histidine reduce bone loss in a low protein diet, mainly through stimulation of osteoblasts


Important quotes:

- 'There is some evidence to suggest that arginine enhances the action of growth hormone releasing hormone, thereby increasing the secretion of growth hormone from the anterior pituitary  (Ghigo et al., 2001). These data would suggest that dietary supplementation with arginine should increase circulating levels of IGF-1.'

- 'Supplementation with the branched chain amino acids, isoleucine and leucine, caused a reduction in serum levels of [Insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 2 (IGFBP-2)], while the aromatic amino acids, phenylalanine and histidine, increased IGF-1 levels. Milk contains greater amounts of phenylalanine and lower quantities of isoleucine compared to meat products such as beef and chicken (Sosulski and Imafidon, 1990). The amino acid profile of milk may therefore be more conducive to supporting a rise in circulating IGF-1 levels.'
 









 Study summary:

- Isoleucine and leucine cause a reduction in serum levels of Insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1)

- Phenylalanine and histidine cause a rise in serum levels of IGF-1

- Milk contains more phenylalanine and less isoleucin than meat products

- Arginine   lysine intake and calcium absorption rate are positively correlated in a low protein diet

- Similarly, phenylalanine and histidine reduce bone loss in a low protein diet, mainly through stimulation of osteoblasts


Important quotes:

- 'There is some evidence to suggest that arginine enhances the action of growth hormone releasing hormone, thereby increasing the secretion of growth hormone from the anterior pituitary  (Ghigo et al., 2001). These data would suggest that dietary supplementation with arginine should increase circulating levels of IGF-1.'

- 'Supplementation with the branched chain amino acids, isoleucine and leucine, caused a reduction in serum levels of [Insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 2 (IGFBP-2)], while the aromatic amino acids, phenylalanine and histidine, increased IGF-1 levels. Milk contains greater amounts of phenylalanine and lower quantities of isoleucine compared to meat products such as beef and chicken (Sosulski and Imafidon, 1990). The amino acid profile of milk may therefore be more conducive to supporting a rise in circulating IGF-1 levels.'
 









 Study summary:

- Isoleucine and leucine cause a reduction in serum levels of Insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1)

- Phenylalanine and histidine cause a rise in serum levels of IGF-1

- Milk contains more phenylalanine and less isoleucin than meat products

- Arginine   lysine intake and calcium absorption rate are positively correlated in a low protein diet

- Similarly, phenylalanine and histidine reduce bone loss in a low protein diet, mainly through stimulation of osteoblasts



Important quotes:

- 'There is some evidence to suggest that arginine enhances the action of growth hormone releasing hormone, thereby increasing the secretion of growth hormone from the anterior pituitary  (Ghigo et al., 2001). These data would suggest that dietary supplementation with arginine should increase circulating levels of IGF-1.'

- 'Supplementation with the branched chain amino acids, isoleucine and leucine, caused a reduction in serum levels of Insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 2 (IGFBP-2), while the aromatic amino acids, phenylalanine and histidine, increased IGF-1 levels. Milk contains greater amounts of phenylalanine and lower quantities of isoleucine compared to meat products such as beef and chicken (Sosulski and Imafidon, 1990). The amino acid profile of milk may therefore be more conducive to supporting a rise in circulating IGF-1 levels.'

 














 Not from Australia, but if you are in an industrialized country, the best method to get AAS is through your doctor, whether legally or not, because then you are assured it will be human grade.

Otherwise, many companies ship internationally, but the question is: will it get through the customs? I am in Canada, and sometimes, even my research chemicals that were for pharmaceutical purposes in non-human subjects were refused. When I was in a non-aligned country this wasn't a problem.   









 People are ignorant. I wouldn't listen to what anyone tells you unless you know for sure that they know what they're saying.  




 The 'weird generic medical cough drop type taste' as you describe it could have different causes. It could simply be that a small quantity of Trenbolone got into a lymph vessel upon injection. 

Or it could be due to the fact that Tren causes a significant rise in prostaglandins, lipid compounds that act like hormones in mammals. Prostaglandins are synthesized by two enzymes, one of which is known as prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase, and which is responsible for constriction of vascular smooth muscle tissue amongst other things. This is what generally causes what people colloquially refer to as the 'tren cough'.

In research subjects that I've observed, this was more likely to happen when the compound was not of pharmaceutical grade, and when a Benzyl benzoate ester was used. This is only anecdotal evidence, however.  




 Those indigenous people they refer to are, in fact, modern humans.  




 They have no reason to go out of their way to go into detail about something that is common knowledge for most people who will read their paper.  









 No. It is a well established fact that humans can rely entirely on dietary fats to produce ATP.  




 Simply put, a 2mg/kg injection of Testosterone has cardio-protective effects in Testosterone-deprived subjects.  



















 Probably mostly China.  




 I think being old and a bodybuilder is awesome, because no one looks down on old people for using steroids and growth hormone. It's seen as anti-aging measures and most people by that age have lost all their hair if they were genetically predisposed to and don't have sex anymore so having shrinked balls is no biggie.  














 Thank you for your time. Clearly you have more insight into this article at looked at it more into depth than I did. Nothing to disagree with. Thank you again! 




 There is no difference between egg- and whey-based protein in respect to anabolic response, insulin sensitivity, fat breakdown and satiety response.  




 This study is about proteins, not monosaccharide and disaccharide sugars. Not sure what your point is.  




 This study is really interesting to me for two reasons:

-Based on previous findings, the researchers had predicted that whey protein would be better at facilitating an increase in muscle mass and a decrease in fat, but this wasn't the case;

-Also based on previous findings, they had predicted that both types would cause a similar increase in satiety-related hypothalamic markers, and they were both correct and wrong: correct because there was a similar increase in both types, but wrong because neither was significant (as you can see [here](http://www.jissn.com/content/12/1/14/figure/F6)), suggesting that protein in general is not effective at initiating a satiety response. 














 In short, the research on Lactate-Caffeine has found that it:

-Increases myoblast cell hypertrophy, prevents muscular denervation atrophy, and might also improve bone, liver and brain health via activation of calcineurin-NFAT signalling (1);

-Promotes muscular protein biosynthesis and adipose tissue breakdown by increasing myogenin and follistatin protein levels and phosphorylation of P70S6K while decreasing the levels of myostatin (2).

**References**

1. Anabolic steroids activate calcineurinNFAT signaling and thereby increase myotube size and reduce denervation atrophy. Weiping Qin, Molecular and Cellular Endocrinology 399 (2015) 336345.

2. Mixed lactate and caffeine compound increases satellite cell activity and anabolic signals for muscle hypertrophy. Yoshimi Oishi, Journal of Applied Physiology. Published 15 March 2015 Vol. 118 no. 6. 




 In short, the research on Lactate-Caffeine has found that it:

-Increases myoblast cell hypertrophy, prevents muscular denervation atrophy, and might also improve bone, liver and brain health via activation of calcineurin-NFAT signalling (1);

-Promotes muscular protein biosynthesis and adipose tissue breakdown by increasing myogenin and follistatin protein levels and phosphorylation of P70S6K while decreasing the levels of myostatin (2)

**References**

1. Anabolic steroids activate calcineurinNFAT signaling and thereby increase myotube size and reduce denervation atrophy. Weiping Qin, Molecular and Cellular Endocrinology 399 (2015) 336345.

2. Mixed lactate and caffeine compound increases satellite cell activity and anabolic signals for muscle hypertrophy. Yoshimi Oishi, Journal of Applied Physiology. Published 15 March 2015 Vol. 118 no. 6.
 









 The doses were quite high relatively to human bodyweight equivalency. They used 1,000mg/kg lactate and 36mg/kg caffeine.  I'm not too sure what 75g of lactate would do to the body, besides boosting muscular hypertrophy. But an excellent source of lactate is baking soda. Examine.com has about 40 studies which show that baking soda increases lactate production.  




 Of course the term 'healthy' makes sense when used by medical professionals who know what they are talking about. I just think it creates unnecessary confusion and fosters ignorance amongst laypeople, that's all.  




 I don't think you understand what I'm saying at all. It is believed that eating behaviors are influenced by two neural pathways: the homeostatic and the hedonic (reward) pathways. The homeostatic pathway is basically what says 'you need to eat or else you will die', whereas the hedonic pathway is what says 'I really want to eat this bag of chips in this very moment', a phenomenon colloquially referred to as food cravings. It is also believed that metabolically abnormal people (such as the overweight   obese) are literally either less capable or completely incapable, physiologically speaking, of controlling these 'cravings', partly due to genetic factors that influence the relationship between these pathways and appetite- and hunger-related hormones that regulate them.  




 With all due respect, I disagree. I think that we need to ditch this overly vague entirely term and use appropriate, more specific denominations instead. For example, you can say 'low GL foods provide a more consistent supply of energy', or 'micro nutrients are necessary for the functioning of vital processes'. 'Healthy' implies that certain foods or food combinations, due to their nutrient breakdown, are superior, which is utterly false, as no nutrient is harmful to the body on its own. Furthermore, current understanding of biochemical principles merely states that you need amino acids, micro nutrients, some fat, and a supply of either carbohydrates or fats in order to produce Adenonine triphosphate through the tricarboxylic acid cycle. It also states that a positive energy balance will lead to an increase in adipose tissue storage and other metabolic abnormalities, and that some nutrients (such as sodium), when consumed in large quantities over extended periods of time, might be harmful. But that's it. Everything else stretches beyond this current understand, and using the word 'healthy' tends to do just that, in my opinion.  




 That's literally exactly what I said.  




 No. The core issue runs deeper than that. What we need is to teach people the basic biochemical principles behind nutrition, such as the energy balance one. Also, more importantly, we need to get rid of this entire culture of 'eating being an enjoyable activity' or a 'reward', and we need to teach people that it is something that we should do primarily for basic survival purposes. If you add to that ridiculous cultural ideal the genetic predispositions in hormone production patterns and reward pathway signalling, you get people who become physiologically incapable of making the difference between eating because they need to and eating because they 'feel like it'. Yes, foods are supposed to be rewarding to eat for evolutionary reasons, but not to the point where it makes people overweight, and I believe this is essentially our modern society's fault, as it is consistently over-emphasizing the very behavior of eating as 'nice and rewarding' for economical purposes.  




 There is no such thing as eating 'healthy'. I hate this term because it is very vague, and people have their own understanding of what it means to 'eat healthy', and that understanding tends to be extremely flawed. In in vitro experiments, ending the day with an even or negative energy balance far outweighs all other factors for general health in the long run, including macro and nutrient choices. Furthermore, like I've said elsewhere in this thread, there is little evidence that different nutrients will initiate a significantly different satiety response. 

Of course nutrient choices have an impact. For example, eating foods with a low Glycemic Load equips the body with a more consistent, longer-term supply of energy, and it is essential to eat a certain amount of proteins, fats and micro nutrients, for the proper functioning of physiological processes that relate to basic bodily functions, such as tissue maintenance and growth. 

But nutrient choices aren't what causes obesity. People not knowing how many calories they're actually eating, and not making the difference between eating to maintain body homeostatis and eating to reward themselves or as a conditioned response to environmental factors (such as stress, boredom, anxiety, etc.) is much, much more likely to be the cause of obesity.  




 Exercising does not make you lose weight. Eating less calories than your body needs makes you lose weight. Exercising makes it easier to end the day with a negative caloric balance, for obvious reasons, but if despite exercising you still end the day with a positive balance, then that exercising will not make you lose weight, it's as simple as that. 

This article is very ignorant if you ask me. There isn't a great deal evidence that any nutrient, or  that any type of monosaccharide sugar in particular, has an impact on the satiety response, although there is some evidence that certain sugars (such as fructose) might affect the brain's hedonic pathway in particular ways that contribute to overeating.

The most recent research is pointing towards genetic differences amongst individuals in the complex relationship between the homeostatic and non-homeostatic (hedonic) neural pathways, various hormones (leptin, grehlin, PYY, etc.) and environmental factors (such as stress and anxiety) as one of the underlying causes of metabolic abnormalities such as obesity and dysglycemia.

There is also some evidence that gut microbiota plays a role in overeating through the gut-brain neural axis. But to say that you should just eat 'less sugar and carbs' is very ignorant. It's way, way more complicated than that. Most people don't even how many calories they're eating. 

 




 According to [Examine.com](http://examine.com/supplements/Sodium+Bicarbonate/), 'supplemental dosages of sodium bicarbonate are in the 200-300 mg/kg range when used before exercise. Although 500 mg/kg is slightly more effective, it tends to be associated with a higher degree of intestinal side effects if taken all at once.'

Also, there is a total of 37 studies which have found that consumption of baking soda increases lactate production. You can also find these on Examine.com. 




 This study is really interesting to me for two reasons:

-Based on previous findings, the researchers had predicted that whey protein would be better at facilitating an increase in muscle mass and a decrease in fat, but this wasn't the case;

-Also based on previous findings, they had predicted that both types would cause a similar increase in satiety-related hypothalamic markers, and they were both correct and wrong: correct because there was a similar increase in both types, but wrong because neither was significant (as you can see [here](http://www.jissn.com/content/12/1/14/figure/F6)), suggesting that protein in general is not effective at initiating a satiety response beyond the regular calorie consumption response threshold.

If these findings can be replicated, it would be a huge blow to supplement companies, which like to claim that whey protein is overall superior to that from regular food and that it 'fills you up', the latter which clearly couldn't be farther from the truth. 

Seems like it's time to move away from whey protein supplementation.  









 Nice! Solid work man! Don't stop! Even greater gains await!  




 Because not lifting makes you average, and I'd hate that.  




 I would recommend baking soda. It increases the production of lactate as shown in various studies. Something like 500mg/kg of bodyweight per day in 3 doses with a cup of coffee each (not verified).  




 She probably had Nandrolone or Testosterone prescribed to her in small doses. Recent studies show that androgenic hormones help protect against paralysis-induced muscular atrophy.  




 No, but in my humble opinion, something that could be used, until a Lactate-Caffeine solution is available on the market, is baking soda. Studies show that baking soda increases the production of lactate. Something like 15g of baking soda with a regular size cup of coffee three times a day (not verified).  




 Send me a PM to read the full paper.  




 The conclusion summarizes the findings fairly well:

In conclusion, we found for the first time that treatment with LC compound increases satellite cell activity and anabolic signals in C2C12 cells. Furthermore, low-intensity exercise with LC compound increases muscle mass, satellite cell activity, and anabolic signals. These results suggest that administration of LC compound could effectively increase muscle mass concomitant with elevated myonuclei, even with low-intensity exercise, by means of activated satellite cells and anabolic signals in skeletal muscle. Therefore, the study of LC compound should provide insight into the development of strategies against muscle wasting and loss of function associated with a wide range of neuromuscular diseases such as sarcopenia. 









 Sadly, there is no LC compound available on the market yet.  




 In one particular study, it was found that anabolic steroids such as Testosterone and 19-nortestosterone increase Calcineurin-NFAT signalling, the process by which the protein phosphatase Calcineurin removes the phosphate group from the DNA-binding protein Nuclear factor of activated T-cells (NFAT) via hydrolysis, leading to an increase in myoblast cell hypertrophy and a reduction in muscular denervation atrophy, the process by which muscle fibers become shrinked when the nerve to the muscle is severed (1).

In another study, it was found that a lactate-caffeine compound activates 'intracellular calcium signals', which, in turn, also activates calcineurin signalling. It also increases the production of Myogenic factor 4 and Follistatin, and, concurrently, reduces the production of Growth Differentiation Factor 8, also known as Myostatin, and which is known for limiting protein biosynthesis in mammals (2). 

So, in other words, increasing lactate-caffeine supplementation leads to an increase in muscular hypertrophy via an increase in Calcineurin-NFAT signalling and in the production of various proteins.  

**References**

1. *Anabolic steroids activate calcineurinNFAT signaling and thereby increase myotube size and reduce denervation atrophy.* Weiping Qin, Molecular and Cellular Endocrinology 399 (2015) 336345.

2. *Mixed lactate and caffeine compound increases satellite cell activity and anabolic signals for muscle hypertrophy.* Yoshimi Oishi, Journal of Applied Physiology. Published 15 March 2015 Vol. 118 no. 6.

 









 I have the full text available, PM me for access.  









 Well, to put it in more specific terms, my understanding is there are two neural pathways that are influenced by various hormones (ghrelin, leptin, PYY, etc) as well as by environmental factors: the homeostatic and the hedonic (or non-homeostatic) pathways. The homeostatic pathway is what tells you 'eat or you will die', it maintains, just as it says, homeostasis in the body. On the other hand, the hedonic pathway is what tells you 'I really want to eat this cake right now', it dictates what people colloquially refer to as 'food cravings'. I think it's possible, like I said, that genetic variations in individuals and which relate to these pathways and environmental factors could be the real underlying cause of obesity.  




 Thank you, this is some serious inspiration. Every time I think of having a cheat meal, of skipping a workout, of skipping an hour of sleep to do something else... I think of these people and it drives me to not fall to temptation. I was born healthy and with a problem-less life, and I know this makes me one of the lucky ones, and I know that I have no right to complain or not follow what I know to be the best course of action, when there are people like this girl who are giving it their very best.  




 I've read some research on how the gut bacteria can hijack the gut-brain pathway and affect nutrient choices, but I'd be careful with sweeping generalizations. This is complex.  




 Well, again, it's a complex subject that I don't fully understand. But by 'actually having to eat', I mean, in layman's terms, knowing that you have to eat a certain number of calories throughout your day in order to reach your target caloric intake (which I believe has to do with the body's homeostatic pathway). And 'being hungry' refers to the complex relationship between the body's reward systems (such as the hedonic pathway), and various hormones, specifically ghrelin and leptin. My basic assumption is that different nutrients affect all these things differently, which in turn affects, again in layman's terms, whether people feel the need to ingest certain foods or not.  




 Yes of course, sugar is not actually toxic. But my basic reasoning is that sugar as found in fruits and vegetables is satiating and promotes not being on a caloric surplus and general health because it's rich in dietary fibers, rich in micro nutrients and not very caloric. On the other hand, sugar as found in processed sugar foods promotes being on a caloric surplus because it's either low in or devoid of dietary fibers and also packed with fats, which, although not inherently bad of course, are very caloric by nature. They're also either low in or devoid of micro nutrients as well. Sure, caloric intake is what mostly matters, but what I've noticed from working with obese people trying to lose weight is that when they eat a lot of sugar rich products, they have more difficulty controlling their hunger and, since most people don't count calories and don't understand the difference between being hungry and having to eat (otherwise they wouldn't suffer from obesity in the first place), it causes them to end up being at a caloric surplus more often. Does that make sense?   




 To be honest, I haven't looked into the why's of what makes his theories wrong so I won't elaborate on that. But don't you agree though? That sugar in its highly processed form as found in soft drinks, candy bars, etc., is part of the reason why there has been such a huge increase in metabolic diseases? It's always been my assumption but I'm just a first year Biochem student so I don't want to pretend like my understand of the subject is advanced enough to come to such conclusions.  




 Care to elaborate on why 'Lustig is full of shit'? A lot of people say that, but I've never understood why. His argument that people come to a point where they are incapable of making the difference between being hungry and actually needing to eat due to hormone imbalances caused by diet is a pretty sound one, IMO. He basically says that people's diet is making them eat more than they need.  




 Ok, I take back what I said. Most fruits and vegetables are not very energy dense, mainly because they're rich in dietary fibers. However, in nature, fruits and vegetables are still where sugar is mostly found; these, with a few exceptions, have a low to intermediate  impact on blood sugar level, are not very caloric, and are packed with micro nutrients. My theory is that one of the reasons why humans evolved to like sugar so much is because sugar foods were ancestrally associated with things that humans want to eat in order to survive, such as fruits and vegetables as aforementioned. But when you remove the fibers, remove the micro nutrients, combine the sugar with high amounts of dietary fat, and modify the glucose/fructose ratio in favor of the latter to make it more addictive ([as fructose stimulates the dopamine pathways more so than other monosaccharide sugars do](http://www.nutrition.org.uk/attachments/639_Sucrose%20and%20fructose%20-%20Is%20sugar%20really%20like%20cocaine_Prof%20Macdonald.pdf)), it becomes something entirely different. 

Also, more evidence that fructose is more harmful than other monosaccharides [here](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20800122), [here](http://advances.nutrition.org/content/4/2/236.full.pdf+html) and [here](https://books.google.ca/books?id=mfy6BAAAQBAJ pg=PA350 lpg=PA350 dq=fructose+hedonic+pathway source=bl ots=1-LhyFIxjl sig=yLJayvVRHHA-9XkGbvRe8nZ5JLA hl=en sa=X ei=G0I3VdbpIKTIsATk5oDQAQ ved=0CEoQ6AEwBQ#v=onepage q=fructose%20hedonic%20pathway f=false).


 









 Thanks for the amazing schooling sir, this was really informative! 




 Maybe, maybe not. Would more people kill themselves from DNP overuse like this girl if DNP was legal? I don't know, this is a complex question to answer.  




 Actually, alcohol is different. Alcohol is poisonous altogether, even in small doses. To alter my own mind, I would much rather ingest THC or psilocybin, or even inject myself with some phenethylamine compound, than use a carcinogen that disrupts the synthesis of tissue-building hormones and increases fat storage by slowing down metabolism.  




 This is anything but surprising. Previous research has found that fructose triggers the brain's hedonic pathway but not its satiety mechanisms, leading to something that nutritionists colloquially refer to as the 'sugar-craving cycle'. This is why fructose rich food products (soft drinks, candy, ice cream, chocolate bars, etc.) sell so well. 

From an evolutionary perspective, sugar-rich foods used to be scarcely found in nature and associated with a high degree of energy density (for example, in fruits), and therefore our ancestors evolved to find them extremely rewarding to eat. But what happens  when foods that are extremely rewarding to eat are no longer scarce and energy dense? The result is obesity, dysglycemia   other metabolic diseases. 

This is essentially an evolutionary mismatch between ancestral adaptations to environment and the industrialization of society, and it has turned the food market into the business of slowly killing people.  














 Never go full retard... The side effect of DNP overuse is: an acute risk of death. This is a well established fact by now. However, when used intelligently, is it as dangerous as the media is going to claim with this case? Hell no. But a lot of society is incredibly ignorant and for that reason alone DNP should remain out of reach.  




 This has already been posted both here and on the AdvancedFitness subreddit, actually.

Overall I would say it's nothing new. You will grow similarly in the short run no matter the weight/number of reps, but in the long run, a heavier load will allow for better linear progression when it comes to weight lifting. However, lifting too heavy also has its downsides, and it's why the 8-12 rep range is probably the best one... It allows you to go heavy enough to see a good progression, but not so heavy that your injury risk is significantly higher than if you were using much lighter loads. 

In all cases, thank you for posting this still - reiteration of already well established observations in science is never a bad thing.  




 If there's one thing you sure as hell don't want to get bigger, it's your heart. Heart hypertrophy is deadly.  




 If I remember correctly, none of the rats actually died during the experiment. But their heart muscle grew insanely large and they probably died shortly afterwards.  




 It was found to have long-term toxic effects on the heart of rats at really high doses. The rats were fed multiple grams. In comparison, illicit use is rarely reported to be higher than 170 micro grams in humans.  




 To summarize the article: they looked at three mRNA encoding genes: Krppel-like zinc finger transcription factor 5 (KLF-5), zinc finger protein 423 (ZFP423) and Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARG). KLF-5 and ZFP423 are involved in adipogenesis, the process by which cell differentiation causes preadipocytes to become mature adipocytes. PPARG is involved in fatty acid synthesis, the process by which acetyl coA is converted to fatty acids. Expression rate of KLF-5 and ZFP423 was lower in clenbuterol-injected group than in control group. Expression rate of PPARG was lower in abdominal fat tissue.  




 To summarize the article: they looked at three mRNA encoding genes: Krppel-like zinc finger transcription factor 5 (KLF-5), zinc finger protein 423 (ZFP423) and Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARG). KLF-5 and ZFP423 are involved in adipogenesis, the process by which cell differentiation causes preadipocytes to become mature adipocytes. PPARG is involved in fatty acid synthesis, the process by which acetyl coA is converted to fatty acids. Expression rate of KLF-5 and ZFP423 was lower in clenbuterol-injected group than in control group. Expression rate of PPARG was lower in abdominal fat tissue of clenbuterol-injected group than in that of control group. 

So, in other words, you are correct, but be careful of oversimplifications. Saying that it merely disrupts the metabolic process for storing fat is pretty vague.  
























 I'm pretty sure Fnatic will get shit on. We will see though.  




 I have confidence that Hai can get his shit together and improve as a player. This is Cloud9 we're talking about after all.  









 Some people are saying that it can last up to 36 hours. Not sure to what extent this is true, but this is freaking long lasting for a stimulant.  




 Whoa, lots of great info. Not sure how I missed that. In all cases, thank you! 




 Anyone has info/experience on this drug? I have access to a supply of it, but would like to gather some information on it beforehand. Google has been failing me here, I have a lot of research material on it, but no anecdotal evidence/experience reports from users.  




 Burden of proof is on you. No where in your link is there any evidence that explicitly states the emphasis/importance of breast size.  




 Do you have evidence that breast size is actually a judging criterion? Or is this just your assumption?  




 All such comps are, in theory at least, subject to the same criteria as most other fitness/bodybuilding competitions - conditioning, symmetry, posing routine, etc.  









 It refers to Site Enhancement Oils - colloquially known as Synthol.  




 Thanks for the constructive criticism! Much appreciated! Replacing the bedrock would also make it survival friendly, I just realized that too. :P  




 I do not blame them for lying. A lot of society is ignorant and not ready for the truth about physical appearance. Achieving an amazing body is extremely hard, and is done with a combination of hard work and the use of various drugs and other body enhancement methods. Anyone who believes otherwise is part of the masses that are being lied to on the daily.  




 Well, my understanding is that, for a lot of girls, having breasts of at least a certain size is important for self esteem and finding oneself attractive. And for most girls it's impossible to maintain that certain size and get down to the required low body fat percentage at the same time. That's why a lot of girls who compete in bikini fitness end up getting breast implants. 




 So what? Are you implying that getting breast implants is a bad thing? It's pretty much the same thing as male bodybuilders using SEOs in the off season or Formebolone during comp prep - when done correctly, it does look nice.  









 Thanks! 




 Amazing! Where can I get one?  









 Before English was the language of business, it was French (when Europe dominated the world, pre-WW2), and before that, it was Latin. So, from this perspective, the three most important languages in recent world history are English, French and Latin.  



















 Inhibiting production of serotonin in the digestive system causes the activation of a protein in the adipose tissue cells that dissipates the energy produced as heat.  




 Whoa. 














 Possibly, but from what I've read the side effects on internal organs can take quite a few years to manifest themselves.  




 He was made for this, literally.  




 Mirin'  




 Do you have pics of his legs as well?  




 It's the interaction between hGH, IGF-1 and Insulin that does that, most likely. Not hGH alone.  




 Holy crap. Ronnie Coleman before he hopped onto the hGH-IGF-1 bandwagon. The best there might ever be. Unbelievable.  




 Long story short, high GL foods should only be consumed post-workout due to the post-exercise insulin sensitivity effect. Outside of that, high GL foods should be avoided, especially if you're trying to cut down on body fat.  




 A lot of people who use DNP forget the importance of eating carbohydrates to maximize the effect of that compound. In order for the citric acid cycle (the main metabolic pathway) to take place, you need glucose. Glucose is broken down into pyruvate, which will not only start the chain reaction that leads to the cycle itself, but will also allow fatty acids to be processed as energy more effectively; carboxylate is removed from pyruvate to form acetyl co-enzyme A, to which the 2-carbon molecule oxaoloacetate is added to form citric acid. However, fats (in the form of acetate) need to bind ocaoloacetate,  which comes from pyruvate as well. This is because it's also acetyl coA that is converted through fatty acids, which are then synthesized through ketosis to form acetyl coA, and to which oxaoloacetate is then binded to form citric acid. What does this mean? When using DNP, glucose is used at a incredibly higher than usual rate. This is because the proton gradient, that results from the electron transport chain caused by the oxidations of the citric acid cycle, is dissipated as heat instead of being used as energy. Therefore, your body will constantly try to produce more energy to make up for that. And how is energy produced? With pyruvate, like I said earlier. I know this is a bit complicated, but the takeaway is: increase your carbohydrate intake. If I was using DNP, I would probably increase my carb intake to 60% of caloric intake. I don't think you can easily eat too much carbs when taking DNP.  




 Layne Norton says that refeed days should happen every day 6-12 days, and increasingly more often the longer you've been cutting. He also says that refeed days should either be at maintenance caloric intake or slightly above. But it's not based on any research, just his personal opinion, as far as I know. I haven't found any research. All I know is that when you go above caloric maintenance, fats and carbs do not get along anymore (due to the impact of insulin on fat storage), so you gotta be even more careful about your macro nutrient breakdown.  




 A lot of people say that having cheat meals, or cheat days, or 'taking a break from dieting', is actually a good thing. No one can disagree on the obvious psychological relief it provides to people who see the diet necessary to achieve their goal body as painfully strict. But beyond that, a lot of people seem to believe that it's also actually good physiologically speaking, that it 'allows your body to 'reset' and become more effective at burning fat afterwards' or other discourses of the kind. **My goal with this post is to shatter those beliefs into pieces, and show you that, in an ideal world, you should indeed be on what many people call a 'strict diet' all year long.**

First, I believe those beliefs on cheat meals/days to have originated from the research on leptin, a complex and not-yet-fully-understood adipose tissue hormone that regulates appetite and metabolic efficiency (1)(2)(3). It mainly does so due to its interactions with the endocannabinoids, Tetrahydrocannabinol-like neurotransmitters that are naturally occurring in the brain and of which one of the main roles is to to increase appetite and slow down metabolism (4). Simply put, leptin counters the effects of these neurotransmitters, thus leading to a reduction in appetite and an increase in metabolic efficiency (5). But that's not all. Leptin has an antagonistic relationship with another hormone, ghrelin, of which the main goal is to stimulate appetite; the less you eat, the lower your production of leptin is, and, inversely, the higher your production of ghrelin is (6). Also, leptin has been shown to regulate the production of certain uncoupling proteins in fat cells, the role of these uncoupling proteins being to regulate body weight through thermogenesis (7)(8). In fact, in other studies, a significant correlation between activation of the uncoupling proteins in adipose tissue and weight loss was found, showing that uncoupling protein-induced thermogenesis does indeed play a role in regulating body weight (9). 

Now, what does this have to do with cheat meals? Well, a lot of the original research on leptin came to three conclusions:

1) Morbidly obese people have reduced leptin sensivity

2) Leptin production seems to decrease and increase along with caloric intake

3) Leptin production affects metabolism and appetite

The two latter conclusions were, as usual, widely misunderstood by fitness enthusiasts, and, for the following decades, people would have a discourse along the lines of 'cheating is actually important because it refreshes leptin production' as a result. 

To make it clear, the research found no such thing. What the research found is that, complex carbohydrates (starches, or low Glycemic Load carbohydrate foods), and, to a lesser extent, proteins as well, affect leptin production, but fats and sugars **do not** (10)(11)(12)(13). 

In light of this evidence, cheat days, of which the purpose is to refresh leptin production, or, as they're sometimes called, 'refeed days', should be **high complex carbohydrate, moderate protein, low fat and low sugar days.** Fat intake should be limited to healthy fats, such as omega-3, and high Glycemic Load foods should never be consumed besides after your workout, to take full advantage of the post-exercise insulin sensivity effect. In other words, it should be something like 50% complex carbohydrates, 35% proteins, 10% fats and 5% sugar. And guess what? This is what your diet should look like all year round, except with maybe slightly less carbohydrates, and slightly more proteins and fats. 

People need to understand... there is no such thing as a 'strict diet'. What you call a 'strict diet' is what your diet should be almost all of the time. From an evolutionary perspective, the human brain was not conceived to have access to an unlimited supply of foods that are rich in sugar and sodium. In the time of our ancestors, such foods were usually scarce and associated with a high level of energy density, and therefore they had to be extremely rewarding to eat. But what happens when foods that are extremely rewarding to eat are no longer scarce and energy dense? Well, you get the society of today. You get fat people who think it's okay to be fat out of ignorance, who reward themselves on the daily with 'fast foods' and sugar rich products, not realizing the fate to which they're condemning themselves... You get a society that is getting increasingly life-threateningly obese. 

The goal of this post was to prove that, beyond the 'psychological relief effect' caused by an evolutionary mismatch between ancestral adaptations to environment and modern socio-economic changes, there is no reason to have 'cheat meals/days', and I think that, in this regard, it did its job. 

**References**

1. http://www.pnas.org/content/94/9/4242.full?ijkey=5c2c5772d740862e07e613dff21bcbacb97d1e8d keytype2=tf_ipsecsha

2. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/7984236?dopt=Abstract

3. http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v385/n6612/abs/385119a0.html

4. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16787229

5. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11298451

6. http://www.precisionnutrition.com/leptin-ghrelin-weight-loss

7. http://www.jbc.org/content/272/39/24129.full

8. http://www.jbc.org/content/272/39/24129.full

9. http://my.pingabox.com/shared/f.html?f=bygaik

10. http://ajpendo.physiology.org/content/277/5/E855.long

11. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11126336

12. http://ajcn.nutrition.org/content/82/1/41.abstract

13. http://www.briancalkins.com/simplevscomplexcarb.htm




 




 There are two main places in the body where serotonin is found to have an important role: the central nervous system and the digestive system. The study looks at the effects of serotonin in the digestive system, it doesn't look at drugs such as alcohol and weed, which are believed to mainly affect the serotonin mechanisms in the central nervous system.  




 I would love to see that. Levrone is one of the all time greats.  




 Just to clarify, peripheral serotonin synthesis refers to the action of serotonin in the gastrointestinal tract, not in the central nervous system. Mind-altering drugs usually affect the latter, so this has nothing to do with alcohol or THC or any other drug of the type.  









 From the article:

'...genetic or chemical inhibition of Tph1 (an enzyme that synthesizes serotonin) protects or reserves the development of HFD(high fat diet)-induced obesity and dysglycemia via activation of UCP1 (thermogenin, an uncoupling protein in adipose tissue that dissipates energy as heat)-mediated thermogenesis.' 









 From the article:

'...genetic or chemical inhibition of Tph1 (an enzyme that synthesizes serotonin) protects or reserves the development of HFD(high fat diet)-induced obesity and dysglycemia via activation of UCP1 (thermogenin, an uncoupling protein in adipose tissue that dissipates energy as heat)-mediated thermogenesis.'

Basically, this means that higher levels of serotonin reduce the functionality of fat cells, thus reducing the body's ability to use fat in order to produce energy.  









 Wow he looks fat! That bulking phase! 




 Really interesting. Thanks for sharing! 




 That's the thing, you can't. Even if you managed to get some actual Follistatin (the name of the antagonist) and a modified adenovirus, you still wouldn't have the right thing, because Follistatin targets the entire TGF- superfamily, and the compound they used in the clinical trial is an isoform of Follistatin, a similar version that has been modified to target only the myostatin pathway. There is no way to get this compound, as it was produced in limited supply solely for the series of clinical trials that they're running.  




 Ignorance is bliss.  









 Indeed. Human genetic engineering is no longer a thing of the future. Research to turn adeno-associated viruses into viral vectors that can precisely deliver new DNA into cells is currently underway. In a couple years from now, athletes will be able to use these modified viruses to boost their genetic potential way beyond what is currently possible even for the most genetically gifted. And what's amazing is that there no way to detect gene doping, because there is currently no way of detecting changes in protein expression, for obvious reasons (the human genome is an unbelievably complex entity). 

But the luckiest ones of us are the ones who aren't born yet; in the future, rich future parents will be able to pay to have the cells in the genes of the blastocyst (early state embryo) altered, thus effectively leading to births of 'super humans'. 

Even more interesting thought: societies of the far future might systemically modify the genetic makeup of embryos to create humans that are 'truly' equal. In that sense, gene doping abuse will probably one day backfire, but, most likely, none of us will be around to see that happen. In the experimental era of genetic modifications, we are the lucky generation that will get to abuse and benefit from the outcome of novel research. And then the generations after that will have a very shitty time because of us. The natural cycle of life in society.  




 Well, they make the most of what little they have...  




 HA! My reaction... 




 Blame humans for the existence of this poor... thing.  









 Insane transformation. Respect!  




 With genetic modifications. Also, testing on humans [has already been done](http://www.nature.com/mt/journal/v23/n1/full/mt2014200a.html).
In children with muscle diseases, they injected an isoform of a well known  TGF- antagonist that bioneutralizes cell signalling hormones, and it resulted in a significant increase muscular strength and mass.  














 Joke's on you, anti-GMO people. You've been eating these foods since the fifties without knowing it.  









 'Be gentle' isn't what she would have said.  



















 I'm a big fan of Stephanie Davis.  




 I study Human Nutrition part time, and a lot of nutritionists believe that fructose, which things like milk chocolate contain a lot of, lead to something that they call the 'sugar-craving cycle'. This is because fructose triggers the brain's hedonic pathway, but not its satiety mechanisms, making you constantly want more because it feels good to eat but never completely satisfies you.  




 Yes. This. Normally calories are all that matters really, but the average person doesn't count calories, let's be honest.  




 Cocoa is still relatively healthy, just highly caloric! (sorry for late answer lol!) 




 I'm sorry, I realize this is not plain English as you asked. I have no time right now, I will try to explain it differently when I come back tomorrow.  




 Glycemic load, which is based on the formula Glycemic Index*Grams of carbohydrates/100. Glycemic index indicates how fast a particular food is absorbed into the bloodstream. Glycemic load is more accurate, as it also takes into account how much sugar is actually absorbed. For example, carrots have a high glycemic index, but a very low glycemid load, so they are very healthy. When monosaccharide units (sugar) are absorbed, the pancreas secretes insulin, a hormone that 'pushes' nutrients into the system so they can be either used to create energy in the tricarboxylic acid cycle, the main metabolic pathway, or stored. Sugar is stored as glycogen in the muscle and liver cells through glycogenesis, and when sugar level in the blood drops, it is converted back to sugar through glycogenolysis, and then to pyruvate through glycolysis. Pyruvate is a compound that then undergoes various other transformations in order to be ultimately used by our metabolism to produce the energy that our body needs to survive. Surplus is stored beginning when carboxylate is removed from pyruvate to form acetyl co-enzyme A, which is then converted to fatty acids and triglycerides through lipogenesis; excess triglycerides are combined with phospholipids, cholesterol and proteins to form chylomicrons, lipoprotein molecules that can carry triglycerides through the bloodstream (as triglycerides on their own are not water soluble) so they can be released from the lipoproteins and reassembled in the adipocytes, the body's fat cells.On the other hand, fatty acids are used to synthesize two particular compounds, known as beta-hydroxybutyrate and acetoacetate, via a process known as ketosis, in order to reform acetyl coenzyme-A; those two compounds are part of a group of water-soluble molecules known as the ketone bodies, and ketosis is the main reason why the body can produce energy despite the absence of carbohydrates. 

Source: I don't have a source right now, but this is the basics of metabolic biochemistry.  




