 Mini crop circles 




 Hide it in my wife's junk drawer. Although it may never be found then. ;-p 




 I had a real shallow strainer a long time ago. It was almost more of a food strainer by look, but not design. There is no way it would have contained an expanding tea leaf, like many oolongs. The one I show an image of in this thread doesn't have that problem. Any well designed strainer should work fine with any mug design.  
Unless you don't like the tea floating and not integrating as well or something, then your options are limited. 




 That sucks. I've lived in big city suburbia my whole life and I take some things for granted. I have to drive 25-35 minutes for good Chinese food, but there is bad to acceptable Chinese food all over.  
My only time in the boonies is on fishing or hunting trips and we're packing everything in. Any carryout is 40-50 miles away. 




 My pleasure. You may want to try Earl Grey too. People either love it, or hate it. They also have a decent oolong. I drank Twinings for about 15 years. Hopefully you can find a few you really enjoy. 




 Here is my strainer. http://imgur.com/gallery/pAXdqu7  
Edit: Here is my gaiwan with the built in strainer. http://imgur.com/gallery/BRg3jhY 




 I had Kliban calendar's for years and years.  I loved those cartoons. 




 my son who is a Chemical Engineer would love that as a tea/coffee mug. There is profit to be made by the person who sells these as mugs. 




 Have you tried asking any of your local Chinese restaurants if they sell their tea?  In our area, they will sell them and the price is very competitive for bag tea. 




 Twinings is readily available in the UK and they have both loose and bagged tea. They are fairly inexpensive teas. They have a lot of variety to find the flavors you like and they are easy to find.  I like their Darjeeling, Prince of Wales, Jasmine green and their gunpowder green. 




 Can you explain what makes the strainer useless for you?  I use my gaiwan, which has a built in strainer, for oolongs or trying new teas. At work I use a 500ml stainless cup with a stainless strainer for the tea. I then pour smaller cups into a porcelain tea cup so the tea in the travel mug stays hot longer, as I am not leaving it open for sipping all the time. 




 I was wondering the same thing. We had a teacher create ours in some HS class a lifetime ago. I don't hear much about them anymore. 




 I just found this: Each named variety of tea bush produces a fine and noble tea that is named after it, such as Da Hong Pao, Tie Lo Han, etc. This unique naming and identification happily provides yan cha fans with much to sample and discuss.  Laplap Hoa may be a big old tea bush. 




 I get tea from China and Taiwan too, but only because I cannot grow it myself or get in any grocery store. Like you can with orange and lemon peel, lavender, rose and carnation petals, etc. And it's not tea, but I get what you mean. 




 Hmm, time for a trip to IKEA. Those bags from Yunnan Sourcing take up a lot of space and my tins from Taiwan use more space than I need. I keep my tea in a cabinet so the clear jars don't worry me.  
Thanks for sharing. They look like they'll hold about 75-100g's of leaf tea 




 Why on earth would you get some of those products from China? I expected to see some of their medicinal type stuff like you can get from a Chinese herbalist. Not stuff you can easily get yourself in a grocery store or from your garden. 




 Incredible for me to see this as I am having the same issue. Apparently I have a pinched nerve in C6 and C7. They're talking about all sorts of mean and nasty things to fix it. I've gone back to yoga and trying to get back into Tai Chi to loosen myself up. Surgery is not an option I want to consider. I have another appt Monday.  
They have a test to see if it is nerve or something else. I think it was called an EMG. 




 If I use Google translate, my options are traditional Chinese and simplified Chinese. I believe it refers to the common language/character set used by the people in China. Yes, there are many sub languages in China. Could it be sort of like referencing Indian language, which is the Hindi shared across most of the people in India.  
edit: Wiki page: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_language 




 Crystallization doesn't bother me. It makes it easier to measure. Some companies whip it, which integrates the crystals even better and it stays that way for longer. I live in Michigan. When I travel to tropical locations the honey gets very soft. But still not exactly pourable like store "honey". 




 Could it be the estate name?  If I saw Lingia Darjeeling in Hindi, I'd have no idea Lingia was the estate name. Trying to translate it would not work like laplap hoa doesn't. 




 Or even several names of teas in the native language. My tea strainer has the word tea in 6 languages along the rim.  
http://www.wmfamericas.com/shop/tea-strainer 




 I don't prefer it or dislike it. It's just a fact when you buy real honey.  
I guess it's like OJ. We want consistent flavor, but to get consistent flavor requires pasteurizing. What we really buy is neutered OJ with orange perfume added. Since the orange flavoring is made from oranges, it can still be called pure.  
What we really prefer is the pure product, but that product has too short of a shelf life for big stores. So the stores compromise for us. 




 I didn't know that.  I've been to western India and southern India and all I have ever found there is regular black Darjeelings. Thanks for improving my knowledge of tea. I assumed oolong is sort of a special technique which is why I've only seen it from China and the surrounding Asian countries. 




 I wish.  IMO the bigger problem is Chinese honey with a lot of unhealthy and unlabeled stuff in it. Chinese honey comes in from all over the world. Currently Chinese honey has a 215% tariff on it, so they move it to a country without the restrictions and relabel it. 




 I use a metal electric tea pot to heat my water. A nice addition would be a temp gauge/thermometer on the outside. It would be a cheap addition and unique.  
I pour it from there into a double wall 500ml stainless tea cup to keep the tea hot. I would consider a nice porcelain or ceramic one instead.  
I use a WMF stainless steel strainer. It's simplicity and ability to keep clean is perfect. I do not see a way to improve it. You'd have to get into cute strainers for people looking beyond the functional imo.  
I have several tea cups I use. I just got a new one I really like while I was in Vietnam. It has a nice unique design and you can tell it's not from a mass market company. Maybe hook up with a few artisans in Asia who make cups or maybe some pottery schools or studios in the US who would be interested in small run cups of different shapes and styles.  
Edit: and avoid Chinese products. The quality of their inexpensive products is highly questionable. Even for Chinese. I prefer no lead in my cups, or unknown metals in steel products. China has major problems with both. 




 1st flush for regular drinking, 2nd flush for when I need something that bites a bit.  I've never seen anything but black Darjeeling, but since Darjeeling's a region not a type, it makes sense that you could find green unprocessed leaves too. It would surprise me if they were making oolongs though. 




 I agree about the raw honey. I actually went to tea partially to start getting honey in my diet. I have stomach problems and bad pollen allergies. Honey had a huge positive impact for both problems. Until I started using raw honey, I was struggling with the flavor.  
I have never found raw honey that did not look and taste pure. Supposedly, the reason grocery store honey is heavily mixed and ultra purified, which takes all the health benefits away, is for shelf life, for that golden look and because most customers do not like their honey crystallizing, which real honey does. I doubt if the market for raw honey is big enough to get the Chinese imposters and large companies adulterating it. I believe almost all honey from the big corporate food groups is highly processed and at least mixed with foreign honey. Most foreign honey is not pure or has a lot of Chinese honey. Once you get into Chinese honey, you're into all sorts of metals and toxins mixed in, as well as non bee products. 




 I got mine from Amazon. I think I paid around 35 for a cast iron one that is a nice size. I've seen it in Duty free shops in Asia for a lot more. It has a nice porcelain inside to keep it clean.  
It's called Old Dutch Cast Iron Saga Teapot, 52-Ounce 




 It would be kind of cool to have a calligrapher write the type of tea in the native language in a nice contrasting color. Sanskrit, Kanji, Chinese, etc 




 They are labeled as pure, when they are not. Olive oil has Canola and other oils added. Honey has corn syrup and what is called honeydew added, which is honey from insects other than bees. Like aphids. 




 I stop at Cracker Barrel for breakfast a lot when I am on the road. They use Dickinson honey's and jelly's. I like their jelly, but the honey tastes and smells like what you mention. Unless I have a super strong tea, that is the overwhelming flavor. 




 I was really bummed when I read about the olive oil.  The 2 brands I bought most often were both using canola oil mixed with olive oil. I thought I was buying from reputable companies and of course the label on all of them said "Pure olive oil".  
For honey, I just didn't like the darker ones being mixed in as it made my honey smell and taste like molasses. That pushed me to the health food stores and farmers markets to get wildflower honey from local suppliers.  




 I find inexpensive Darjeelings get bitter fairly quick. But as others said, that is sort of the way people like their tea sometimes.  On my way back from Tokyo I had a breakfast tea when I woke up. I wanted that tannic, almost bitter flavor to wake up.  
I prefer Yunnan teas most of the time and they are known for not getting bitter, even when over steeped. 




 When I got my first gaiwan in Taiwan, I talked to the owner about how to use it. He gave me some directions and said to make sure I leave the top off of it between steepings or the leaves scald. Also, as Sa Rart stated, I shake my strainer real well to get as much water out as I can.  Still, some teas handle a 2nd steeping better than others.  I've also found if I use my cast iron tea pot which is about 750ml, there is not much flavor left for a 2nd steeping. In small steepings like in a gaiwan, I can get 4-6 depending on the tea.  
It may have more to do with how much tea you can make from your steeping, than how many times you can steep. 7 steepings of 100ml is almost the same as one of 750ml. 




 What are you basing your labeling on? Them saying it is honey does not mean it is honey. The FDA does not inspect honey.  
It's like saying you get pure Olive oil because it is labeled as such. Labeling means little in the US. Olive oil and honey are 2 of the most mislabeled and adulterated products on the grocery shelf. 




 Honey and Olive Oil are 2 of the most mislabeled products in the US. 




 I should have specified in the US. The US FDA does not inspect honey. It is pretty much the wild west in labeling. 




 But in NYC there are real farmers markets on Long Island. It was more an example of how far and wide honey is produced now.  I guess the tundra regions are about the only place honey is not produced in quantity. Desert's, cities and almost everything between. 




 Ah yes, that is true. Even McDonalds in Canada is not too bad because of your meat standards.  Maybe finding specific honey for wildflower of orange blossom or something. If it is mixed honey's. it may have buckwheat honey which is almost like molasses imo. 




 Search about it. Most honey labeled as honey is in fact corn syrup or mixed with corn syrup or other sweeteners: This is directly from the USDA Rules and Regulations,  honey does not require official inspection in order to carry official USDA grade marksthere are no existing programs that require the official inspection and certification of honey 




 Where do you live that you can't get local honey? They even have beehives on roofs in NYC now. If nothing else, try Stakich honey, which you can get on Amazon. I find their honey to be excellent. It was local to SE Michigan, but I think they've gone national now. I used to buy cases of 6 - 5 lb containers to save on the cost.  
 




 Argentina is a major producer of tea, so like India, Taiwan, China, etc there are a lot of variations. I believe they focus on black teas. They planted seeds from India and China in the 20's. 




 Most honey sold in the US grocery stores is flavored corn syrup. The real mass market ones are typically mixed from several types. Some honey is disgusting imo and has an odd smell when it's heated. I like pure wildflower honey from local suppliers.  
Try getting your honey from the local farmers market. I think you'll be surprised. The real dark honey's are rough imo. 




 Was it made in a normal tea cup or one of their cups with the straws? When I was there, most people drank mate. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mate_%28beverage%29 




 T2Tea Grand Yunnan http://www.t2tea.com/tea/black/grand-yunnan.html was the first tea that just blew my mind. The new crop did not grab me like it did for the last 3 years.  
TWG's Yunnan Golden Needle is even more amazing but over double the price. https://www.twgtea.com/product/details?code=T617  
I bounce around a lot with Yunnan Sourcing's Yunnans looking for something like either of the above. I haven't found a match, but http://yunnansourcing.com/en/yunnan-black-teas/3327-wu-liang-hong-mao-feng-yunnan-black-tea-spring-2015.html from last autumn is the tea I find myself drinking over and over.
 




 Constant Comment is the only flavored tea I enjoy. It has a very nice flavor. And Twinings Darjeeling was the first Darjeeling I really liked. 




 Last time I was in Taiwan I bought tea from several shops. I had been looking forward to going back now that I knew which ones I really liked. Surprisingly all 3 teas I wanted to get again were in the same shop. (An Oriental Beauty, a heavily oxidized Tie Guan Yin and a Sun Moon Lake black tea) They had a 20 year old oolong that I decided to get too. Brewed western style it was more mellow than I expected. Tomorrow I'm going to try the gai wan and see if it develops more body 




 When I was in Singapore, they had a shop called TWG, which is sold in Harrod's in London.  Their Yunnan Gold Needle is one of the best teas I have had in my life. 




 All of my current teas, not bought on my overseas trips, is from Yunnan Sourcing. I am very happy with their quality. I really enjoy their High Mountain Red Ai Lao Mountain Black Tea. It reminds me of Sun Moon Lake's black teas from Taiwan. 




 I hope you find a tea or two you really like. Personally, I hate Earl and Lady Grey. They add bergamon to that and that taste overwhelms the tea for me. My favorite Twinings is Prince of Wales. It has a fantastic flavor imo. 




 I take a green pad to my stainless cup about once a month. I add baking soda and even vinegar if it is real bad. I don't even use soap on my gaiwan and tea cups. I rinse them with hot water, wash by hand and rinse again. 




 I read that we should add more tea if we want it stronger, not brew it longer.  I still try both methods. Each works, but I get better results depending on the tea I am using. I think green tea gets bitter if over brewed. I don't mind over brewed black teas though. 




 If English breakfast tea is weak to you, your limited on your options.  Irish breakfast is almost like drinking coffee to me.  Did Darjeeling come in your variety pack?  Twinings Darjeeling is a lot stronger than a high mountain estate Darjeeling.  If you want your tea really strong, pour the water directly over the tea bag just after it quits boiling. That will put hair on your chest then. ;-p  
Edit: This advice is for black teas only. It will make oolongs and green teas bitter if you pour boiling water on it. 




 Everything I can find says Li Shan is oolong, but I have some that says Red Tea (Black tea for westerners) and it brews like a red/black tea. It's pretty nice but a lot like an Assam.  
Has anyone else seen a black Li Shan tea? The company I got it from ahs both regular Li Shan and Red Li Shan. 




 Absolutely not.  We had our 2 kids and I was done. No rubbers ftw 




 Give your remaining time to help others. Cook in a soup kitchen, work in a 2nd harvest for food program, deliver food to the elderly and home ridden. You may find it gives your life purpose.    Commercialism is what the western life is about and it is an empty life, or like eating dorito's to fill you up. I really struggle finding meaning of life too and focusing on others, helps a lot. 




 I spent a few hours walking the old quarter this morning. Very cool area. Unfortunately I have a pinched nerve in my neck that is causing a lot of problems so I had to cut it short today.  




