 I remember hearing this story from Stephen hawking.  

There was some scientist who were working on the world's first super computer.  When it was finished they asked it "is there a God?".  Right after the man asked his question there was
 a bolt of lightning that came down and fried the switch to turn it off.  Then the computer responded "there is now."

I don't know why but that story always stuck with me. 




 It's not that I don't like them I just think it's played out.  Mecha anime has been around for awhile, just gets stale.  Knights of Sidonia was good though. 




 If I were one of the SAO survivors I wouldn't have been a front line player.  I would have created a small guild and just hunted monsters the entire time.  I'd leave saving the world to that mary sue Kirito. 




 Meth.   




 I'll just wait for the official release, thank you for trying though! 




 Thank you! 









 I'm sick and I've been miserable all day but that put a smile on my face.   




 Ya those two desurve some good lovin. 




 We should throw something Klein's way.  He's been looking for that special someone. 




 Yaaa it was just okay. 




 Ooooooooo I like that blade. 




 If it's announced tomorrow keep my five dollars and put it towards your copy. 




 Why don't democrats just call it what it is "the only reason you are up here is because you're being paid to lie". 









 I really like this.  Hope to see more soon! 




 I've been watching world trigger sense the beginning.  At first I liked it then I didn't like it, now it's starting to pick up again. 




 I still really like SAO.  I've read all the light novels and I do not regret a single hour spent doing so. 




 Alphonse.  After awhile that armor would get kind of annoying, and the whole not having a body thing. 




 Nahh he's just a good guy looking for some love. 




 And on top of that couldn't even give a reason why he did it. 




 Thanks! Will do. 




 Angel beats

Come at me. 




 Kamina.   




 Then absolutely check it out.  Even if you've seen the movie, it's such a great horror story. 




 The shinning.  Don't make the same mistake I did and read it during a snow storm. 




 Best ending to any videogame ever! 




 I didn't sleep last night, I just finished.  Wow, all I gotta say. 




 r/theydidthemath.  If you've never heard of this subreddit before...they're gonna love you. 




 It's not on my netflix yet. 




 I couldn't even finish reading that I was laughing so hard. 




 I thought Death Gun's mask in SAO2 was pretty badass. 




 Fuck 'em.  Take them to the cleaners. 




 That never occurred to me, Thank you. 




 You are a fan of soul crushing cuteness. 




 How do kirito and lisabeth survive that freefall at the end of episode 7 in sword art online? 




 Do the Republicans have enough votes to override it? 




 TTGL, FMA:B, The devil is a part timer. 




 That's why we left one spoked and one solid.  Couldn't decide which one we liked more so we're gonna keep it like that for a while and decide later. 




 Bassani covington hot rod pipes.   




