 Can I have it? 




 Dammit, this is too good. 




 Why not just replace the word "fat" with "feminist"? They're practically synonyms by now. 




 dunno 




 x-post this to /r/AnimalsWithoutNecks  









 I think it is because movies/shows are linear, noninteractive, and long in comparison with other forms of media. You devote an hour and a half to get a feeling out of a movie, with a song it is just a few minutes - low investment, big reward. 




 I supported the campaing, I hope everything goes smooth. 




 True perfection. 









 /r/titler is better 




 :'D 




 That's the inherent risk of space travel. But space is usually very empty, so the chances are relatively low.  




 What is wrong with admiration for those people? They seriously are amazing. 




 My people need me! 




 *unzips accidentally* 




 Bad luck OP? :D 









 You look wholly melted. No wonder, such cute kittes. Hnnng 




 No, I saw it on FB. Feel free to post it there yourself. 




 Yep, I mean, I didn't have a job unless I was almost 22, a year ago. 




 Depends how old you are. 




 Only IAVS thing about this post is the question... 




 Dattup.

Is anyone else stuck at work? 




 Fire resistant?! 









 So I don't get shocked touching the components when blowing the dust if I let it discharge a few minutes first? 




 Ppi isn't the only factor determining visual quality.  




 Are those living fossils? They look like trilobites. 




 No burn center's can help this boi now 




 Good, good. 




 YES! 




 [Make this good](http://i.imgur.com/la2cVGN.png) 




 Yes, now I got placebo-vaccine autism (now I actually have two autisms, since I am Brony, right?) and fart chemtrails. 




 What good new science book would you recommend me? 




 f 




 It was sooo good 




 After that I read that recommended daily dose is 3-4 tablets and that it shouldn't be exceeded. Hehheh. 




 Imagination is limitless I guess. 




 But... but I saw that one GMod video and Billy is still alive! D: 




 It just wants to steal your fingernail. Little mean mofo. :3 




 What? Why would anyone put Christians in a meat grinder? Is there a demand for Christian sausages or what? 




 I think this can but help USA.  




 Pentium II Skynet is near! 




 You got the point, but I'd say be glad it is becoming dilluted... 




 Ummmm... I am at work atm, but I have to see that video when I get home. Can't decide what is a bigger glitch - this or the Danny's Device. 




 More like 360 orbit no SAS  




 Mars got some perky nipples. 




 Mud people are restful. 




 Let him be, he is taking pride in his achievement. 




 Yeah, maybe she was high, but how she got to and in the tanks is unknown. 




 That is the creepiest cat I've seen this month. 




 Those are [painting goblins.](https://i.imgur.com/NrJku9x.jpg) 




 I play on high settings and the game runs splendidly in Full HD. I could probably crank it up more, since this was autodetection settings, but I am fine for now.

8 GB RAM
i5-4590 3.30GHz
Radeon R7 200 Series 2 GB 



















 As someone with nearly 1300 hours on record, I can say that you da real MVP 




 Seriously, Roman? Fake tittes, no gold. You did write me in letters, but you are not that rich. 




 Ok, cousin. I'll be there in an hour. 




 5 years? 




 I haven't tired of that yet :P 




 I skimmed through, just a bunch of dentist/medical stuff, nothing really interesting (aside from the very hot student, of course). I guess she is studying to be either a dentist or a nurse (if it's legit and not scripted).

BTW at the end when she squirts the teacher comes to her and discovers what she was doing and is berating her, it gets extremely awkward, a boner killer. Geez, we all should learn to just pass things like this in silence, discreetly, we are sexual beings, after all. 




 [And listen to this, this makes it catchy as hell](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ug8KiS0W85Y) (I tried to search for the original on the melodysheep's channel, but I didn't didn't find it, maybe I was looking bad) 




 ...and I love it. Till now the only GTA I've properly played was GTA:SA - it was amazing for its time, but there were missing things and in GTA IV it's quite polished - I love the driving physics, car damage, the police ain't so bad, plenty of side activities to do, Niko is a reasonably ralatable character, I might learn to better understand accents. 

It was because I had read about GfWL and R* Social Club that I was skeptical about it (I hate when games push me into logging in in some service that has no value for me (Steam is an exception) and it serves only as DRM that pirates will workaround anyway... 









 ...and dictators die... 




 That's the problem with KSP, there are many useful keyboard shortcuts, but the game won't tell you about them. 




 I wish there was, but afaik there isn't. 




 There is that black-and-yellow strip under the staging gui that has no use, so I though perhaps there could be a staging lock button that would activate/deactivate spacebar staging. I am suresure many of us accidentally deconstructed our space stations when hitting spacebar with elbow/cat/piss bottle/whatever, so I think it would be a useful feature for 1.1. 




 Can I get it powdered? I don't have the time to ground it myself. 




 That would be a standard good dad reaction, I think. 




 That seems more likely. 




 I love when cat licks my hair. 




 When you put it like that...  




 I read the Hitchhiker's before I knew about Marvel Thor, and I think they're pretty different. 




 What is Plounge water? Also RIP 




 Btw my tablet has a bad habit of duplicating words or eveneven messing up entire sentences adding deleted thingsthings, anyone know howhow toto fix it? 









 There is something for everyoneeveryone in HHGTTG, I love it. 




 Hi, I just want to say that people often confuse me for you, and that the similarity of our nicknames is purely incidental. :-) 




 No, I am not him. I was asked a couple of times before though. I have identified with this nickname since primary school. Copypaste of my username's origin :

It has nothing to do with fun. It has to do with panting. "Funt" means to pant in Czech and when I was little and used to go to school with my sister I would pant because she was bigger and older than me and I had problems to catch up with her. Idk exactly when it happened, but she called me "funk" a couple of times, I think, and I made a nickname out of it later. It is not easily translatable, but I think "the little one who pants" could be fitting.

Btw it's uncanny, though, we both live in Europe and I am just a few months older than he is. 




  One cool thing about FAR is that it gives you tons of information about how your aircraft will perform right in the SPH

Assuming you know how to interpret the data. :D 




 I was pretty content with 1.0 aero, but I am going to try the hell out of this. 




 There is a overlap. 




 Send a rescue mission right away. 




 I am the same.  




 http://gifcrap.com/g2data/albums/Misc/Woman%20picks%20up%20a%20used%20tissue%20and%20eats%20the%20snot.gif 




 Just remember, you can step down, but you can never really leave.

Btw have some feels

https://www.google.cz/url?sa=t source=web rct=j ei=wJ9MVeZQpenLA9DdgMgJ url=http://www.youtube.com/watch%3Fv%3DJrRRaQpdOqY ved=0CB4QtwIwAA usg=AFQjCNFa593N5JIvNXMY6x4riGNOQbws2w 




 So there would be a lot of hypertext, right? 




 You should go to the doctor who told you that and say "Dismal sperm count? In your face, ha!" (   ) 




 I know. I slapped on so many engines because I couldn't get to Bop and I didn't know atomic engines use only LF now. 














 [It's dangerous to go alone, take this.](http://i91.servimg.com/u/f91/14/51/12/47/4_jave11.jpg) 




 No need, a terminator will suffice. 




 YOLO 









 I am proud to be the first day presser. 









 I think it will not because of all the shitty air your breathe out. Not even lactobacillus wants to smell your boogers. 




 Misleading thumbnail, I thought it was a big sausage. 









 The more horrible the better. 




 Which .cfg? 




 It can take a moment, and sometimes you don't have those few seconds, for example when tumbling down a cliff. 




 True, but rockets IRL are not so wobbly. 









 You tried to mine on Bop, didn't you? 




 ooh right, I almost forgot 




 I couldn't agree more. I can't wait till this gets in games. 




 *bites lip* 




 Hahaha, it is so cute how the flail their limbs ineptly :D 




 I do - ejectable rescue modules. Basically fairing "capsules" with seats on cubic struts with parachutes and slightly tilted sepratrons. I tested that, it works great. Just shoot retrograde and it comes down.

Edit - and of course heat shields, how could I forgot to mention them 




 We should just rip everyone's genitals off so they are not distracted while working. 




 Good day Mr. TheMindsEIyIe, could you come with us, please? 




 They should really make that you can strut the payload to the fairing like you can with procedural fairings. 




 Or sideways 




 If only I had known this yesterday... 




 I should try and make ground-space missile sometime. I am not sure what mod I'd need though. Lazor Systems? 




 Ace Jebediah - what a guy! 




 Uh, where we're going, we, uh, don't need no antennas. 




 Yes. 




 Humans make determinations of things they haven't tried all the time. I very much doubt you don't. 




 Thanks for nightmares. 




 Are you 12? 




 It's after midnight here, I'm in bed.

My irresistibly seductive face.

http://i.imgur.com/kJvdU6z.jpg 




 Not enough meds, then. 




 Check your electricity bill, Teslord. 




 Oh, fantasies 




 Sandstorm 




 I actually began to buy Mountain Dew every so often because of Reddit... 




 Darude 









 Well, I played laser tag in a reputable arena and I don't think this is better. 




 "You'll walk... With a limp!" 




 Reddit is like Monty Python, but completely different. 




  Also the button does not feel pain. It is a button

Ok you got a point with this one. 




 I'll pass, real laser tag is better. 




 Didn't you know? The /r/gaming is all about nostalgia. 




 You are admitting to being a part of the problem - you want the button to last as long as possible, and we all want to know what happens when it runs out. You are despicable.

What if the button is in pain and it screams PRESS because it eases its pain? 




 I wouldn't change my flair for anything. 




 The button clearly says "BUTTON PRESS BUTTON PRESS IT BUTTON THE BUTTON PRESS IT PRESS THE BUTTON BUTTON BUTTON PRESS IT THE BUTTON THE BUTTON PRESS BUTTON IT PRESS IT THE BUTTON PRESS IT NOW", so you are clearly commiting a heresy against the button by waiting. Pressing the button should be your duty since the button commands you so. 




 All purples are equal. 




 Kerbal Space Program: The Prequel 




 A few days ago I landed on Minmus but realized I hadn't restored one of my science instruments, so I went down from the orbital station with a jetpack -if it weren't for ragdolling, I wouldn't have enough monoprop left to do that. 




 I strongly disagree, ragdolling is very fun in KSP. I would keep the ragdolling but as other people have pointed out in this thread, the issue is the recovery. When you want to ragdoll you just let it be and when you don't you should be able to instantly recover. 




 Why do you think it doesn't fit? 




 There was a thread when OP asked what would people do with their clone. A lot of people answered they'd fuck themselves. So, if you'd fuck your clone, your copy must also be pretty much into it. 




 Why? 




 If dV requirements stayed the same, then from Eve to low Moho orbit is is takes 1600 m/s of dV according to this tool

http://ksp.olex.biz/

Something something Oberth effect, like in a sense that a burn is more efficient when done closer to the source of gravity or whatever (except in case of plane change), so it is not very much higher with planets closer to the Sun. 




 Purple Master Race 




 But you liked it, right? 




 My own pronunciation is a wreck. 




 Oooh, I might've seen some of it when I was little-r, but I don't remember it very well. Might see again I suppose. 




 I probably haven't seen those movies because I don't get it. 




 Funny thing with DistantObject, though. I was playing with that in 0.90 and the DO planet dots were not showing up where they should be in map view, but danced around. Idk, I have not installed DO in 1.0 yet. 




 HL3? Maybe, idk. A new mascot guy? I don't see why not, but there is only one change so far, so there is no sign that is should be a pattern.

BTW the current one with the head turning is pretty creepy imo. 




 .cx

 ( o  o) 




 heh 




 Consoles aren't either. 




 "money this with buy"

-st. ermagherd 









 Honestly, I think I'll install it when I get home. 




 My brain hurts. 




 I dare not guess. But the idea of an interplanetary orbital station which flies from place to place stripping places of their fuel and science is strangely attractive. Maybe even smaller inter-asteroid station would pay off with science gains (considering the negligible dV requirements for moving between them). 




 Moho and Tylo are like muggers who stop you in an underground crossing at night and take all your dV.

Eve and Laythe are like pedophiles who lure Kerblings into their cellars with science and lock them up.

"Hey kiddo want some science?" 




 I am also planning to design something like that. 




 I am addicted to alt+F5 




 I once drove a wheeled module 50 km on Duna to my base. Never again. 




 More like a "computer" simulation - I imagine Saint's Row-esque small cyberspace box to test your stuff in without consequences. 




 From my experience, NERVA tended to overheat when on a large craft, but it is still quite efficient. I think it would be amazing on very large crafts constructed in orbit, which I have never done. Eh, I think I should try it and fly it in orbit over Duna. 




  Looks more like a four dimensional engineer to me, though.

The next update is leaking. 




 It is the only way to be sure. 




 Ain't a launch if it ain't blowin'. 




 Is there a mod to unblacklist all names? 




 No, it's just funny how on reddit there are always found people of the same profession field (jest pretenders aside). It is amazing.

BTW any advice for home cleaning?

BTW2: Have you played Viscera Cleanup Detail? 




 So you say keep your best for the last few seconds and leave the apartment only after you have prepared a breakfast for her? 




  As a guy who owns a janitorial company

Are you really? 




 It is a common misconception that only guys piss on seats. Women can somehow do it too. 




 I think I am predestined to be a wizard. 









 no, I was being genuine, because I cannot Seem to think of any 




 I meant knowledge about religion in general, not just the useful bits. 




 What about heat? That kill Kerbals.

[My design is somewhat simpler](http://i.imgur.com/05wzTZL.jpg) (sorry for it not being transparent, there are two cubic struts on top of each other with 2 batteries and 2 seats on sides and 1 parachute on the top inside).  I tested it and it works, the fairings proved to be necessary since the heat/hot air killed the kerbal even behind the heat shield. The spin stabilization works, no need for a reaction wheel. 




 Can you think of some examples of religion-exclusivities? 




