






















































 This is an excellent self.post. Keep it up /u/harvardgrad007 




 The Waka Flakka's are really coming in nice this year. 




 "Explain to me how calling someone what they are is attacking? "

Well when you are accusing someone of something they are not or take issue with being labelled as, you are attacking them. 

It would be like me calling all of the users of /r/conspiratard and /r/subredditdrama, JIDF shills. 

If I were to go on one of those subs and call all the users JIDF, I wouldn't develop some victim complex about my comment being removed.  




 Rule 10 violation. Please stop attacking the users of the sub. Continued violations will result in a ban. Thank you.  
























 It works fine for me. Marketwatch rarely goes down, if ever.  




 We find that Israeli attacks are more likely to occur prior to days with very high news pressure driven by clearly predictable events, they found. There were statistically significant upticks in Israeli military action in the West Bank and Gaza Strip before big holidays or sporting events, but not before things that the Israeli military could not anticipate.


"In the days following 9/11 of 2001, when the rest of the world was transfixed by the terrorist attacks in New York and Washington, the Israeli government under Ariel Sharon seized the chance to send tanks into the West Bank, and attack helicopters into Gaza." 






































































































































 Ugh, if /u/Sleekery agrees with the sentiment of the article I'd better go ahead and take it down.

I was on the fence about submitting it, but now that you came out in support of the article, I have no choice but to remove it.  





























 [According to the British government, the Israeli government has been using archaeological digs and sites as excuses for seizing Palestinian land.](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/middle-east/Israel-using-bogus-archaeological-digs-as-cover-to-take-Palestinian-land-British-government-says/articleshow/46667282.cms)

So take all these artifacts being discovered all over disputed territory in occupied Palestine with a grain of salt. They are being used as cover by the Israeli government for more land seizures from Palestinians.   












































 Moments of laughter ... years of therapy.  









 Tsss ... tsss ...  /r/opieandanthony is the 2nd most toxic fawkin' subreddit, tsss ... tsss.  














 This was my submission, here's the message that I got from a moderator from /r/technology:

"Thank you for your submission! Unfortunately, it has been removed for the following reason(s):
Rule 1.i: This submission violates the sidebar guidelines, in being:
Not primarily news or developments in technology.
Not within the context of technology.
If a self post, not a positive contribution fostering reasonable discussion.
If you have any questions, please message the moderators and include the link to the submission. We apologize for the inconvenience." 









 Just got deleted.  



























































 This is an excellent self.post. 



































































































 I smoke two joints in the morning

I smoke two joint at night

I smoke two joint in the afternoon

It makes me feel all right


I smoke two joints in time of peace

And two in time of war

I smoke two joints before I smoke two joints,

And then I smoke two more 







































 The Jeremy Maclin addition ought to remedy some of these awful, almost catches.  

































































































































 They wrote in the old days that it is sweet and fitting to die for one's country. But in modern war, there is nothing sweet nor fitting in your dying. You will die like a dog for no good reason. 

 *Ernest Hemingway* 




 One of the hardest parts of my job is to connect Iraq to the war on terror.  

 *George W. Bush* 

































































































































 I really like your username.  



















 Indiana Jones and the vintage World War II plane.  





































































