 lemon lime vodka and mt dew 









 Does the fitbit track down to the seconds of elevated hr or just by a minute? If it tallied all the seconds through the day I had my hr Up I'd be intrigued. But if you have to be active for at least a minute to trigger it that's less interesting 




 I don't care about logging or stats, I just want a real time (to where I don't have to hold a button) accurate view of my heart rate at all times on my wrist while I run.

I got a heart rate monitor with a chest strap at Walmart for 50 bucks. Is it not as accurate as the fitbit which is way more expensive? What's so special about the fitbit? 




 You're allowed to have a pen and paper at all times to take notes during the hurry up and wait moments, which was all the time.

I wrote down spells and algorithms instead of my "warrior tasks", then before lights out we played. 




 To put in perspective, a single celled organism can be as small as .1 microns per Google, and a human is 6 feet. 

Using this scale, a .1 micron organism to a 6 foot human is the equivalent of a 6 foot human to something 20,000 miles long.

I realize a solar system is way longer than that, but I wonder if we could eventually multiply to that size or beyond given infinite time.

 




 You just want to be a dependapotamus  




 This was the least likely reply I expected.  




 They knew. . It was busy work  




 Tbh I didn't think it was that clever of a thing. I just figured neckbeards would get a kick out of knowing people played d d in basic. 

That being said I don't care if I posted that I have a 10 inch dick and took a picture of it, if people enjoyed it and upvoted it then I feel no shame or regrets.  




 /r/neversaidiwasaprogrammer  




 Basically tag a reply to multiple comments so you answer 30 people's questions/statements with one comment that appears 30 times but only shows up in your comment history once. 




 we watched military themed movies and had pizza. It was a reward day we didn't have many 




 For those wondering, the drill sgt shouted this at me when he got to me during the inspection.

Army pt shorts have tiny pockets so this was my only option. I ran out with shoes but no socks on thinking it was better to be chewed out for having socks in my waistband than to be late to formation and/or not have them at all.

 




 "Roll to see if you drop the soap" 




 Haven't gone yet but if I do I'll go for French Cuz it's short  and sweet and pays just as well as the others.

For the civilians... a language qualification can net you an extra 300 a month in the reserves 




 I didn't have 10 people at the same time people rotated in and out when they had free time or felt bored enough to play 




 108 on the DLAB hooah 




 Thr army has plenty of nerdy MOSes 




 [I got told this should be a movie too](http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/2x6la8/tifu_by_using_a_ouija_board_in_tombstone_az_will/) also a true story. 




 Jesus people will quarrel over anything in a primitive environment  




 did you go through my post history or do you remember reading that story from before? 




 No you need to have all of your base melee stats maxed out to get into that instance 




