 It's a minimal retcon as a whole. Not so much the idea behind it. 

And as for your comment on why things ended, plenty of gay men go through relationships with women all with different reasons as to why they end. It's just that they're most likely rooted in the fact that the man is gay. 

Again, it shouldn't be the only reason Bobby is gay. But it's definitely some evidence to make the statement that he's gay.  




 Why does anyone a) think he's attractive or b) think he's worthy enough to be a judge of fucking anything? HE LOST! 




 Does not compute. Does not compute. 




 What? A fat joke about a fat queen? Wow, so original. 




 I really hope it's Ginger. I get that Violet really brings it in terms of looks and her presence, but her attitude turns me off. She reminds me of my 17 year old niece, and actually kinda looks like her surprisingly. While Violet is definitely in this competition to win it, I don't think she actually brings anything to it except being pretty. At least with Bianca, we have comedy. Jinkx, we have acting. Sharon, her strangeness. Raja, her androgyny and history of fashion. Tyra, nothing. BeBe, uh... her African-ness? I dunno. I thought Nina Flowers should've won. I don't want another vapid queen like Tyra to win.  









 I'm saying it isn't as far fetched as you're making it out to be.  




 Just because there wasn't evidence of it doesn't mean he wasn't. And there's some evidence: he was with Cloud, a character who was both man and woman, and his relationships with women seem to fail. While not the greatest evidence, it still helps solidify the notion he was gay. I'm not saying it's great writing, but it isn't anymore far-fetched than Wolverine being a Native American Lupine instead of a mutant or Xorn being Magneto and then not being Magneto. 




 And I keep asking why? Because he's been seen with girls? There's tons of gay-for-pay porn stars who aren't gay whatsoever yet they are involved with gay scenes. You're purposely putting this wall up saying "Iceman isn't gay and never was gay" and you're asking me why I call that closed-mindedness?  




 Being black isn't something you can hide. You can hide being gay. You can deny it for years. You can even be completely ignorant of the fact because it is internal. That's where it's closed-minded. You're saying there's NO possible way for Iceman to have ever rejected the idea that he was gay for so long that it became second-nature to ignore his feelings for men and focus on women. 




 But how? As I said, there are plenty of gay men who lead lives with women every single day. This isn't far-fetched. This is closed-mindedness. Sorry.  




 I am agreeing with you that this change is merely for sake of diversity. However, the biggest reason why they don't just make a new character who happens to be gay is because they've done that: Anole, Wiccan, Hulkling, Karma, and Daken. And they're not anywhere near as well-known or loved by fans because there's staying power when it comes to one of the original X-Men and their anti-heroes. It would've been a bigger gamble to make Wolverine or Gambit gay. Instead, they took Bobby "Iceman" Drake and decided to change his sexuality.

Here's where I'm going to argue with you about being inside Bobby's head: Bobby didn't even fucking know. It took Jean literally arguing with him and coming off a complete bitch for him to literally sit down with his feelings and contemplate. Because what took him a few comic book panels took me 13 years to realize in my life. I just wish I had a telepath to sit me down and tell me wholeheartedly I was gay. Further, tons of gay men have had long, meaningful relationships with women despite being gay. Some divorce their wives/leave their girlfriends. Some literally do not. So it isn't far-fetched for present Bobby to not be out or declare his homosexuality. I'm not using his 'short-lived' relationships as the ONLY reason he's gay. I'm saying it helps solidify it.

You're getting quite worked up over something that really won't change Bobby's character/personality. He'll probably still be quick-witted, snarky, and completely full of himself. But he'll be hitting on guys instead. So the fact that you're getting totally pissed about this character being gay does actually speak about something that might be based on ignorance or something homophobic or denial or that we do actually live in a heteronormative society where being gay is considered bad. I dunno. Maybe consider it instead of throwing your hate-filled sarcasm towards someone who actually has a history/knowledge of being gay in today's society and can actually see this happening in a comic book where people have superpowers and people come back to life and people's histories are constantly reworked.  




 And yet he's been with Cloud, a character who is both male and female. Also, gay men can have intense feelings for women, hence one-night stands or even long-standing relationships with women. A lot of gay men actually stay married to their partners due to love. This doesn't erase anything he's felt. Further, if they send the "past Bobby" back with this knowledge, new stories will be told instead of him with men.  




 That's like saying "the US Constitution wasn't written with same-sex marriage written in mind" so that means there shouldn't be same-sex marriage. Sure, Iceman wasn't written as a gay character in mind, but saying this would never happen in real life and then saying this retcon is a "hard twist" is just plain preposterous. If anything, and I'm not saying this is your intention, it comes off as partly homophobic. "He can't be gay because being gay means this and only this." Sadly, sexuality and the way we've handled sexuality for practically ever has caused these types of events to happen. 




 But that's what I'm arguing. People die and characters are brought back. Superman can only leap as high as a 'so-many' story building but now he can fly. Spider-man was never married to MJ or had a daughter. Wolverine isn't a mutant but a Native American Lupine. Sure, a lot has been said about each, but this isn't bringing someone back to life. This isn't giving someone a super power they never had. Or even ignoring a character's history. It's simply saying, "Hey, you've actually been gay this entire time and I, as a telepath, am forcing you to face it now rather than later." And that happens. Gay men are 40 or 50 before they realize they're gay. They're married, have kids, go to church before they truly realize they're gay. Iceman developed ice powers and was forced to deal with that his entire life. I can understand that homosexuality was probably the last thing on his radar.  




