
























 Something that makes me go "WTF", and by WTF I mean WHAT THE FUCK, not Wow, That's Fascinating... I don't come here to be fascinated, I want to be shocked in some way whether it's gore or somebody who accidentally took a shit in their pants at a Dunkin Donuts. I primarily enjoy the latter.   



















 Sorry, I meant it in the sense that there are epic stunts where the camera doesn't cut.  




 Ew FUCK RUSSIA right now.  




 Which cow? I think I missed it. The standing birth almost made me sick but she caught her baby and then it was kinda beautiful.  

























































































 When we get some mods that know CSS or whatever we'll add a FAKE tag.  



















 It has been a very long time since I was actually grossed out by something on this sub. Thank you.  
























 Damnnnnnnn. Also, upvote for Austin Powers reference.  









 The ladder one wasn't anybody's fault but the blonde bitch.  




 I'm not abuckley...  




 I invited MrGhost1 to be a mod but he hasn't been able to accept yet. Are you good at CSS? Message me.  




 Call this number now. I implore you.  









 Damn. That was crazy! It would have hit the reporter in the head! 







































 Basically what the title says. It's gonna be a subreddit to post things that are just totally epic. Think a guy fighting a bear with his bare hands and winning or something... Evil Knievel shit... etc... Hope we can get some great content. Please message me /r/EAF 




 Epic as fuck. Not really WTF but have an upvote anyway.  




 Oh my god. Kill it with fire.  




 His voice sounds so young he might be... He has to be a great actor to play that bad of an actor.  




 I didn't cringe. That is all.  




 Absolutely no cringe. Pure genius. 




 How did you do the dough, and how did you bake it? Do you have a pizza oven? Looks great.  




 very strong cringe 




 Meh.  









 Very WTF.  




 I hope you beat it but at the same time hope you don't. 




 Pure Art.  




 It's like if Stevie from Eastbound and Down became a stoner to impress Kenny.  




 It wasn't that bad... The audio was kinda shitty, but you are definitely talented at drawing.  




 That was hilarious.  




 8 Oz. of Organic Chicken breast 

1/2 Cup of OrganicVille Marinara Sauce 

2 Slices of Organic Mozzarella Cheese 

4 Cloves of Organic Garlic 


Cook the chicken breast with sliced up garlic using pam or some zero calorie spray on a pan, add salt and pepper to your liking. I use a lot of pepper. Add tomato sauce at last minute. Take Chicken off pan and put it on a plate. Mix garlic with sauce and pour ontop of chicken, place slices of cheese on top. Add salt and pepper. Put plate into oven on Broil and remove when it is to your liking.

Also, not pictured I added two table spoons of Parmasan afterwards.  




 She looks like a Michael Jackson pumpkin carving.  









 Why the fuck is it still bitching? You got a good face, asshole. 




 Who loves Shrek this much?? 




 This hurts. He's the best. 




 I'm sane. I say that not expecting you to believe that. No offense, but you're hurting me with that look. See, I'll tell you the truth but let me say everything that's on my mind before you pass any judgement. I mean, I know you'll pass judgement but reserve your final judgement until I tell you everything. 

I hear voices. In my head. Like real voices and they're really mean. AND THEY'RE NOT ME. I know my voice, my voice is the one talking to you. My voice is from my heart. These voices are like ghosts or demons that live in my head. 

I'm so scared. Sorry, I love you. Please, don't say anything. Just. Like. I'm afraid you're not gonna believe me. This is so painful for me. 

See, like, I hear the voices. But I ignore them. I know they're not me but they won't go away. I used to fight them and tell them to get out or to go die or to fuck themselves but then they would attack me. They know my every insecurity and they say stuff at times you wouldn't be able to understand how painful it gets. 

I just heard one laugh. Now they're whispering. I swear this is real. I hear them. I don't think they're me, if they told me to kill somebody I would never do it! I swear! Joann, please believe me. They're laughing even harder now. I just want this to stop. I just want to go back to normal. I hate it here. The voices aren't going away. Their treatment isn't working!  

I'm sorry. I'll stop crying. 

Thank you. Thank you. 

The doctors say i'm insane, but it's the voices that are insane. 

 




 I don't care about fat, it's about calories. I read a 3 second spray is about 15 calories which is still a fraction of the amount of calories compared to olive oil. I looked it up after posting this so I guess the dish is closer to 470 calories. 

http://nutritiondata.self.com/facts/fats-and-oils/9751/2

still way less than olive oil.  




 It says it's blocked in my country. I've been using spectrum cold pressed organic olive oil spray from whole foods. I prefer the taste of olive oil but it's very high in calories so I've switched to the spray and I've been losing weight.  




 I think maybe if they both get really close to death and he saves them she might say it. I really doubt it though. She's really broken.  




 This sounds exactly like it. I wish I could find it.  




 I want to see Skyler say I love you to Walt. I don't know why. Maybe she doesn't... It's just so sad.  




 There was a movie / show I saw on the Sci-Fi channel in the mid nineties when I was about 9 where a guy took a girl to his bed to sleep with her and then the bed ate her and the guy was like "Seriously, bed, you ate another girl I like?" and I think the bed said, "Phil, she wasn't right for you." or something. It scared the living shit out of me. I would love to see it again if anybody know what it is.  




 I mean if Joel Shumacher could shoot this show well I'm sure Jodie will be able to.  




 8 Oz. of Organic Chicken breast - 250 Calories.

1/2 Cup of OrganicVille Marinara Sauce - 40 Calories. 

2 Slices of Organic Mozzarella Cheese - 140 Calories

4 Cloves of Garlic - 15 Calories

Cook the chicken breast with sliced up garlic using pam or some zero calorie spray on a pan, add salt and pepper to your liking. I use a lot of pepper. Add tomato sauce at last minute. Take Chicken off pan and put it on a plate. Mix garlic with sauce and pour ontop of chicken, place slices of cheese on top. Add salt and pepper. Put plate into oven on Broil and removes when it is to your liking. 









 That sounds delicious.  




 Reminds me of the chokey.  




 It might have been Voldemort.  




 I love this movie.  




 I mean... It could be for intimidation... But yeah... We all felt it... Walt is willing to take Jesse out... Perhaps.. I'd like to believe he really couldn't... .Oh god... *tears begin swelling* 




 Link to the original wallpaper? 




 I eat it for dinner several nights a week.  




 Fuckin' Heisenberg.  




 I would cry my eyes out. I almost did tonight because I really thought any second Walt was about to kill Jesse. God, if he does this I will never forgive him and I will completely hope he dies.  




 I would love this... All the things I'm scared of happening such as Walt killing Jesse or Walt's family getting hurt wouldn't happen and all this awesomeness would happen. The show is truly unpredictable but I would be satisfied with your story.  




 That... that was beautiful. What a true inspiration.  




 That's scary to me. The whole thing is sad.  




 How is this funny? 




 Yeah.. When he said nobody else in Hollywood is more up for the role than BA I LOL'd. They better have a good script. S'all I'm sayin.  




 It's a great tasty meal for dieting. Thus it's in Fit Meals and not FoodPorn.  









 Yeah.. it was fun... But it was nowhere near what Rare would have done. The music alone was terrible in comparison. Still, it was fun and I'm going to get that tropical freeze one or whatever it's called. But damn... Imagine a world with the same old rare.  




 I mean... I didn't cringe... He shouldn't have said he didn't want to talk about Bradley Manning, should have made a small point and continues but what's going on in Russia is pretty despicable and should be a topic of discussion especially considering the fucking olympics are happening there and there are many gay athletes.  




 THATS WHAT I THINK. I'm ready to say, OH DIE MARK, how dare you call one of the greatest artists of our time, A DISASTER ARTIST. If THE ROOM is a disaster, you sir are more retarded than Denny, because The Room is a masterpiece, you philistine prick.  




 i really don't want walt to kill anybody hes related to, or jesse, or saul... everybody else is free game... but i love everyone too much.  




 Unless part of her still loves Walt, and she's been afraid of it this whole time. I hope so. But possibly not. It would be nice, though.  




 I felt bad for her but now it seems she's growing some balls, which I hope makes her worth loving. I really felt she might say, in the most recent episode "I love you, Walt.", and I would have just died.  




 Yeah, that sucked ass.  




 I'm not sure if it was in Breaking Bad, but I'm pretty sure Walt is talking to Jesse about how lies put up invisible barriers between people, and with Jane, Walt could never be truly honest with Jesse ever again... I think that was the beginning of Walt and Jesse's emotional alienation. I believe.  




 That.... was amazing.  




 Amazing. Made me want to start smoking weed and stay up all night again. Those were the days.  




 She could just go all Monica Lewinsky on him... Probably would ruin her career though.  




 WTF, that was pretty stupid.  




 I agree with you mostly. She wants a higher quality product with Todd, yet standards won't be high enough, so somehow she's going to try to get Walt back in, and she won't be able to so she might need to persuade him some how, which could involve hurting those he loves. I would be really sad if Walt's family is hurt. Really sad. I really like Skyler now. I want the Whites to live.  




 That's totally what's going to happen.  




 Also, Voldemort is like really evil.. Like really really evil. He's like the most evil wizard in the world and like, he wanted Snape to suffer. You know, just for the lols.  




 There were lots of parallels to the pilot in this episode. Seeing Walt in his underwear, and him passing out in the bathroom. I totally felt like they were trying to evoke the pilot.  




 blue balls is all i can say. major fuckin blue balls.  




 my dog started barking like crazy when i started playing this. he never barks. and he's outside. i'm so scared right now.  




 I'm actually agnostic.  




 Holy Shit, you deserve gold. PLEASE DO MORE. 11/10.  




 That was awesome! And so is God Dangit, Bobby!  




 The Room really is one of the greatest films of all time.  




 It's a really terrible piece of fiction.  




 That was sad.  




 God, that scene is so funny. Charlie Kaufman is a genius.  




 Emma said the Bible? WTHHH 




