 Right. Remember that when the lawsuits fly. Personally, I have no problem w gay marriage but it will be a one way street later.  




 I don't think the state should be involved in anyone's marriage. No special benefits should be doled out by the state.  




 I guarantee you people will begin suing churches for discrimination. Some whacky courts will uphold it.  




 Will you be as passionate in your defense of those churches that choose not to marry gay couples because they feel it impinges on their religious mandate? If so I think both sides win here. I don't see it happening that way personally.  




 [Black hole.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZpVd7k1Uw6A) 




 Enter the Smrtwatch! 




 There should just be the implication that she's the one that's good.  




 They know.  




 To get his landscaping degree, esse!  




 So is glancing at your wrist in front of them.  




 [Let me guess.  You hate him because he's so stupid.](http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view4/1497492/carnac-o.gif) 




 Good!  We need a real ideological contest between Cruz and Warren.  




 The hatred is strong with Reddit. Let it flow through you.  




 Back and to the left. Again, back and to the left.  




 The Birther Movement: Brought to you through the political channels of Hillary Clinton.  




 They just gave him ample time to show he had no intention of actually doing better.  




 Symbolism always trumps substance.  




 $18 trillion in debt and still printing money to prop up Wall Street while mainstreet suffers. The time is coming when interest rates will have to rise again. The Fed can't carry Obama's  water forever.  




 As bat-shit insane as he drives the left I will happily get as many jobs as needed to  help him secure the office of the Presidency.  




 Holy shit! As bat-shit insane as he drives the left I will happily get as many jobs as needed to  help him secure the office of the Presidency.  




 About 2.5 Tbsp of blood.  




 Pakistan is countered by India and isn't openly aggressive toward the US. They even claim to be allies. 

Israel is no threat to the US. 

However, we are actively engaging Iran who repeatedly state that they want to annihilate the great Satan in talks to give them the bomb. 

DURRRRRRRRRRFF 




 Sure. What's the worst that could happen in giving an atomic bomb to people who openly call for your death? I say we roll the dice!  




 Oy vey! The middle guy with the goofy head and jaw thrusting and the other guys staring longingly into each other's eyes.  




 No surprise. There will always be evil fucks in the world.  




 1. Westboro Baptist doesn't run the fucking country. 

2. Westboro Baptist isn't about to be handed the bomb to consolidate power in the middle east and slay the infidels.  




 They're still waiting too. Long time wait.  




 Just 10 million? Can we up that number?  




 Why not share your notes with Reddit? Not intimate enough?  




 Of course yes, death to America" was the exact quote.  




 The word "willies" freaks me out.  




 You should Facebook your sex life. 

What's your name?  




 Why not discuss with mom too? 

Why not Dad?  




 You could try talking about it with someone you're fucking.  




 Of course yes, death to America" 



















 Seems like the more low rent housing the better for Austinites! 

You should get that on a ballot! 

"Austin! The low rent capital of the world! " 




 So we should only isolate the poor of all colors to the Eastside. 

Gotcha.  




 Right on! One of these scientists hit me with their car last week and told me that you can get a good look at a t-bone by sticking your head up a bull's ass, but wouldn't you rather just take the butcher's word for it?  




 Nightmares.  




 Maybe they should designate ALL of the Eastside as Section 8 housing. There are a ton of people living here that really can't afford the pricing. 

That'll make people want to live in Austin.  Problem solved. 

That's still not going to solve the poor white people problem though.  




 Beginning at what income range?  




 "Free"  




 I'd love to hear your solution to the problem.  




 I assume you're talking about the sticker that says white people and not my comment.  




 Yeah! We need some Ferguson fires up in here! 

/s 




 Like what? Maybe ban white people?  




 I believe you're forgetting the Don Lemmon black hole theory.  



















 If you're not asking questions in sales you're doing it wrong.  




 Work on only, and I mean ONLY, asking questions of other people. It will make you better in every aspect of life.  




 What about all that sweet Spotify money?  




 Do an AMA.  














 Thanks! You da real MVP!  














 I thought you said you frequently squat down in public to pick up tips.  




 I'm not judging you, mate.  




 No, I mean the things you bend down a lot to pick up in public: are they tips? 




 Tips?  




 NAKED standing decline bench!  




 Yeah. He wasn't trying to hijack anything.  




 One thing is clear. That little white dude wasn't trying to highjack a plane.  




 I'm sure that the SGA murders were still fresh in people's minds once the technology rolled around a mere 10 years later to enable the Moon towers.  









 Nice human suit you have on.  









 You know. For research!  




 What a fascist wingnut. 




 We're talking about handing Iran the bomb, right?  




 That's why you stock up on ammo.  




 911 was an inside hand job.  




 South by South blast! 




 Question from someone who doesn't know how colorization works. How do you know what color everything should be?  




 That jacket is gray, not black.  




 Srry to hear that, man.  




 You effectively eliminate all of the tax attorneys, bean counters, etc. No write-offs for anyone. Your percent is auto-deducted from your check.  




 Flat tax. Or fair tax. Neither requires an IRS.  




 How long have you been sober?  




 They sound ridiculously liberal. 

Or just liberal in a college setting.  




 Yeah, I don't honestly care that much but also don't want people to off themselves. Oh well, I guess they're on their own!  




 No one will question DeNiro or Christian Bale for sacrificing for their craft.  














 How do you suppose I go about that from Austin, TX?  




 #Your small font is puny and weak.  




 You shouldn't do that. Don't do that.  




 Why?  




 https://i.imgur.com/KWeRx98.gif 




 https://youtu.be/hQvsf2MUKRQ 




 A fork.  




 She'll find another junkie boyfriend or forgive him to stave off the soul crushing loneliness of addiction.  




 Why the fuck would they paint without drugs?  




 HOW CAN SHE SLAP?  




 Mia Idaho  




 We're talking about handing Iran the bomb, right?  




 Wait, we're talking about handing Iran the bomb, right?  




 It already is.  




 God knows they tried.  




 After sitting in a mental hospital for 15 years, you'll escape and return to Haddonfield to kill your sister. 




 https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-13RVBJAgMZ8/VLQeeBJF4QI/AAAAAAAAAsU/pwLWiRV38eo/w450-h214-no/tldr.gif

Nigga, I ain't readin' all that! 




 Or, you know, you could've only posted the link.  




 Gym?  




 Caucasians are albino Asians, right?  




 Knockin' the dust off mommy's little pussy! 




 My penis can't be sad when it's whistling Dicksie!  




 Sometimes you just lose your job! LOL!  




 Yeah, but now they are arguing amongst themselves about whether or not we can be trusted. This combined with Netanyahu's praise of the Obama admin doing more than will ever be known with the Israelis behind the scenes is more than enough to undermine that shit deal. 

Thank God.  









 They're all crazy! 




 You'd love my "cool" exes then.  




 He made all the ingredients and waited for us to combine them.  




 Plant lives matter.  




 Those ingredients were, in fact, made by God.  




 God made heroin for you and me!  




 Sounds like people who are rational enough for an atomic bomb.  




