









 You win. You are a way bigger dick than I would ever aspire to be.  




 First text chat: I'm 6'5".

Third text chat: Oh I meant 5'6". 

 




 The type is not the same and the flag bars are distressed on the target one. The colors are the same, but printing white on Black is very common.

Wow.. so this means [I could distress these circles a bit, switch up the font by a hairsbreadth](http://i00.i.aliimg.com/wsphoto/v1/1604256868/Factory-directly-selling-Captain-America-superhero-tee-shirt-font-b-avengers-b-font-font-b-sign.jpg), print this shirt and sell it without license from Marvel Comics! It's just some generic circles and triangles.

 Creative directors (in my experience) are middle managers that know nothing about design.

Well just call me a unicorn. My experience is in the material arts in the 80's, graphic arts in the mid 90's, digital design experience leading to the founding 2 graphic arts and web design companies in NY. During this period I was a contracted as a writer and graphic arts developer for Jupiter Media (Graphics.com) and started designing advertising and developing marketing programs for the Palms in Vegas, among others. 

Then got an offer as Executive Creative Director with a company on the west coast. 

An Executive Creative Director that doesn't know design is like a doctor that doesn't know anatomy. 


 




 That *one* line in my post was in *response* to business-woman bashing. If you are smart enough to breathe and type at the same time you know that. If not, deal with it.  




 So are you saying that like;

"But usually they're retarded." ?

or 

"They type with their dicks." ? 




 And with resource shortages looming with climate change, keeping as many people poor as possible (less resource competition) while controlled and contained. This is my sneaking suspicion as to why they are militarizing local police forces. 




 The ones on high horses were the ones attacking this woman and casting unfounded and unreasonable accusations at her, when she was obviously wronged.

Coincidence? Did you even bother to go read the news articles or [look at the image](http://www.opposingviews.com/i/social/oregon-woman-finds-her-t-shirt-design-sold-target-without-her-permission)? It's exact. 

I isolated the design and did a google image compare: there are no designs out there exactly like this besides the one at Target. 

And 'it happens' is no excuse when fucking with someones livelihood. Kicking someone when they are already down, from the safety of your keyboard anonymity, is cowardly and horrendous.

It's' also clear to me that the design is copyrighted to her under the electronic copyright act.

Source: I am an Executive Creative Director. 




 Nope - she is very attractive: http://www.opposingviews.com/i/social/oregon-woman-finds-her-t-shirt-design-sold-target-without-her-permission

The only reason I even mentioned it was because of the neanderthalic "She needs to stfu and get back to the kitchen" sort of remarks. 




 No, assholes who kick people when they are down or on the basis of half-formed bullshit make reddit bad. I don't care if they are male, female or donkey.  




 "Absolutely not. In fact, I'd increase it if I could..because I could care less about this place or the people here. As long as I can keep paying for my 7 mansions in other places in the world, fuck California." 

Fixed it.  




 I was - 30 yrs ago. He stuck the bag in his pocket and sent me on my way. That moment killed my naivet about how the world really works. 




 Perfect OP name for this. 




 Why not? He can afford to live wherever he wants with the proceeds of fucking CA in the ass. And he certainly won't live someplace that is dried up. Same with all of these assholes who are profiting from wrecking the planet one area at a time.  




 http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/35pq9j/my_friend_who_sells_tshirts_through_etsy_found/ 




 Like the young woman yesterday who had her best selling t-shirt design obviously and without doubt being printed and sold by Target.

 Redditors viciously attacked her, attacked the design as 'ugly' and 'unoriginal' (as if their fine sense of aesthetics mattered), attacked everyone selling on Etsy, attacked Etsy itself, claimed repeatedly that she didn't have a leg to stand on (when attorneys in the news articles that said she *did* have a case). 

Worst of all the top poster, doing the usual shitty job of playing reddit detective, claimed that she ripped off the Tootsie Roll Indian (on another shirt). That design is actually over 80 yrs old and has been in public domain for years. Despite this being pointed out, hundreds of neck bearded assholes jumped on the bandwagon, calling her a thief and worse. They were so horrible that she literally pulled that shirt from her store. 

This lady is supporting her kids from her screen printing operation in her garage. And these fuckwads attacked her - viciously. 

For what? Being female? Starting her own business? For doing more with her life than whacking it in moms basement? It was inexcusable and inexplicable. You would have thought half the commenters worked for Target. I am wondering if it ended up having a negative impact on her livelihood. 

I am just about fucking done. 




 Maybe I should have put an 'Irony Warning' at the bottom of the post to clarify it for people such as yourself. 




 And if you aren't terrified already- here is everything they didn't (dare) teach you in school about this great country. 

http://www.historyisaweapon.com/zinnapeopleshistory.html 




 They are doing what they can to make it illegal to be poor. At least to make their lives as much a living hell as possible.  




 And according to [Gary Webb](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/marc-levin/gary-webb-was-right_b_6024530.html), and now accepted as fact, the CIA helped bring crack, heroin and cocaine into the US to sell to poor communities to finance the Iran Contra Affair. 

The results of this was [horrifying for south america and us](https://youtu.be/azYxPf_Ahp4). That song was written by Bruce after visiting SA during the wars being brought there from the US. Some surviving villagers told him of the villages people being locked into their church and it being set on fire- children and old people to burning alive. We brought utter hell down on those people - and it was Reagans boys who did it. 
 




 If God turns out to be a woman.. you are in deep trouble, boy. 




 Revelations was written by the Apostle John of a series of visions he had of the "end of days". 

There certainly weren't enough people on earth when it was written to have a huge environmental impact. That is why it fascinates me. Because now we do have enough people and are having a drastic impact. 

Strong's Concordance states the translation for 'earth' basically means: 4a) the earth as opposed to the heavens 

And the word 'destroy' (the earth): 

to rot thoroughly, to ruin (decay utterly, destroy, perish). 




 The Royal Family.

Are housed by taxpayers.

Buy [shellfish and steak and whatever the hell else kind of foods and spices](http://thinkprogress.org/economy/2015/05/01/3653919/wisconsin-food-stamps-shellfish/) they want with tax money.

Live luxuriously [\(with refrigerators and tvs!\)](http://mediamatters.org/research/2011/07/22/fox-cites-ownership-of-appliances-to-downplay-h/148574) with tax money.

Buy [Smartphones, devices and electronics](http://www.snopes.com/politics/taxes/cellphone.asp) with tax money.

Go to [concerts and movies with tax money.](http://www.npr.org/2015/04/09/398566662/on-welfare-don-t-use-the-money-for-movies-say-kansas-lawmakers) 

Buy [expensive cars with tax money.](http://www.business2community.com/social-buzz/welfare-recipients-arent-given-cars-free-gas-0996464) 

Have [as many children as they want](http://thinkprogress.org/economy/2014/01/29/3220881/rand-paul-welfare-cap-children/), supported with tax money. 




  Well, I hope so.

The Indian is over 80 yrs old.
 




 
And the largest disaster NASA had was when they underestimated the effect of weather on an O-ring seal.

And now these insane Koch whores at congress want NASA to get out of 'Earth based science'?

 ...the head of the Senate committee overseeing NASA claimed the agency should stop doing earth-science and focus only on space exploration. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/StormComing/comments/33jvhg/man_survives_2nd_bear_attack_in_4_years_bit_more/ 




 I had no idea, until this moment, that my 'religion' had a name. 




 The average American woman miscarries at least 12 times over a normal lifetime. Most of the time they don't even know it has happened. 




 Or as I used to ask people who asked my opinion on legalization:

"Would you rather run into some Hells Angels high on pot or drunk on Jack Daniels?" 




 This pope has been different about the whole 'rich lifestyle' thing. He got rid of the papal throne - the gilded robes - drives his own old car and lives in a 2 room apartment instead of the luxurious papal residence. At that apartment, filled with priests and bishops, he eats at the cafeteria with everyone else. He also 'fired' a bishop in the states for spending a lot of money refinishing an upscale residence. 

Maybe you should read up on someone before just automatically blasting them. You might be surprised. 

http://newyork.cbslocal.com/2014/03/13/pope-francis-remains-humble-one-year-in/ 




 Actually, it is related to one of Gods last acts toward man, according to Revelations:

 The nations were angry, and your wrath has come. 
 
 The time has come for judging the dead, and for rewarding your servants the prophets and your people who revere your name, both great and small-- 
 
 and for destroying those who destroyeth the earth."
 
 Rev. 11:18 




 The Tootsie Roll Indian is over 80 yrs old and in the Public Domain. Glad you aren't on my jury team. ffs. 




 I am not talking about the victims. I am talking about the News paper. I have 100% sympathy for the victims. 

I just think that the news organization was stupid for trying to turn this into some sort of spiritual event using this part of James 1 about two people who died horribly in a storm.  




 It's labeled 'Tootsie Roll Indian' and that Indian is in the public domain. It's over 80 years old ffs. 




 Actually no, she doesn't. She talks about purchasing good quality, high thread count t-shirts to use as a base for her designs on her website.  




 Whose work did she take credit for? 




 Maybe she should buy some sheep. loom the wool. make the shirt. grow some cotton etc etc.

Yes she hand screen prints the shirts. Exactly as advertised. 

ffs. You would think reddit absolutely hates everyone who even tries.  




 Who did she steal them from? Link to designs or designers? Anything? You are accusing someone in an open court of opinion here. Prove your accusation. 

And the Indian is over 80 years of age and is in the public domain- so that does not count.  




 It's only strong enough for her to support her children on out of her garage workshop. 

Not only do you not admire that- you are obviously an asshole on a circle jerk. Let's see some of your brilliant designs.  




 It's public domain. Once again Reddit hangs an already hurting person from the nearest tree. Nice.  




 She is. The Indian is a public domain image.  




 It's a public domain image. No harm no foul. Except for the knee jerks kicking her on reddit. Fucking classic though.  




 Someone thinks its cool looking - she is supporting her kids on the proceeds instead of being on welfare. 




 Your edit came a little too late - now hundreds of people are blowing this off because they think she 'stole' the indian design.  




 Context and intonation- which you weren't there for.  




  A lot of people also claim they've already seen that #MERICA design on other shirts from other businesses.

That reason?

oh ok.

Too bad that absolutely 0 claims of this were accompanied by links to images.
 




 yw 




 It isn't an American Flag with the word 'America' on it. 

It's a minimalist design of the bars with #MERICA in the space of the stars. And the design she made a year ago is copied exactly by Target- right down to the font type.

Here is a successful and similar lawsuit won by an original artist against American Eagle:

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/07/29/aholsniffsglue-american-eagle-artist-lawsuit-copyright_n_5627862.html

 
 




 You can say the same for Marvel Comics Capt. America t-shirt designs with the American Flag. Does this mean she deserves to be ripped off and they don't? 

Oh- the American Flag has been used before - so we don't have to license your design. 

Or- I don't like the design- so it deserves to be ripped off and monetized by this multinational corporation.

Doesn't fly.  




 Show me where her exact design has been done and I will agree with you. So far I haven't seen it. A lot of companies use variations of the US flag- and all of their art is protected. Why shouldn't hers be? Because she isn't Marvel Comics or the NFL?  




 And neither does the 'artistry' of the design. Yet that argument is throughout this thread.  




 Then tell the licensees of Capt. America flag t-shirts that they no longer have to pay for that particular style. Captains, America, and Flags are everywhere- right?


 Copyright is a form of protection provided by U.S. law to authors of original works of authorship, including pictorial, graphic, and sculptural works. The owner of copyright in a work has the exclusive right to make copies, prepare derivative works, sell or distribute copies, and display the work publicly. Anyone else wishing to use the work in these ways must have the permission of the author or someone who has derived rights through the author.
 A work is automatically protected by copyright when it is created, that is, fixed in a copy or phonorecord for the first time. Neither registration in the Copyright Office nor publication is required for copyright protection.

http://copyright.gov/circs/circ40.pdf 




 
 Copyright is a form of protection provided by U.S. law to authors of original works of authorship, including pictorial, graphic, and sculptural works. The owner of copyright in a work has the exclusive right to make copies, prepare derivative works, sell or distribute copies, and display the work publicly. Anyone else wishing to use the work in these ways must have the permission of the author or someone who has derived rights through the author.
 A work is automatically protected by copyright when it is created, that is, fixed in a copy or phonorecord for the first time. Neither registration in the Copyright Office nor publication is required for copyright protection.

http://copyright.gov/circs/circ40.pdf 




 Tell it to the NFL and Marvel Comics, or any other brand that licenses artwork for clothing and/or printed materials: 

 Copyright is a form of protection provided by U.S. law to authors of original works of authorship, including pictorial, graphic, and sculptural works. The owner of copyright in a work has the exclusive right to make copies, prepare derivative works, sell or distribute copies, and display the work publicly. Anyone else wishing to use the work in these ways must have the permission of the author or someone who has derived rights through the author.
 A work is automatically protected by copyright when it is created, that is, fixed in a copy or phonorecord for the first time. Neither registration in the Copyright Office nor publication is required for copyright protection.

http://copyright.gov/circs/circ40.pdf 




 Her Etsy page and website has been linked in comments from this morning, they are also linked on the ABC News story- if you bothered to read it you would know this. Since you didn't bother to read it, how you could be so self-assured in attacking this person and her small business? 

Obviously I didn't ask for a selfie. 

I haven't seen any other shirt design like hers yet- outside of Target. 

18 years ago the use of the term 'merica' was unheard of as well as the use of a hashtag. 

So I am very doubtful of everything you posted previously. 

I am familiar with US design copyright law having known a person who did a design for fabric wall hanging sales- and found her design on an online poster sale site - a clear rip - just as what happened here.

 She did sue successfully. Hopefully this woman will be successful as well.  




 Obviously you didn't read the story or watch the ABC News video. 

http://abcnews.go.com/US/oregon-woman-accuses-target-graphic-shirt/story?id=30983944 




  that she may have even conciously or subconciously 'borrowed' from someone else

I haven't seen it. 
 




 http://copyright.gov/circs/circ40.pdf

 Copyright is a form of protection provided by U.S. law to authors of original works of authorship, including pictorial, graphic, and sculptural works. The owner of copyright in a work has the exclusive right to make copies, prepare derivative works, sell or distribute copies, and display the work publicly. Anyone else wishing to use the work in these ways must have the permission of the author or someone who has derived rights through the author.
 A work is automatically protected by copyright when it is created, that is, fixed in a copy or phonorecord for the first time. Neither registration in the Copyright Office nor publication is required for copyright protection. 

Searched the hell out of Google. I can't find any other T's out there similar to her design except at Target. 




 Why don't I see a pic of your shirt that is 'exactly like this'? Hers has a hashtag on the front of the Merica- she has a whole line of these. [I didn't know Hashtags were popular 18 years ago.](http://www.sandilakeclothing.com/products/merica-adult?variant=1093863397)  




 If your remark were true every store selling sports or comic logos on shirts would never have to license them. Dead wrong. 

 Copyright is a form of protection provided by U.S. law to authors of original works of authorship, including pictorial, graphic, and sculptural works. The owner of copyright in a work has the exclusive right to make copies, pre-
 pare derivative works, sell or distribute copies, and display the work publicly. Anyone else wishing to use the work in these ways must have the permission of the author or someone who has derived rights through the author.
 A work is automatically protected by copyright when it is created, that is, fixed in a copy or phonorecord for the first time. Neither registration in the Copyright Office nor publication is required for copyright protection. 

http://copyright.gov/circs/circ40.pdf 




 /u/14YearOldsAreHot has one link karma. 

I am seriously thinking that Target has done the same thing that other corporations have that have negatively hit the front page. Sent in a PR team to lead the conversation against the small business owner and manipulate the up/down votes.  




 There is copyright on the art. She could put this on a wall hanging and still be protected by US Law. 

 Copyright is a form of protection provided by U.S. law to authors of original works of authorship, including pictorial, graphic, and sculptural works. The owner of copyright in a work has the exclusive right to make copies, prepare derivative works, sell or distribute copies, and display the work publicly. Anyone else wishing to use the work in these ways must have the permission of the author or someone who has derived rights through the author.
 *A work is automatically protected by copyright when it is created, that is, fixed in a copy or phonorecord for the first time. Neither registration in the Copyright Office nor publication is required for copyright protection.*  




 Beyond the point that Target ripped off a small business design.

It depends - you want a shirt that lasts a few months or a few years?

If you read the article or watched the ABC news video you would see that her t-shirts are individually screen printed by hand using  high-end inks on t-shirts with a much higher thread count than Targets. In other words- her shirts will last much longer than Targets.  
 




 Wrong. She has been selling this design for over a year on Etsy - to help support her kids rather than going on welfare.  




 I bet they don't steal NFL logos. And why should the NFL have any more protection than any small business owner in America? 




 US Copyright Law says different:

Copyright is a form of protection provided by U.S. law to authors of original works of authorship, including pictorial, graphic, and sculptural works. The owner of copyright in a work has the exclusive right to make copies, pre-
pare derivative works, sell or distribute copies, and display the work publicly. Anyone else wishing to use the work in these ways must have the permission of the author or someone who has derived rights through the author.
A work is automatically protected by copyright when it is created, that is, fixed in a copy or phonorecord for the first time. Neither registration in the Copyright Office nor publication is required for copyright protection.  




 The artwork is copyrighted the moment she saved the .psd. 

Copyright is a form of protection provided by U.S. law to authors of original works of authorship, including pictorial, graphic, and sculptural works. The owner of copyright in a work has the exclusive right to make copies, prepare derivative works, sell or distribute copies, and display the work publicly. Anyone else wishing to use the work in these ways must have the permission of the author or someone who has derived rights through the author.
A work is automatically protected by copyright when it is created, that is, fixed in a copy or phonorecord for the first time. Neither registration in the Copyright Office nor publication is required for copyright protection.  




 Spent some time here researching on different image searches. She definitely didn't copy anyone elses design and has been selling that shirt for over a year. 

You work for Target, btw?

All these rather new subs attacking this woman is getting on my nerves.  




 She doesn't have to copyright it. http://copyright.gov/circs/circ40.pdf

 Copyright is a form of protection provided by U.S. law to authors of original works of authorship, including pictorial, graphic, and sculptural works. The owner of copyright in a work has the exclusive right to make copies, pre-
 pare derivative works, sell or distribute copies, and display the work publicly. Anyone else wishing to use the work in these ways must have the permission of the author or someone who has derived rights through the author.
 A work is automatically protected by copyright when it is created, that is, fixed in a copy or phonorecord for the first time. *Neither registration in the Copyright Office nor publication is required for copyright protection.*  




 Nothing.  




 Kind of new around here, aren't you? 




 http://copyright.gov/circs/circ40.pdf

 Copyright is a form of protection provided by U.S. law to authors of original works of authorship, including pictorial, graphic, and sculptural works. The owner of copyright in a work has the exclusive right to make copies, prepare derivative works, sell or distribute copies, and display the work publicly. 
 
 Anyone else wishing to use the work in these ways must have the permission of the author or someone who has derived rights through the author.
 
 A work is automatically protected by copyright when it is created, that is, fixed in a copy or phonorecord for the first time. Neither registration in the Copyright Office nor publication is required for copyright protection. 




 Then they aren't doing their basic homework as a corporation.  




 There are multiple sites out there that give the data what are best sellers on Etsy in different departments. Don't need to google it.  




 So reddit converges on this magazine- viciously attacking it on their twitter feed and Facebook feed over lack of attribution to the band- and it's a pr stunt by the band.

And then this same 'reddit community', a few days later, viciously attacks a woman whose art was actually ripped off and monetized by a major corporation?

I smell a big fat PR team rat.  




 We have a woman successfully supporting her children by creating designs (whether it's to your taste or not doesn't matter) and screen printing them, individually, by hand, in her garage. Then selling them on an online outlet. 

We have a multi-billion dollar, multinational corporation finding the design, probably using [one of the sites that lists the top selling items on Etsy](http://www.handmadeology.com/top-100-handmade-etsy-sellers-2014-by-number-of-sales/), copying it and profiting by selling it nationwide. 

What is your 'Case in point' that makes the small business owner wrong and subject to ridiculous attacks while reddit absolves the multinational corporation? I really want to see it. 

Obviously she is protected by law against this sort of thing. Or did Target send some PR teams in to lead this circle jerk attacking her, attacking Etsy and even attacking Etsy sellers? It won't be the first time a major corporation has manipulated reddit. 

Electronic copyright law says she is protected.

 Copyright is a form of protection provided by U.S. law to authors of original works of authorship, including pictorial, graphic, and sculptural works. The owner of copyright in a work has the exclusive right to make copies, prepare derivative works, sell or distribute copies, and display the work publicly. Anyone else wishing to use the work in these ways must have the permission of the author or someone who has derived rights through the author.
 A work is automatically protected by copyright when it is created, that is, fixed in a copy or phono record (as in a .psd file) for the first time. Neither registration in the Copyright Office nor publication is required for copyright protection.

http://copyright.gov/circs/circ40.pdf 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/35pq9j/my_friend_who_sells_tshirts_through_etsy_found/

What the fuck? We had a band complaining last week about a web magazine that posted their music video without attribution and Reddit was up in arms about it.

Now we have a multinational corporate box store stealing this persons design and selling it nationwide, at a profit, and the 'top' posters on the Reddit story are excoriating and attacking:

a. The person who made the design, 

b. the design itself (as if personal sense of taste mattered to the story), 

c. her online sales outlet (as if that mattered),

d. and all of the other small business people who sell on this sales outlet.

What the heck ?

Are redditors now commonly, en-mass, protecting multinational corporations over the average, hard working person in American who is trying to develop their own business? 

Or are there a bunch of pro Corporate, anti-small business PR people sent to reddit to lead the conversation and up-down votes on stories that make the front page?

This rabid reaction makes absolutely no sense otherwise. 




 Oh jesus I thought it said 'Making a mini sword out of a snail." 




 That has absolutely nothing to do with Electronic Copyright Law:

 Copyright is a form of protection provided by U.S. law to authors of original works of authorship, including pictorial, graphic, and sculptural works. The owner of copyright in a work has the exclusive right to make copies, pre-pare derivative works, sell or distribute copies, and display the work publicly. 
 
 Anyone else wishing to use the work in these ways must have the permission of the author or someone who has derived rights through the author. 
 
 A work is automatically protected by copyright when it is created, that is, fixed in a copy or phono record (such as a .psd creation date) for the first time. Neither registration in the Copyright Office nor publication is required for copyright protection.

http://copyright.gov/circs/circ40.pdf 




 Wrong. She has a copyright protected by Electronic Copyright Act the moment she saved the .psd.  




 According to ECL - Electronic copyright law- it's the 'created by' date on the photoshop psd.  




 What the fuck? We had a band complaining last week about a web magazine that posted their music video without attribution and Reddit was up in arms about it. 

Now we have a multinational corporate box store stealing this persons design and selling it nationwide and you are excoriating the small business person who made the design, the design itself (as if your personal sense of taste mattered to the story), her sales outlet (as if that mattered) and the people who sell on it. 

Wtf ?

Is Reddit now protecting multinational corporations over the average citizen in American who is trying to develop her own business? 

Or are there a bunch of pro Corporate, anti-small business PR people on reddit sent to do this? 

It makes absolutely no sense otherwise.
 









 First good laugh of the day- thanks!

But I don't think he is still here. 




 Testing of Your Faith

2 Count it all joy, my brothers,[b] when you meet trials of various kinds, 3 for you know that the testing of your faith produces steadfastness. 4 And let steadfastness have its full effect, that you may be perfect and complete, lacking in nothing.

5 If any of you lacks wisdom, let him ask God, who gives generously to all without reproach, and it will be given him. 6 *But let him ask in faith, with no doubting, for the one who doubts is like a wave of the sea that is driven and tossed by the wind. 7 For that person must not suppose that he will receive anything from the Lord; 8 he is a double-minded man, unstable in all his ways.*

9 Let the lowly brother boast in his exaltation, 10 and the rich in his humiliation, because like a flower of the grass[c] he will pass away. 11 *For the sun rises with its scorching heat and withers the grass; its flower falls, and its beauty perishes. So also will the rich man fade away in the midst of his pursuits.*

12 Blessed is the man who remains steadfast under trial, for when he has stood the test he will receive the crown of life, which God has promised to those who love him. 13 Let no one say when he is tempted, I am being tempted by God, for God cannot be tempted with evil, and he himself tempts no one. 14 *But each person is tempted when he is lured and enticed by his own desire. 15 Then desire when it has conceived gives birth to sin, and sin when it is fully grown brings forth death.*

https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=James+1 version=ESV

16 Do not be deceived, my beloved brothers. 17 Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above, coming down from the Father of lights with whom there is no variation or shadow due to change.[d] 18 Of his own will he brought us forth by the word of truth, that we should be a kind of firstfruits of his creatures. 
























 I live in a rather bohemian city (very small) in the mountains. This was a new, small business- so I decided to go there in support. We do crazy liberal stuff like that. 

So the guy is talking about how he had a shop in L.A. but decided to move here because it was 'cooler' (literally- we are in the mountains). Then he started talking about local politics in a kind of denigrating manner (while enjoying a glass of the cleanest tap water in the US and breathing some of the cleanest air).

I just maintained a neutral face, to see how far he would go. He apparently took that for acquiescence and said something about how we needed to get rid of all those 'hippies' to "change the liberal politics 'round here". 

Despite the fact that those 'hippies' are the ones bringing in entertainment, creating businesses, painting cool murals, holding art events, fairs and farmers markets, promoting local growth and keeping out the big box stores- everything that brings people here in droves to drop a lot of money into the local economy.

And so I knew where he was going from there - and I was done. 




 [Like this.](http://kochwatch.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/kochbrothers.jpg) 




 I assumed it was a selfie. 




 They used to call themselves 'Tea Baggers' until they found out what it meant. 




 Reminds me of the last right wing whacko I met - a guy who cut my hair. I actually pulled off the smock about half way through and walked out. Told friends to not even go there. I don't think he is in business any longer. 




 I had no idea Kansas had a liberal oasis. Kind of like Austin in Texas? I guess I wouldn't mind living in Kansas. 




 We still have the guild. It's one of the oldest ones in the game. Pretty retired though. A few old players pop in to say hey every once in a while. I am not going to close shop though till the game ends because we have a few members who passed away (accidents/cancer, etc) and I promised their families. 




 Could it be a foreigner with a new drivers license?
 




 This is exactly what we were asking for.  




 Hey. I have chicken thawing right now to make chicken and dumplings.  




 I was there. This vid gave me chills. He also showed up at Ironforge and that was a helluva fight at the gates.

Also remember flying on a taxi bird to Winterspring and saw below this giant flame dog farting and belching smoke and flame. I rode back to where I had seen it and all of a sudden there was this boss, Kruul, walking toward town. Called on guilds and we took him on, about 20 of us. Wiped us completely out. So we called on some more people and ended up in a 40man competition raid with the Horde to see who got him first. 

We wiped-
They wiped

Then we brought him down. 

edit- found a vid some group made https://youtu.be/knwZl7my-NY 




 Exactly. And imagine how he/she/it feels about all of the anti-science stuff going on today.  




 A little long, but you might like this.

25 years ago my Uncle Duane became our family genealogist. He had money from a pharmacology business and traveled to places in Europe and the Mormon library in Utah. He traced us back to Olaf the Tree Hewer. My mother and I were fascinated with this as we continually produce tall children with bright blue eyes. All of the men in my family line are well over 6ft. We also have this tendency toward rebellion. Sample of this at the bottom of the tree, below. Some of these links are spoilers as they contain the lore.

[Olaf The Tree Hewer](http://homepages.rpi.edu/~holmes/Hobbies/Genealogy2/ps05/ps05_092.htm)
m Solveig Haraldsdotter

=[Hlfdan "White Leg" \(-750\)](http://homepages.rpi.edu/~holmes/Hobbies/Genealogy2/ps05/ps05_091.htm)
m Asa Eisteinsdotter

=[Gudrd "the Magnificent" \(~738-821\)](http://homepages.rpi.edu/~holmes/Hobbies/Genealogy2/ps05/ps05_087.htm)
m Asa Haraldsdatter

=[Olaf II Gudrodsson King of Vestfold](http://homepages.rpi.edu/~holmes/Hobbies/Genealogy2/ps05/ps05_086.htm)
m no recorded spouse name

[Ragnvald \(Rognwald\) Olafsson](http://homepages.rpi.edu/~holmes/Hobbies/Genealogy2/ps05/ps05_084.htm)
m [Thora Sigurdsdatter](http://homepages.rpi.edu/~holmes/Hobbies/Genealogy2/ps15/ps15_185.htm)- Daughter of [Sigurd "Snake-Eye" Ragnarsson](http://homepages.rpi.edu/~holmes/Hobbies/Genealogy2/ps15/ps15_186.htm) (~782-873)
   Heluna (Bleja)

Name [Sigurd "Snake-Eye" Ragnarsson](http://homepages.rpi.edu/~holmes/Hobbies/Genealogy2/ps15/ps15_186.htm) Birthabt 782, Denmark Death873

Father [Ragnar "Lodbrok" Sigurdsson](http://homepages.rpi.edu/~holmes/Hobbies/Genealogy2/ps15/ps15_187.htm) Danish King at Lethra (~755-845)

Mother [Aslaug Sigurdsdatter](http://homepages.rpi.edu/~holmes/Hobbies/Genealogy2/ps15/ps15_290.htm)
Spouse 1Heluna (Bleja), Father Ella King in England
Children:
Thora
 Knud (Harde-Knud) (~814-884) 
 Aslaug

Present day sample: My great great Uncle [Harry 'Slim' Sallee](http://sabr.org/bioproj/person/f5ef8e5d). Pitcher for Reds, Cardinals and finally for the Giants during the 1917 World Series 'Black Sox' Scandal. [His picture.](http://i.imgur.com/nACpt.jpg)

Slim barely spent a calm, normal day of his life. Constantly in trouble from the day he was born:

When the routine of practice got too strenuous, Sallee would leave St. Louis' League Park and walk across the street to a social club known as the "Grass Eaters", housed only 100 feet away from the clubhouse. Sallee often "exercised his rights as a member" of this social club. One clubhouse boy said that during games Sallee would lower a bucket over the fence on a rope to a confederate who would fill it (with beer) at the social club.

The players were not allowed to drink, by contract. But Harry would tell stories of being hung out of hotel rooms by the other players, run to a bar and get liquor and come back to the hotel and climb up bedsheets to the room. 

 




 Not with over 40% of Americans now living on Minimum wage. I am sure they are eating anything they can afford; mostly high fat, high sugar crap.

Where are you from, Mars? 




 Chicken. 




 Sorry, it's proven that people in the US are getting fatter and fatter from eating poorer foods and trying to make up for vitamin/mineral deficiencies by eating more. Also the food choices for the poor are overloaded with fats and sugars to make cheap bulk.  




 Just wait.. they are going from fat shaming to poor shaming. Just as bad and as likely they will end up there the way things are going.

I don't know what has happened to reddit lately either- but the most shameful thing is the attitudes.

One note- Poverty is the living, breathing proof of failure of the political and corporate system in a country. To set people up to blame the poor is absolving the politicians and corporate heads of their failure. Don't do it. 




 I knew a woman from West Virginia who moved to a northern city. She married at 13 and had her first child in WV. She didn't know what birth control was or how to prevent pregnancies- knew nothing about it whatsoever- until her first visit to a northern city doctor with her third pregnancy a little over 3 years after the first birth.

This was in the early 1960's. 




 Uh huh. 




 Then they should lie to assholes like this about incipient testicular cancer to prevent them from breeding. 




 Here is another one. [This was hysterically funny.](http://i.imgur.com/eA2QeC0.jpg)

When they first made snowballs in the game the targeted toon would flip over onto it's back. Everyone loved them. 

Also, as I discovered when my friends and I went to have a snowball fight on the SW/IF Tram, snowballs travelled at exactly the same speed as the tram. So the result was that once everyone got off the tram they would be hit by every snowball thrown at them during the ride. 

BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM - the target would be doing flips in the air, totally stun-locked.

So we would lurk around the station, wait till some poor, unsuspecting player got on, get on the last tram car and start pelting snowballs at them. I'm laughing right now thinking about it. 

Also we discovered that if you threw a snowball at a target at the moment they mounted a taxi bird, the snowballs would hit them as soon as they landed - anywhere. 

And blizzard stopped it.. such a bummer. 




 I have a very strong suspicion that all of these new people Activision hired are people who have never actually been able to afford to play the game. Maybe in India or another code sweatshop type operation.  




 You reminded me of [this.](http://i.imgur.com/WkD6yNt.jpg).

My second toon I made a few months after beta -she ended up being a 19 twink and had her little rogue partner (usually my daughter or hubby at the helm of that one.)

Best story I have is;

"Back in the day, mages had unlimited sheeps on the battleground. You also had set battlegroups and would regularly play against the same players.

One day this Troll was speed hacking (a method where they would dc quickly/repeatedly and lag the game for other players) and we caught him alone in a hut on WSG. So I repeat sheeped his ass in the hut while my rogue partner stunlocked and killed everything that tried to come rescue him. 

We laughed ourselves into hysterics. 

Next time we encountered him we did the same thing. From then on out - until they changed the battlegroup system, it was game-on between me and him in every bg we ended up in together.  




 Leveled 3 100's. The rest of my alts I have locked at 90. Not going there. Unsubbing before my next pay date. 




 That's because old school players are accustomed to getting things like Ulduar, Firelands, new zones, Emerald Dream Dragons and Blackrock in a patch. Not selfie cameras. 




 Maybe he is a blizz employee. 




 I am not referring to the 'floating dead' aspect. I am referring to the lack of education, regulation and poverty that let's this continue.

Corporate/Banking groups (mostly multinationals now) are spending millions lobbying for low wages, ending the EPA, ending pollution regulations, ending work safety regulations, destroying what is left of labor power, ending supplemental health care, etc.

This is all part of the "Make gub'ment smaller!" movement.

The result of this, if they are successful, is exactly what you see in India and Bangladesh. Very few ultra rich at the top, wholly unregulated (who never see these streets) and masses of people in poverty.

EDIT: If you have an alternate point to make, man up and debate this instead of dv it. 
 




 Believe it or not- poor people in America are shitting in the streets now. They just haven't been doing it long enough yet to do it in the open. 




 Uh huh? 

How about a debate?  




 Corporate/Banking groups (mostly multinationals now) are spending millions lobbying for low wages, ending the EPA, ending pollution regulations, ending work safety regulations, destroying what is left of labor power, ending supplemental health care, etc.

This is all part of the "Make gub'ment smaller!" movement.

The result of this, if they are successful, is the exactly what you see in India and Bangladesh. 




 Everything you said, and:

Second, ungate professions. Put fixed gem slots back on gear. Give us our enchants back. I don't understand why reforging, meta gems, and most enchant slots were removed. I LIKED having to invest some time and resources into my character. These days, getting gear is boring as hell.

I will add; "Slow Down", and reserve Heirloom gear to a few slots, like trinkets, gloves and belts.

Leveling speed and ease is ridiculous. Now there is no reason to level professions, because why bother to slot a gem or enchant or make a piece of gear you or your customer will only use for a couple of hours? This also means none of the made items can sell on the AH. When leveling and moving through new areas/dungeons was challenging, these items were important. Now you never die.

So now there is no reason to revisit old raids and dungeons where rare patterns drop. Or travel to different areas to farm materials, gain various faction rep for some recipes and make special items. That's a huge chunk of the game that is just gone.

I have 10 yr old toons with enchanting, alchemy, leatherworking, who have rare and very cool old school recipes that are now worthless. There was no reason to take this away from players- and it is a slap in the face of those who have invested time and money. 




 A few stacks of dynamite and a bic.  




 Go through the old patches from back in the day. Every few months brought major new content: http://www.wowwiki.com/Patches/1.x

At bottom of the page you can click on 2.x, 3.x etc to see those patches.  




 10 yr player. I already feel burned.  




 The farm was cute- but anti-social and had nothing personalized about it. Fixing just those two things and anchoring it in SW or IF (for ally) would have been awesome. For personalization you could get plaques with achieves or pics of some of your fav screenshots on the walls.  




 They did not give us exactly what we wanted. What we requested was the option to have a 'place' that we could bring others into; up to and including our guild members. That's all. 

We didn't want mind numbing missions that virtual followers would go adventuring on. We wanted missions that our groups/guild would go adventuring on. We didn't want them to kill professions along the way, either. 




 Never did buy this. Wow is not a 'closed ended' game that you 'finish'. I remember we (me and my beta partners) deliberately took our time to level up- no rush. Why should there be? We wanted to explore - quest and see *everything* the game offered. 

This whole 'people too busy now to play long time' is a fallacy that has led blizz to believe everyone needs to be able to lvl to max in a week, when we took months.  




 Content content content. This is why wow was exciting:

Patch 1.6.0

Blackwing Lair introduced

Darkmoon Faire introduced

Battlemasters introduced

Patch 1.8.0

Dragons of Nightmare - The four corrupted dragons from the Emerald Dream. (encouraging spontaneous 40 man groupings to kill them- and they were tough.)

Silithus - Totally revamped zone for level 60 solo players and 5-man parties.

Patch 1.9.0
	
Instances: The Gates of Ahn'Qiraj

The Ruins of Ahn'Qiraj (outdoor 20-player instance)

The Temple of Ahn'Qiraj (indoor 40-player instance)

New Tier 2 Epic Armor Models and graphics

Linked Auction Houses


Patch 1.11	

Naxxramas, (40-player raid instance), a massive necropolis floating above Stratholme

I could go on - but you get it. 


Patch 6.1. ... barf ...

 




 

**Patch 3.1**

1. Ulduar

2. The full Argent Plaza and Argent Tournament

3. New ways of gaining reputation with capital cities.

4. All new daily quests, achievements and titles.

5. New rare and epic items, tabards, pets, banners, faction shirts and mounts.

6. Players level 40 and higher able to visit their trainer to pay a one-time fee (of 1,000Gold) and access the dual talent specialization feature.

**Patch 6.1.** 

1. Selfie Camera. 

*I have no idea how any player can support this bullshit*. 

 




 A lot of old school players, including myself, (after hitting 100 on a couple of toons) have locked their other alts at 90 and don't go to Draenor. 




 I'm the hahahaha person. I think it's all funny, regardless. 




 I'm fucking terrified. Nightmare material right there. 









 Geologist told me in 2001 that a side effect of climate change could be heating of sub-surface gasses, leading to an increase in volcanos and earthquakes. Been thinking about that lately. 












































 I came here to say just this. It was acting like an elderly scientist when I first entered. I kind of knew this was going to happen though as soon as Walmart started selling home computers.  




 Hope everything is ok. You in Oklahoma? 




 I have seen fresh cut wood in the Sierras the past two years that looked like it had been kiln seasoned- it was that dry. Fresh cut.  




 Many have been wondering why all these countries (including the US) have been militarizing police and doing home based 'Urban exercises' with the military.

I came to the conclusion that it had to do with future, climate related disasters a long time ago. 

And here we are.  




 Another story http://www.dw.de/tornado-devastates-btzow-in-northern-germany/a-18430793 









 America is only awesome as long as we prevent the banks and corporations from impoverishing us to this point- while insisting the government provide safety nets.  




 "Hey lol (I'm hitting front page with this shit)" 




 12? Not cringe. 22? Serious cringe.  




 
If you think about it- every new 'hate the poor' law so far this decade leads directly to this for everyone. I never remember growing up or in my 20s to 40's ever having an issue finding a public restroom. They were a matter of course. Now- everywhere- no public bathrooms? Ok.

This is the end result of that stupid bullshit.  




 This is why Jews have no moral qualms with running some of the most massive porn industries on earth. They use Goyim (non-jewish) women whom they are obligated to respect about as much as cattle. 

The word 'Chick' is actually a derivative of very nasty word- it comes from Shiksa or 'prostitute'. It was first used for women in a movie directed and produced by a jewish film group. People have no idea.   




 I know someone who has been a registered sex offender for 10 years. His crime? Having sex with his 17 yr old girlfriend after he turned 21. 

And the girlfriend started dating the prosecuting attorney and ended up marrying him a year after sentencing. 

Meanwhile, the 'sex offender' can't get a job because it reads as 'rape of a minor'. They had been dating for over a year.  




 But I'm pretty sure they can be [tarred and feathered.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tarring_and_feathering)  




 Tar and Feather= we need to bring this back big time. 




 Quick- xpost this to /r/notheonion 




 Been here - no clue. Probably just some more anti-woman-are-bitches-getting-this-out-here-for-hilarys-run astroturfing. 




 I have no clue what this is about and I have been here all day.  




 Tar and feathering used to work really well. Not sure what happened to that. 




 The shitstick doesn't fall far from the tree.  




 I love these. Figure if I ever start breeding fish again this is going to be the filter set up.  




 I have a several Congo tetra, 3 german rams, school of neons, small school of dwarf neon rainbows, school of blue eyes (gertrudae). 40 breeder. They have lots of cover. 

I would not do frogs- I have seen them eat small fish.  




 Of course! I'm the kind of person who seeing an ant on the floor will carefully pick it up and put it outside. Empathy for living things (I call it love) to a near pathological degree.  




 Flourishing? I am ready to start inventing recipes. Shrimp Chips, anyone? 

I am not sure. This is a non co2, planted tank that has an Eco Complete substrate (20b) layered with some natural sand / dirt from the river out back (Sierra glacial stream) + fluorite (20lb). 

ph 7. Other parameters good. Temp around 77-78. 10-15% water change once a week or so. I use a little flourish once a month + plant tabs at base of larger plants. 

I have several different kinds of mosses- normal java moss, subwassertang and some mini fissidens that I got to attach to the castle roof.

They eat whatever they can scavenge plus 3 algae tabs 2-3x a week. Wardley Pleco tabs- aspirin sized ones. 

The shrimp were a couple of baby hitchhikers that came in on a little bundle of plants. Took me a while to figure out where they came from.

Now I have a colony in my low tech 29 bowfront. Must have hitchhiked over when I was moving / trimming plants. 




 You are saying we torture animals because some people are egotistical, arrogant dumbasses.

Gotcha  




 The top line (8 degrees) is if we do nothing at all.

The other two values (2 and 4 degrees) are what we get with slowing and stopping carbon fuel burning combined with a massive, global geoengineering program to recapture CO2 using technology that hasn't been invented yet. 

None of these take methane release due to melt or any other feedback mechanism into account. 

I need a hug. 
 









 Absolutely. They should be cut out of the 21st century- onward- completely. How dare they think they can live like modern human beings?

Starbucks it is, friend.  




 It's not my 'assertion'. It's NASA's + many other studies combined. Check the video I posted. 




 Your post just gave me a flash remembrance of something I read decades ago. Just now looked it up and it is how I remembered it. 

 In Russia there comes the hope of the world, not as that sometimes termed of the communistic, or Bolshevik, no; but freedom, freedom! That each man will live for his fellow man! The principle has been born. It will take years for it to be crystallised, but out of Russia comes again the hope of the world. (1944) No. 3976-29
Edgar Cayce.

Now when he spoke this and even when I read it (in the 70's) Russia was the great evil on the earth.  




 I have noticed the ones that use that word the most are the ones who ultimately vote to keep the most unpatriotic things in place. With the GOP stacking congress/senate we are screwed. 




 This is the entire point to developing a fascist system. And it is exactly why they get entrenched and are hard to remove. 




 The whole 'bad women' and 'crazy feminists' stories started hitting about 6 months ago. Right about the time Hilary started hinting at a run for office. I believe it is deliberate astroturfing by GOP PR groups.  




 Zero growth rates are only a part of the equation. [Right now we are on track toward an 8 degree C warming.](https://youtu.be/8akSfOIsU2Y) That's a planet killer. Right now the 'survivable' 2 degree mark relies on development of a carbon sequestration technology that doesn't exist and isn't even being worked on by any scientific organization or country.  




 I think we should make them all use tin cans with string. 
And we can take their drivers licenses and cars away. And make them wear flour sacks with a yellow 'P' (for Peon) sewn on so we can tell them from the real citizens. Then once they are completely castigated from the rest of society we can put them in labor camps.  









 All mosses can help with the nitrate cycle. Marimo is just a lot of cleaning packed into a small ball. 




 No filter necessary with plants. That dispenser has been set up over a year. [This is the heater.](http://www.amazon.com/Hydor-7-5w-Heater-Bettas-Bowls/dp/B006JVQ67K/ref=sr_1_fkmr1_2?s=pet-supplies ie=UTF8 qid=1431012344 sr=1-2-fkmr1 keywords=miniature+1.7+w+aquarium+heater)

I change about 1/3 the water using an airline about once every two weeks and run a stiff toothbrush on the inside glass if there is any algae. Other than that, I don't touch it.  




 Love [Rainbows](https://facinatingamazinganimals.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/melanotaenia-trifasciata.jpg?w=717 h=475) + school of [Congo Tetra](http://i.imgur.com/gJpbihF.jpg) + large school of [rummy nose tetra](https://youtu.be/uJF6z9SBVGA). Love the schooling behavior of these guys.

Schools of 6-8 of a couple varieties of rainbows, 6-8 congo tetra (two-3 male, rest female)

More rainbow varieties:

http://pixshark.com/blue-freshwater-rainbow-fish.htm 




 1 Gallon is fine for shrimp. My dispenser is 1.5 gallons. 

Here is a gallon shrimp bowl. http://www.plantedtank.net/forums/showthread.php?t=121025 









 Shrimps! http://i.imgur.com/PjOAMN7.jpg http://i.imgur.com/vZnJR2v.jpg

Get a tiny heater, plenty of plants- a little java moss. In this one the heater is under the substrate. 




 One option is to get a couple of java/marimo moss balls to keep in the tank. http://www.fishlore.com/fishforum/aquarium-plants/103662-what-point-moss-ball.html

It will help your tank re-cycle and in the future help prevent another crash if you lose power again. 




 It is wonderful to see goldfish in a proper environment. These guys have suffered from so much disinformation over the years it's mind boggling. 

They are gorgeous. 









 Thank you Kate. I was wondering about that this morning.  




 So weird how the second the word 'nuclear' is in a post there are suddenly more comments than usual - pretty rapidly too.

I have actually tested this on long dead threads and seen an influx of nuclear supportive type comments within minutes.

You would think there was some kind of alert bot running on reddit.   




 Hi. The 'lacy' moss is plain Java moss tied on with cotton thread. By the time the cotton rots away the moss is imbedded on the driftwood. The little grassy plant is a micro sword. 

The floating plants are common duckweed (Lemnia Minor) and Miniature Water Lettuce (Pistea). The water lettuce has the longer roots. 

Red plant- as long as lighting and fert. requirements are met, Alternanthera Reineckii var. mini is nice. If it gets too big just trim it. I have the large type in the big tank. Another option is a mini Cryptocoryne. They tend to be more brown than red usually.

The thing with red plants is the proper fertilizer balance to maintain the color. 

Also- none of my tanks have Co2. I cover them during the day with fitted plexiglass and run a light bubbler at night.  




 Thank you! I started working at it when I was 12. Started a couple of other businesses some years ago but I will always be a hobby keeper. It is living art. 

http://i.imgur.com/Hg5aKMk.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/tqnl1nH.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/PjOAMN7.jpg 




 Anubias are low light plants. Even though some lights look bright to the human eye, the key for plants is the correct spectrum. This is also a very deep tank, which is going to make a big difference on your lighting needs. 

Also Anubias don't need the correct strata for rooting. 

If you want a planted tank, a few suggestions.

Make sure you have the correct base for them to root in.

Research lighting and apply it (could be a bit expensive).

Research fertilizers and apply. (also slightly expensive).

Don't keep soft plant eating fish if you want plants such as anacharis. 

You can never add too many plants at once. Stock it up. 

10 hours of lighting will lead to an algae nightmare. No more than 5 hours of correct spectrum lighting a day. 

Otherwise you can stick with low light plants, such as anubias. Research low light plants if you plan on only having two tubes on the tank. 

Definitely change out your bulbs for a plant spectrum bulbs, regardless. 




 Here's the deal with 'hungry' fish. Since they have to hunt for food most of their waking hours (in the wild) just to stay alive, they do not have a 'shut off' switch in their brain telling them that they are 'full' -like humans do. They don't need one. 

Since you are artificially feeding them please ignore the begging if you know they are actually eating every day. Check bellies after dinner. Unfortunately, consistent food begging by fish has killed more than I like to think about.  




 Very pretty! Nice job. And bettas never hold still. Had to figure out high speed settings to take pics of my fish. 




 /u/msgreyson got it. One more thing with mystery deaths to check is cleaning products. Turn off filters before using heavily scented or odorous cleaning products, dust spray, bleach, ammonia, etc. Always make sure soap is rinsed off the hands before contact with tank water.  




 Do you have a water softener?

One thing you can do is add a very small piece of (dead and bleached) branching coral to the tank to add a bit more naturally dissolved calcium. About an inch per 10g. You can also add a level teaspoon of pure epsom salts per 20g. This can help with snails with thin shells as well. Just keep an eye on your ph. 




 Beautiful! Wonderful that you have given them a proper habitat.

I was working at Byerly's when these were first imported to the states. Back then only males in breeding mode would color that nicely.  




 Because people get mad when you fuck with their internal fantasy worlds? Ya thanks, was in the tropical/salt fish business for 30 yrs. 




 Bet you fed the guinea pig lettuce.  




