 Lemme guess, Australian? 




 Please tell me what you did to get this infection, so I know never ever ever to do that thing 




 Ow. 




 Vomiting up an empty stomach just compounds the misery. That does sound brutal 




 I suppose it would be better to just get a bop on the head when you break a bone and wake up when the morphine has kicked in.

 A girl I know fractured her ankle playing netball and was crying and vomiting with pain. It took 2 cute paramedics and a morphine whistle to get any kind of calm about her. 

I hope never to break a bone. 




 I haven't even broken a bone or had a baby yet, so I have a feeling I don't actually know what real pain is 




 Like we have with the show. It'll be fun to come here and talk about what happens in each chapter. Maybe it'll keep me from smashing the book in 2 days and missing all the tidbits. 




 Heh radical 




 I don't expect it to last...and when they can do break up again I just have to bite back my "I told you so" and be sympathetic again 









 To give people the feeling that they are doing something by doing nothing 




 I am so happy there are people like you to help lazy people like me 




 My husband likes to fondly call me Cunt Rocket.

And when he is asking me if I want to get some drinks, he asks me if I am getting on the cunt tonight.

Our relationship is weird 




 I admit, it wasn't continuous work...I had a few breaks but yeah, it is just part of my work. 

I am a Transplant Scientist. We do the workups for Cadaveric Organ Donors and like last night, we can often have 2 donors in one night (a single donor takes about 7 hours). I was On Call and that means I work my normal 8 hours and then if any donors come that night, I do them too. 

So I left for work at 6:45am on Wed and got home at 8 this morning...and slept til 4. 









 I am not a boating person, but who doesn't have their anchor attached at all times? 




 http://adventuretime.wikia.com/wiki/File:You're_not_-_A_Genius_001.JPG 




 Gabba 




 Thanks. He is a snuggle pie. Definitely takes advantage of warm laps and half-finished blankets :) 









 This is what I was picturing:

http://www.reddit.com/r/gameofthrones/comments/36bnvu/z/creji47 




 This was what struck me first. With all the quiet, mysterious dignity the priests of the many-faced god possess, I am sure it would come crashing down each time they have to wrangle out the big ladder. I just imagine them yelling at eachother, trying to coordinate a big pole with a hook on it which they use to get the faces at the tippy-top.

"No Hank! The other old lady! The one with the big-ass mole."

"I can't bloody see the mole Bill, it's dark as shit up here!" 




 I did say something to some kids the other day, and so did another lady. 

As expected, it didn't do shit 




 Ha ha, yeah maybe a little wait 




 He'll probably return with a handmade jumper :D 




 Yes! Look at those cold lifeless eyes! 




 Now I am just imagining a Machamp with a Magikarp's face 




 Just calling 'em like I sees 'em. I'm sure you have many other redeeming qualities...burliness, for example.

Just don't come to Australia though...it is actually illegal here for a fisherman to catch a carp and release it again. They are supposed to kill them on site  




 This works because carp are [ugly mofos](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3e/Carpe_miroir_de_17kg.jpg) 




 In Melbourne it is free, and you are allowed to park on the footpath as long as it isn't blocking the way 




 One can only hope that anything we make lasts long enough to be loved to death 




 Buried under handmade blankets. Send help.


And by help I mean a cup of tea and maybe a muffin. 




 Ringwood East. Across the road from the train station :) 




 This place is literally around the corner from my house. It's dangerous. Although this time I was able to resist because I had already spent my money on a fabulous sequined jumper from the 80's 




 Nothing but patterns, baskets of yarn, doilies, throws, lace, fabric... 









 Yeah I was going to delete it but I decided not to let it bother me that much 




 Turns out that any image posted anonymously can't be edited :( 




 Thanks but I think being on my mobile makes it not work for me :/ Oh well, I'll just stay on this sinking ship I guess 




 Can I? Great. Maybe then people will lay off.

Edit: I have no idea how :( 




 No idea. I assumed he could do it when he reposted. It is exactly the same as his title, so maybe it just does that? I honestly did not write it 




 Mine too. Mind you, in most cases my car could barely achieve 1km over the speed limit. 




 *sigh* yes. He clearly did it to draw people to my post and start berating me...which is exactly what happened.

If you feel the need to go on about hypocrisy I suggest you go to his repost and tell him all about it. https://www.reddit.com/r/melbournecirclejerk/comments/368zpu/spotted_another_privileged_bourgeois_child/

I do not feel that I have been hypocritical in my comments 




 It is my picture. This is my original post. Sixteen_kebabs reposted 




 OMG. Ok let me explain this clearly.

I took the picture. I posted it to r/melbourne. U/sixteen_kebabs reposted my pic with that caption in r/melbournecirclejerk.

SO...when you criticize the "person who took the picture" you are criticizing me...when I have made no mention of having an iPhone 




 That's not my caption! sixteen_kebabs reposted my picture with that caption 




 Save room for your door 




 If you have been linked here from /r/melbournecirclejerk know this: I DID NOT WRITE THAT CAPTION! 




 Oh, I see. Someone from /r/Melbournecirclejerk has linked you here.

I DID NOT write that caption! 




 Can I clarify that I never initially meant this to be about the bank account of the car owner. As my title suggests, I was merely referring to the *power* of the car and expressing my feeling that a Learner probably shouldn't be at the wheel of something with so much oompf.

I am perfectly aware that rich kids need to learn and their parents' car is usually the most available car. I am not specifically attacking the wealthy. If this were a turbo skyline or a massive V8 I would have the same qualms. I feel that driving a car with power should come later in life, not when you are still learning.

I am not sure where this "exploiting labour'' comment came from either. I never once wrote that

 




 I don't understand where that quote is coming from...I never wrote that 




 Where does the original person claim to be using an iPhone and where does it say that they were complaining about using the exploits of labour? Are we reading the same comments?

I did take the pic...with my Galaxy S5. I was merely trying to point out that a Learner driver probably shouldn't be driving such a powerful car. I wasn't trying to make this about people's wealth 




 Uhh no.

I have a Galaxy...which I paid for myself, and unless you are sitting in a cave Redditing via smoke signals, you can't say much about people using technology.

Edit: Pay attention to usernames people! The comment he referred to is not mine, hence my confusion 




 I wasn't meaning difficult 




 I don't buy drugs tho.... 




 You not being in it would be a good start. 




 Says the person trying to convince me that I am wrong 




 Keep trying 




 For a person claiming not to be dumb you sure are making a good show of it 




 Yeah...I don't have a Daewoo. What a terrible attempt to be a wanker 




 I agree with you mostly. You can't automatically assume that an owner of a car with power is a bad driver, but putting a bad driver in a car with lots of power it a very bad idea. It usually makes a bad driver worse.  




 Well I am not sure if a Learner was actually behind the wheel of this one but it was roaring off and weaving through traffic like most idiots who own too much power. If it was a Learner he has bad habits already, and if it was the owner then he certainly doesn't seem like he will be teaching his child the proper road rules if he can't use them himself. 




 I was wondering that about Learners. Stupid rule 




 What kind of person trusts a 16 year old with that much power? That is a very fast way to lose your car and your Learners permit

Hijacking my top comment to point out that the title you all see is not my original title. I did not write it. Imgur automatically filled in the title after /u/sixteen_kebabs reposted my pic. For further info, see here  https://www.reddit.com/r/melbournecirclejerk/comments/368zpu/spotted_another_privileged_bourgeois_child/. So please stop accusing me of hypocrisy 









 **thinks 









 "Yeah, if you could get that camera out my face and let me nap, that'd be great." 




 No,  just hand done :) 









 I'm on mobile and it was a bit laggy. As the foil got flipped the video cut out and went black. Confused the shit out of me 




 I deliberately misread.


Context: I work at a Transplantation lab. On Call at my work involves coming in and crossmatching blood of a deceased donor with recipients. If I were to misread a result, the wrong recipient could recieve the wrong organ...and could die. If I were to do that deliberately it would be a one-way ticket out the door 




 I know right? I am just crossing my fingers that easy births run in the family 




 None taken. We scientists are a weird lot. Quite a few of us say "huzzah!" when things go well in the lab.  




 I haven't even got kids yet, and I am already looking forward to getting my tubes tied 




 I actually am. I kid you not 




 Yeah, great contribution there. 




 Man, what an absolutely stupid thing to get annoyed about 




 That ship has sailed unfortunately. She has her tubes tied and he has the snip.

No more bebbehs, even for science.

Which is a shame coz I am a scientist, so you know it would have been a quality experiment 




 Ignorance and conspiracy theories?

Little extreme for simply believing that this was advertising.

Unless you are being silly. In which case, ha? 




 That is a great looking tree. 




 When pregnant with her 3rd, my sister just woke up in the middle of the night and thought "hmm...I think I am in labour." Not wanting to push her luck because her 2nd only took 2 hours they bundled into the car and drove to the hospital (20min drive). She walked up to the counter and told the nurse she was in labour. The nurse, of course, saw no reason to hurry and actually told her to go home. My sister persisted, so they started to walk her down to the birthing suite. After 5 or so steps her waters broke and 7 minutes later my neice was born.

It all happened so quickly my BIL almost missed it. I can only hope I have it that easy when I have bebbehs 




 Where was that attitude when the Boltons were rustling her jimmies? 




 Hey, I was convinced it as Lion King too!
It isn't hard to be nice while proving someone wrong, and if you are it'll just make them more open to changing their opinions 




 You just keep digging that angry little hole there champ 




 Who doesn't? 




 And, on the flipside, we have people who riddicule others because they don't recognise the works of some street artist. 




 Here we go. I think we can decide it is this Sunfigo character:

http://farm8.static.flickr.com/7605/16727638530_bf155543d2_m.jpg 




 I am going to be a little nicer about it and show you this picture:

http://farm8.static.flickr.com/7605/16727638530_bf155543d2_m.jpg

I just did some light sleuthing and it seems this Sunfigo guy uses this image a bit 




 Corner of Spencer and Batman 




 No, this one is on the corner of Batman and Spencer 









 I only just moved here 6months ago, so I am not familiar with everything this fine city has to offer. 

We will be based in the Eastern suburbs and don't want to blow our life savings 




 Morphine is a cruel mistress.

My mum popped them like candy towards the end (Metastatic Ovarian cancer). One day, I think it was Mother's day, I gave her this cute little swan dish for her to keep her tablets in. Shit man, I just think that's messed up for an 8 year old to deal with...and I'm the one who dealt with it.

Glad you got to have at least that small something from her. It does help a bit
 




 Touche 




 ...no 




 I meant, you were trying to somehow blame an unrelated occurance on "female privilege" and your name suggests you are a virgin. Maybe the two are related... 




 Thanks :) 




 Why? 




 She was 12 




 Croydon ringing in!

http://i.imgur.com/HOL0dY6.jpg 




 My mum passed in '99 when I was 9. She left my sister and I a letter, full of all her hopes and dreams for us and helpful advice. It was tough reading it, but it made me smile....except at the end.

It was never finished. It just cuts off after a little paragraph about how swearing is for dumb bunnies. She must have died before being able to finish it.

I'll never know what else she intended to say, but I try to live by her words as much as possible.

Except for the swearing thing. Curse words are the spice of life. 




 What you commented, in combo with your username, paints a very clear picture 




 I knew nothing about your original post, but I was instantly able to tell this was in Australia. Both from your clothes and that gorgeous view. Is that NSW? 




 Jokes on you, I sleep on an ensemble. You must be tiny 




 Take that back or I'll kill you! 




 I love this. Adult Finn is such a badass 




 Not really contributing to your point, but I just loved how Dany was "we gon get hitched. No arguments" and Hizzazz Kravitz just stared dumbly. I felt kinda bad for him, like maybe he already had a fiancee and Dany just shat all over their wedding plans 




 I understand that, but instead of validly calling out people on shitty behaviour, half the comments are just about women-hating.
 /r/theredpill is even worse

I just think that things like these just purpetuate the problem. Maybe if men stopped claiming that women only did these things/got away with these things because they are women, instead of just assholes then these women might stop trying to use that as an excuse 




 Right? She is just back where she started, getting hitched to a lunatic...cept now she has some bitchin new threads 




 The hype of last season when she came down the stairs and said "shall we go?". 

Last year everyone thought that was the start of her getting her littlefinger on 




 I just feel like she hasn't really achieved the level of sass and manipulation that I was expecting. She hasn't really done much at all except look aloof and cold. 

I love sassy book Sansa, but cold show Sansa just doesn't do it for me. 




 My dad raised my sister and I from early teens after my mum passed. 

One afternoon, a few days after he and I went out for lunch, an acquaintance of his came up to him and said "Who was that hot young thing you were with the other day?"

My dad said it took every ounce of my his self-control not to punch the guy as he told him "that was my daughter you sick fuck."

Single dads must cop it so bad 




 Subs like that are a jokes. What about just labelling all the people in there as horrible people....why do they have to be horrible *women*?

Plus, some of the vitriol spewing out of the subscribers sometimes makes me wonder if it is truly one sided. 




 He might later 




 No heavy flaying within 30mins of eating 




 My husband says this to me all the time, and my response is almost the same as Sam's.

I may be intelligent, but some days it is a goddamn miracle I make it through the day without walking into oncoming traffic. My husband isn't well-educated but he just *understands* the world so much more than I.

Combined, we are an unstoppable duo and our children will be geniuses.


...or...y'know, have the IQ of wet sock 




 Yes but I can pick my dogs up by the scruff and put them outside if they annoy me.

Can't do that with kids 




 When I smile a really big smile, I show a lot of gum....and I hate it. I was always self-concious of it until I met my husband. He likes it. He likes that it means he has really made me laugh when he see my gums, and makes it his personal mission to make me "gummy-smile" as often as possible 




 I'm going to make the call here and say it was deliberate 




 This makes me so anxious. I want to have kids but I also really really don't want little monsters jumping on my exposed crotch 




 I am female and I have one of those alarms somewhere, but honestly if I heard one going off in my street I would probably ignore it, paying it off as a car alarm or some punk kids. I put zero faith on the thought of someone running to my rescue upon hearing it 




 I am so glad to see that I have seen almost none of these movies 




 My husband still wont let me forget taking him to see that one. He was not prepared 




 For some horrifying reason, I remember watching this as a kid 




 Hey, fuck you guy! 









 Maybe the same reason why there is nothing on his roller...its a set-up 




 In what world is calling somone a cunt a fair critism?!

The tweet isn't even about her writing 




 Deep 




 My dad always just got two Father's Days. He has been a mother and a father to me for 15 years...he deserves 2 days. Helps makes Mother's Day easier 




 https://www.reddit.com/r/uglyduckling/comments/2gqjzj/smiling_and_being_happy_made_most_of_the/

Well, seeing as 14 year old me couldn't get a date and 24 year old.me is married, I would say the response was positive 




 Yes 




 Find a restaurant she likes and see if they have gift vouchers. You can usually print them at home 




 Bad AskReddit questions 




 But she said nothing about a milkshake... 




 Play online chess, bake some cookies, find out the lyrics to that old song you like and learn them off by heart, eat all the cookies, learn how to draw a human eye, pick a year in history and learn everything notable that happened that year 




