




 Holy cow!  What are your favorite parts about it?  I saw it once and I didn't plan on seeing it again 




 I think the best way to listen to this album is exactly as the title suggests:  on random!

For some reason I get tired listening to the album in the proper order.  I simply expect and anticipate which song is coming next.  Partially because there is long silence between the songs.

However, putting it on random not only surprises me with which songs come on the stereo but also with how they sound.  Songs that I got used to after a long time sound fresh and different.

I like listening to their albums usually all the way straight through but with RAM I get tired of the general arc.  The album progresses from disco songs about the dance floor, loneliness, weariness, and sadness (the party lifestyle) to songs about hope, looking beyond, and rising above the world (the transcendent lifestyle).  At least that's the way I see it.  And it's a good arc, but it all seems divided right down the middle by "Touch" and I get the general flow of both sides of the record after a while.

So anyway for me putting it on random gives it a new spin.

I'd love to hear other people talk about how they listen to the music and what sort of themes they see in the different albums. 




 Wow that's sweet! Did you make that just on your phone?  There's an app for that, right? 




 I think it's hard to say if a film is rewatchable when it just came out last year.  How many times have you seen Captain America: Winter Soldier?  North by Northwest is my favorite rewatchable film personally and I've seen it about ten times.  My second favorite is Raiders of the Lost Ark and I've seen it about eight times.  It helps that those movies are from a long time ago, because any instant "cool" factor or shock value they could have had back then is long gone, leaving only the heart and integrity of the movie. 




 Pulp Fiction doesn't rely entirely on the "wow" factor of intertwining stories, although most Christopher Nolan movies do.  I wish Christopher Nolan had more moments that were interesting in themselves, not just interesting in how they play into the rest of the movie.  For example, the toaster pastry scene in Pulp Fiction is very clever and something that you would have a hard time finding in a Christopher Nolan movie.  Nolan has a hard time just letting a moment relax by itself; even the neat hallway rotating scene in Inception is intercut with several other scenes to increase the "impact" in a very unnecessary way.

I feel like Nolan is a Sundance director on steroids.  He focuses mostly on characters and initial shock value to please his audience.  Thus his movies get a lot of buzz on release but have a harder time remaining relevant and enjoyable over time. 




 I watched this movie at the Chinese Theater a week after it came out and they started playing the IMAX film upside down.  It was pretty hilarious, especially after a spiel about how Christopher Nolan had personally examined every frame of the film.   




 For starters you should read the full chapter of "Autobiography of a Yogi" that Scott is quoting from.  I wonder if the words missing were omitted on purpose or were just garbled up in the static of the night 5 phone call.  Anyway the whole chapter is really interesting because it mentions how everything has a "life force" including metals and plants... perfect evil scientist material.  

I wonder if the purple Freddy suit is a metaphor for the Golden Freddy suit when it was/is inhabited by the purple man.  I'd imagine that he cannot dismantle or disarm the robots while in the suit and so he leaves it for greater mobility, speed, and motor skills.  The reason why he goes to the safe room is so that the robots will give up pursuit and turn around, giving him a chance to attack from behind.

The newspaper clippings from the first game are really interesting too, that's what got me started on the "mad scientist" theory.  Here was a post I made on the subject a while ago: http://www.reddit.com/r/fivenightsatfreddys/comments/2wh7qu/why_did_he_kill/

I want to beat the secret mini games for myself but I haven't done that yet.  I don't understand why giving the dead kids cake helps free them...  Every mini game takes place in the perspective of either a robot or a previously-robot dead kid, so it tells us how the robot characters see the world and interact with it.  Maybe the "glitches" represent some sort of supernatural transcendence... like the robots have to go to the underworld to save the kids or something. 




 I think the Night 5 secret call is helpful:  

"It is lamentable that mass agricultural development is not speeded by fuller use of your marvelous mechanisms. Would it not be easily possible to employ some of them in quick laboratory experiments... Countless uses will be made by future generations."  

So there's "potential" for these robots besides being basic animatronics.  

Maybe he takes the robots apart in the mini games because he feels guilty and afraid of his creations and hopes to put them to rest.  Unfortunately, the souls of the kids refuse to go away and he ironically is forced into the suit.

As for why the souls don't leave the animatronics, I think of the classic ghost cliche of improper burials and unnatural deaths leading to hauntings.  Think "Poltergeist" -- ghosts haunting a house because it has been built on their burial grounds.  So when he takes apart the animatronics, the animatronics are no longer coffins for the kids.  They are free, but in the "Bad Ending" they still haunt the area and only in the "Good Ending" are they free from Freddy Fazbear's.

As for how the marionette fits into all of it, you've got me beat. 




 I always thought that he was attempting to give the animatronics life by killing the kids.  What if he isn't against the company but is actually trying to make more money by creating robots with personality? 









 I love that one the way it currently is too... I guess I am a sucker for the classic woodie experience and I don't want it to be replaced everywhere. 




 I love that one as it is and hope they don't change it 




 A friend sent me this website and I couldn't believe that I had never heard of it before!  I love his attention to detail and psychological analysis. 









 I didn't take the beef jerky.  I paid for the two cookies, the first one had gotten stuck! 









 Why and how 




 I left the jerky in the machine because I felt guilty 









 I do :( 














 Throw down for what? 




 Bump what? 









 For some reason I thought it was the Blue Ball Machine music at the beginning https://youtu.be/KVdqwD_bcPs?t=1m14s 




 This is why movies should use more practical effects and miniatures 




 So great 




 Also doesn't help that many of the heads are now looking at you 




 I still think that's the scariest part of the whole series.   














 I was 5 and I thought Thunder Mountain Railroad was just another train ride.  Boy was I wrong! 




 I've beat every other mode on mobile but Golden Freddy mode is practically impossible.  Toy Bonnie and Foxy are the ones that get me every time, one or the other... 




 I like that movie a lot 




 3spoopy5me 




 "You watch robots.  Robots watch you." 




 Go Biola 




 Really glad I got to ride it 




 You can open the reboot panel and close it, Foxy is not triggered until you turn back to the right 




 It's fake 




 That's awesome! 




 And he's looking right at me the whole time.  Great 




 I always hate trying to find him when it's just an arm or a leg in the far corner of the screen 




 What did the tickets look like? 




 "I was saved..."

Someone should make a post about the theology of FNAF sometime haha 









