 Ah thanks for the input! I'm just a confused first year wondering whether to continue my degree or just switch out completely to something far more general like CS or Civil. 




 Just to add, my Geomatics Course requires a range of courses from programming in SQL/C/Matlab, remote sensing, GIS, Linear Algebra+Calc, etc. (It's also credited by a couple surveying and engineering organisations) 

Will surveying degrees have this too? 
























 Do NOT attempt to take beta blockers for the first time if you aren't used to them!  



















 Please show us a sample D: 









 If anything, I think companies will usually value diversity over speciality so long as you have the necessary skillset.Just my 2c, one employer I talked to once told me that when he goes through job applications, it is the masters/phd degree that makes you who you are. 









 *in a very soft voice*

g-g-geomatics? b-b-because... m-maps... can be u-useful for e-evil stuff too...

*goes back into hiding* 




 Just to give an overview of what courses we have to take:


Using SQL to program (also learnt C, C++, Java and Python), SDI, GIS, GNSS, Geodesy, Standard math (calc+lin. algebra), land administration, ER Modelling, relational algebra, remote sensing and some geology courses like applications of geophysics, tectonics   geodynamics, field mapping and sedimentary geology.


Are GIS careers really my only option?


To open more doors, I have the option of switching to structural, civil or environmental, should I do it or stick with what I have?


I'm really open to all advice so thanks in advance! :)
 




 That attributes to the nature of the invisible hand not the accumulation of wealth. 









 So this is the quote: "An "invisible hand" directed individuals and firms to work toward the nation's good as an unintended consequence of efforts to maximise their own gain. This provided a moral justification for the accumulation of wealth, which had previously been viewed by some as sinful"

I don't understand how this accumulation of wealth can be positive and a good thing. Someone help? 




 Are you alright?

"yes!"

No! You're all, all left!!11!!1!1.1!

 









 Surveying is something that interests me but it would be nice if there were other options as well. 




 Sometimes I feel as though my engineering field isn't "real" engineering compared to ME,EE,CE,BME, etc. I really really love stuff that involves GIS,GPS,GNSS,Geodesy, etc. Was really inspired after using Google Earth for the first time and used to handmake crude maps of my countryside and local forests when I was younger so I decided to go into Geomatics. However... while employment isn't a real problem, i'm considering changing to Civil or Environmental just for added breadth as that's what my peers tell me I should do... 




 Just to give an overview of what courses we have to take:

Using SQL to program (also learnt C, C++, Java and Python), SDI, GIS, GNSS, Geodesy, Standard math (calc+lin. algebra), land administration, ER Modelling, relational algebra, remote sensing and some geology courses like applications of geophysics, tectonics   geodynamics, field mapping and sedimentary geology.


Are GIS careers really my only option?

To open more doors, I have the option of switching to structural, civil or environmental, should I do it or stick with what I have?

I'm really open to all advice so thanks in advance! :) 









