 Was on a camping trip with some friends, in which we all smoked weed and we're drinking. A girl that I had invited brought a friend along that none of us really knew. As I stood there giggling at nothing and everything due to the bud, she looked me dead in the face and said "you're a drug addict and I hate you." it took me completely by surprise as I hadn't done anything to this girl and had just been standing there happy as fuck. For some reason this was the most offended I have ever been to this day.  




 Next time I'm definitely avoiding the mirror, that shit was too weird 




 Thanks for the advice, I'll probably just end up waiting then. No point in fucking my body up for a high.  




 I read about that actually, but I really rushed this for my first time. Honestly the nausea wasn't as bad as I expected and during the trip I didn't get the soreness that I've read about in other reports. I'll definitely try it next time though.  




 I also had a few questions about tolerance. I would like to try this again in a stress free environment, because I feel like it could really be a great drug. How long do I have to wait in between doses? If I were to take 600 seeds in a few days, would I get similar results?  




 Hey there r/drugs, I just tried lsa for the first time and figured I'd share my experience. Took 300 seeds of heavenly blue morning glory, chewed to a paste in my mouth, and then swallowed after letting it sit in there for 20 minutes. 

After about an hour I noticed the effects starting, which at first was just insane euphoria. Put me in a great mood and made me want to keep trying different things around my house. 

After about 2 hours I started getting slight visuals, which at first was just that my floor was kinda swirling around and would raise and lower in waves. 

After about 4 hours, things started to go bad. I think this is when I really started peaking. I went into my bathroom and stared at myself in the mirror, amazed that everything I was looking at was exactly as it was around me. Then my face started morphing and it was like looking at a totally different person. The area around my eyes were black and really trippy looking. This kinda freaked me out, so I decided to just listen to some music. It was amazing. Sounded so real and so right, and I was also getting slight CEVs, which were just fractal patterns. It was then that I noticed the voice in my mind. I could hear my thoughts as if someone else were talking to me, and could only focus on one thought. Kept getting stuck in weird thought loops. Decided it was too freaky and went to sleep. Not an easy task when you have a loud ass voice in your head. 

Next morning rolls around as soon as I opened my eyes I could feel the liquid firey shit brewing in my stomach. It was probably the most disgusting thing I've ever felt, and I'll spare the details of its exit from my body. Other than that I felt totally normal, other than a really sore leg and back. Was in a weird mood for a few hours where I felt nothing, good or bad, about anything. This subsided by noon and since then I've felt great. Overall I'd say it went pretty bad, but that probably had a lot to do with my being stressed about having to wake up early and pack for the weekend. I plan on trying it again when I have nothing stressful on my mind, because it really was fun at first. Thanks for reading! 

Tl;Dr- peaked after 4 hours, felt like a small schizophrenic, and slept it off. Next day I pooped liquid fire for hours 









 I actually did 700 last night (probably my tenth time on it) and it was bullshit. Or so I thought. Got the typical visuals, like wavy walls and the weird see through blobs. Didn't realize I was actively hallucinating until I would have a convo with a friend, turn around and then they'd just be gone. Worst part was when I decided to take a shower, started it up, and realized I didn't have a towel. So I go to my room to get it and totally forgot about the shower. 2 hours later I had to piss and was getting angry because my roommate was taking so damn long in there. Took me a good amount of time to realize was I did.  




 I like to think so for myself. Was in a bad place after making horrible life choices, which when coupled with preexisting depression was pretty awful. Tripped one night with some friends and while they were having fun, I sat against the wall having insanely vivid flashbacks. I mean things I didn't even know I remember were coming back to me. It was then that I realized that my life truly wasn't as horrible and hopeless as I always thought it was, and that the issues I was dealing with at the time weren't going to ruin my life, but rather lead me down a new path filled with endless opportunity. Since then I haven't gone through bouts of deep depression as I always had, and I've had an overall positive outlook on my life and future. Since then, I can honestly say that I've been happy for the first time in my life. 

Edit: I should also note that I'm not a daily, or even weekly user. Smoke weed every so often, and trip like once a month. 




 Yeah that's what I use too! And I usually just save individual albums as playlists and choose one of them once the trip gets going  




 For me personally, music is what makes the trip. It's like the songs are unrecognizable, as they seem to slow down, and it also seems like extra layers are added that weren't there before. That's really the best way I can describe it, it's like the drug adds beautiful riffs that aren't there sober. As for artists, my go to trip albums always come from Floyd or the Grateful Dead. The solos become something amazing and special. Occasionally I'll listen to trap, but the best hallucinations I've gotten are with my two go to bands. 




 Hey there r/drugs, just trying to spark a discussion on my favorite part of tripping on dxm. I'd love to hear your thoughts on it, and I'd like to share mine as well! So some questions to get things going.. 
1) what type of audio halucantions do you get when you mix music with dxm? 
2) what are your favorite genres, artists, etc. while tripping 
3) how would you describe the difference it creates in the music to someone who has never tried it? 




 I'm glad Google is a thing, otherwise I probably would have always accepted that as a fact 




 At first I ft nothing. Then next thing I know I'm laughing at stupid shit, and I knew I was already fucked. It was one bowl. One. Now, I'm waiting cosmos with Niel De whatever tison. Mind is blown right now, and I think I'm still coming up.... I missed bud so much 




 I recently made a post about how a dxm trip opened my eyes and cured my depression. It was the trip itself however and not the afterglow that lifted the depression though, so that's pretty much just luck. If you're curious however, I was on about 1200-1500, not really sure of the exact dose.  




 Just overall not caring about anything. I can't think of the word I want to use right now, but pretty much nothing really mattered, everything and everyone were just bleak and there. And pretty much anytime I messed up I'd get thoughts of suicide that wouldn't go away. Before the trip though all of that was really intense for some reason.  




 Definitely a welcome change. It's like my mind is finally clear from some kind of fog. I was really surprised that it happened from a dissociative though, as I always thought it had the opposite effect.  




 Hey there r/drugs! I very recently had the trip of my life with dxm and thought it was definitely worth sharing. I'm pretty experienced with dxm, so large doses are pretty much the only way I can get my kicks (around 1200 this time). Typically I just get the robowalk, headspace, and music sounds freaking amazing. That combined with those crazy awake-dream things makeup a usual trip for me. 

This time however, it was totally different. I was in a pretty bad mental state before the trip due to my depression, and this led me to get seriously close to killing myself. Luckily my friends there stopped me. Anyways, I sat there in my depression crying like a little girl when I started getting these vivid memories. Things I could never remember before started flooding into my mind and before I knew it I was able to remember everything that's ever happened to me. Like things from when I was three and beyond became insanely clear, and I just sat there and watched my whole life unfold. After this I realized that my life is truly not that bad, and that the depression I've always felt has been for nothing. I gained an appreciation for life that I've never felt before. 

This was about 2 weeks ago and I can still just go back to all of those memories, and since then my depression has been nonexistent. For the first time I had a truly life altering trip. 

The reason all of this is so amazing to me is that for the past few years I've had different repressed memories come back after smoking bud, and every one seemed so crippling. But now that I've seen the big picture I've come to realize that for everything bad that I've remembered, I also have something to be grateful for. 

Tl;dr tripped balls on dxm and unlocked all of my memories, curing my depression. 




 This is the only comment on Reddit that literally made me throw my hands up and walk away laughing for a few minutes 




 I can totally relate to the last part. When I first started listening to Floyd I basically skipped to my favorite songs, but now I start on song #1 of the album and make sure it's not on shuffle. I think it also has a lot to do with the way they connect the endings and beginnings of their songs too. 




 Whilst afoot though the summer trees,  
I can't help but notice the beautiful green,  
and multitude of color through the leaves.  

As shafts of light weave and leave their sheen,  
I feel myself growing far more fonder,  
That I have escaped society's ween.  

But now my thoughts begins to wander,  
And I travel to a place in my mind,  
Where all I can do is think and ponder.  

And now that my mind is no longer confined,  
I realize that nature has cured me of being blind. 




 As someone on their way out of high school, I've never realized how true this is until now. A vast majority of our learning process (at least in my school) revolves around cramming every formula and theory into the students' heads without allowing us to learn to apply it and use it as a problem-solving tool. Honestly my senior year math (calculus) was the first math class I've had that truly requires the student to apply the skills they've learned, rather than just spitting information back out. There's a big difference between memorizing the rules behind differentiation, and actually possessing the ability to use and understand the processes behind them. 




 I broke my foot trying to walk on my hands once, so that was pretty ridiculous. 




 I'm not sure if it's like this in most places, but in my local head shop you are not allowed to say bong. Doing so will result in you getting kicked out of the store.. which I learned the hard way. 




