 David Lee. Hate everything about him.  




 100%. watched this movie at least once a week when I was younger. would definitely pay for the theater experience 




 DAMN JR. SO DISRESPECTFUL 




 yeah that's the only reason he's in haha. he wanted that one 




 bets on lebron missing second on purpose to get the board?!?!
Nevermind lol 




 Lebron in just for the triple double lol 




 Lebron boutta go from being guarded by Jimmy Butler to being guarded by Demare Carrol. hahaha he gonna be just fine fg% wise 




 Even games where it looks like hes playing terrible, finds a way to get that close to a trip dub. crazy 




 MY PENIS CAN ONLY GET SO ERECT. IM SAVING MY DAUGHTER FOR YOU DELLY 




 holy shit. like, why? 2 seconds left. go at the rim 




 they've been sayin it since 2010 and it was never a reality. blinded by names. now theyre all old and bad and they gotta break up the band 




 dont go too crazy 




 Hot damn, we have a winner 




 DELLY OH MY GOD MARRY MY FUTURE DAUGHTER 




 Who's the Holy Spirit of our team? MozGOD, Outback Jesus... but who is the third of the Trinity? 




 eeehhhhhh debatable 




 "horrible agent but a beautiful man" doesnt at least make you chuckle? haha 




 Confirmed.  




 hahahah it's funnier because of your name 




 as long as she doesnt talk 




 lol 




 you're right. i'm sorry. bad idea. but if it happens tho? be pretty awesome. definitely prefer 12 feet and in 




 I just want Lebron to come out and stroke a few 3's back to back to back and step on their throats. kill any confidence they might still have and gain a rhythm in his jumper. perfect scenario 




 Lebrons gotta fund his jumper at some point between now and the next series. I dont know how many more games we can squeeze out with him shooting this bad 




 dont play Kyrie again, Blatt!!!!!! he needs rest for next series!!!! 




 Lebron needs to learn the art of the 10 foot pull up. Attack that baseline drive but instead of getting clogged up under the rim, pull up real quick outside the paint for that touch shot 




 IMAN SHUMPERT MUTHA FUCKAS. YOU DONT CLOSELINE THE BEST FLAT TOP IN THE GAME AND EXPECT NOT TO GET GOT. BLAP BLAP 




 Is Kyrie my new favorite player? Because this is how you become my new favorite player.  




 WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON 




 Yeah. we played bad. Lebron took bad shots and got in semi foul trouble along with mozgod. TT, JJ, and Kyrie locked it down tho. POSITIVE VIBES EVERYBODY, MAINTAIN POSITIVE VIBES 




 PUMP FAKE AND DRIVE. LITERALLY THE MOST EFFECTIVE MOVE IN BASKETBALL.  




 Okay, so this is my least favorite version of Lebron. He'll turn it around and win this game, but I just hate when he opts for transitions 3's and deep 2's so early in the game.  




 I think the immature thing to do is to care what people on the internet think and do in response to what you think and do.  




 exactly 




 she's adorably attractive.  




 Gorgeous, chrome plated horse whip 




 I think Delly is the most liked player on this team by his teammates. Lebron was talkin him up about how he's the toughest player on the team and a lotta "my boy" and stuff from other guys. These guys are really coming together and forming that championship bond you want to see. Really cool 




 Now that, is a helluva car 




 Exactly. Bron took Eric Snow, Larry Hughes, Donyell Marshall, and freakin Joe Smith to the NBA Finals when he was, what, 21? 22 maybe? That's incredible.  




 Put him on the block and let him go to work. been killin all game when we do that 




 DELLY AND TT's CHEMISTRY IS UNBELIEVABLE. LOVE THOSE GUYS 




 LEBRON GOES HARD IN THE MUTHA FUCKIN PAINT BITCG 




 okay. time to go to the rim 




 But Lebron drives in past Butler and Noah hacks the shit out of him and no call. Dont understand 




 When Bron is "banged up" he always finds a way to have one of those games. Love it 




 Lebron :D 




 Yes agreed. That scene was too much 




 Such a Lebron thing to do 




 "You, you take picture with Mozgod. Will be good for you, come." I love the great and powerful Moz 




 Yeah exactly. Hope he comes back strong next season 




 U-kendrick lamar 




 The thing is, he knows it isn't a rule that you can't use the review time as a timeout of sorts. Everybody uses it, so you have to assume it can be beneficial for both sides. Also, he was the one begging for a review because he thought more time should have been taken off, not put on. So, it is  his fault that we had time for Lebron to command the ball. No reason to be salty at anyone but himself 




 Is Chris Bosh one of the most likable players in the league? Seems like everyone genuinely wishes the best for him and wants him to succeed. It's actually really awesome to see 




 My entire life, the Cowboys have sucked 




 tasty smores? 




 bet I can guess your age 




 So mad it's not on Netflix anymore. Never got around to watching it but so wanted to 




 the fact that no character is likable is kinda why i like it so much. in a very twisted way 




 Also my favorite Nolan film. I thought it was awesome and thought provoking 




 Excellent movie. Casting was perfect 




 Love Zombieland. Really surprised me 




 Those movies are fantastic and hilarious. The Rodrick character was perfectly cast 




 Interstellar when Coop is watching the recording from Murph. My emotions were so confused. How do I react to my daughter being the same age as I am? Such an unusual concept but I was crying way more than I should. After realizing he missed 23 years of her life in such a short span of time, makes you understand how fleeting life is. McConaughey did that scene extremely well too 




 Fuck Disney for making me deal with a love story followed by a depressing death in the span of 4 minutes. Just plain rude 




 Crap. Forgot about that scene. Feels 




 The father-son scenes with Costner are the best parts of the movie. He did excellent 




 Oh god I balled like an infant. Done so damn well 




 Yes, this, 100%.  




 So, just to clarify, you're saying if it was a completely different story and absolutely nothing about the film was the same that any character could feasibly be the main focus? Can you confirm? 




 I think you're forgetting just how tiny he is. And a big man with bad feet don't last long anyway. (ie. Yao Ming) 




 I think Brent Barry is far and away the best analyst/color commentator doing playoff games right now. Least biased, most insightful, knows when to shut up, and just generally a good listen during a game. Also, Ian Eagle is a great play-by-play guy. Watching this Wiz/Hawks game and I love the commentating  




 Well, that's a shame.  




 But they go in for their college accomplishments. Not the culmination of their collegiate and professional careers. If a player is going to be inducted based on their professional career, they have to actually earn it.  




 all im saying is, he's 27 years old and the past two seasons have been his come up. he hasnt done anything except break some 3 pt shooting records. that doesnt equate to HOF status 




 Yeah that's true. I guess I just dont see him getting enough space to get 3's off. Hand check rules were very different and him being virtually 7 feet tall, keepin that handle would be difficult 




 Pippen and Rodman come to mind. But if he drives into the paint against the Pistons and gets beat up like MJ and Scottie did, he's done 




 very different circumstances 




 I think you cut his minutes in half in game 5. Delly has been playing like a champ 




 Oh so Derrick Rose is a hall of famer? god that term is thrown out so much, it means nothing. you have to actually earn a spot in the hall of fame over the course of your career. one season doesnt make you a hall of famer 




 But injury prone. He could impose his will physically and hang with those guys for sure, but he just wouldnt have a very long career 




 You think glass tiger KD is gonna take some hits from the bad boys? lol nah 




 Yo that's an instrumental track from the Interstellar soundtrack. That's cool. Much inspire 




 And it makes no sense that they dont like him. He is the polar opposite of a Gregg Popavich who is a douche bag to everyone who asks him a question. Blatt is thoughtful and answers every question with charisma. I dont get it 




 Wasn't he trying to open a tab? not order one? 




 About to have my second ACL surgery. Believe me, Derrick Rose's determination and dedication is of the upmost inspiration and I wish him all the best. And I'm a die hard Lebron fan.  




 no dude, im askin the guy who posted the comment what he's saying. read what he said. grammatically it makes no sense 




 Wh... what? 




 Bruh. game 6, 2012, Boston. Most pressure he's ever had on a game in his life. 45 pts, 15 boards, 5 assists. I like that Lebron 




 HAHAHAHHAHAH HELL YEAH CAVS FANS 




 yeah, the iso hesitation jab step pull ups are rhythm killers individually and as an offense. take a rhythm jumper or make a quick decision. dont hesitate whatever you do  




 CATCH. THE FUCKING. BALL. OH MY GOD 




 Is Tristan my new favorite player? I think he's my new favorite player. Anyone confirm? 




 totally agree. just like to see more effort close out wise 




 tristans floater game on fleek tho 




 Too many open 3's from the Bulls... Good run to tie it up but we cant allow a 3 point shooter to shoot with no one within 10 feet of him 




 haha youre shitting me right? just turn the game on before that post turnover? get outta here 




 can somebody fuckin be strong with the damn ball. this is bullshit 




 God I love Bob's 




 Like as extra scenes or a bonus feature or something? I was curious why he was such a small part of the film 




 Bruh, Lebron shot 8 for 25. 7 TO's. that's not a season average. Kyrie cant jump or sprint with one foot. that's not something that happened in the regular season. dont try to act like theyre playing normal. if Lebron and Kyrie play like the duo theyve been all year, this isnt a game. 
And I'm perfectly content being down 1-2 because we have the best player on that planet on our squad. Also, cleveland doesnt have a home court advantage. their home crowd was basically terrible so those first two were neutral site games as far as im
concerned. 
In the end, being down 1 to 2 without a 17 and 10 guy, without a play making shooter for the first two, and with a plethora of injuries isn't the worst it can be. I have faith in King James.   




 are you? sounds like a pretty biased take on officiating from your end too, boss. they called a foul to make up for the missed goaltend, by the way. watch it back, literally nobody touched him. but, all that aside, yall won the game. congrats. yall got 50 from your top two, we got 38. we got out rebounded badly. had basically zero fast break points. got out scored by 15 on 2nd chance points. and we still only lost on a hail mary. im content with that. the question is, are you? just hope it doesnt scare you that Lebron and Kyrie have played like complete shit for 3 games and it's still a close series. we'll see what happens when they get it going 




 we were in the game all bc of lebron too.  




