




 I had brussel sprouts and rice.. :( 









 Post this on /r/nosleep, they'll know. 




 I'd beat them to death with my paperback Lord of the Flies book. If that doesn't work I have 20 pound textbooks I can chuck at them! 




 Thanks for the different perspective! I agree with you and I've heard from a lot of other people too that academics aren't the most important thing and that experience is more essential. At the moment, I don't know what I want to do. My parents want me to go into business but I'm still not really sure yet.  




 Thanks for your suggestions! I know I can't get into an Ivy League with just academics and that extracurriculars are also necessary. However, I'm not really aiming that high. Thats just what my parents want and so far what I've learned is it's fine if I don't end up in any Ivy League schools. There are plenty of good colleges out there still. I'll try to talk to my mom again when she cools off but thank you for your suggestions. I feel a lot calmer right now than when I typed the previous posts. 




 Yeah, it's true that I took the wrong approach. I shouldn't have commented about her socializing but if I talked about my anger and depression she wouldn't think much of it. I've tried before early on in high school and in middle school when things weren't as bad but she wouldn't listen. Honestly, she won't change because thats just the type of person she is. Also, I care about my future immensly. It's my own god damn life, not her's, of course I would care! Sure as a parent you're supposed to care about your children but there's a line between concern and abuse. She's too concerned about me doing well in school that she's neglecting me from other opportunities in life such as making new friends, going outside, participating in different school events, etc. I apologize if I sounded a bit harsh or extreme but at this point I'm more angry than I am depressed.  




 Yeah, I've been on that subreddit before. It's pretty terrible to see the things a lot of Asian kids experience and it honestly makes me hate Asian culture more. I can tell you firsthand that most Asian parents see their children as investments or stocks for their own future success. They want their kids to do well so they can brag to other people about their child's success. The other aspect I hate is the constant competitiveness. Because nearly all Asians kids are under constant pressure from their parents, they're practically being thrown into a pit to compete with each other, not for survival, but for better grades. Those who don't do as well as the other kids are disgraced and tossed aside as if they're a shame to the whole Asian culture. It's disgusting and I wish they would acknowledge that every child has their own strengths and weaknesses. Just because someone didn't get into an Ivy League School, score better on the SATs, or get a 5 on AP tests doesn't make them any less of a person. Sorry if what I said sounded extremely racist. I'm not saying it because I want to sound like a bitch, I'm saying it because it's true and I'm sure there are several other Asian kids out there who feel the same; they're just too afraid to express their opinions or speak out to their parents because of the consequences. 




 Normally I wouldn't have said anything at all. I was just fed up with her hypocritical bullshit. My mom talks to her old classmates on her phone all the time and socializes with them pretty much every hour of the day when shes not sleeping. So I said that she was a hypocrite for telling me to stay at home and work while not socializing with my classmates or friends to which she replied you're 16 you're supposed to be focusing on your schoolwork and not to be engaged in idle chit chat with your friends. That just pissed me off further and the argument blew up even more from there. I mostly just argued about my current situation and how restrictive she is. Since our argument just ended 3 hours ago, she's still upset but honestly I don't really care about how she feels right now. 




 Jesus dude how much thought have you given into this? 




 In elementary school some kid stole all 5 of my Exodia cards from Yu-Gi-Oh :( 




 I'm 16, a teenager in my junior year of high school, and I'm confused and stressed out like everybody else around my age. However, recently I've been having an especially hard time controlling my anger and depression. 

Up until middle school, I was leading a simple and carefree life. Everyday I would go outside, play with neighbors, and pretty much be the usual innocent 3rd grader. Then starting in 6th grade, my parents became like your stereotypical Asian parents: strict, abusive at times, and for a lack of a better word, unrealistic. Naturally, because of their demands, I started working harder, goofing off less, and unfortunately I also slowly stopped hanging out with my friends. At this point in my life, I obviously wasn't as happy as I once was, but I began to deal with it and "suck it up" but most importantly I wanted to succeed in order to make my parents proud of me. I thought that maybe if I was able to meet their expectations, they might let me go out and play with friends. I couldn't be more wrong. As years began to whiz past, I realized that there will be no end to their ridiculous expectations. As a child my parents wanted me to get to Honors classes when I was in middle school. I was able to achieve it after some hard work. It felt as if I barely had a second to congratulate myself before they gave me a new task: get into AP classes. This took a lot more work but I was able to achieve that too. Again, I was proud and felt accomplished more than ever, when they gave me a new task, or 3... : Get at least a 2300 on your SATs, get a 5 on your AP exams, and get into an Ivy League school. Now here I am, more confused, more lost, and more stressed than ever. 

It feels that my social life has also been dwindling too. I once had several friends and now I barely have 3 classmates that I'm not even sure if they're my friends or not. To combat my loneliness, I resorted to playing online video games when my parents aren't home. It was the only way I was able to enjoy myself and pretend that I do actually have friends. However, a few weeks ago they found out and since then they've been monitoring my internet usage, making sure that I don't play and I work hard to prepare for my upcoming tests. In fact the only reason I'm allowed on Reddit is because I convinced them that Reddit is like Wikipedia, a database with a lot of information. 

Aside from the loneliness and depression I've been experiencing, I always constantly feel angry and irritable. Every small thing always appears to anger me for no reason. Just a few hours ago, I decided to confront my Mom about how shes treating me and instead of being submissive like I usually was, I decided to actually talk back. It didn't end well. This only lead to more screaming and more anger. Nothing was resolved. To end this off, I'm currently on my spring break, only one day left before school starts again and I still have a ton of work to do. Nowadays, I get angry and jealous at my classmates who are able to enjoy and experience a social life that I haven't enjoyed since elementary school. I know this is common in Asian culture but sometimes I wish I wasn't born as an Asian...  




 [denki anma](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=denki+anma).  




 I also have a group of real life friends I play games with online. The problem is my parents don't let me play video games so I have to play when they're not home. Finding time to game is especially frustrating for me and it sucks when your parents catch you.  




 Shinichi and Murano from Parasyte




LOL JK

I dont need a girl asking me if I'm really Shinichi every 4 minutes. 




 Maplestory back in 2005. LEVELING TOOK FOREVER but it was worth it. I have some fond memories of life back then :D 









 wtf 









 You gotta add Parasyte up there. 




 Is this even a question? The clear and most obvious answer should be LoL.  









 CALLING ALL UPVOTES!!! 




 That sounds like something out of Final Destination.  




 I was about to type something sentimental... but then I read the username. 




 Why not :(? 




 Anybody can if they're tired enough. 




 For me it would be Jennifer Aniston! 




 YASS!!! Most FF woman are hot as hell along with the ones in Kingdom Hearts. 









 When is the rescheduled date? 




 Do Normal Zak, Easy HT (normal if you can), and Hilla. NPC all the reindeer milks and sunset dews you find. If they drop any lvl 110 weapons or necro weapons, extract them and hopefully you'll get a bunch of superior item crystals which you can sell in fm for about 250k each. 




 It's by no means cowardly. There is no possible way for you to experience the pain other people feel, whether it's emotional, mental, or physical. If the person genuinely wants to end their life and see no way around it, let them do it. It's not cowardly for someone to end the pain and suffering they've gone through. After all, it's a natural human instinct to avoid pain.  




 I agree with you suicide is tragic and it places a mental, emotional, and perhaps physical burden on their loved ones; however, suicide is not selfish. Those who have committed suicide did it to end their own pain and suffering because they couldn't tolerate it anymore. It's almost the same concept as Euthanasia. If someone wants to genuinely end their life and see no way around it, just let the person do it. By keeping them alive, you're the one being inconsiderate and selfish to their wishes. 




 Suicide is a very tragic issue; however, if they person genuinely wants to end their life and see no other way from the pain they're experiencing, then let them end it. It sucks to see people insult those who committed suicide as "inconsiderate" because they left their loved ones to deal with the pain of losing them. Sure, suicide places a burden on everyone but wouldn't it be inconsiderate to call those who committed suicide inconsiderate? At the end of the day, you never know what someone else is going through so you shouldn't be the one to judge.  




 Oh ok thank you! I was watching episode 1 at 1:30 am last night so I kinda missed some details.
 




 I hope so! I'm really looking forward to watching this whole series. I think I remember seeing it on Cartoon Network or Adult Swim when I was a kid but I don't really remember much of it anymore. 




 Oh one more question. If Renton's father was a hero why were his classmates making fun of him? 




 Thank you so much for the answers!! 




 I just started watching Eureka Seven, so far it seems like a pretty solid show however Im a bit lost. I have a few questions:

1. Are the Gekkostate and LFO the same group?

2. I read online that Gekkostate or the LFO are a group of mercenaries so aren't they part of the military?

3. Why did the military attack the Nirvash robot at the of the first episode?

Sorry if any of these questions are stupid. I just need some clarifications before I continue this series. Thanks again! I'm really liking Eureka Seven so far.
 




 Myself 




 I'd like to die in my sleep at peace and knowing I've lived my life with no regrets. 




 Haha no problem dude! You should try out some of One Republic's other songs. They usually have life lessons and deep meanings along with a catchy melody. They're one of my favorite bands! 




 I have no idea 

What I am writing about

Refrigerator 




 I agree completely! Your comment reminds of the One Republic song "I Lived" 




 I'm currently going through some rough and stressful times. Speaking truthfully, the only thing that keeps me going is knowing that life will get better eventually. I don't know when or how it will happen but what I do know is that if I do give up on life, I'll be missing out on the great opportunities in the future.  




  RIP in peace buttholes

FTFY: Ripperoni in Pepperoni's buttholes 




 Back in middle school, people used to trade Silly Bands and wear them everywhere, showing them off like they were gold necklaces. 




 The good ol' days of Maplestory in 2006, grinding and talking to people at Pig Beach or Henesys Hunting Ground. :) 




 There are benefits and disadvantages in every stage in life. It's impossible to control that, but what you can control is your perspective. Focus more on the advantages you'll gain when you enter the work force (ex: more freedom, getting married, earning your own money) rather than dwelling on the negatives. Good luck dude!  




 I wouldn't. Immortality isn't a blessing. I doubt anyone would want to live forever and see their friends, family, pets, and the whole world die before them. Also, killing someone and taking their remaining years is pretty much stealing life from them which is really fucked up.
 




 Kristen Stewart for Twilight. 




 All asians know Wei-Chuan is the best chinese frozen food brand! 




 Lol yes 




 What a dick! I would hate your stepfather if he'd done that to me! How heartless do you have to be to throw away a toy a little kid wanted for Christmas? 




