 Agreed. No one wants games where you just wander around and explore. 'Journey' is a perfect example--no one bought that piece of crap. 




 This is certainly true. If you have a group of people willing to work with the game and fill in some gaps, even the 2004 version is worthwhile. I'd just hate to see people shell out $100+ for the old version, thinking they'd be getting the best version. 




 For those who haven't played it yet, it is certainly SOTW material. And GOTY material. Guys and gals, play this game! 




 Andrew Reiner gave some pretty poor advice regarding Betrayal at House on the Hill this week, so I'm offering this PSA to those interested in the game. There are two different versions of the game available, as indicated in the episode, but they are not quite as different as Andrew suggested (or, at least, not different in the way he suggests).

The original version of the game was released in 2004, by Avalon Hill, and the reprint of the game was published by Avalon Hill in 2010. The component quality of the 2010 version was subpar (in particular, the room tiles), which caused a lot of complaints. Subsequently, the 2010 version was reprinted with improved component quality. While the 2004 version probably has the best component quality of the bunch, it is not significantly better than the newer 2010 copies. It is certainly not worth paying exorbitant prices to buy the original 2004 version--especially since everything else about the 2010 version is superior.

The game involves exploring a mansion together, building the map as you go, and eventually triggering some event that causes one of the players to betray the others. At that point, there are two books that must be referenced describing the "Haunt" that the players are engaged in. The Haunt will give win conditions to each side, and the two sides consult their books separately because the details regarding these win conditions and other competitive game elements are typically kept secret.

In theory, it's a great idea, and sometimes, if the stars are right, it works pretty well. Most of the time, though, it's kind of a big train wreck--especially in the 2004 version of the game. When initially published, the Haunt books were riddled with errors and rules issues that made many of the Haunts difficult to understand (at best) or unplayable (at worst). We're talking references to rooms and game components that don't exist, or instructions that left both sides with no idea of what to do or how to progress the game. It was a hot mess. 

To his credit, the designer spent a significant amount of time addressing these errors, and there is substantial errata available for the original printing. In fact, he self-published new versions of both Haunt books online at one point, when it didn't look like the game would ever be reprinted. 

Luckily, the 2010 version incorporates all of those changes, and as a result it is by far the better version of the game. Please don't take Andrew's advice and spend the money necessary to track down the 2004 version . The newest copies available are the best the game has ever been, even with slightly lower component quality. 




 According to the IGN preview, it has its share of torture porn. 




 I'd love it if they could tighten up the exploration controls. I like to grab everything I see, but it's a PiTA since the game doesn't seem to recognize pressing the 'x' button unless Geralt is standing still. Being able to pick up things while walking would speed up the process so much. 









 All things in moderation. You'd have to work pretty hard to make a single serving of eggs benedict 1000+ calories. And the same can be said for most any dish--if you work at it, you can make it really unhealthy.

The worst offender for EB is the hollandaise sauce. A pretty standard recipe is 4 egg yolks, 1 stick of butter, lemon juice to taste (+ salt, pepper, maybe cayenne, maybe mustard powder). That's about 1,000 calories, but will easily serve 6-8 people. English muffins are negligible, as is canadian bacon, and the eggs are no more unhealthy in this preparation than in any other (which is to say, some people need to watch how many they eat, but 1-2 eggs a couple times a week for breakfast is far from unhealthy). 

Total calories for a plate of EB, using the recipe above and assuming two eggs, is ~450. Total fat ~20 grams. It's certainly not the most healthy thing you can eat for breakfast, but it's not "very, very, very unhealthy." 




 Heard of pasteurized eggs? 




 The article title is 100% non sequitur. The only thing the article offers is unsupported conjecture that cable-cutters don't want to watch reality TV. There is no basis whatsoever provided for the concept that streaming services are "killing" reality TV.  




 I wouldn't say it's stupid. If you had $60 and you wanted to take a chance, what's the issue? I've done it plenty of times--even when I just want to take my family to the movies.

My point was I'd hardly call it a "fine." It's a calculated gamble, and there is nothing punitive about it. 




 I imagine so, yeah. 




 You could be right. But, a) I think the difficulty of BB is way overblown; and b) I think difficulty is not the only factor behind people "not getting into" games. If we were to weigh all the different factors against one another, I bet the percentage of people who get minimal value out of blockbuster games would be about the same (for a variety of different reasons).

Also, c) there was a point in time when most games *did* kill you over and over. It's not that unusual. 




 Heh. I'm the exact opposite, which is interesting (different strokes, right?). I have added RC Bray to my list of narrators to avoid. 




