 Cheez-its and Mountain Dew is a favorite. Oreos are also fantastic. 




 Flexing is not a turn on. I'm sorry. 
What is nice, is a randomly clean counter or something. You can flex your muscles all you want whilst wiping down that beer you just spilled instead of throwing a towel on it. 




 Puberty roulette master. 




 Dem eyes. 









 It's not the *worst*, but I know life's just not as easy for ugly people. I'd hate to have to see my kids deal with a ton of bullying and rejection because of a few bad genetics. 




 Wait...is NotaMethAddict Kyle or Thorian1990 Kyle? 




 I'm terrified to have children because of that. I'm not the worst looking person on the planet, and I probably won't end up with someone less than decent looking, but knowing my luck there will be that one gene from that one ancestor that fucks it all up.  




 It's an edited picture for a show where the countries are personified. In the show, they have glasses. America's are named Texas. 




 HETALIA. Gay nations everywhere. I hope I beat someone to pointing out this CanAme. 




 Futurama and MLP? *highfive!* Working on one now~ 




 Oh! I must be on the right track-I've worked with the Greybeards. 




 There's a big quest besides all of the Dragonborn stuff? I just got the game and went straight onto Dragonborn quests. It was escape being executed, Riverwood, Whiterun, YOU'RE A DRAGONBORN. I'm level 10 thinking the Dragonborn quests are the main ones.  




 I didn't like boys at all for a while (thank you Spy Kids). But then I saw Shark Boy and Lava Girl. Bi forever. So elementary school for me...and my first crush was a girl. But then some boys. I didn't know there was a 'right' and 'wrong' way to do it. Just liking people. 




 He got reddit gold. I'd consider that a very good thing. 




 Congrats! Your stories are absolutely amazing, I actually want to read them more than once-they never lose the effect! 




 Fuck. 




 I often feel the same way. One second I'm "OMG MEN" but then I just find it difficult to see myself in a relationship with a guy. I guess I just confuse myself a TON. 




 So cons I guess. It would take work to drag her out of the friend zone. 




 RP 




 Thanks! 




 This movie always puts me in a fantastic mood. And in the mood to get things done. 




 Both girls...so friend zone is okay. 




 [I'm not that bad.](http://i.imgur.com/jSfjA.png) 




 Yup! I love Pinkie Pie because she is just that awesome and always hunky dory.  




 Thanks! 




 We would wrap it around the playground a few times! 




 My mom picked some up for me and I'm just wondering if anyone has used it and if so, how do I use it? The packaging for Swix is never too descriptive. 




 My friends and I have sat all day and used tons of yarn to make these things yards long.  




 I want gold for Christmas...
And it did continue to you! But skipped him. 




 My mom was so proud she found it. I had a mental breakdown over the loss of Twinkies. 




 Yup! I got my xbox today so I hardly know what I'm doing. 




 Thanks~! 




 It says my email is already in use...but that's because I already have an account. How do I fix this? 




 I got the same Xbox package. I almost broke it rolling around in happiness. 




 Sorry, was trying to sneak the picture whilst standing in line to hand it in.
 









 Your HTML skills make me fear your photoshop skills. 




 Omnipotence. 




 Yup! Southeast Wisconsin. Can't wait to get to the hills tomorrow! 









 Being in Wisconsin, half of my teachers planned around the hopeful snow day. Others just planned for a movie or test (genius). 




 The middle ring-that's fine. The BOTTOM RING. NEIN. And of course it's the bottom right on *all* of my binders. 




 ...Do you at least get lack of snow days? 




 Relevant, because it was just announced that my school has a snow day tomorrow! 




 For those of you that get snow days, what is your plan for the day? Snowboarding? That homework you didn't do? All I know is that I have a huge can of Code Red and Minecraft in my taskbar waiting patiently for me! 




 You fuck. This was awesome. 




 The Algorithm. MATHCORE FTW. 




 Being a freshman, this is a dangerous attempt buuuut, here goes. 
 1. Walk on the right side of the hallway. I don't wish for you to walk over me.
 2. Don't you dare point out we were supposed to turn in homework 10 minutes before class ends. 
 3. Upperclassmen own the school. Get over it.
 4. If you are a freshman, walk against the wall. It saves the rest of the planet from walking into your backpack.
 5. Do not announce it is your birthday if you did not bring a snack. 85% of people at school don't care.
 6. We know you're tired. Anyone who has to wake up at 4:30 in the morning for school is tired. Stop complaining and go to sleep. 




 Alright, I have done my fair share of interesting presentations. You could do a paper and presentation on Japanese culture. Or Vocaloids. I was asked by a teacher to put together a powerpoint and the class was absolutely hooked by singing holograms. It really is fun to research. You could write a persuasive paper on a famous (or even controversial) person. I have a friend who wrote a persuasive essay on why Ivan the Terrible wasn't actually that terrible. Freedom and the Internet is also a go-to topic for me.   




 What type of topic are you aiming for? 




 Thank you! My brain must have shut down~ 




 Could someone explain the Imperialist? 




 I now enjoy you greatly. The only thing that could have made the Japanese better was if it was possible to put it in someone's voice. 









 Absolutely. I have a couple fandoms where I'm always thinking of more ideas, most of which I end up being too lazy to throw on paper. Others it is a rather painful experience and I hope that I never get a request for them. 




 From what I know, a group of griefers. They griefed the farm of my friends and I, who, from what I know, have done nothing to provoke any griefing. 




 Don't want to join due to fear of being a target, but you have gained an ally! I'm always willing to help others in the server!
Edit: Unless you're in my base/taking my stuff. Then I will either do my best to crush you or run away in fear. Probably the latter. 




 [Here's me before snowboarding a couple weeks ago.](http://i.imgur.com/V1iNo.jpg) It was also my first or second week on the server.  




 I can't stand the pointless griefing either. I get when two teams/players have a grudge between them or war is declared or something, but my friends and I built a huge farm open for use by anyone (as long as seeds are replanted) and we keep getting griefed. This isn't playing. This is immaturity. DFS and RoT have hit us so far.  




 This is awesome. But I didn't get asshole on my envelope. I got my name. 




 How did you find out? Did you do extensive research and come to the conclusion? Did you see a therapist? 




 I see. I'll make sure to watch for you guys then :) 




 What does the rest of it stand for? 




 Yes...I loved that base. It was a shared base. I have a much nicer one now. I needed to renovate anyways~ 




 I know it's a Hindu peace sign, but I doubt whoever made it intended it as such.  














 Not as much r/nosleep as much as it is r/wtf. 




 So...this app is only available in the UK... 




 When reddit shuts down and after half an hour of refreshing, only vaguely admitting defeat. 




 I see. That makes sense then. 
 




 But who knows how long each power would last? 




 College is free in the UK? Lucky! 




 Today the power (well, the lights) shut off in half the school and the network was down so we all got sent home.  




 I have these. They work really well.  




 I've come across settlements (and seen pictures) with HUGE amounts of obsidian. I'm just wondering where it all came from.  




 This tactic really doesn't work. It usually ends with "If you want to fuck up, go right ahead."  




 Nope, the 4. I don't have money (or the desire) for a 5 so I'm glad it's safe. 




 Unique? After looking at the comments here, I really have to find a different one. Let's see...I got it! That swoopy 2010 Bieber hair cut. No. I don't want to feel like I'm dating someone who is either 12 and/or just took a helmet off after a week. 




 Absolutely. Accents are awesome. My friend and I go nuts over them~ 
 









 Don't know; I'm more in the Sunburst/Little Switz area. They should have some snow made though, it's been cold enough.  




 I'm American and write similar to that. Not necessarily cursive, but not full on printing.  




 Momo and Rukia. I just couldn't stand Rukia from the beginning, and Momo is pretty damn useless. At least Komamura can use bankai. Or a decent shikai for that matter... 









 Yes, I dumped chocolate milk on my iPhone. It was charging pleasantly on the table. My cup of milk was sitting pleasantly near it. That is fuck up number one. Number two was when I decided to grab my cup for a drink of that lovely beverage. Miss. I hit the cup and the milk went flying on my phone. I have never ran so fast than when I did to get some rice to throw my phone in. I also managed to wipe excess milk off with my shirt. It has survived (for now-last time it got wet, it took days to take effect) and is currently in a bag of rice. Fuck.  




 I see. I've had teachers that go absolutely nuts over scantron. 4 question vocabulary quiz? SCANTRON. 




 You have to pay for them? 




