




 What is the name of that move? 














 Wow, Wanderlei's shine is wearing off fast... if he keeps this up he'll become the next ken shamrock 









 Tennis players.. always in search of another partner 




 What kind of camera was this taken on? Better yet, a still from GTA 6 perhaps?! 
























 The robot invasion begins 







































 lol brilliant 







































 You can eat the most wretched, worst smelling thing alive.. once it's inside, you can't smell it.  




 Kobe be jealous 




 I'd say no. Just getting through the West is like going through the ringer. Lebron at times has struggled to make it through the East. Still, by virtue of being in the East, he comes to the finals a bit fresher than his western counterparts 
























 no apologies needed.. well said :) 




 Wow, more comments on the dynamic of downvoting than on the actual article!  














 UFC 181: Hendricks vs. Lawler
UFC 182: Jones vs. Cormier
UFC 183: Silva vs Diaz 














 Man, talk about a guy with some great upside who blew it 









 Man, Torres has fallen far 
























 So a story on BGR based on a story from BusinessInsider that was scraped from a post on Quora..  




 How long is filming? 



















 The mapping is good enough, but sometimes suggests slightly longer routes.  The traffic reporting of Waze can't be beat though 




 The "amass marketshare and monetize later" strategy is getting a bit stale in tech... just look at Amazon 









 I can't find it on YouTube and it's driving me nuts! 









 Great read 












































 Here's that same dude with The Rock http://instagram.com/p/uirlnzIh76/?modal=true 




 "In the arms of an Angel... 




 Agreed. Mendes has been on a tear lately but... you know, it's Aldo. And a fired up one to boot 



















 Connor drops a 1-liner and it's over from there 









 Ronaldo is on a goal scoring rampage, and Messi this year has been unusually quiet 



















 I have PF and am unsure if the best remedy is to stay off of the foot entirely or to run briskly after stretching, ice rolling etc.

Once I get a good stretch etc. in, the foot is fine once I'm running, but am unsure if this may cause more damage. On the flip side, I've heard that staying off it completely is also unadavisable.

Anyone have any insights to this pesky problem?! 














 Woops, typo on my part. Thanks for the heads up :) 




 Me either, but with just one model, they have no room for error. 




 Because, what if opinion is divided? One of the impressive things about the Model S is that it seems to be universally praised for its design  



























































 What makes changing the seats harder than one might initially assume? 
























 My life has been forever changed. Thank you for this.. i think? 





































































 Solid indeed... hope he gets back to UFC tonight at some point down the line... honest and insightful 














 Wow, been following McGregor but haven't listened to him talk at length really. He certainly has the "it" factor and isn't afraid of a little self reflection. With a good sense of humor to boot, you can bet the UFC is hoping he keeps getting those W's.

Many highlights in the video, but I especially liked him asking Porier "Hey man, where's YOUR flag?.. I'll tell ya why you don't have a flag.." 





























 Guess the priority was to ship even if all the features weren't fully functional. Perhaps the problem is on Yosemite's end and not iOS 8.. hopefully it's up and running swimmingly soon! 




 It may dissappear after 2-3 days.. it may just be the glue if its recently manufactured http://www.cultofmac.com/192299/does-your-iphone-5-screen-seem-yellow-dont-worry-overmuch/ 




 Won't be supported until mid october i believe 









 Bad ass.  She should try out for the Olympics or something once her MMA career is done :-p 








































































































