




 Yes! I hope we find people to craft with! Id definitely cone to your tent to make some kandi :) let me know! 




 Not a problem haha. Ill just give my boyfriend my order. He's 22 so he'll have no problem. 




 Holy shit that is a lot!! 




 Perfect! Not worried about the neighbours, more excited to get to know them actually! Honestly none of us would imagine bringing drugs over the border... i only plan on bringing myself, my supplies and a whole ton of kandi! :) I hate leaving g the purchasing up to chance though, ypu just never quite know who to trust..

I'm really happy to hear they allow alcohol into the camp though! That's perfect for us. Its also nice to hear you can carry alcohol around with you and dont have to stay in the pit, knowing that it'll be no problem getting some. Thanks so much for the informative reply! Love when experienced people are willing to help out :) 




 Myself, my boyfriends and a group of about 10 friends are going to be going to electric forest this year and we're absolutely ecstatic! Id like to say that firstly we're all really interested in meeting as many of you as possible and creating new friendships and experiences with this! :) it looks like there is so much music and culture to explore at this festival and that is definitely part of what got us so interested.

  So we've already read the festival guide that's on this subreddit and it is SO helpful so thank you to those that helped to put it together. We made a list of our own based on some of the points on there. But we still have some alternate questions that either weren't answered, or were answered very loosely. Firstly I was wondering, how much room do they allow for your tent/shade tent? If you were going with 10 people, would they allow you to put 3 or 4 tents in the same area with a shade tent in the middle or there abouts? 

Also, as Canadians not all of us are legal drinking age in the States. About half of us are, where as I and a few others are only 20 and won't be able to drink there. Is it possible to bring your own beer in and get it past the car check? How thorough are they and what do you suggest for success? Is it possible to get a beer from the bars on the festival grounds if you're not 21? Im assuming its like a beer pit and you can't.

Our last question regards the availability of substances at the festival. Since we must cross the border to get into Michigan there is no chance we will be bringing any substances like weed or MDMA with us. Though we could hide it well and it would be unlikely to get fully searched, if they found anything it would be automatically considered trafficking and that would ruin a lot more than just the festival haha. None of us are willing to risk it. My boyfriend and I have already purchased a test kit which I think is essential, but how would you prevent yourself from getting ripped off on different substances in the first place? If anyone knows of trustworthy people at the festival we'd love a pm about it, it would make us feel a lot more secure regarding the whole thing. I also understand that these things are more expensive in the states than in Canada, and if anyone has information on that, it would also be appreciated :)

And really that's all we have to ask! As I said, the guide was really well put together and answered almost everything. Mostly we had some Canadian specific questions :) I look forward to some answers from all of you experienced foresters, thanks everyone! :) see you in the forest! 




 Not all women like them, but if that the women who do, REALLY do. 




 I saw this on the front page something like 5-8 days ago with the same title... I feel like im going crazy how does this have upvotes at all! 









 Damn happy you posted and explained this. Im not sure how this isnt really common knowledge for adults! Or for women at least. Lady parts are a sensitive mistress! 




 This. I personally don't have this problem, but lightly rinsing and scrubbing it with just water is a common suggestion for women who are prone to yeast infections. Vaginas do a lot of self cleaning, so technically speaking you dont need soap, just a good wash! 




 Could you slow down? You're going fast. 




 The first sit was about 3.5 hours and the second one was only maybe 2 hours. A little less even. 




 I did in my last post a week ago! The picture had been previously posted on reddit so I know it is known, and I have no shame in discussing it when the original art is posted. If it were a secret I'd try to flag these posts or some other kind of ridiculous internet show of shame. 




 If you frequent /r/tattoos often enough you'll begin to realize that a lot of people's inspiration comes from other sources, just this week there was a guy who was on the front page for a couple of days with a watercolour painted style pheonix. He posted the picture he was inspired by and they were nearly identical. It's like a boost of creativity or an outline for what you might want, a lot of styles designs and pieces I see here are definitely partly inspired by tattoos before them. It would be ignorant to say I was the first one to work off of someone elses design for their own idea.

Also, if you look at her drawing and my tattoo the execution is very different, the only truly similar thing is the pose of the bird and I was very sure of that.

As I said, I found it as a chalk drawing and looked her up to find the original piece. She said she didn't mind it being used IF changed for a tattoo. So I used different colours and styles on it. I was sure not to tattoo the exact drawing on my body.

Edit: added context 




