 I really wish Aang and Katara could somehow reunite in the spirit wold.  It's to bad Aang didn't make the same journey into the spirit world as Iroh.  Plot twist maybe he did.  That would be so awesome. 




 I honestly found my self routing for Zuko to turn good way more than i was routing for team avatar in book 2 ATLA.

The evolution of and depth of those two characters is what makes them so great. 




 Well I did not say that it is affordable. I just said that you don't need to to go for all the bells and whistles.  Going to an instate school full time can cost close to 20k a year.  It is really not possible to work your way through school with that kind of price tag.  

You do the math and you figure out the only way you can pay for that is if you have a full time job that pays much more than minimum wage.  I don't know how anyone could hold a full time job while also going to school full time.  

If you think part time is the answer than get ready to be going to school for the next 12 years of your life.  I really doubt that is practical.

Once you figure all that up you realize why so many kids are taking out loans to pay for college.  It is a smart calculation based on opportunity cost. 




 Cool 




 What kind of plane is that? and where is the tail number it it that tiny thing on the rudder? 









 Yea you do have a point.  What do you get for your 300 dollar meal plan, that is pretty cheap. 




 Welcome to the hobby they call these things drones to make them sound scary.  I like this video that shows how hard it is to actually see anything from a drones camera.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnVjrIz0xrc
 




 Thats good.  I like how the news article makes it clear that it was a toy and how tiny it actually was.  I thought it was a very reasonable article 




 I know The next part is really cool, it talks about how they recovered Mir using the Soyuz.

Edit: Somebody posted a link below  but it is not available in my country :( 

http://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/episode/p02863gw/horizon-19971998-mir-mortals 




 It's not that hard, Live off campus, don't get a meal plan, and I am pretty sure you can opt out of the Rec centers at some colleges as well. 




 Well considering they still have telemetry there is still a decent chance.   




 Dang now i feel like an idiot.  I really did't know who Al Sharpton was, I have just heard his name before.  I guess my point stands but obviously not Al Sharpton.  

Your joke completely went over my head and i am a complete idiot. 




 ~~That is good and I think that can help the movement, but i don't think he is it's representative or leader, at least not yet.  Its not like news stations call up Sharpton to ask what his plans are for the future of the movement.~~  Think about it if somebody wanted to talk to the head of the movement, who would they talk to.  In my opinion there is not currently a true head of this movement.  The biggest thing that could make a difference to this movement is if they got a leader like MLK was to the civil rights movement in the 60's.  They need a guy that can e the face of their cause and give it a voice and a direction.  So when people think of the movement, they automatically think of that guy.

Edit: I am an idiot who did not know who Al Sharpton is. 




 Yea that does seem plausible, but from what i have read the guys neck was really badly injured not some fracture 

[His family say he lapsed into a coma after his spine was 80% severed at his neck and his voice box was injured.](http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/apr/20/baltimore-officers-suspended-death-freddie-gray)

I think what people are tired of is you do not see white people getting shot in the back while they run away, or white people having their necks become mysteriously broken while in police custody. 




 I also agree I feel like riots happen when frustration reaches a breaking point.  People are can only put up with so much before they say enough is enough.  This is especially true when they feel like conventional means for getting things done are just giving them the run around.  People get tired of the BS.  

Whats too bad is the current movement lacks any real leadership.  This lack of leadership means there is nobody to give the cause a single voice.  This makes the movement disorganized easy to criticize (because there is no representative to defend the movement) and prone to violence and when violence does break out, it comes across as pointless and just people that are looking for an excuse to destroy stuff and steal things, not people mad over social injustice.  

Edit: Grammar 




 Exactly that is not how are justice system operates.  Police can not act as the Judge Jury and Executioner. 




 See when I saw that I was under the impression that is was the same Raava being reborn from within Vaatu. 




 There is a difference between being innocent until proven guilty and being above the law.  Innocent until proven guilty means they can't put you in prison until they have proven you guilty of a crime in court.  Investigating and charging someone with a crime does not make them guilty.  The media seems to have a hard time understanding this, that just because you have been arrested does not make you guilty.

I am saying that it is ridiculous that this kind of thing gets swept under the rug and no investigation is launched and no charges are made when it is obvious that there was wrong doing.  A guy getting a broken neck while sitting in jail does not just happen.  If this happened anywhere else it would be considered a murder and investigated as such.  Why does the same not hold true in a jail cell.

Expecting an investigation and calling this a murder is not in contradiction to innocent until proven guilty. 




 Yea that is what is so ridiculous about this, obviously the guys neck was not broken when he got to jail, and necks don't jut break themselves.  There is definitely fowl play here, but the police are still sticking to the line that they don't know what happened.  Thats total BS they know exactly what happened. 




 Maybe, but i still feel sad that Aang and Wan basically got deleted. 




 Nothing is impossible in fiction, it is quite possible they could come up with some story for how Korra reconnects with the past Avatars.

I choose to believe it is possible to reconnect to the past avatars.  Korra has just not figured it out yet. 




 We don't know Aang's fathering was that bad.  There was some resentment, but that does not mean he was a bad father.  It's obvious they all loved him. 




 That still does not make breaking his neck acceptable.  We can't just forgive this police brutality because it was done to a guy that has a history of crime.  Innocent until proven guilty. 




 That is actually how the one is mounted in the picture lol 




 MEXICO IS THE BEST!!!!! 




 This is a great summary thankyou 




 God that is ugly it looks like a big bumper sticker. 




 How can I check to make sure the esc i am getting has this feature? 




 Is this what you mean by a low voltage alarm? 

http://www.hobbyking.com/hobbyking/store/__18987__On_Board_Lipoly_Low_Voltage_Alarm_2s_4s_.html 




 So I am getting into the hobby, I purchased a used quad a few months ago and enjoy flying it, but now i want to do some airplanes as well.  With my quad the KK2 board has an alarm and voltage meter hooked in so when the voltage gets low the alarm starts to ring and i know to land.  My question is how do you keep from under volting your LIPO on an airplane, that does not have a control board?  

I am looking into getting some of these Lemon Rx Receivers http://www.lemon-rx.com/shop/index.php?route=product/product path=59 product_id=92 




 I was going to say it looks too short and too wide. lol 




 I have not, I have sailed Lasers, Sunfish, 420s, and FJs.  Slightly larger boats I have sailed have been Flying Scotts and Thistles.  Out of those  I would say Sunfish is my favorite but I am also biased.  If you have sailed 420's or FJ's I would say both the Sunfish and the Laser feel like a faster more agile boat than either of those.  The 420 is like driving a truck, where the Laser and Sunfish are more like go-karts.  I saw somebody suggest going and borrowing or renting them and seeing what they are like.  I think that is a good suggestion.  Again though, make sure they are in good condition otherwise it wont give you he right impression of the boat.

As for the downsides of the two boats, the Laser is tipsy because of its round hull and when sailing especially in heavy wind, you never really get a break.  The Laser is also not that great for carrying more than one person, because the coordination gets hard with the boat being tipsy.  I would say the Sunfish is good on both of these points.  

The Sunfish on the other hand is slightly slower than the laser, and due to the lateen rig can not point quite as high.  Both of these are really only noticeable when you are sailing next to a Laser or maybe if you have gotten used to the characteristics of sailing a laser.

Thats really all I can think to tell you.  You probably all ready know this but when buying a sunfish or a Laser, you should not bother with a boat that has any leaks.  I know in the sunfish the foam on the inside and the fiberglass absorbs the water and really weigh the boat down, even after you have drained it.  The hull on a new sunfish weighs 120 pounds so if you go look and a Sunfish and it weighs a ton than it is not worth buying, a Sunfish should be easy to pick up with two people.

Thats really all I can think of, is the Laser Pico similar to the 420 or the FJ?  What other boats have you sailed maybe I can help give you a compassion. 




 ohh i misread the comment oops. 




 yea I saw that after it makes sense.  An interface with dragon would be easier. 




 I found my first randevu/docking so much more satisfying than landing on the Mun.  I actually couldn't use docking ports on my first docking because it was a rescue mission to a spacecraft that didn't have docking ports.  I made this awesome clamp out of landing legs as this was .20 and successfully saved my Kerbals. =D 




 Dude you haven't seen it?  It is awesome!!!!! 




 *"gooseneck" not a yoke

I rig mine by myself all the time.  I think the trick is raising  the gooseneck first, then pulling the halyard, it takes all the tension off the halyard and makes the whole process a lot easier. 




 An important thing with getting a sunfish, is making sure you get a good one. You can buy a sunfish for 800 bucks, but it is going to leak be heavy, and sail slow.  I love Sunfish, but i have sailed ones like this and they suck.  Even with good wind they just sit there.  On the other hand a Sunfish in good condition sails great.  They are fast, and even plain on reach in good wind.  Make sure if you get a Sunfish it is in good condition, and i would suggest looking for one with a racing rig as they have some features that make them go faster.  

The main thing is don't get those cheap Sunfish.  They will be a big disappointment, and i would hate to see you get a bad impression of the boat because you got one of those crappy water logged ones. 




 The apples to apples comparison is with the sail attached to the spars.  No sunfish sailor ever takes the sail off the spars you put the spars and the mast together and roll the sail, and then the whole thing goes into the bag.  That is how everyone does it.  Sunfish sailors are taking perfectly good care of their sails.  Your example of wrapping the sail around the mast would be comparable to leaving rig and sail on the boat and just putting the sail beneath the boat cover.

With lasers it makes more sense to take the sail off the mast because it just slips off the top. 




 If you have never sailed a Sunfish before, the sail is attached to the spars with either plastic clips, or small ties.  Anybody i have ever met just puts the spars together and rolled up the sail.  It would be pretty silly to take the sail off the spar every time you de-rigged.  It would take at least an hour, and then you would have to reattach it again the next time which would take another hour.  Because you would have to go through and undo every one of those ties/clips.  There really is no downside to leaving the sail attached either, if you roll the sail right, it should not be detrimental to the sail.  you do not wrap the sail around the spars, you roll it up next to the spars, so there is really no wrinkles or pressure points on the sail. 




 I agree I like the Sunfish for its simplicity and it's ruggedness.  I have sailed both the Laser and the Sunfish, but I still love the Sunfish. 




 What in your opinion makes a Sunfish more complicated?  I own a sunfish with a racing rig, and it doesn't see hard at all. 




 I would think the Sunfish are just as easy to rig.  Step the mast, and pull on the halyard. 




 It seems like there are a lot of people that like lasers on here.  I am a fan of Sunfish, I have sailed both, and it is true that lasers are fast.  What I like about sunfish though is they are not so much work to sail.  The more square hull makes them much more stable than a laser and not so much of a work out.  Also in my opinion the Sunfish is a tougher boat than the Laser.  The Laser is all about speed, and because of that the hull is thinner, and also rounded.  I have had collisions while racing Sunfish that probably would have punched a hole in a Laser,  I can't even find a ding on the gelcoat on my sunfish afterwords.  As to speed, the sunfish is not slow in my opinion, but it is slower than a Laser.  

To sum things up if you like speed and are looking for a sports car the Laser is probably better.  If you are looking for a more laid back fun boat that is easier to rig, more about sailing, and less about fine tuning everything, the Sunfish might be better.  That laid back atmosphere continues to the people who sail them.  Some of the nicest sailers i have met have been other sunfish sailers. 




 Sunfish are a bit easier to rig in my opinion mostly because there are less lines and they are less complex. 




 can someone explain what LV-N is and it needing oxidizer, and not needing it now? 




 yea i agree, I almost wish there were more cool terrain artifacts like this. 




 Mech Jeb is also excellent for giving you data on your rocket like delta-V and TWR honestly I barely ever use it for autopilot, i mostly just use it to figure out more data on my rocket. 




 Yea you do, they are hydrofoils and create a lot of their downforce by moving through the water.  Also, speculating here, but i would bet that the ASDS doesn't have as much deck roll as people think.  It is a very big ship, and unlike many shipping boats, that are small and need these weights stabilize the boat,  the sheer size and mass of the ASDS is quite stabilizing on its own. 




 would it be very hard to add an interface to allow the solar panels to charge the second stage?  It seems like it would just be adding some wires and connecting them to the batteries in the second stage.  You would also need to add point where the ires could disconnect when the dragon needs to disconnect from the second stage. 




 that could be easily fixed with some solar panels. 




 Wow that was a great answer 




 The problem is OSHA can afford to sue companies many employees can not. 




 I think they had problems with certain components freezing, like the fuel lines.  And they would probably need to add some solar panels to the side like the V2 trunk to keep it powered. 




 I have seen in other places in these comments that SpaceX may try to fix this and use the upgraded upper stage to show that they are capable of relights after long amounts of time. 




 I am pretty sure google lunar X prize is contracted for a different Falcon Heavy mission. 




 If the pilot is incapacitated, if the pilot goes crazy, if someone decides to try and break their way in...   its not hard to think of reasons why its a god idea to have two people there. 




 You mean no school bus? :(  

Lol I think i would be just as excited for a mars mission as a school bus in space. 




 Lol i can't spell 




 Yea but as we can see, there are other reasons to always have two people in the cockpit. 




 Are you referring to MH370 and German Wings as the two crashes caused by pilots?  There is no proof right now that MH370 was caused by the pilots.  Second I think especially in the case of German Wings, the problem was procedure.  In the US there are always 2 people in the cockpit.  This is for safety reasons when opening the door.  The pilot is supposed to check to see that is the pilot asking to be let in, but if he is the only one in the cockpit how can he without leaving nobody at the controls. You can never fully screen out crazy people from the system, that is why smart procedures are important.  In many crashes it is very simple to just blame the pilots even when there is evidence that it was not the pilots fault. (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Airlines_Flight_811#Personal_investigation,

Video explaining the latch issue and how Boeing blamed ground handlers: https://youtu.be/7n8JIbMF0og?t=31m58s


http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boeing_737_rudder_issues This is a list of incidents caused by faulty valves for the rudder causing the rudder to go hard over.

Many of these crashes were originally blamed on the pilots, including a few that were blamed on pilot suicide.

I am not saying German Wings was caused by the pilots, but often times it is much easier and there is a financial incentive for the investigation to find the pilots at fault. 




 Ok I was not aware of that. 




 Maintenance does not have to erase the recorder, there is a button in the cockpit that you push.  If you push and hold the button for two seconds, provided the plane is on the ground and the parking break is engaged, it will erase the flight voice recorder, but not the data recorder.  

I could be a little out of date now, but from what i understand this feature was hard fought by unions when voice recorders were being introduced.  The unions wanted to make sure the voice recorders would only be used in crash investigation, and not be used by management to police pilot performance.  So if you are parked at the gate after the flight you can erase the voice recorder.

You wanted a source, This is where I remember first reading about the ability to erase the voice recorder after a flight, but I have heard it from other airline pilots as well.
At one station, two women are assembling control panels for cockpit voice recorders. Theres the erase button, says John Kerwin, vice president of operations. Ive never met a pilot yet who believes it works, but it does. And that illuminates one major problem with the idea of streaming data from aircraft in flight, at least as it pertains to cockpit audio: the near certainty that pilots will never stand for it. By law, cockpit voice recordings may be accessed only by investigators after an accident. When a flight arrives safely at the gate, the pilot hits the erase button. (It wont work in flight or during taxiing.) In the event of an accident, transcripts may be released as part of a report but not, as a rule, the actual recording. This is partly a matter of professional pride, partly to spare the feelings of pilots families if they are killed. But primarily it seems to be a labor-management issue. The Air Line Pilots Association, the aviators union, mobilized last year to fight a bill that would allow airlines to use voice and data recorders to evaluate the performance of cockpit crews

http://www.wired.com/2011/06/ff_blackboxes/ 




 I believe that for some carriers it is standard to erase the voice recorder at the end of the flight once you are parked at the gate. 




 But the voice recorder is erased at the end of each flight. 




 I saw a post over at /r/MH370 talking about how they were disappointed that even if the plane was found and black boxes recovered, it was likely that the voice recorder would not say much because it will have most likely looped over.  My question is why is the loop on the voice recorder so short?  Wouldn't it make sense to have the loop be 10 or maybe even 20 hours so that it is impossible for it too over write during a normal flight?  

It just seems like this has happened a few times where the voice recorder has over written and it makes it a lot harder to understand what happened.  

It also seems like storage space should not be an issue, new micro SD cards are as large as 120 GB so even with special designing to make the hard drive crash resistant, it seems like it should not be that hard to get a hard drive that has enough space for a few hours of audio recording.
 









 I would guess that it can.  Often times it is human nature to underestimate objects like foam that seem harmless, because we are not used to dealing with them at their extremes.  Like when an [object is moving very fast](https://youtu.be/2eTRaJGDe-8?t=1m30s), or when there are [large amounts of something.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boston_Molasses_Disaster)

My guess is if the hangar collapsed it could create damage to the airplanes.  Just because of the weight of it all.  the question is how extreeme the damage would be. 




 I remember reading in "Fate is the Hunter" about how you can drop your flaps real quick in an emergency if you need to gain some altitude real quick.  This would be a perfect example of where it could have worked.  But realistically he probably should have had some flaps before he even started the takeoff.  




 Actually in many cases Thunder cells extend well above the capabilities of an Airliner,  and even if they don't technically go above the airliners capabilities sometimes you need to be flying lower.  For instance if the Plane is getting ready to start their decent into an airport, you can not be flying as high as the airplane can go, you need to be lower and getting ready to descend. 




 I know that is what I am saying we knew almost exactly where Air France 447 went down, and it took 2 years to find it.  MH370 is more than likely going to take much much longer. 




 oops lol 




 That might have been true a week or a month after the crash.  But considering it has been a year, the probability has pretty much reached zero.  There is always a .0000001% chance but eventually .000000... just becomes zero. 




 I was waiting for the Castaway reference. 




 Well now we pretty much know exactly what happened to Air France 447 because we have recovered the plane and its black boxes.  

Before we actually found the plane we had a basic idea.  We knew that the weather had been kind of stormy and that in the events leading up to the crash the plane had sent automated messages saying there were certain problems onboard like the pitot tubes(the sensors that say your airspeed) were not functioning properly.  So the best guess was somehow the stormy weather had brought down the plane.  We also found debris on the ocean confirming that it had crashed.    

After finding the plane and recovering the black boxes a much more complete picture was created revealing that the storm had caused the pitot tubes to freeze over causing erroneous airspeed readings and causing the plane to send the automated messages.  that was just the seed of the crash.  The events that actually caused the crash stemmed off of that and were much more complicated.  Most of the reasons for the crash were the pilots being confused about what the planes instruments were actually telling them and what the plane was actually doing (the plane never said airspeed reading bad it just gave them erroneous readings) bad design of the cockpit(the joysticks for the two pilots in an airbus plane can move in two different directions at the same time unlike almost every other aircraft made.  During the crash one pilot was holding back the his joystick which was overriding the imputes from the other pilot the pilots did not realize this was happening for a long time, and only added to their confusion.) and many more factors

read the wikipedia article.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Air_France_Flight_447

Edit: Pitot not peto 




 Thats what I am saying. Even when we found debris and knew pretty much exactly where it went down, it still took 2 years to find Air France 447. 




 Did you find the Panama to Colombia Car ferry xpress? 

http://www.ferryxpress.com/

As soon as I watched this I was like ohh shoot this would help him out there.

Also how long till you are in Quito? 




 It could take a very long time to find MH370 if we find it at all.  It took 2 years to find [Air France 447](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Air_France_Flight_447) and we knew almost exactly where it went down. 




 No just a search and recovery, everyone is definitely dead. 




 The plane of the rotor can be angled so that it is at an angle to the oncoming air.  In this case if you angle the blades all the way back the air coming off the prop hits the rotors spooling them up, even while you are stationary.

Notice when she is taxing the rotor is parallel to the ground and the rotor is not spinning. But when the rotor starts spinning it is now at an angle. 




 They work off of the same principal as an autorotating helicopter.  The little engine in the back gives it forward speed so air keeps moving over the rotor. 




 Well Propulsive landing has been shown to be a viable option.  

I would probably go with that, my runner up would be a lifting body shaped second stage with an heat shield plug for the top of the second stage  for landing you could go with something as simple as skis, or perhaps small landing gear.  the lifting body could even be efficient if you put the rp1 in the edges that can't keep pressure as well, and put the LOX in the center tank. 




 I agree 




 What happens if you try to reenter with a completely ablated heat shield? 




 http://i.imgur.com/1FqRbm3.png 




 Take a deep breath, and ask her if she want's to go do something together. 




 I think vertical separation is an issue.   




 Can you link to it here? 




 You guys are so cool.  You should post more updates and pictures here like this. Maybe some pictures out the window and so on.  Good luck on the Pacific. 




 Why do they do that?  it seems like putting the whole second stage in a fairing adds a lot of weight. 




 Yea I agree I am getting pretty sick of privatization.  In theory it can work but in reality it usually just means that people at the top make a bunch of money and ruin what ever was privatized.  

Imagine privatizing education.  We have seen how well that has worked with for profit colleges. 









 Just wanted to say I don't agree or disagree with the article, I just thought it was interesting. 














 You guys are nuts.  At dominos all 10s and 20s go in the safe immediately.  I doubt our registers have more than 100 dollars in them ant any one time. 




 No lol.  But I have been there when somebody makes a joke and it does not make sense so I figured I would cut out the middle man and help out the new redditors that don't get it. 









 For some reason when I read that it sounds like a valley girl saying it in my head. 




 lol I know that feeling.

http://i.imgur.com/DRDrtmL.png 




 ["It's got the stuff the country craves"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Vw2CrY9Igs) 




 I never thought about bird strikes and tree strikes, that makes sense.    




 You have a good point. 




  Needs props

That still cracks me up
 




 http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-gG4S_v2pTQI/T0hP5t0pr2I/AAAAAAAAGFA/nUSK_PoZ-rg/s1600/washing_machine_brick_face.gif 




 This might be silly, but why are airplane propellers not designed like boat ones.  Boat propellers have a nylon ring on the inside so that when your prop hits something the nylon breaks, breaking the connection between the prop and the motor preventing it from ruining your engine.  All you have to do then is go buy a new prop.  

Edit: Didn't think about all the things that might hit your propeller besides a runway. lol 




 Besides the tons of errors about flying(No you don't lay the hammer down going through a storm, quite the opposite), it perpetuates the fictitious belief that pilots are a bunch of unprofessional hotshots.  The kind of behavior that Denzel showed in the movie (sleeping while flying, drunk, doing drugs) would not make it anywhere in the airlines.  That kind of stuff is taken seriously if the other pilot can smell alcohol on you or suspects that you are drunk they can and are expected to report it immediately.  

Pilots are professionals and you don't get to that level in aviation without being skilled, professional and a little luck.  It is extremely hard and only the best make it. 




 He sexually Identifies as an Attack Helicopter.

For anyone that does not know the context

http://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/2whf11/what_is_with_the_sexually_identifies_as_an_apache/ 




 Yea I wish they would drive up there just for the heck of it though.  The pictures would be so cool like when spirit went up a mountain.  

http://www.jpl.nasa.gov/images/mer/2005-09-01/pia04183-browse.jpg 




 I wish they would drive the rover to the top of mount sharp 




 Do we have clearance Clarence? 




 You are right about the reentry burn pushing off the shockwave, but i disagree about the velocities.  The first stage is nowhere close to orbital velocity, LEO is close to 8 km/s  at MECO 1 the craft is only doing around 1.8-1.9 km/s so no where close to the velocities of LEO and what a reentering spaceship would be. 




 Yea what gets me is there have not been any changes.  The same exact thing could still happen.  How hard would it be to add some feedback motors to the joystick so that both move the same way. 




 http://www.asias.faa.gov/pls/apex/f?p=100:95:0::NO::P95_EVENT_LCL_DATE,P95_LOC_CITY_NAME,P95_REGIST_NBR:11-APR-15,FORT%20PIERCE,N7502S

http://www.trade-a-plane.com/detail/aircraft/Multi+Engine+Piston/1970/Aerostar/601/2076612.html 




 This is such a stupid design by airbus.  This could not happen on practically any other airplane because when you move one control column the other one moves with it. So there can never be any confusion about what the inputs are.  Besides the freezing of the peto tubes I think this dangerous design was what propagated the confusion and caused the crash of Air France.  

They blame the pilots for not understanding the situation, but imagine how confusing it is for everything to be going haywire, and on top of that the inputs you think you are giving the plane are not actually what the plane is receiving.  It pisses me off that they just swept that under the rug. 




 The co-pilot and the pilot are both completely capable of flying the airplane.  One of them is always the pilot flying. 




 400 feet is actually not that much for an airliner, and I can completely understand him being confused.  An oncoming plane would look like a bright star until only seconds before a collision. 




 Yea I have not gotten to complex airplanes yet, but I feel bad for this guy.  Quick thinking by the guy, but I would be very worried about the damage done to the airplane doing a go around like that, very lucky in my opinion. 




 I listened to it without sound the first time.  With sound it is way worse. 




 A guy landed with his gear up and realized it just as his belly touched the runway, so he added power and went around.  Obviously that makes it sound a lot simpler than what he did in the video. 




 They might be but I doubt it.  You also have to remember that the heating that the booster is experiencing is quite low, it does not even need a heat shield compared to the heats that the engines experience during a burn, the heat from reentry is much less significant.  

The reason the heat is so much lower is because the rocket is moving much more slowly than a vehicle entering from orbit.

Most of the stresses the booster experiences on its way to a landing are actually aerodynamic stresses not thermal. 




 Creo que este video necesita el NFSW 




 Exactly many people think that if we spend enough money, we can make this countries borders impermeable, and make ourselves completely save from terrorism/violence but no matter how much we spend you can never do it. 




 It is not that hard to do it correctly.  A perfect example is the Saturn 5 compared to an atlas rocket, or even more extreme the Saturn 5 compared to a rocket the size of the Falcon 1.  The Falcon 1 would be way more inefficient launching the same amount of mass than one large Saturn 5.  And yes the things you mentioned above do make it harder but certainly not anywhere close to impossible the Saturn 5 is an example of that.  

When I say do it correctly I am referring to to rockets like the Soviet moon rocket that was poorly designed and because of this lost the advantages from it being larger. 




 See I never did those calculations partly because i did not know how.  So what ended up happening is a lot of times I would design a completely over powered ship.  But I can see what you are saying. 




 I think part of the reason he was able to make the trip without getting killed was because of the gyrocopter he was flying.  Wether he planned it that way, or it was just luck, by using the gyrocopter(which is very small), and flying it very low and slow he was able to avoid a lot of the safety features that are used in that area.  

If he had been in a normal small plane, he would have been picked up on radar, and he would have been intercepted, it has happened many times mostly from people accidentally entering restricted airspace by accident.  Jets would have come and intercepted him warned him to change course and follow instructions, and if he had continued they would have shot him down.

Air traffic control even said that they saw him, but because his gyrocopter was so small and moving so slow they thought it was a flock of geese.

So this brings up the final point while we could probably spend billions more dollars and get a radar system in the DC area that can pick up insects.  The question is why do we need to?  A gyrocopter this small is barely capable of carrying any weight, and even if he had had malicious intent and flown it into the capital it probably would have done barely any damage to the building.  You can see [this crash of a much larger small plane](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2002_Tampa_airplane_crash) barely did any damage to the building.  

So yea it does not look great that this guy  managed to fly his gyrocopter to the capital but considering that the risk he posed to the public was minimal I don't think that we should be going and spending even more money trying to lock down the DC are even more than it already is. 




 You also have to remember that a lot of times especially lately in the house, they schedule votes on stuff that has no way of going anywhere just so they can say they voted on it.  It got ridiculous with Obama care.  A couple times a month the house would vote to repeal Obama care just so they could say in the next election that they had voted to repeal Obama care.  A lot of the knowing how your congressman has voted has just created a lot of political theater. 




 Because of vaccinations :| 




 The thing that makes me question this, is vaccines bruise you for a few days.  Its hard to imagine the mom would not notice.  If the kid is a baby than the mom would probably see the bruises and if the kid is a todler or something its hard to image the kid would not mention it, like "my arm hurts" or something like that. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3nhgfjrKi0o 




 I understand what you are talking about, but that is only if you use the auto pilot.  Mechjeb is not just about auto pilot though.  Mechjeb gives you a ton of data like DeltaV, thrust to weight ratio, exactly how many seconds more of fuel you have, and a lot more, and you can break the data down by stage so when you are building your rocket you can see if your stages have the appropriate thrust  and such.  Thats the kind of stuff I use Mech Jeb for anyway, I think I have only done an auto launch once or twice because I wanted to see if Mechjeb would actually do it. 




 This is sort of true, there are definitely engineering problems with scaling up, but when you do it correctly, scaling up can actually lead to a much more efficient rocket, because a larger percentage of the mass of the rocket is fuel compared to smaller rockets. 




 Actually a lot of these things were in the works leading up to the Colombia disaster.  They were developing liquid fueled boosters, and they were also developing more powerful versions of the solid rocket boosters.  After Colombia though NASA questioned what the purpose of the shuttle was and decided to stop developing new technology for the shuttle, and use that money to begin developing a new rocket.  In fact they might have decided to bring the shuttle to an end earlier, but they needed it to finish building the ISS. 




 You guys should come check out /r/New_Horizons its all about New Horizons and the upcoming encounter with Pluto  




 They restart 4 times and while they are limited on how many times they can restart, if they wanted to restart more times they could just add more TEA-TEB to the next mission 




 You are right they restart 4 times. 




 Actually I am pretty sure that the Falcon 9 restarts its center Merlin engine 4 times.  Once for launch, once for retrograde burn to limit its downrange distance and eventually in the future bring it back to shore.  Once for reentry burn to limit its speed so it does not break up when it enters the thicker lower atmosphere, and finally the suicide burn that brings it in for landing. 




