









 Seemed to me like the author did a decent job of summing up the research and then applying a critical, skeptical mindset to the results, which any decent science journalist should do.

Any scientific research is limited in scope in some fashion, but the point of comparing a one-off study like this to prior research is to give perspective. Sure, maybe the prior research had some limitations, but a whole lot of it also seemed to have reached the opposite conclusion as the current study, which is very important to know! 








































































































 The results of this study really aren't surprising. If teens start using nicotine before adulthood, they're more likely to crave nicotine throughout their lives. Prior research has demonstrated that brain development is altered with nicotine use. 

A major limitation of the study to keep in mind: "The studys cross-sectional nature didnt allow the researchers to identify whether most youths initiated with conventional cigarettes or e-cigarettes."

That's a pretty big drawback. 









 Fooled a lot of people:

"That is so dope but did you filter that or something? Looks almost too good haha"

"Sweet car man, New York?"
 









 Fantastic! 



















 Taco Bell... breakfast, lunch, and dinner.

But in all honesty, [this](http://www.gastro.org/patient-center/digestive-conditions/gas-in-the-digestive-tract#Foods%20 %20Gas) guide from the American Gastroenterological Association lists foods like cauliflower, brussels sprouts, dried beans, broccoli, cabbage, bran, dairy, and fructose. Sounds like a lot of vegetarian diets are probably high-flatulogenic.  




 You're right to be skeptical. The picture the article paints is somewhat bleak. But there's a tinge of hopefulness at the end. 


































 Studies like these prompt a lot of boneheaded, insensitive comments, which attract the ~~sharks~~ amazing and awesome mods. :D 














