 I don't get the waste problem. The amount of solar and wind infrastructure you'd need to build to produce comparable energy would require a *lot* of mining, manufacturing, and transportation, while consuming water and land resources and producing CO2, all of which are far less manageable wastes than a much smaller amount of spent nuclear fuel. The nuclear waste management problem seems like it should be far simpler to solve. 




 The way I see it, the carbon we prevent releasing today is worth far more in the long term than the carbon we prevent releasing 20 years down the road when renewables become fully realized. 




 Er, shouldn't it be much easier to set up a nuclear plant, which can produce huge amounts of energy from one plant for a large area regardless of geography, than huge land areas of solar and wind to produce the same amount of energy, which must take into account where's the best place to put them?

The long term cost in terms of climate change of waiting around for renewables to mature are going to be a lot worse than if we spent a little less in order to invest more in the one solution we know can compete with fossil fuels, today. 




 It seems to me that even compared to renewable energy, the environmental cost of nuclear energy is probably still less. The energy density of nuclear material is orders of magnitude higher than solar, wind, and fossil fuel, and it produces very little waste in comparison, and modern reactors are about as foolproof as possible. Converting to solar and wind require building a huge amount of infrastructure, that means mining, that means manufacturing, that means transportation, and batteries because solar and wind don't deliver base load power. Yes, it's far more environmentally friendly than fossil fuel, but that doesn't mean there aren't significant environmental costs in terms of CO2 emissions from manufacturing and transportation, environmental destruction from mining, toxic wastes from photovoltaics manufacture and mining, water consumption from manufacturing, land consumption from just having to take up a lot of land, consumption of nonrenewable elements from photovoltaic manufacture. And we're talking about technologies that have been maturing for decades and probably won't be fully realized for another few decades (we don't have that long in terms of run away climate change, if anyone's been paying attention to the Anarctic ice shelves). In comparison, nuclear has been mature for quite a while, it's the safest energy technology per unit energy produced (even, iirc, including casualties from horrible human precipitated disasters like Chernobyl), could have drastically reduced fossil fuel consumption decades ago and still could, and produces a tiny amount of relatively manageable waste, compared to all the environmental costs I listed above which apply even to renewables. 




 I can live with it. I love their use of light and color. 




 11/10 with rice. 




 Hi, new to the fandom. What do you call MabelxDipper ship? 




 Well the reality is that world growth rate peaked long ago, and as countries become more developed, they eventually start going negative in terms of population growth (ignoring immigration), so we should hit peak world population within the next century, or the next (the big uncertainty is what will happen to Africa). As far as food production goes, humans are actually pretty good at agricultural innovation: in the 20th century, food production grew 10x, while world population grew 6x. Most hunger in the world is not due to food shortage, but due to food inequality: systemic socio-politico-economic problems that prevent the poor from access to food even though there's plenty of food available (this is obvious in the US, but is also true in India, and really just everywhere, except war-torn and transient natural-disasters). So, many anthropologists, demographers, and developmental economists don't believe in the neo-malthusian predictions of the 60s onwards that population will decline due to massive mortality. The trend has been a decline due to low fertility, with low mortality. Development will naturally carry us over the hump of population growth towards a phase of population stabilization.

That said, I do agree we've been living on borrowed time, in terms of fossil fuels, eroded soils, wasted water resources, but I don't think it's a guarantee that we'll see massive mortality. Part of that is because it won't hit us all at once, so it really depends on if innovation and sociocultural attitudes catches up quickly enough. 




 Eyesphincters instead of eyelids. 




 WE ARE MEN AND WE ARE PROUD OF OUR BODIES BOTH LONG NOSE HAIRED AND OTHERWISE. SOCIETY SHOULD STOP TELLING US WHAT WE SHOULD DO WITH OUR HAIR. 




 IIRC, because humans are more effective, it's actually worth more to pay people to do it. The moral being that natural resources shouldn't be reduced to a simple economic price tag. 




 There's need to be like "family friendly porn" or "parent approved porn" sites which bundle sex-ed with 'realistic' porn. With like, "these are all the contraceptives these two actors are using you should be using contraceptives". 




 I'm not really a neo-malthusian. 




 No, I'm trying to convince you that 'extinction proof' or 'long lasting' has nothing to do with automation, *by definition*. Look up 'automation' in the dictionary. *I did not* make any comment about whether natural things can be automaton, as you would know if you actually read my replies. 




 Except that has nothing to do with the definition of automation. Automation is defined by the (minimal) degree of human intervention involved. It has nothing to do with how long something lasts. It is literally, etymologically, derived from 'self-operating machine' not 'long-lasting machine' or 'extinction-proof machine'. You're using the term wrong. 




 That said, evolution *is* progressive, because it is a process that happens through time. The problem is that lay people confuse later in evolutionary time with subjective ideas such as "better". From the paleoanthropologist's viewpoint, we know what are characteristic of humans today, we want to know what evolutionary events happened which led progressively to modern humans--this can apply to any species of study. Part of the problem is that scientists often resort to teleological colloquialisms in describing evolution, because while incorrect, it is much less cumbersome to say.

 We know that brain size has little to do with inteligence. Sperm whales have brains 5 times as large us us, yet they aren't all that smart. And parrots (I think it's parrots, I know it's some type of bird) have us beat in brain to body ratio.

Brain size may not be comparable for distantly related individuals, but neanderthals are very closely related to modern humans, so brain size is one of the only ways of getting at the question of neanderthal cognition, even if it's not ideal. It's also not just size, it's size of specific lobes, which could indicate differences in certain cognitive faculties. 




 ...that definition makes no sense. Literally everything will waste away given enough time and entropy. 




 There are dozens of us! 




 Which if you think about it is quite counterproductive. It's economically efficient for multiple generations to live in the same household, particularly when it comes to supporting the elderly. Yet our independent attitudes have pushed families towards basically "sub-nuclear" families, for a lack of a better word. The single-person and couple-with-no-kids households are the most rapidly growing types of households. Which is great from an individual level (people shouldn't be pressured to have kids, especially women), but terrible at the societal level in terms of, because given that they have no support from working children, how are we as a society supposed to fulfill our promise of social security which they payed into by working for many decades, when the relative proportion of young working people supporting social security programs is declining? 




 Yes. We should trawl the atmosphere with great big balloons for helium. 




 Maud'dib! 




 I kinda disagree to the extent that I believe all nations will eventually drop below replacement fertility. Even the most fertile nations in Asia and Africa have already been declining for some time or have just begun declining (though fertility statistics are problematic due to high HIV mortality in some regions). For developing nations, fertility decline is really a matter of how fast women's education, reproductive rights, and contraceptive use spreads in a region, which is correlated but not entirely the product of economic development. "having more and more children to send to work to make ends meet" doesn't make any sense, if there are less migrant worker jobs, people won't have more children. 




 What does wisdom with age have to do with it? I will say that China will be hit less because they value filial piety more strongly, so people are more likely to support their elders instead of relying on a social security net. 




 The opening of Finding Nemo. 




 ...selectively nonneutral alleles are not in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium. 




 We should trawl the oceans for reclaimable plastic. Or bioengineer organisms to grow plastic from scratch, or to turn otherwise nonreclaimable plastic into reclaimable plastic. 




 Meh, am I the only guy who wants more "female friendly porn" in the market? 




 Turn old people into rain to help save California from drought. Got it. 




 Yup. Just look at Japan and Italy. It's not just aging, but also declining populations in developed countries = the ratio of young working people supporting ever older dependent people (in terms of social security programs) will be exacerbated. 




 I disagree, but I'm only replying because I thought the (un?)intended "short-lived" joke was funny. 




 It was a radiolab. 




 In developed nations, *population decline and aging*. Most developed countries are already near or at replacement level fertility (2.1 children per women), and European countries like Italy plus Japan are far below replacement level fertility. Developed countries like the U.S. are not shrinking pretty much only because of a high immigration rate. Combined with longer lifespans, this means we're gonna have very few working young people supporting a large population of old people, meaning, current social security programs will fail, and economies will suffer. This will become increasingly the case as underdeveloped nations catch up and eventually hit below replacement fertility (and for them, it will be exacerbated by their much more explosive population growth period, the 30-40 years of extremely high population growth in the recent past will hit them like a tidal wave worse than the stresses of baby boomer retirement on US social security). 




 ...You're right. I do like lettuce wraps. 




 Individual anecdotes should not dictate people's opinions of what should be done at the level of populations and societies. 




 Well yeah, 98% of those authors were undergrads, the vast majority of which won't ever have to worry about tenure. But if you're an older researcher who had a strong hand in the conception and coordination of such a large research project, that would come through, and would be quite a positive. 




 These people have worked full time for years on this research project, so I think it's justifiable for them to share authorship, as I think that would justify authorship on much smaller research projects. Even the person who contributed the most to this project didn't do more than 1/1000th of the work. 




 If you're working full time for multiple years on a research project, I think authorship is warranted. 




  but the title author carries more weight in the academic sector

This doesn't apply well to particle physics, where the field is used to having very large research projects, and whose author lists are alphabetized (note this paper is cited Aad et al. 2015 (Aad, Abayjan, Abbott, ..., Zwalinksi)). 




 *millions* of people, *thousands* of institutions 




 Spinach is a better option than lettuce in all situations where you'd use lettuce. 




 It's more fun to chuck wood chippers into newborns. 




 I mean I wouldn't do it unprotected nor if the dick as larger than a zucchini. 




 Or write a novel slash ampersand screenplay. 




 ;_; 




 Best story about an egg I've heard in years. 




 Polls on news media should have error bars and sample sizes. 




 I watch most things subbed. Except the shows I watched on Toonami and the like as a kid, I prefer the dubbed versions for sentimental reasons. 




 Why do you have an ostrich egg? 




 Do a separate weekly "classics" papers 




 Yup, agreed, reeks of ufoism as well. 




 It's not like teachers in high school are tenured professors. They're chained by state curriculums and pressure from administrators and the need to keep their job. While you are right *in theory*, in practice the intent of the bill is obvious. No teacher is going to suddenly start "help students understand, analyze, critique, and review the scientific strengths and scientific weaknesses" of germ theory, atomic theory, cosmology, etc. (literally, most if not all of science is theory building). If you add things, you have to remove stuff, because there is only so much time in a year. So it's pretty clear that teachers can't tackle "all existing scientific theories covered", the only ones that they'll tackle, and which state standards will push, are the ones that offend the sensibilities of lawmakers, administrators, parents, or the teachers themselves. None of the curriculum changes at the state, district, or classroom level are gonna be peer-reviewed, so there's no quality control on what is taught as science or not. 




  some of best benders and nonbenders 

I actually disagree. When the White Lotus Army first enters Ba Sing Se, shown are quite a lot more people in the army than just Iroh, Bumi, etc. They have no screentime, instead, we focus on the characters that we know best and who are yes among the best benders in ATLA. We aren't given any indication of how strong they are. And as a secret philosophical society, it's likely that a lot of the members aren't fighters. The ones who would go to Ba Sing Se would be among the strongest benders in the society. 

It also makes some sense that the white lotus members doing daily sentry and guarding work, will not be particularly strong. The best benders in both series have always played big active roles as leaders in the world. I would probably consider Zuko, Tenzin, Chief Sokka as members of the White Lotus during LoK, even if it's not explicit. At the very least, Zuko and Tenzin are shown as superiors to white lotus members. So that bumps up their average somewhat. 




 I am flattered, but as someone who does research on evolutionary questions, I am not qualified to discuss current research into astrophysics. I do know some physicists who I could forward any questions you might have. 




 Well in some sense, what were the White Lotus supposed to do? They were a secret society, who very clearly exposed themselves to the world at a very important time to do a very important task (take back Ba Sing Se). There was no going back to being a secret. 




 Sure I can agree with that. 




 I'm not saying there weren't better ways OP could have phrased the question. That said, I think given that OP had clear misconceptions, your original answer should have had more tact and depth than it had, and address both the flaw in the question and the likely underlying question that was intended. As it was, it was not a useful answer. It's kind of like when people ask "Does X or not X?" and people answer "Yes." 




 Star Trek was always more about anthropological (in the sociocultural sense) progressivism than any kind of realistic portrayal of aliens. The minds of real aliens would be more incomprehensible to us than our relatives the squids. Their genitals would be less functional at impregnating humans as our relatives the squids. 




 Yeah, and that would be due to the latitudinal effect of solar radiation. 




 Meh, the Islamic world was a pretty happening place back in the 9th through 13th centuries. They had some of the foremost libraries in the world, they had algebra, and astronomy. The Christian world at the time was a joke in comparison. Religious societies do not exist in a vacuum, they are the product of various historical, political, economic, and sociocultural contingencies. 




 I mean, I would have interpreted "tend to" to mean, 'greater than on average', not 'greater than 50%'. 




 Africa actually has a wide range of skin tones. Not quite as white as Europeans, but there exists a wider range of hues than exists in Europeans. This reflects the fact that Africa is the most diverse place in the world in terms of human genetic diversity, and maintains a lot of heterogeneity in genetics and culture. In contrast, Western genetics, culture, (and skin tone) are a lot more homogenous. 




 On the mixed race thing, that applies to pretty much any minority population. It's true of mixed Asian-Europeans in Western countries. It's also true in Japan; mixed Black-Japanese, or White-Japanese people are not considered Japanese by fellow Japanese people, even if they are in all other respects Japanese natives, they'll still be treated as foreigners. It's a property of seeming to be not of the majority population, regardless of what the majority actually is. 




 Your designer's an idiot for giving humans blind spots. Apparently she (or he) likes cephalopods more, because at least cephalopods have the retina on the side of the optic nerves that actually makes sense. Who the hell puts the cables in front of the screen? For all vertebrates, yet puts the cables behind the screen, as where they should be, for all cephalopods? 




 I work in population genetics. Of course you can tell (based on sequence comparisons, of various sorts) what genomic fragments are related to what genomic fragments. Hell, you let me sequence your genome, and I can partition your genome into various ancestral populations of origin, whether that be N. Indian, European, Denisovan, etc. There are companies whose business models is doing this directly to consumer (23andMe and Ancestry.com) with the ultimate goal of improving medical treatment. It's not a matter of belief or theorizing. We're talking about decades of development in population genetics, statistical inference, bayesian inference, and more recently machine learning. And countless hours of algorithm development and computational time at universities, government labs, and industries across the globe. How bout we at least *try* to accurately describe the amount of work that has gone into this. 




  I think most can agree that the only reason evolution is still considered a theory is because we don't know what the "missing link" is

As someone who does research on evolutionary questions: go learn some basic evolutionary theory. Because, I can't even... 









 http://nextbigfuture.com/2011/03/deaths-per-twh-by-energy-source.html 




 http://nextbigfuture.com/2011/03/deaths-per-twh-by-energy-source.html 




 Far worse. Nuclear, even accounting for worst-case disaster estimates, is the safest energy resource in terms of casualties per energy produced. IIRC, coal is one of the worst, if not the worst. 




 ...which eventually goes into the groundwater. 




 A *lot* more people have dined from coal mining and oil refinery accidents than have ever been attributed to nuclear energy. Where does she think we get any resources from? The ground. All fossil fuels. All the metals and rare elements that go into building wind and solar. 




 Weren't they also operating past it's designed life time as well? 




 Garnet is Amon. 




 They're conditionally independent given GPA. 




 A nice pucker. 




 Half as long makes sense to me. In the both move case, motion of a person relative to the other person is twice that of the stand still case. It's as if the second person is taking twice as many moves per time step. This is ignoring boundary effects. 




 Alternatively, you can think of it as: 256 players mean there must be 255 games exactly, since every game results in exactly one loser of which there are 255. 255 games is nice because it is the sum of powers of 2, which is also the next power of 2 minus 1.  




 Monsters Inc and Spirited Away. 




 Do you have banelings in there or something? 




 At the very least, probably good for broader impacts on GRFP, and other potential fellowships. 




 Surely You're Joking Mr. Feynman is a riot, Feynman is a fascinating character. You should definitely read it.

The Selfish Gene, by Dawkins, is pretty classic at this point.

The Story of the Human Body: Evolution, Health, and Disease, is a nice recent book. 




 This is the closet thing I know of: http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2014/04/140402-suspended-animation-gunshot-victims-science-death/

Basically, there are medical trials for severe gunshot trauma victims to replace their blood with a cold saline solution in the ER to slow down metabolic damage, in order to give an extra hour or two for doctors to do "damage control". Then they put the blood back in and restart the heart. I don't know what has come out of the trials.

I don't think we'll ever have cryosleep for deep space exploration. It's far easier to send the raw materials and create a human at the other end. Or send robots. 




 Science has already provided the answer: turn it into starch and alcohol.

http://www.pnas.org/content/110/18/7182.abstract

 The global demand for food could double in another 40 y owing to growth in the population and food consumption per capita. To meet the worlds future food and sustainability needs for biofuels and renewable materials, the production of starch-rich cereals and cellulose-rich bioenergy plants must grow substantially while minimizing agricultures environmental footprint and conserving biodiversity. Here we demonstrate one-pot enzymatic conversion of pretreated biomass to starch through a nonnatural synthetic enzymatic pathway composed of endoglucanase, cellobiohydrolyase, cellobiose phosphorylase, and alpha-glucan phosphorylase originating from bacterial, fungal, and plant sources. A special polypeptide cap in potato alpha-glucan phosphorylase was essential to push a partially hydrolyzed intermediate of cellulose forward to the synthesis of amylose. Up to 30% of the anhydroglucose units in cellulose were converted to starch; the remaining cellulose was hydrolyzed to glucose suitable for ethanol production by yeast in the same bioreactor. Next-generation biorefineries based on simultaneous enzymatic biotransformation and microbial fermentation could address the food, biofuels, and environment trilemma.

tl;dr: be third of four in human centipede where the first mouth eats the door. 




 He's not really *eating* it though is he? 




 Weird shit is what OP's dad calls him. 




 http://s.quickmeme.com/img/ff/ffab74964b0f6ac06bb18d4ada4142fd4e0775d2a4a2cf2e57723b288f480d5f.jpg 




 Single-cell genomics, population genomics, metagenomics, and the application of genomics to non-model organisms in terms of understanding their evolution and ecology. 




 I think we won't know until we try it. It may be the case that GWAS does not deliver on it's "promise" (for a lack of a better word). There are diseases where genomic data will continue to enlighten, such as for identifying pathways which are mutated in cancer. Moreover, the technology that started with genomics has given rise to methods that have been used to look at the epigenome, the proteome, etc. 




 i think it's naive you think you know what his girlfriend would or wouldn't mind about their own personal finances, particularly given it's mother's day. 




 We'd still have molecular phylogeny, so we would eventually have a very good idea about how present day organisms are related to each other. We'd still have molecular clocks, though they would not be calibrated well. We'd still have ontogeny. We'd still have biogeography. We'd still have "living fossils" like lungfish to inform us of major transitions in evolution. Having molecular phylogeny is a huge asset, as it offers the *strongest* evidence we have for the common origins of life, but our picture of that tree, *especially* the morphology of prehistoric organisms, would be just a caricature. That said, we did roughly predict things like what Tiktalik would look like and where it would be before discovering it. 




 ...No patrick, mayonnaise is *not* an instrument. 









 Good posts on ecology and academia.
https://dynamicecology.wordpress.com/
 




 *my ear balls!* 




 Do you mean lizard men? 




 Men who tell other men to "man-up" or "stop being a pussy" or otherwise perpetuate regressive notions of man-hood, particular when it comes to emotional or empathetic expression. 




 'MURICA 




 This is a bad time to say I like your username. 




 ELI4 




 I disagree with most of the posts in this thread. There are aspects of evolution that can happen quickly and predictably. I predict humans will evolve in the following ways in the next 100 years.

1) Increased admixture. With increasing globalization and relaxation of sociocultural attitudes, populations will continue to become less differentiated, and more people will be born of mixed population ancestry. Heterozygosity will increase, which ironically will decrease the prevalence of homozygotic traits. (We may see less red-heads).

2) Migration/Gene Flow. Pretty obvious. Related to admixture. Also influenced by globalization.

3) Host-disease evolutionary dynamics. Epidemics such as AIDS and Ebola have in the past few decades have selected for and will continue to select for disease resistance. Chances are there will be a few more such diseases this century, as long as there's still impoverished areas of the world without access to modern epidemiology.

4) Selective neutrality of previously deleterious diseases. As biomedicine improves, previously traits that were deleterious but persist in the population due to e.g. recessiveness, will become treatable and therefore neutral. The relaxation of selective pressure would allow such now treatable disorders to drift more freely in the population and increase. An example of this that is already happening is the observed increase in near-sightedness.

5) Genetic screening. Expansion of prenatal screening and women's reproductive rights will reduce the prevalence of very deleterious disorders. An example of this that is already happening is Down's syndrome, and there's no reason to not expect it won't happen with much more genetically influenced disorders such as Huntington's. This effectively removes these alleles from the gamete pool, and homozygous genotypes from the genotype pool.

6) Sexual selection, small selective coefficients, and genetic drift, will always exist to a limited extent.

7) Genetic engineering and gene therapy. There's a very real possibility that this will become a reality in the next century. CRISPR in humans may become a thing.

8) One demographic aspect of human evolution is that our population has grown tremendously in the past 200 years. As the rest of the world completes their demographic transition, the world population will eventually stabilize in population and actually start to decline somewhat (people in developed nations consistently reproduce at below replacement fertility). Exponential population growth has immediate effects on evolution, and this will shift as the world population enters a new regime of population stabilization and decline. One example effect of exponential population growth is that it introduces a lot of very rare variants quickly into the population, that is, many very rare familial diseases, which may soon go to extinction. It also means genetic diversity will increase as our effective population size catches up to census size (though this will happen over longer time scales than a century).

9) By demographic corollary, since African and to a lesser extent Asia will shoulder the brunt of the population growth in the next century (since most of the West has already stabilized in population), there will be a shift in gene frequencies at the global level. Africa in particular has always had the most genetic diversity of any human population, so we'll see a great expansion in the frequency of very diverged alleles that up until recently have only been found in isolated African populations.

10) Unexplored dynamics between an aging world population, longer reproductive spans, and selection.

tl;dr Evolution consists of the processes of selection, migration/gene flow, genetic drift, and mutation. It is also influenced by population structure and systems of mating. One or more of these will change in the next century, and thus human population genetics (evolution is defined as population gene frequency change) will change significantly, many of those ways being predictable. 




 As a math major who took a bunch of upper-level math courses working in a somewhat math related field, my opinion is that high schools should replace the standard two-course calculus track for the better students with at least one-course of statistics. Most people who take calculus will never need it unless they're going into a calculus-heavy subset of STEM. Almost EVERYONE can benefit from a strong statistical foundation IRL, and everyone in a STEM field including many others will use statistics. What surprises me more are how there are undergraduate majors in STEM that do not require a probstats class, or more than 1 semester's worth, because the only thing worse than no understanding of statistics is just enough statistics background to think you know it when you don't. 




 Not an online course, but the book "The Elements of Computing Systems: Building a Modern Computer from First Principles" 




 Nausicaa and the Valley of the Wind. Hiyao Miyazaki's magnum opus. 




 Environment always changes. Particularly, there will always be host-parasite arm races. 




 Rubisco, "Ruby" for short.

Nucleus.

Gingko.

Any gemstone. 




 *inert rape joke here* 




 It's taught wrong. Mathematics is so often taught as a bag of equations and a small set of standard questions repeated ad nauseum. When in reality, mathematics is about abstractions, concepts, symmetry, generalizations, and soundly reasoned arguments, which your understanding of can only be solidified through application to problems which stretch and test your abilities and build your intuition. You have to get in there and actually manipulate mathematical ideas to understand them. Mathematics is all deductive, yet curricula only over explore it superficially, lacking the necessary depth to build true understanding. 




 No... 




 "No means yes."

No. 




