 your goals are mediocrity  




 lol 




 I think they are. They're playing at a high level. 

He's old but not "old". 




 because i asked this question? 




 their two best players, guards, are in their prime 

they got an experienced center

 




 never heard it before

to us a kit is something that you have to assemble 

or the real name of Jon Snow  




 we'll see 




 In my mind Steve Nash never left.  




 So your rommate is a woman transitioning into a man?  




 he's listed as PF  









 timmy will list himself as PF no matter what

that's how he do 




 I have so many stories. If there are Lakers jerseys when I got to my seats, I always sigh.  




 why would he want to play for the spurs? they're old, he has to play center, and what kind of numbers is he going to get there? 

he should come to phoenix, light it up! we run and get buckets, none of this "defense" mess 




 The obnoxious Lakers fans at Suns games. Seriously drunk lady, stop screaming for a minute.  




 I hope Love will be able to feed his kids with only $110,000,000. After paying his agent and taxes, that might only be like $70,000,000, smh.  




 done 




 and 720 

much better! 




 oh ok, maybe they can fix it? 




 did you forget him selling picks for cash? we could have had deng and rondo 




 i don't think it works like that, i think someone recorded the event with a cell phone from 2003 




 144p? really?  




 you're  gonna be crushed when he signs with the spurs

just forget about it, if we get him then you can celebrate, but otherwise you're just setting yourself up for heartbreak  




 don't forget to put "no homo" after your response everyone

*not that there is anyone wrong with being homo, just saying* 




 any chance cheapskate Robert Sarver would be ok going a little over the cap? 




 that's wild 




 that's a lot of money to clap 




 how does the tax work? is it double each dollar your'e over the cap? or another way? 




 after James left, yes 




 i'll have to check them out, thanks 




 but see, LeBron is hurt early in the season so they have time to develop without him rather than depending on him

it would be different 




 thx 




 what? how does that even work? are the numbers listed somewhere? 




 You mean kind of like how it already is?  




 If Kyrie and Kevin stay healthy, I say they make the finals and lose.  




 so how much are the cavs going over the cap and how much luxury tax are they going to pay? 




 transracial? lol jk 

what's it like having a trans roommate? i'm thinking maybe less worse than non trans people? 




 I hear you! people give so much hate when you're relaying facts and they confuse it as normative positions  




 lol 




 i like leaders like bernie, not people catching up like hillary 




 Why not do a short deal with an option and then he can get upgraded soon enough? 




 First round pick and any player that didn't have a big money commitment.  




 does bledose get traded for him or does phoenix keep bledose? maybe we unload the morris twins trash? 




 Must be Portland Degeneration-X! 




 We have been here many times before. We get close a lot and are let down.  




 what are the chances he's traded to the one or two teams he blows off?  




 it will free him up big on offense for sure 




 solid analysis  




 dirk is the exception, not the rule 

you should have brought up robert parish 

been like he has 3 more contracts left 




 what about NY? 




 i think you're reaching just a bit lol 




 they said this? lol 




 good points 




 Thanks.  




 agenda: break the story or guess correctly so they become big 




 This is supporting your earlier prediction. 




 This is enough for me to get my hopes up so I can later be disappointed. 




 As unlikely as it may be, James leaving is still in the realm of possibility.  




 good answer, thanks

 




 He's about to turn 30 and signing probably his last contract of his career. 




 f*ck em 




 "reload this page"  




 interesting move!  




 damn 




 could he decide to sign and scrap those meetings?  




 seriously!  




 with whom? 




 are you in europe?  




 why not?  




 i almost feel bad for knicks fans, almost 




 thanks bro 




 why do you think this? because i think we're at best his 3rd choice 




 that doesn't mean he can't take his sweet time though 




 it's exhausting  




 Because I can't think much more of this.  




 my head and fingers hurt 




 yes, thanks 




 ok, thanks 




 so it could be higher?  




 That's not soon enough. 




 Lakers should keep Russell, and unload everything else of value to get as many picks as possible and then try to get Ben Simmons.  




 Until Ben Simmons comes along.  




 i'd take him over our politicians who regularly sell us out to corporations and banks 




 this is true, she's still a lot better than anyone with the bad guys

but she can very far to the left and I think she will Obama us

i only believe Sanders will put americans first instead of the banks and corporations 




 are you really? lol

because it would be funny that I asked a tax accountant this question 




 Can't he still get the high contract from Portland and get traded with that contract to Phoenix?  




 Robert Sarver trading player for cash, like with Deng or Rondo. 




 [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_iTrqHvTk_0) 




 that's true 




 this is only impressive if you're 100% straight  




 and what's your tax rate?  




 he's trying to pull a kevin costner in draft day 




 why not? as long as someone doesn't have a no trade clause
 




 please based god! 




 this is wild! he'd get his rep back up if he pulled this off 




 We'd finally upgrade from just competing for the 8th seed every year.  




 Goodwin is better than booker.  




 what if they dealt him to someone else?  




 like what?
 




 I'd go for this!  




 One man one woman.  




 because it's a reality we have to acknowledge and I am not delusional in thinking what I post or don't post will change the results of the primary election  




 at committing felonies  




 Amare? But he doesn't rebound. Only jump shots.  




 The two largest markets can't get any quality free agents. NBA needs to back to the rigging business.  




 Bernie Sanders stood for gay rights before it became popular.  









 Kobe.  




 fantasy value is taking a hit with him being the 3rd option and not putting up his old numbers  




 Iowa? do you guys have early voting? I'm hoping you lead the way 




 What can we expect from Love next season? will he be a 20/10 player again?  




 so maybe 5'10 or 5'11? 




 Glad to hear you think for yourself, but you're the exception unfortunately

  




 there is? what is the hard cap? where is that info? 




 Historically, height has been a factor in presidential elections.  




 they're using a team based model on an individual based sport

also, their product is shit 




 you don't have to  like it but it's how many people vote

don't shoot the messenger  














 Get boards and pass him the ball.  









 I thought there was not a hard cap in the NBA like there is in the NFL? Is this wrong? Why don't top players like James have their teams spend well over the cap since they're selling out every night and getting them more TV money just for being with the team??? 









 She got money from regular people, but you know Wall Street is eager to have her at the helm. The banks can't give her money fast enough. It would be so sweet to see Sanders wreck the banks!  




 There's always some chance.  




 when is the **next** TV deal go into effect? or rather, when does the one about to start expire? 




 more like 1000% 









 You can't leave earlier? While it is a gamble, if I were you I would go because it could be an opportunity to be part of something historical that you could look back on. What's the worst that can happen? You waste a tank of gas and an evening?  




 there is a convergence in Wisconsin  









 that was not just MSNBC, that was everyone 




 years of gay rumors apparently  














 He couldn't see the tax cuts would hurt the economy? really?

you felt safer because he started a war with Iraq? you know the Bush administration taking out Hussein and dismantling their military led to the destabilization of the region and the formation of ISIS, right? 




 is Te'o bringing his girlfriend? 




 I want to go!  




 You're the majority. Most democrats and republicans vote this way. The race is about the people in the middle. 




