 I'm still on my way to realizing my dream now and i will appreciate you for sharing your experience with me and give me some inspiration.  




 Yes! You're right! I love her, too!  




 I really enjoy these photos and I appreciate your sharing.  




 One flower girl once got the chance to get language training and later become an elegant lady.  




 Glad to see some of the movies I like are on the list like The Fair Lady and Forrest Gump.  




 Seems like if you were the superman, you would be very busy.  




 OK, i see. :) 




 What does your step 3 mean? 




 Yeah, it's reasonable. More robots will make our life easier and since making things is faster cheaper, people won't have so much pressure as they have now. Automation will do good to our society in some aspects. But don't you think it will also have some side effects?  




 But if there are robots every where to do things for human, or when the things being done by human become being done by robots or other automatic machines, the unemployment rate will rise. what are the things for human beings to do?  




 Superman, Batman, Captain American, these are all the heroes in the movies. if you become one of them one day, what will you do?  




 It seems like the reasonable analysis. So you are for the idea of making as many robots as possible to help us in our life?  




 Taking over the world may seem cool, but I don't think it will be fun. From the perspective of human beings, you have so many responsibilities and you should consider so many things for human beings, too. But I believe you will be the machine king one day. Try to make machines that will help us at that time.  




 The dialogue between the father and son when they were playing the basketball in the Pursuit of Happiness. 
" You got a dream, you gotta protect it."
" Don't ever let somebody tell you you can't do something, not even me. "  




 Wow, it seems you will take a lot responsibilities on saving the world. Keep going then! :) 




