 Not to mention those flowers are not rabbit safe.  




 Shame on Martha Stewart Living. Not only do they pose live rabbits in their Easter baskets for photos, they actually suggest including a hotot rabbit in your basket! (Cover and page 95) There is no information regarding life-span or care. I have already written and told the magazine that rabbits are not disposable Easter decorations and that the dumping situation is bad enough without their irresponsible encouragement. Here is the link to contact them if you wish to add your voice: http://www.marthastewart.com/contact-us-form or Editor's email: living@marthastewart.com 














 that paw! 




 Thanks! 




 Happy Gotcha Day to the Princess Lady Guinevere Snugglebottom. She was our foster for 5 days before the papers got signed! :D 














 She is absolutely in love with him. I'm ok - but he is the best thing in the world as far as she is concerned.  









 Enough people have enough of a soft spot to see what you consider fugly as character.  These buns will look good as new once treated though. It is actually really amazing how well rabbits heal and how fast. And after 1 molt (which happen multiple times a year) a stained rabbit has a brand new sparkling white coat. A lot of white rabbits come to the shelter urine stained from being kept in tiny neglected hutches. They look good as new after a molt.  




 People take animals with all kinds of disabilities - I saw a lady who took a rabbit whose ear had been cut with scissors the other day. 

I have a friend who rescues bull terriers - many from terrible conditions. His current dog has scars all over his face.
 




 you can use liquid bandage to provide a surface barrier. Vitamin a d ointment without fragrance added is also helpful.

HealX is made for sore hocks - but is expensive and takes weeks before results take effect. 




 It looks like she is claiming her kill  




 Aside from the general awfulness of how people use animals - this serves as a good warning for anyone posting on classifieds. Make sure you are only sharing information you want public! 




 I usually just tell them they're SO creative. They usually don't have much besides their one stupid unoriginal joke - so it isn't like they are going to go on about recipes to me and require much more than that. It shows "I don't think you're being cute or funny, I have heard it before, and frankly you aren't even clever." Convo usually moves on pretty fast from there.

As far as guests and my buns not wanting to be chased - I usually gather up my rabbits when guests arrive and introduce them - let guests pet them while I hold them so they can meet each other.  




 Beautiful picture! 




 To my knowledge, trancing only occurs when 

1. The head of the rabbit is lowered below the heart while on their back

2. The neck is bent back and not supported properly

It is possible to hold a rabbit on its back without trancing it. 

I also do an arm cradle with bigger bunnies so their butt is in my lap and their shoulders rest against the crook of my left elbow (semi-reclined) - I wrap my forearm over them and use the left hand to hold the feet I am working with or to pet them and calm them. 

 




 http://www.howcast.com/videos/514678-How-to-Trim-Your-Rabbits-Nails-Pet-Rabbits

I haven't done this but it looks cool 




 smallpetselect.com and rabbitholehay.com are places I order from 




 Celery can be dangerous if they don't chew through the strings and it clogs their GI tract. The easy fix to that is to just chop it up before giving it to them 




 So freaking cool 




 Nina
 




 http://imgur.com/c5fti8g  Leela Beela in candy cane festivity 




 Go for it!  




 Thanks! The helmet was not easy to make! It was a foil loaf pan - making a helmet that works with his ears and being able to see his eyes on the side of his head etc is kinda tricky!  




 Thank you- he does sit pretty doesn't he? 

Hard to believe we never had rabbits a year ago and now we have 4 and are active volunteers with a rescue!  




 Thank you! and happy bunniversary to you and Eve! 




 Not sure if you saw the other post of him or not: http://www.reddit.com/r/Rabbits/comments/1uhvfw/the_story_of_how_a_young_rabbit_was_knighted/ 









 so awesome 




