 Those still are a massive buff though. With 40%CDR, you get to riptide every 2.4 seconds! You'll do a lot more damage over time with that then you will with a 25 damage DOT, that only stays up with your shield being up. 




 It gives her more burst, but hugely effects her early clears in the jungle 




 The %health being removed is a huge nerf to her early clears. 




 Noc top. 




 Nocturne isn't terrible at pre6 ganks if you hit your Q. Odds are you won't get a kill unless you have a lockdown laner, but you can force flashes incredibly easy. 




 Then again, c9 is famous for the "I got cumshot in 7" being played over comms 




 I would argue that hai is best on pre-nerf syndra. IIRC that was what he played when they beat SSB 




 He's a strong pick, especially against lower mobilty teams. He excels at being an anti-bully in lane (pretty much impossible to push him out of lane), that can scale into either an unkillable super tank, or a monstrous burst threat depending on the build. He's also incredibly snowbally if you get ahead.

In teamfights you want to be a massive wall that body blocks all the skillshots for your team. You'll get kited out if you try to dive so it's usually best just to peel for your carries (especially since you can shred tanks with your true damage nuke).  




 Yeah it's pretty much that. There are websites that archive a lot of the links to deep web sites. Unless things have changed in the 2 or so years since I last was on it. Seeing a video of a guy finding a roadkill fox, taking it home, and fucking it was the last straw for me. 




 It's satire, you shouldn't get so riled up about it. 




 You could literally defend an Inhib turret from the fountain using your ult. 




 I agree with what your saying, but look at some of the numbers post nerf. 

Kassadin ult range: 450 

Cool down:7/5/3

Mana cost 60 x2 up to a total of 980

Nidalee pounce range: 375 (750 against hunted)

Cool down: 5

Mana cost: 0

In short, the champion who's entire kit is based around his mobility is basically outclassed by Nidalee. This is not even mentioning the fact that Nidalee has much higher burst at all points of the game (a level 9 spear will out damage a level 13 QE from Kassadin alone). She also has the benefit of a strong early/mid game, where Kassadin needs to make it to at least the 25 minute mark to be effective. 




 I don't think that build is bad, but you have to remember that you will be missing out on a ton of damage for early ganks, which often will mean the difference between a kill or not. You could offset this by rushing your trinity force before completing juggernaut, but you may find that you might not have a real powerspike for any mid-game fights.  




 Yes I do, I also know that it is his ultimate ability, does neglible damage, and has insane mana costs. I'm not saying that Kassadin doesn't need a nerf, but this is overkill. 




 Kassadin has been balanced around having a weak early/mid game, and a strong late game. Making his ult range go 450/550/650 (instead of a static 450 like on PBE) will still be a net nerf, even at max rank. This will still let him be able to actually ult onto ADCs in teamfights (as all adc's will outrange riftwalk if the original changes go through) but will also make his early/mid game weaker as he can't make the same sort of jungle escapes, or roam as well until he's max rank. This will also cut back on snowballing, making him easier to shut down.  




 Yep, all meta ADCs out range riftwalk now. 




 They basically halved his riftwalk distance 




 To be fair, a girl challenger is *somewhat* special, when you factor in how few girls are likely in challenger in the first place. 




 And UOL 2-0d TSM, yet TSM is ahead of UOL. Things have changed since IEM's, and this is coming from a C9 fan. 




 They're not as strong as they were during the league of hyper carries late season 4, but ADC is still a strong role. Unfortunately, the current meta is pretty harsh to adc's with dive comps being popular. Every team has a Vi/Jarvan or Lissandra to lock you down and make you miserable.

The best ADC at the moment is Graves, other top-tier ones are Sivir, Jinx, Corki, and Kalista ( only in competitive/duo queues) 




 I'm just curious, where would you find room for CDR in your build? ROA into Zhonyas is non-negotiable, you need Deathcap and Void staff to do real damage, and then your left with one slot, which is usually filled with a Lich Bane, GA, Banshees, etc. 




 Unfortunately, there is no real ADC like old Tristana. She had a combination of damage and safety that no other ADC really had. The closest IMO is actually Cait. Strong lane, weak mid game, strong late game. Very safe,  and high range as well. Unfortunately she isn't really a 'hypercarry', but her damage is still respectable. 




 Sirchez plays him to success in masters. He blind picks him and everything. If you like him enough, you can play him in pretty much any elo (you'll start to have troubles the higher you rise, but that won't be for quite a while) 




 "Wow this noob Lee tried to insec their ADC, but he failed his flash. I swear he didn't hit a single Q all game, and didn't even gank bot despite them having no wards." 




 Especially with such a low-kill game 




 I would take a frozen heart. Sion has enough CC as it is that he doesn't particularily need the slow, and the extra armor is just so valuable on a tank, especially one with as much natural health as Sion. 

Also, another point I just want to make about the manamune is that all of Sions abilities are AOE, so he can't even proc the bonus damage on anything but his autos. 




 There's basically nothing riot can do (besides an absurd nerf or complete rework) that will make kassadin not viable. I say go for him. He's really fun to play, and fairly easy to pick up. He's also got a high skillcap (not in a mechanical sense, more of just knowing his limits and when to go in/out) so he's rewarding to master. Just remember that he has a long ramp-up time, (especially if they keep nerfing his base damages). You can't do too much until ROA + Zhonyas, and you don't really start dealing strong damage until over 3 items in.  




 5% bonus AR/MR  is literally negligible if you're not building full tank. With a GA, and armour/mr runes, you're getting around 3 armour and MR each. That is so little it's almost non existent (at the point in the game where you would have a GA) 




 well, it does work for Nidalee :^) 




 Also, it's been seen a lot on vi's and other jungles recently, as it lets her farm the jungle, gank, and regen the lost health so she can remain farming. It also gives her much more health from her passive 




 Poke comps 




 Ap lee song support 




 Crit isn't optimal, but it is still a great stat on nasus. It's absurd how much damage you will deal with a crit Q, as it will include the AD steroid from your ult. I have literally one-shot a sona with a crit-Q + sheen proc from triforce. You're right about the stacks not being added to the crit damage however. 




 While I agree with what your saying, It doesn't fit the parameters of your question. Let's say you get camped and end up very gold starved(like under 3k gold at the 15 minute mark) and a dragon fight breaks out. Would you rather have a rumble with sorc shoes and guise, or a jaz with a sheen and phage? Yes, jax will eventually become a beast either way, but the game will snowball out of control before them if he is starved. 




 Rumble is probably the best 'meta' champ to be gold starved. He only really needs sorc shoes and haunting guise to be effective. 




 Jax is extremely gold dependent. He needs a good 7k gold to hit his powespike. 




 Keane is known for wrecking challenger players as urgot 




 Hasn't lost a single LCS Game on him 




 Nobody really punishes him though in low Elo 




 Hell, I finished my season as a lowly silver, got placed bronze 3, and carried myself out easily. 90% irelia win rate, 100% nasus, 75% Ahri/Kog/Morg. As a diamond you can easily smash lane and carry from there. Plus, if you're respectful and are carrying, bronze players will listen to your calls all the time. 




 To be fair to hai, kass has a fairly hard lane against corki. 




 Maple street basically fucked himself anyhow 




 Rush did show up today though 




 Janna will remain, purely because of these aggressive supports. She offers the disengage to make someone like Leona useless 




 That will still take a solid ~13 minutes to get under IDEAL conditions. With the amount of pressure riven can put on him, you can delay that much much longer. 




 He's actually fairly weak at the moment, purely because of the popularity of Morellonomicon. His ult regen will almost always be reduced by half, unless you pop it extremely early. He will still be a unkillable super tank, just slightly less effective then he was in s4. Plus other tanks such as Maokai and Gnar bring so much more then him in terms of utility. 




 Abusing your E is the biggest point. Irelia is weak early game in most matchups, until you get several points in your W. Against strong laners you can farm fairly Safely with your Q, and disengage with your E.  You can usually look to all-in your laner at levels 4,5,7,9, when she gets additional true damage from her W. Don't worry about being pushed under your turret, as irelia is one of the best turret farmers in the entire game + it makes it incredibly easy for you to set up ganks when they're that pushed. 




 Shyvs E is an on-hit buff, Kalistas E is a secure that takes time to ramp up. Completely different things. 




 If you have to have a fed support though, annie is probably the best choice 




 Shyvs E is an on-hit buff though, that made her clears stupidly fast. 




 It only works when your team has baron control though. 




 Show us a screenshot of the scripting message then. 




 You will still have a much stronger teamfight then the team that will likely be lacking the utility that most top laners bring 









 The standard build is Triforce into BOTRK. From there it's mostly situational, but the most common is then IE into phantom dancer (gives higher dps then last whisper even against tanks) however, last whisper is still a good choice, as it is often stronger then pd when your W is down/you can't afford to auto constantly. You should pick up a defensive item early on as you already do high dps but have low survivabililty.

 




 It'll be a must buy for me. It pays for itself in basically 3 minutes. 250
Gold is enough to give up as a solo laner without the fear of falling behind that a sightstone will give you. 




 Have you ever fired a gun before? The skills it takes to be a sharpshooter are vastly different then it takes to be a league of legends player. 




 Leave regular sports and E-sports separate. They're both activities that take a lot of skill and practise, but still aren't nearly close enough to be put in the same category. Maybe someday we will see an E-sports Olympics or something, just preferably not in the same showing as a 100 metre sprint or swimming competitions. 




 I think annie might be a good choice for you. Easy mechanics, stupid burst, great engage, everything you would need for an all-in comp. As a bonus she can also be played support as well. 




 I've been playing her in lane since the patch. Since you can't reliably use your passive for any extended period of time in lane you really need the tear. Plus it gives you a MASSIVE damage increase when it is completed. In jungle eve (which is weaker then lane eve imo)  I would skip it though, you can't afford the early 720 gold for no combat stats on someone who already struggles in her clear. 




 Evelynn actually is pretty threatening if built as an assassin now. A BOTRK, Muramana and sheen will literally let her kill a carry in less then a second. 




 Silver 3

5/5

Bronze 3. 

Guess the climb from bronze 4 to silver 3 during preseason was useless. Only positive is I'm gaining 25lp per win and only losing 13 




 To be honest, even as an 'off-meta' pick, he just doesn't really have anything going for him. His attack speed scaling is horrendous, (.777 at level 18), he has low range (550 is the norm), no mobility at all, and no AD scaling. He has literally 0 traits you would want in an adc, besides some small self peel, which you won't need as nobody will focus you due to dealing zero damage. Velkoz is just completely outclassed. Most off meta picks like adc twisted fate or adc ahri have things going for themselves that make them not dead-weight. Ahri has a massive mid game spike and insane kiting and self peel, and twisted fate has an attack speed steroid, self peel, and a decent magic damage on-hit steriod.  

You can go ahead and try it if you want, just it really isn't worth the effort. 




 Nautilus probably takes the cake. He's got an AOE knock up, a snare (that can be used repeatedly on different people, a AOE slow, and a pull + gapcloser.  




 Kog'maw has all of that as well, and he also has a much larger range, better attack speed scaling and actual steroids.  




 Step 1: Get stomped 0/4 in Lane

Step 2: Hit level 6

Step 3: Roam bot

Step 4:????

Step 5: Finish the game 20/5 ( the last death was a BM victory fountain dive 




 Well I got dumpstered last week by a full AD Leona, so it can work. IMO the problem with it would be that you would be a fairly weak laner, with a long ramp-up time. Once you get a couple items, you should be quite scary though. You have enough crowd control to sit on a carry and kill them, while still being hard to kill with your natural tankyness. 




 He was disabled for the weekend due to a bug. Sion is basically a 'secondary Maokai', and so filled in his role of being a unkillable CC tank. 




 MF is much like Varus though. A lane bully (you can lane swap to avoid her) with inconsistent mobility and too little damage to make up for it. The only ADC's without a dash that see play are Kog'Maw (insane dps, usually have comps built around him), Sivir (Ult can be used as a escape, has spell shield to avoid being caught), and Jinx (very high damage, has some self-peel, passive gives her needed mobility as well) 




 I haven't lost a game with adc ahri (in normals of course).

It's actually somewhat decent. You have an absurd powerspike when you get a sheen. (Hitting a charm post-6 is basically a guaranteed kill, especially if your support has any secondary CC. You snowball exceptionally hard, just make sure you don't make it to late game as even ashe will outdamage ahri after 4 items. 




 And then building full damage and literally one-shotting squishies 




 They'll pick it up, I guarantee it. If cloud 9 doesn't finish top 3 in this split, I will quit league of legends and only play train simulator 2015 for the rest of the year. 




 It feels like their team fighting is off sync. Getting split up, not focusing down the right people, etc. 




 What could sneaky even do against a Zed, Kassadin and Vi as a Kog'maw? He goes within 2 miles of a teamfight and gets blown up. 




 He did great with Orianna during IEMs 




 To be fair, when you have a Janna, Lulu and Nunu for peel, and a gnar to use J4 ults against him, it's pretty hard to actually get near Kog 




 On the other hand. They based their entire team comp around this substitute. If he played badly they were screwed. 




 I didn't see Lemon hit a single hook in those teamfights 




 Jax vs Nasus is pretty much always in Nasuses favor. Jax relies on outscaling every one of his lane opponents in order to be successful, and Nasus is pretty much the one champ he doesn't outscale. He's very attack speed reliant, so wither wrecks him. His counterstrike doesn't stop the damage from Nasus's Q as well. Nasus also stacks resists, and since Jax doesn't build pen he'll struggle damaging him late game. Jax can still win a 1v1 duel during parts of the mid game, around the 1-2 item mark, but any earlier and any later he will get beaten. 




 Then they have the right to refuse entry to the country. 




 TIL XWX is European 




 It reminds me of Blood moon Akali, which is my favorite splash in the game. 




 Damn that nidalee splash is beautiful, reminds me of Blood Moon Akali a lot. 




 I don't know about you guys, but I personally like it. 




 Max Q first for stronger ganks and faster clears. Max W second as it makes you SO much tankier for mid-game teamfights. Max E last as it doesn't really give you much bonus per level, it's more of a one point wonder. 




 Well who else was there even open in jungle? Everyone was basically banned out. 




 Renekton is THE pick into jax. He just didn't play the lane very well. 




 You know your in trouble when your Renekton loses lane to a Jax. 




 Vi and Fiddle are both top-tier solo queue picks. Warwick was unbelievably broken when they first released the new jungle itemization (~62% win rate and 90% ban rate), but then the nerfbat hit both him and the items, and now he's weaker as a champion then in season 4, but he's arguably more effective due to being one if the few junglers that doesn't get his ass kicked by the new jungle. Since there's also less early pressure he can powerfarm to  6 without the game snowballing out of control before then as well.

After the adc item changes late season 4, you should never be rushing bloodthirster anymore. On Sivir (and the majority of ADC's) the standard build path is now Infinity EdgeStattik Shiv/Phantom dancerLast whisperBloodthirster into whatever for the last item. Only real exceptions to this are Ezreal/Corki/Kog who rush Triforce, Twitch/Vayne who rush BOTRK, and Kalista (a new adc) who can either rush BOTRK, or a different build based around rushing Runaans Hurricane. 




 In jungle, Jarvan, Rek'Sai, and Lee are god tier right now. The new jungle hurts like a bitch, and those three are ones that can reliably clear it and still have some form of early pressure. In adc, Graves, Sivir, Corki, Ezreal are the contested picks.  




 What I did to learn is I spammed a bunch of games on kog'maw. You have no mobility, are squishy as fuck, and have only a slow for CC. Literally the only things keeping you alive in solo queue will be your positioning and your kiting. After  learning him, your mechanics will be much stronger. 




 Also, I would advise you to just try out other champions instead of 'maining' someone to 30. You'll learn more that way, by knowing the strengths and weaknesses of different champions. You'll eend up playing several hundred games pre-30, and odds are you'll end up bored of her after a while anyhow. I thought I would do the same as you with shyvana/akali when I started, but now I haven't even played either of them in months.  




 They essentially nerfed the double Q proc with the E changes. You can't Q...R-auto-Q-E anymore for that instaburst. You have to wait that extra second for the second auto. 




 The problem with irelia jungle is that jax jungle has the exact same play style, and outclasses her in every way, He has better sustain due to his E, faster clears cause his passive and ult, and more consistent ganks. Nothing is stopping you from playing her there, especially in normals, it's just subpar. 




 He is definitely viable, his problem is just how one-dimensional he is. There isn't much difference between a decent garen and a good garen, or a good garen and a great garen, so you won't get as much benefit from maining him. 




 I'm pretty sure c9 took a game off of samsung blue, which was considered a top team. NJWS was still a fairly strong team, and they beat them as well. I totally agree with you that they should not have been ranked so high, but you have to give them some credit. 




 Assassin lane eve is sleeper OP 




 How did irelia tp to baron if they had no vision of it? 




 In short, sheen gives her higher burst compared to phage. Once you have your ult, it gives you a stronger all-in as well. However, buying a sheen gives you weaker sustained damage pre-6, so onlydo short trades (E-Auto), against many lanes. 




 Top lane is honestly 'everything goes' right now. Gnar, Maokai, Lissandra, Irelia, are some of the common ones.

Mid has a lot of Azir, Leblanc, Zed, etc. 

Adc is basically Corki, Graves, Sivir and Ezreal.

Jungle is Jarvan, Lee, Rek'sai

Support is Janna, thresh, annie is on the verge of being FOTM. 




 I'm not a trick2g fan, but from my times I have watched his stream he does actually teach a lot, and is one of the most informative streamers IMO. It's just that you never see that on his highlight videos. 




