









 Poor guy. I hope he can kick it again. His playing career may be just about over, though.  




 They won't be missed. In fact, I don't miss mining.  




 I've used Havelock in the past, back in the Neo   Bee days. They seem honest and pretty good about communicating. That said, I wouldn't risk a huge amount there or on any of their offerings--only what you can afford to lose.  




 You tell 'em, Jeff! 




 That's going to be a truly awful team this year, no matter what the players call themselves.  









 He played in the NL for Arizona, don't forget. He hit .226 the year before he went to Detroit.  




 That's a great shot. 




 How much would you have to give in order for Sovereign Prince Hans to find it worth redeeming? 









 For some of us, it does. But when 99.99% of everything we need is denominated in fiat, we still care whether Bitcoin is worth $1 or $1000.  




 Somebody must have made a political donation.  




 Traders have to measure its weight in something, otherwise it has no value. They could use gold or some other fiat. Maybe someday, these all will be priced in crypto.  




 Get a new owner.  




 Ha ha. You might be right, but HRC already has a national constituency and she's trouncing these guys in the early polls. She WILL suck up the money if she runs, so it will be interesting to see if she's as moderate as her husband was or if she runs to the left. Primary voters are definitely more extreme in both parties, but I'd argue that this situation is more severe in the GOP.  




 He's a lefty. If he can throw strikes and keep people guessing on the location, he doesn't need much velocity.  




 The right GOP candidate in the general election is not the same GOP candidate who can win GOP primaries. One must be moderate, the other extreme (and borderline insane). 

If Jeb Bush can suck up enough of the money early on, he could just say 'screw it' and run towards the middle right away. See what happens. I don't see them beating HRC with that far-right platform.  




 Hold. The client and wallets should be done in the next few weeks. 









 He's a lefty, so if he can throw strikes, he'll probably have a job. 




 You need to be 'interesting' to fit in with that front office in Colorado.  




 I wonder if we'll ever see that joint position again.  




 My bet would be Colorado. They really seemed to like him.  




 I guess it's time for a decentralized exchange.  









 Funny how you have the Cubs leading the Cards.  




 Searching...while playing a few rounds of golf.  




 The mom must be one angry bird.  




 Hasn't even started yet. This is just noise, people paying taxes, etc. The 1.0 client and light wallet are close.  




 Torii Hunter will be jumping up the CF wall from his walker this year.  









 So Bitcoin's volatility problems can be solved by hedging with BitUSD. Wallet on the way. Very cool! 




 It does look pretty nasty. Being publicly traded, it is subject to some SEC regulation, and so they won't necessarily get away with the Wild West antics we've seen in the cryptosphere. But that also means they need to be more careful. There are ways to pump that are legal, but plenty of penny stocks have had government problems for playing fast and loose.  




 Yes, BitUSD can handle volumes. It's designed just for this. The 1.0 client is coming out very soon, so you'll probably be hearing a  lot more soon about how it can help someone with Bitcoin to avoid any volatility issues.  




 The volatility issue is overblown. With BitPay or Coinbase, etc., one can cash out every day into fiat. Better yet, as you've indicated, there are other cryptos and services that allow someone to hedge the price without going back into actual fiat. 









 Good post and I agree with you, except that it's rather disappointing. If I read something called "Why you should support the Olympics baseball bid", then I want a link to a petition or I want you to tell me HOW I can help this cause. I agree with you I'd like it to happen. But in your last paragraph, the best you can suggest seems to be "Let's all hope"... Great. I'm hoping. There isn't anything more we can do? Write somebody a letter? Tweet it? Etc. I want a clear call to action if you're asking for support. Tell me who to contact.  




 I thought Rube wasn't going to run if Jeb runs. Isn't Jeb his mentor? And Jeb clearly seems to be running.  




 Dude's not quite right in the head. But he sure is entertaining. And I wish him the best.  




 Yeah, MoveOn and YouGov polls. Very scientific stuff.  




