 Chris is a great guy and everything but Holy Fuck No am I paying $70 for jeans that look like you need tweezers to get anything out of the pockets. 




 White under shirt 




 This or the gel bleach so you can put it right on the stain. 




 Took the words right out of my head. 




 Unfortunately he's unable to do one anytime soon due to him still being in the air.  














 Damn it Ed Sheeran stop asking for money to build your LEGO house. 




 Hahahaha I know that reporter. He's on the local Fox station KTVI.  




 So..you'd recreate Ferguson? 




 "I remember when Eggman was going by Dr. Robotnic but then he went and changed his fuckin name without consulting me first." 




 Keep the phrase and redo the heads and you should be good. 




 OOH CAKE!

Oh and Happy Birthday Jack 




 Looks like she was pickpocketing the black dude. 




 Thank You 




 I have 3 white coats and by being a fat guy they make me look like the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man from Ghostbusters. 




 I Have A Dream That One Day People Will Not Be Judged By The Color Of Their Chef Coat But By If They're A Complete Fuck Nut Or Not!!! 




 FUCK! I'll get bail. 




 Uh....she legal??? 




 Used to have this game and it was awful. Compared to the original 2 it was one of those why was it even made games. 









 Had three I used to frequent and one became a bank, one got torn down and became an AT T store, and the last one became a car audio place called Audio Express. 




 Ooh damn. Yeah tetanus shots hurt like a mofo and just remembered I'm about due for another one. 




 Just got the All Clear. 




 Yep was trying to cross. 




 Police Scanner and was just on 2. 




 Hate to say it but them closing without giving the employees notice is common practice in the restaurant biz. With that said I used to eat at the Mid Rivers one all the time but in the past few years you could tell it was even open with all the trees around. 




 That Rupert with Paul on the cover? 




 Happened about 30 minutes ago. A woman was struck   killed, and the car that hit her ended up on the other side of the highway with someone running from the vehicle. As of right now it's an active crime scene with county crime tech in route. 




 Think of it as your run of the mill pub food i.e. wings, burgers, other fried food. It's basically Hooters with different uniforms. 




 If at all possible wear long sleeves. Don't have any ink (yet) myself but have seen some nice piece messed up from burns and whatnot. 




 Dude fit every aspect of mega douche. 




 Makes me want to go there and try it. 




 By far the best part of a Buffalo wing. Here have an upvote. 




 Well on the bright side the floor is cleaner than its ever been. 




 That's what we always used. Was much much easier. 




 Nope not the only one. Just a waste of time in there. I rather shower and get out. 




 Is it in a school zone?

Reason I ask is because we have them here and they're used to power the flashing lights at a school crossing. 




 Wouldn't it be some shit to do this one to find out the original is worth millions? 




 From how I understood the title her family got it off of eBay. So more than likely no refunds or exchanges. 




 Used to have one exactly like this when I was 7. 




 Got mine a month ago but a new cell phone with an 8MP rear camera and can take 1080P vid. Only reason for this phone is the old one bricked.

Oh and smoked beef jerky. 




 Pull a gun on a cop get shot. Do I need to pull out the crayons and construction paper? 




 She wants the E...'s pizza 




 GET OUT OF MY HEAD!!!! 




 And I thought my handwriting was bad. 




 Exactly all of this. 




 Just installed it for PS3 and the unable to invite thing got fixed. No snow though 




 The expression on the guy's face says it all. 




 You da real MVP! Her name is kamilah a from MET Art. 




 The Chicago Fire. Run in a piss on the flames. 




 We have one just like it here in St. Louis called Backstoppers that helps the families of police and firefighters killed or hurt in the line of duty. 




 Just heard a call on the scanner yesterday that said respond to the leasing office they have some packages missing. 




 Name? 




 Having exact problem 




 Just played this morning no problem. Go to play now and can't invite 




 Wow just WOW! Now that Scott Trade logo is easily removable right if another change happens? 




 Walgreen's is open Christmas if you need ice of your head or your nuts. 



















 I'd say more $450-$500. From the small pics the top and TV look good but the bottom looks beat to hell. 




 $1.25 + Free Shipping 




 That's like Walgreen's now has stickers on some products stating that it is only to be sold at Walgreen's. 




 Only hard drugs I ever did was Opium, popped adderall, and snorted xanex. Only one that really fucked with me was the opium but I was still with it enough to know wtf I was doing. Besides that it was weed and alcohol but don't really call that hard drugs. 




 Need one of these where I'm at. It's...it's...beautiful 




 You seem to have the passion and the drive to learn this trade. Being the bosses kid I can see where people might think you have a chip on your shoulder but I say screw em. Do this for you and you alone. For the pain working out and aleve helped a hell of a lot. Good luck with this. 




 Food looks good and I wouldn't mind trying some of those myself. Good Job 




 Thanks for saying this, it was the only one I had a problem with. Food looked good but the plating just looked like they used a dirty plate. 




 Besides knives sharpies just might be the 2nd most important as well as stolen tool in the kitchen. Mainly used for labeling things. 




 It means for the time being they're fucked to put it simply. 




 I'd be happy with a case of beer, box of sharpies, and socks. 




 No, not one ounce of creepy in that elf. 




 From reading that it sounds like the kitchen is in the weeds. On the other hand constantly nagging them to hurry up doesn't help the cause either. 




 Burns anytime over cuts. 




 *curls up into the fetal position and pretends he didn't read that* 




 Yeah I'm going to need to do this challenge. 




 Damn you caught me. 




 Randy Orton, The Urge, and LUDO. 




 Can we talk about placing a new soccer stadium on top of it now? 




 *drops mic and walks away* 




 I'll take your fuck that duck fat suggestion and raise you bacon fat. 




 After the instruments start I can't even understand wtf she is saying. 




 Used to always take a rubber ball like a super ball and start putting rubber bands on that. 




 Wait there's a rose there? 




 Learn basic knife skills as well as how to hold the knife properly

Take notes lots and lots of notes

Big box of sharpies at home is a must 

Respect such as YES CHEF NO CHEF

Don't be afraid to ask questions but not when someone is in deep shit 




 Aka someone too young to play the mother. Daughter or sister yes but Mother nope. 




 Blonde looks to be Chloe Foster but the other girl doesn't look familiar from that angle. 




 There's one in Overland/St. John area where a guy has a train track set up in his front yard and a hot chocolate stand in his driveway.

Then in Florissant off of Mullanphy behind the schnuck's there's a house that puts Clark Griswold to shame. 




 You might want to see a Doctor your ball is turning purple. 




 Kitchen Confidential by Anthony Bourdain Read it back in 03 and that's when I decided that this was the career I want. 




 Well to put it simple she's a bitch for one thing. Fucked the friend over by firing her trying to claim misconduct on set on friend's husband. Then ended up releasing the friend's last set for free so she wouldn't get any revenue from it. Also she'd bring her son to the studio and let him run all over during photo shoots. 




 I used to talk to her everyday and still friends with a girl that used to model for Nikki and from that I wouldn't touch Nikki with a 10ft stick. 




 That would be it. 




 The football faux rape scene. 




 Exactly. I've yet to see any ups worker in a bad mood 




 Their Market Fresh Sandwiches are good but I miss their Bronco Berry Sauce. 




 I had a white GBA but traded it in for a silver SP preorder. Had that exact GBC though. Got it for my 12th birthday back in 99. 




 Too many comments to see if this has been posted before but it says new account back again so something tells me she has been going at this for awhile. 




 Happened to me twice back in the day. Bought a game, came home and opened it, and I could see straight through the disc because it was so scratched up. Other time had the wrong game in it. Thankfully was able to exchange both of them. 




 Same here. I mean reslly if a chick broke it off with you would you say nice shit about her? 




 I 2nd the picatta and veal saltimbocca. Most definently a must and not hard at all to make. 




 Elizabethtown: A story of a man who gets knocked down numerous times only to realize his life is just beginning. 




 Was shopping for a custom board today on Etsy and every page had about 3 etched glass ones. All I could think of is Hell To The Fuck No. 




 Have to have Humpty from Digital Underground in there if you have Oatmeal. 




 Preggolicious was by far one of a kind. 




 This happened back in 05 here in St. Louis. Back story is that the guy was being chased for killing his wife and her friend. You can see the body fly out so possible NSFL: http://youtu.be/7uyGSRYjfvo 




 SANTAAAAAAAA!!! I know him. 




