 Can anyone tell me if this is a fake? Can i get banned for using something like this?
http://csgo.gamebanana.com/tools/5684 




 You don't learn if you get destroyed every round. If both teams have one "smurf" as a coach, then I guess it would be fair cause they could give advice from both sides. 




 If your friend sucks - let it be. He may be Silver, but he will learn in time and rank up to the rank he deserves. 

I mean, that's my personal opinion. I'm not again'st teaching. Boosting is not the same thing as teaching.  




 I was thinking maybe adding doors to squeeky-room from outside would make it better? You could basically fake-outside and sit like ducks, and then push to A.

I don't know, just an idea. 




 "I'm smurfing to avoid cheaters and play with my low ranked friends."

Reality is, 90% of smurfs I meet usually start shit-talking after a few rounds of destroying.
It always ends up that the low ranked friends stand clueless while their smurf friends "unintentionally" boost them, making the ranking system useless.
When I go with my main, and my friend is Silver we get enemies in-between Nova 2-4, which is perfect for both my friend and me.
But buying another account just to destroy low ranked people is just a stupid pretext.

"If you play again'st smurfs you get a chance to improve!"

Smurfs are bad for new players, just like cheaters are bad to smurfs.
Please think about it.
Also, as stupid as it is, cheaters are everywhere. You simply CANNOT avoid cheaters unless Volvo adds shadow-banning or something along those lines. 









 What are you trying to scam here!? Too low!

P.S: Kappa 




 FUNC_VEHICLE IS A RIGHT NOT A PRIVILEGE 




 we need server pl0xerino 




 And i just got banned cause of time-out. Probably related. 




 The glitch when the match ends but it shows as if you disconnected from it, if you press reconnect you go to an empty scoreboard with bots and you can't leave cause you will get a ban. 




 cyka blyat 




 Someone has to edit this with mortal kombat music 




 Imho I doubt about Hotel Gellert. It looks too good to be consistent with other maps, also considering the amount of custom content it uses (Everything, actually).

No hate, just saying it's kind of an artwork rather than a competitive beast map.

 




 Masks are nowhere associated with that. 
It's a problem with the Source engine in general.
Ever saw someones gun barrel sticking through the door in CS:GO? Yes, It's that. I doubt it can be fixed without any major engine changes. 




 Go to prop properties and choose collision box as none. Then, you must add clipping brushes in a shape of the helicopter. Clip brushes are basically invisible solid walls that do not act as nodraw. 




 Forgot to mention these ;)
ak-47 fire serpent
awp corticera
glock water elemental 




 It's because they are not creative at all. You know, having a sip is good, but having too much is just absolutely disgusting.
Asiimov is unique in it's own way, because it's one of the first "flashy" skins released. I don't have any problem with fire serpent, corticera or any of that kind either - They are simplistic but they have a unique art of their own. It just looks like cyrex..

I don't see what's unique about all of those. I can't see what sets them apart besides different color and the way stripes are placed. Look, even guardian has a CT logo on it. 




 I still have 4 days to go, posted about it a while back. Did not receive many attention though. Hope Volvo unbans and fixes pl0x 




 more tron skins pls 




 Great. Aliens develop a cure for us. 




 Hey! It's simple. The timezone table above shows when it's gonna be up, you connect to the IP and play the game, that's all! Preferably, you can choose to join Teamspeak as well.
And no, there's no skill minimum, people join to have fun.

GL! 




 Just so that someone in the world on the internet could ask "cool... but why?" 




 "Oh, so this is what 128 tick feels like!" 




 Well, that escalated quickly. What was the chat after? Did they say anything? :P 




 It's a glitch in Source engine when you Alt-Tab.
 




 Stop SoloQ'ing. That helped me. 

A lot of people will reply usual stuff like "learn nades, practice aim ETC", and it's true on some part, but you're stuck on a thing called ELO hell.
I was stuck on it a while ago, i had to win 15 matches in a row to rank straight back up. 




 Have you referred to the related thread?
Definitely not. 




 Exactly what happened. Yours is not as bad as mine, unfortunately, as I got 7 day ban. :/
 




 Agreed, 7 day ban was imminent as I left few matches back due to a cheater. 

I did not really know I had to wait so much, so It feels bad rather. It's really silly.
It should not have happened in the first place. 




 When the match ended, I noticed something was wrong. My rank did not appear, even though I was supposed to rank up. I got automatically dropped to main menu as usual. However, I noticed a button reconnect (Even though i didn't disconnect manually as the match ended) and i pressed it. There were only bots and a scoreboard, as I exited i got a 7 day ban.
It never happened before.

It's absolutely outrageously unfair, I just won a match and then i got a 7 day ban?
TL:DR; The match ended and it shown as if I abandoned the match, got a 7 day cooldown.

EDIT: Yes, I filled steam support ticket, but they usually reply something silly like: "Have you tried verifying your game cache?" "We're sorry but cooldown bans are not lifted."
It all happened due to a glitch, and I won't be able to play just because of something so silly. Next week I will be busy, and I really wan't to enjoy CS:GO by that time.
This is a question if anyone has the same problem and a bug report. Reddit can give a lot of attention to the developers, so hopefully I'll find my way out. Thanks.

DOUBLE EDIT: 
"Steam Support cannot modify or reverse a matchmaking cooldown or ban, regardless of the circumstances under which it was issued."

So I'm screwed. Thanks, Valve. 

TRIPLE EDIT (WOMBO COMBO):
It appears like I'm not the only one on Steam discussions, let's have our fingers crossed Valve will remove the bans issued. (A lot of lately discussions on the same subject, same problem) 




 The map is great, most definitely. (The layout, after all, it did win the CEVO contest)
The only problem I find personally, is the theme.
No hate, great map, just a little bit lack of creativity on design side. 




 Or just a leftover from Source engine? 




 Outside lighting could be changed, I'd suggest go with night time setting. 
Add lamps on the building, it makes no sense having lights appear out of nowhere :P (Use model light_inset or somethin' like that, scale down brightness and add an env_sprite)
Also, add more prop models.. Trash bins ETC.
The map looks blocky ATM, add more detail and depth to your brushes (geometry), such as engravings and stuff.
There's a lot more to say, but there's still room for general improvement so good luck.
Also, add more colors to the lighting and change the ambient color in light_environment. 




 They should bring back the mode in general. 




 has juan deag gone too far? 




 It has to be at least longer than five dududududu's 




 You shall never rush gods gift... How dare you. 




 Kickception 




 There was a riot shield in 1.6 too, babies ;) 




 Make it cost more than Negev, then we're talking. 




 RIP OP 




 There are a few possible answers.
First one, is that it might be the update problem.
Second, your FPS might be capped. Use fps_max 0 to uncap. (Capping makes it worse for me)
Last answer, and hopefully the correct one is your ventilator. The cooling system.
When I used to play on my laptop and turned off noise from ventilator it started having periodical chockes on framerate. Really, clean it, change it, try it.
One more - Try right clicking CSGO and launching using Nvidia GPU.
 




 They are very close minded, but if you speak a little Russian and answer to what they ask you, trust me, they are good at stuff they do.
Not most of the time, unfortunately.  




 I don't see a problem making a map with a familiar layout as long as it's not 1-1 copy.
 




 Will do.
 




 Why? I wanna see it! 




 Thanks Valve, just met at least one cheater 5 matches in a row. 




 Add tagging instead of aimpunch? 




 Func_vehicle is a right, not a privilege! 




 Spent milking Dota2 Kappa 




 Find out in the next episode of Dragon Ball GO! 




 Can't tell if OP trolling or just... 




 I'm salivating just by looking at the screenshot 




 Where's Gaben?
I didn't find Waldo, though. :( 




 If you hate the smoke, you might as well as turn down the graphics settings? Cause that's what causes it.

(Particles don't have shadow support in Source engine. Or so i think.) 




 Decoy bomb would be a better idea. - "Guys! Bomb is dropped on B! Come quick!" - Bomb has been planted - "Cyka blyat" 




 It does, unfortunately for bump maps to look good you have to have a cubemap in each corresponding area, thus having a HUGE performance drop. This technique should be only used sparingly, such as for tiles. (Ever thought why tunnels is the only place having reflectivity in Dust2?)

There's some hope, though, if you add $detail to a wall texture coming close up to it it will look a lot more detailed, so for let's say wood we'd do $detail wood. Anyways, if you use Pakrat and look up the textures you can modify them, so I'm gonna do that and possibly make a "texture" mod for Tuscan.

Lastly, If you open console and write "fogui" you'll get a menu to edit fog, try without it. Looks a lot better.
Damn it Brute, If you are a mapper you should also consider learning to make textures! 




 It does, it's just dead. L2su (Learn 2 set up) 




 gr8 map m8 i r8 8/8 i hop u dunt h8 




 It's remade already. I hope people will start using workshop one day. :P 




 My dear friend... I hope you realize that the map looked waaay better before? The only reason it wasn't really "widely" accepted is because you put a lot of unnecessary stuff on spawns. Other than that, it's an amazing map. I applaud you for your effort! I'm just trying to express that i liked it way before this update, no offence. 




 Nostalgia, rather. 




 Backalley has been already remade, check out workshop. 




 Hook me up with modeller/texture artist for neon signs and I'll do it.
 




 I don't think anyone should be aiming for the operation. Everyone should be aiming for feedback, Leagues and players enjoying the map. Remember on CS 1.6 golden era where the best maps were Surf, FY ETC? Everyone made the maps to ENJOY them. 




 Gamebreaking* 




 The only problem with Torn is it's size. It's ENORMOUS. 




 It's because i had low anti-aliasing on screenshots. All of the little bumps you see are detail brushes, I'll re-upload screenshots later. 




 It's fine, just let me know what makes it look like a CSS map and what i could improve on. I'm open for opinions and improvements! 




