 Not personally but a couple friends have and said it is awesome and totally worth it. 




 Clean, dry, was my body and hair
I threw on my brand new NASA underwear
for all the bitches I might take home
I got the Johnson baby powder and Cool Water cologne
Now I'm fresh, dressed, like a million bucks
Threw on my aviators, with my all blue chucks... 




 Coffee Cat Friends 




 He's clearly trolling and knows his audience (American dudes). But I think he's confident that they're going to go head to head with Germany this generation. 




 LOL the original source would be the Facebook post everyone is citing. Just because it's on Motor Trend doesn't make it the 'Original' source. 









 A few years ago I flew from Nashville to LA and Val Kilmer was in the seat in front of me. In the back in coach. On a commercial flight. All he carried on was a backpack and a painting he bought or someone gave him that day. I think he was in town doing some Indie film with Nicole Kidman.

Anyway, here was this once big movie star, Batman, Jim Morrison, Doc Holladay, Ice Man from Top Gun, The Saint, Real Genius, Heat, Top Secret, etc. overweight and on a flight packed with normal people all staring at him sort of wondering why he's there. Kinda felt bad for him, but for the better part of a 3+ hour flight he was just the chillest guy ever like 'The Dude'. 

He would talk to anyone who wanted to chat him up, was patient and never condescending answering the same questions over and over, taking pictures with people. He did tell us that Doc in Tombstone is THE role people quote or bring up to him every day which didn't surprise anyone. He also said there are some big Real Genius and Top Secret fans (both classics). I'm really into cars and he told me he had a GTO and we talked about that for a bit.

I heard he was having some health problems last year and I know his career hasn't been the best of late. But this picture makes me smile.

Val Kilmer abides. 




 Spotify could easily go lossless at some point just like Netflix and YouTube are now adding/accepting 4k content. I don't think the general public is going to care either way. Is it simpler than pirating? does it work well? Do they have the music I want to hear? Lossless quality is a consideration but further down the list. 




 As HOV says: 'Numbers don't lie check the scoreboard' 




 There will be a tipping point for electric cars to be the predominant automobile. Maybe 15 years out? The charging infrastructure will get better, the range will get better, they will get cheaper, etc. The infrastructure I don't see being a huge problem because except for long trips, you just plug it in at home every day. You are your own gas station.  I hear of Chevy Volt owners rarely buying any gas.

I think self driving cars are going to take a lot of work, testing, and PR/convincing before the general public is confident in it. It's a neat option but people do like driving. And car enthusiasts really like driving. Will racetracks eventually be the only place to do it? That is maybe 40-50 years away? 




