 30 fps is acceptable in every game except for fighting and driving games. 




 No open world.... 




 No pools... 




 Not sure about that,I do know that you can transfer all ps3 content to a ps4 if you were to buy the game on ps3 then eventually get a ps4.  So worse comes to worse he could just activate everything on ps3 then transfer to ps4 then start playing. 




 I took public transport for a few years during college.  You just have to keep trying, eventually the motion sickness goes away. 




 Resogun plat.  Sports friends and strider I played a whole lot of, don't know if they count because I bought them on release. But they are great. 




 Play them on your phone.  If you really want then get a bluetooth controller. 




 I've played one character for 300 hours, might as well see the new season uniques.  If you don't wanna play season then don't.. 




 It held attention in Diablo 2 for many many many years. 




 Err misread a little thought I saw 2 weeks of wear.  Yah maybe exchange for a size down.  But yah they look like they will wind up looking like a ns type fit, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. 




 They look good at the block and calf the knees are a little baggy, you could try wearing them higherup on your waist.  They look a little low 




 No reason not to.  At the end of the season your season character becomes a regular character. 




 Account bound items 




 I mean the wheelset will be $100 minimum, then you need a single speed crank which is about $45 for a cheap one, then you need to put pedals on the crank which will be about 50+ unless you go with $30 bmx pedals.  In order to put the new crankset on you will have to get a new bottom bracket for about $30-40, not to mention a new chain.  
Then if you want to start off riding with brakes you will have to get specialized brakes with long arms, because you will be putting 700mm wheels on a bike that once had 27 inch wheels, so the brakes currently on the bike wont reach the wheels.
Im not trying to get you down, just telling you the things I came across during my conversion.  What I though was going to be a sub $200 conversion turned into an almost $400 conversion real quick. 




 im just trying to say, an old conversion is probably more expensive than he thinks. 




 Your best bet would probably be a cheap fixie, like a retrospec.  You're looking at around 250 in that bike plus parts, vs 250 for something cheap and brand new.  I just got myself over my head with a similar rebuild, although the frame has sentimental value to me, so I guess in the long run it was worth it.  Maybe look into pure fix, retrospec, or critical. 




 Thanks so much! At work desperately trying to recall what they said.Haha 




 So you can type with a controller.that would be great.right 




 When getting selvedge tapered you need to specify that they must taper the inseam.  You are probably out of luck, although your tailor did one of the best jobs at maintaining the selvedge line I've ever seen, it looks interesting. 




 I remember during the tavern talk they confirmed if you have unlocked adventure mode you can play through the new season starting in adventure, is that just softcore, or can you in hardcore as well? 









 Clarks are pretty comfortable, and look good with jeans. Great with chinos as well.  Something like these maybe.  I don't have any experience with hush puppies, so just my 2 cents.

http://www.shoes.com/Mobile/ProductDetail.aspx?originalReferrer=direct p=EC1390151 pg=5220384 campaign=Clarks CMP=KNC-adwordspla cpc=adwordspla gclid=CJ-BwJyhqcACFSdk7AodrCkAJA k_clickid=42bbb3f1-abb0-2d69-eb5f-00006d7b9a8a KPID=5220384-EC1390151-12.0M partnerid=adwordspla

 




 I'll be in on one if you do a second run lmk.  Love it. 




 Most avid pc gamers do have that hardware, true.but that won't keep a company afloat.  50-60 in a scene with nothing going on is not stable at all.  I agree with your last statement, but they released this video and now everyone thinks it's how games will look.  Ie darksouls and watchdogs. 




 Thanks! 




 Unstable fps, 720p to display empty rooms with minimal lighting.  On a computer that most people don't have. 




 That's because it probably is a movie. 




 "In action"not much action going on there.nothing for the consumer will look like that, and the internet will be angry. 




 First thing I noticed.  Can you change Keybinds at all?I couldn't find it 









 It's a normal practice.the games aren't developed on xbox ones... They are developed on computers.  If something is wrong with the demo I'd rather them be able to go in and fix it really quick rather than pack up and go home. 




 Size 12 normally, almost. 155lbs?  And I agree with charwinger21 you should get your true measurements and look for an unbranded sizing chart, unless you have a retail spot to try them on.ordering your first pair of raws can be tricky business. 




 My size and height exactly, tapered vs skinny is more of a personal preference.if you don't own many jeans and aren't used to jeans then I'd probably recommend the tapered.they should look great, and will be more comfortable for daily use.  Good luck.  Be warned they will feel really tight for a couple weeks while they stretch out a bit. 




 You take that back. 




 Also the blue jean bar by Fenway park,I believe they have railcar.Not sure what else 




 Forgot about ball and buck, is pretty new. I think they only carry tellason but check out out anyhow for sure. 




 Barneys of new York has apc raleigh n f, the wilderness workshop underneath the tannery has 3sixteen. The tannery in Harvard square carries baldwin amongst other brands, and it's next door to concepts which sometimes gets nice stock. Riccardi on newbury st is fun to browse if you have cash to burn, real high end type stuff.

Kaze shabu in Chinatown does a great hot pot.  Santarpios in east Boston does the best pizza in town, especially their anchovy (trust me).  If your looking for pasteries go to bovvas or modern, do yourself a favor and skip the hype lines at Mike's. 




 Sneaky peaky like 




 Half life 3 confirmed 




 @feltraiger is good for workwear menswear. 




 100% 




 Thanks anyhow, good luck 




 Usually on 12am to 5am est 




 Silver 2 looking to pug less.I'm not the best, but not bad.never played with a team and tried actual strats, but I have decent aim and good map sense.

If you ever need a fill in add me @ entangel 




 Gotta look for the rb etching in the bottom corner of the right? Lense 




 It's actually quite comfortable to ride, just need to sacrifice aesthetics and keep the saddle low. 




 Thanks, yah I know. But the frame has sentimental value to me, so figure I'll ride it until I save enough for a new daily rider. 




 Some cheap retrospec wheels and crank, but I wanted to get back to riding before the summer is over. 









 Gg deal on injustice for ps4. 8.44. 




 
What brake setup is that? Working on an old austro daimler and can't make up my mind on a lever. 




 Infamous looks the best, but wolfenstein is probably your best bet for a great game. 




 Pardon my ignorance, but what's the difference between surround speakers and regular bookshelf speakers?  I was looking at this setup. http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B009ZTGZOC?cache=bdf832dc73551381a6cc7b381b79eb7a#ref=s9_simh_gw_d0_g23_i2 pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER pf_rd_s=mobile-1 pf_rd_r=1NAKFZFDP8HYMSZJT9BC pf_rd_t=101 pf_rd_p=1634797062 pf_rd_i=507846

And was wondering if I eventually get towers if I could just use the surround speakers as rears.
Edit: also I'm mostly gaming how are the fluances for generated audio rather than acoustic/reproduction. 




 The 5 HDMI inputs are not a deal breaker, but they are looking very good.  Bluetooth I can take or leave, it would be nice but my chromecast works just as well.

I've been told that Yamaha receivers have the least amount of technical problems, as well as the least amount of features.  Opposed to Denon with the most technical problems, but the most extra features.  Apparently Pioneer falls right in the middle.  (who knows how accurate my source was on that one though)
Thanks for the input, I'm waiting for the towers to go on sale so I guess I will still keep shopping around on the best receiver to fit my needs. 




 Thinking about getting the new denon avr.s500bt with the Andrew Jones towers.  I need something under $500 that will sound good enough and will be worth expending into a 5.1 setup when I get more money.  I like the Denon, because it has 5xHdmi inputs and Bluetooth.  But I'm a little worried getting the lowest end model from any brand, are there any other receivers I should look into before pulling the trigger? And or any other comparable towers? 
Thanks in advance.

Edit: I'm not an audiophile by any means,I just don't have great hearing and my tv speakers are starting to sound a bit tinny at higher volumes. 




 Diablo series always worked for me.enough of the mmo hooks with not nearly the grind or attention needed, or even give path of exile a shot. 









 Comme des fuck on op... 




 Thanks, Yah I was completely unaware.  First time buyer, thought these things were pretty much set in stone. 




 Thank you, really the money wasn't the issue.  I was hoping asking for a ridiculous amount of money would push the seller to just leave on the 24th.  I don't care if the seller is homeless for 2 days, it's better than me being homeless for 2 days.  If I have no grounds to ask for money and the seller just says no then I just look like an asshole and nothing changes.  I suppose putting together an itemized list would be more professional, and probably work out better in the end.
Thanks again for your time and advice. 




 Two days is a big deal when now I need to rent a moving truck for 3 days instead of 1 just to store my stuff, I also need a place to store the moving truck because I wont have a driveway.  I also need to get hotel rooms for me and my mother.  Plus I need to pay a fee for canceling on my kitchen contractor with less than a weeks notice.  Also I have to take a docked day off of work as well because I'm giving less than 2 weeks notice.

Normally the agent has been very clear with me about everything, and explained document.  If he had any questions or needed to make any changes he gave me advanced notice as to what was happening next.  He sent me this last email with a subject stating "sign and return asap" and no body text.  Since emailing him back and saying "no" I have yet to hear from him. 




 I am buying a condo,  the terms of closing date were set about 3 months ago when we agreed upon a price.  Closing is supposed to be on Tuesday the 24th.  On Friday the 20th I received an email from the sellers agent with no explanation, just a docusign document trying to change the close date from the 24th to the 26th.  I'm guessing he was hoping I would sign without reading.  I sent him an email back saying I wouldn't sign, and when I talked to the bank lawyer about signing my closing documents I was told that the seller wasn't prepared to leave and needed to push the date back a few days.

I can understand that things happen, and if I was nicely asked rather than trying to trick me (the way I see it) I probably wouldn't be so miffed.  Do I have any ground to stand on in making demands?  If I were to say "I want the price to drop 1k for every day after the 24th" is that reasonable?

Sorry if this seems a little bit like a rant, but my childhood house is sold, my mother is moving across the country, and I'm stressed out enough as it is.  This was the last sort of stress I needed less than a week moving into my new place. 




 For 360-400 you can get a video card for a gaming pc.If that is your budget then get a ps4.If you have 1000+ to burn then get a gaming pc. 




 Devin the Dude, Cage (at one point, I havnt seen him since Hells Winter),  The Clipse was real fun. 




 I expected them to start testing payment models, but 2.99-4.99 for 4 hours. That's crazy.  I might, pay that price for a week.  It would price up with renting a video game from a video rental store.  Hopefully if no-one pays they will realize, it is beta after all. 




 [minimal sketch-book](http://imgur.com/QGRHTGg) bored work. 




 [print, laminate, cut and bind.. every day](http://imgur.com/a/d35BE)
Also a random design I'm finishing up.  Seriously need to find a way out of the factory life.
 




 How does Dwayne suck so many dicks in one day? 




 Constitution is great, tucked out of the way and generally pretty quiet.  The playground and basketball courts are nice if you're the having family sort.  Granted I haven't been there in a few years, for all I know it could be all pavement by now. 




 Hippies... ancient Egyptians didn't have work boots.if I had to work construction and could only wear sandals I'd probably wear socks as well. 




 Look great, not often enough seeing interesting denim in Boston. 




 whatever console your friends are playing it on. 




