 And that's the beauty of a bike. Cars try to be dicks but their efforts typically fail.

Unless they hit you of course. 




 The NSFW tag is integral to the joke though. 




 Oddly that's really good. Thanks for sharing. 




 Actually it looks like it was made for his hometown newspaper

http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Buchenwald_Samuelson_62779.jpg

I doubt that the Army would have made a poster such as this. 




 My Wrangler has the same thing. It's pretty cool. 




 Yeah, I was thinking that too. Maybe pulling from instagram and facebook? 




 He does this for a bunch of cities. Really cool. Any idea where he gets his data from? 




 Lol.... Well, it's neither a naked woman nor is it a random wiki article. No chance at karma....lol 




 Ha, no way I would have guessed that the best way for a female to get karma was to post her naked pics. I mean that goes against all common sense.....

I'm going to do my best but you know this post stands no chance right? 




 I can't imagine the guilt that he must feel for laying these. But he's saved lives by removing them and I hope that gives him peace. 




 Belts aren't there to be comfortable. There's nothing comfortable about them which is why they get put on for the lift and taken off right after.

I much prefer a lever belt to a prong. If you've got wraps on as well as a belt the last thing you want to do is struggle with your belt while the wraps are cutting off your circulation. It's just a lot easier for me to use a lever belt in general.

I've never heard anyone shatter a lever and would love to talk to the person who had this happen. 




 I wouldn't leap to that conclusion. The math was really simple and doesn't necessarily mean that most librarian's are named Julia.

This is a quote from their blog:
"Take Elvis, for example. There arent all that many Elvises out there, but a particularly high percentage of them are musicians. As a result, Elvis ranks high among musician names. Elvis isnt the most common name among musicians  thats likely to be John or some other very popular name. Whats interesting is that its way more common among musicians than you might expect, given how rare it is. In other words, its common in that profession relative to its overall frequency.

Fortunately, the math behind this isnt too complicated. Heres another example, this time with some numbers. In our sample of two and a half million people, a whopping 1.9% of Arnolds are accountants. Contrast that with just 0.55% of Shanes. Arnolds therefore appear to have a much higher tendency to be accountants than Shanes."

Here's the link to their blog
http://www.verdantlabs.com/blog/ 




 A follow up from on the "Top disproportionately common names by profession" discussion.

Sorry for the American slant. 









