 I liked the comments, especially this one

This par for the course with this new generation we are in big trouble, they dont care about what the government is doing to this country. We have a lot to say being a former Marine , on my surprise about so much disrespect of the generation behind us. We as citizens and Veterans have to protect our memorials , we need to police them and make sure they are not destroyed or defaced for any reason. If we do catch or observe anybody Doing any thing to our memories we will deal with them ourselves.


I think every generation thinks the ones below it are the worst people to pop out of a vagina. 




 I agree with your suggestions don't agree that he can't be black.  I also don't think Elba would fit, but that's more because I think the role is for someone with a suave confident demeanor.  Elba to me or at least the characters I'm familiar with him playing are more a restrained aggressiveness ready to be unleashed, if that makes any sense. 




 I thought you were taxed based on where you played not who you played for.  So playing for the Dolphins their would be 8 home games that would be tax free and if you played away at Houston that would be tax free.  But if you played New England or Buffalo you'd pay those states taxes. 




 Yeah, I thought that sounded like a solid turnout.  I couldn't do that with the internet today! 




 The smell was so horrible.  I tried to get a gif of the maggots crawling all over it as we scooped it up and put it in the bag but my cohort was too quick for me. 




 Damn I guess people didn't like your comment 




 Oh you... 




 Then I guess I die?  Not sure, I swim with friends so hopefully they could save me.  Shit happens, can't prevent every single possible scenario that might kill me? 









 Because most of us can swim and a life jacket is very cumbersome.  If I'm tubing or wake boarding or jet skiing then yes a life jacket makes sense.  But if I'm chilling on a 24 footer it isn't as necessary. 




 Agreed 




 I believe

I believe our fans don't understand the rules 




