 Even curses follow the law nowadays. 




 wow, does he hotkey all his hatches seperate or what inject method does he use?  




 star conflict! It is kinda a thrid person shooter in space with space ships, always dreamed about a game like this when I was a kid. and now it's free to play on steam! 




 im a bit late to the party, but its because the working of the neurons in your eye, they are wired in suchs a way that you percieve more contrast than there actually is. its a bit of a long story, will edit later with a link when im not on my phone. very interesting topic of neuroscience! 




 Rain had that, totally screwed it up. He played so well for the first half.. but oh man what a game, nerdchills! 




 these hype video's really do get better and better. looking forward to another weekend full of ESPORTS! 




 This! Hitting a perfect drift while singing/shouting along with this chorus was one of the best things about this game. 




 I actually saw them live at sziget festival about 2 years ago. Oh man, that tent went wild when they played this song! 




 I live in Amsterdam and I always listen to this song while riding my bike on the way home in the night. The mixture of the relaxation of an sleeping, beautifull city and the atmosphere this song creates gives me the chills every single time. And when it finally kicks in, oh boy im racing on that bike. 




 Wow, thats really good! Thanks for sharing. 




 Crazy how GuMiho came back after beeing down to like 9 scv's to 25 drones at one point, almost a little sad he didnt pull it off! 




 As a dutchie I think i would really miss hagelslag. 




 the problem is that a quarter of the stalled bikes in the big cities in the Netherlands will never be picked up again..  




 I normally get 4 in early-midgame PvT, cutting that bio in half on ramps an chokepoints in awesome, later often only 2 because i wont use them anyway. (only pop GS before storming and so on) in PvP most of the time 2, mostly for GS as well in every fight. In PvZ i get about 4-8, dependig on my own and mostly the strat of my opponent. But the best thing about sentries is: scout every 1.5 - 2 mins for bases, tech changes, army comp and so on with hallu phoenix, in every matchup! 




 Yep this seems to do the trick for me too almost always. No need to restart the client! still very annoying though.. 




 Such confident play by Grubby! he just really outplayed MC, im pleasently surprised. 




 The landscape in the netherlands is indeed quite boring, but if you visit the south of Limburg (where i grew up) you'll be surprised by the hills and creeks etc. Still nothing like the grand canyon though. 




