 No matter what, I think most community fans would need the distance between 1,2,3,5,6 and 4.  




 I would say that episode was top tier for me but the season wasn't my favorite (still great though). My season ranking would go 253614 




 Yes, I just said they weren't released with the episode number in the title. The Force Awakens will still have Episode VII on the scroll from what I've heard 




 It takes place 70 years before Harry was born so maybe Dumbledore. We don't know many characters in that Era yet 




 Holy Shit, is this for real?! I cannot wait 




 Discussions when it comes out and news articles right away i have no problem with. Like i said, its all of the specific questions, b-roll footage, and very specific news articles that are coming out now and that get posted and reposted. There have been more posts about Mad Max that should be on that specific subreddit than any other movie to come out since ive been on reddit. Even more than Marvel movies. It's the reason subreddits for specific movies or franchises exist. 




 Basic Crisis Room was up towards the top of the list for me. It was the first episode of the season that it felt like a group again. Plus, Olives.Need more Olives 




 Every trailer should be either like the "next week on Mad Men" or "on the next Arrested Development". Either show a bunch of clips that gives you absolutely nothing of story or give you entirely different clips than are even in the movie.  




 Thought it was better than the last few seasons of the show. The ending was satisfying. Nothing unexpected but still good in my opinion.  




 Same here!  




 Totally agree, saw it as well 




 No problem, enjoy the movie! Ill be seeing it again on Friday 




 maybe... Probably... Maybe.  




 Haha for sure! Yea, check out the Chromecast. I absolutely love it for all streaming apps.  




 ...maybe...probably...maybe 




 Yea, I don't see who you are talking about. But I do see Custodian Lapari and Professor Cligoris 




 It was November so maybe. But I'm not sure 




 Wow, it's close between Modern Espionage, Basic RV Repair and Palmistry, and Emotional Consiquences of Broadcast Television. There were so many though 




 They are doing it to go back to how the originals were without the episode number in the title. It's still Episode VII and is referred to as such by lucasfilm and Disney, it's just not in the title 




 Wow that was an amazing episode!  If that is the series finale, I've finally made peace with it. If there is more,   I will be first in line to watch.  




 What type of phone do you have? If it's an android, go buy a Chromecast for $35 bucks. Then you can watch it on your TV easily 




 She actually is hilarious but she has been type cast and put in some terrible roles.  




 He was and I laughed my ass off 




 Both of those are very good choices, enjoy!  




 Ha, thanks for finding my post! /u/ledivin, if you've seen quite a bit of the series, you will be just fine. It starts with clearing up a few things that happened at the end of the series. Go see it, it's very entertaining 




 I'd say it goes 2143 




 Cool, here are my suggestions based on your taste. Sons of Anarchy (All seasons on Netflix), Community (Seasons 1-5 on Hulu, season 6 on Yahoo Screen for free),  Workaholics (All on Hulu), True Detective (HBO), Party Down (Hulu), Breaking Bad (Netflix). If you want some more, let me know 




 Give me your top 10 favorite shows whether it be comedy/drama/sci-fi. Then I'll try to give some suggestions 




 I also just watched that one for the first time ever and loved it. Maybe it's the kid that still exists in me 




 Alien/Aliens. They were awesome. Dated but awesome.  




 It was a few episodes back, the same guy at the same bar did the same thing 




 It was easily the best. It was brand new the last time I went and it was glorious. 




 /r/community begs to differ, we talk about it constantly. But yes, the show is still amazing and the media should be covering it more.  




 The movie should start abruptly towards the end of a brutal game of paintball. And then it finishes and the rest of the movie begins 




 Because people are morons. Also, why were you on Craigslist looking for tickets if they are no where near sold out?  




 Mad Max: Fury Road. For anyone that wants to post another question specifically about the movie, b-roll footage, random news articles about it, /r/MadMax and /r/FuryRoad exist.  




 If that's not a finale vibe for you, I don't know what could be. 




 Thirdeaned 




 Britta too! It was so funny. I loved it 




 Can't wait!  




 Yea! at the ice cream shop in Diagon Alley!  









 Haha, yea, I don't think anyone would care if the idea didn't come from her. And people do care a lot because she wrote the screenplay 




 Absolutely! I've had every kind they make. Cold, Frozen, Soft Serve, and my personal favorite, Hot! So good 




 This is actually the third Park. There is one that opened in 2014 in Japan. 

I'm really excited. I love the one I  FL but I travel to California every year and don't go to FL very often.  




 Yea, I actually liked the main cast. The show just didn't connect with me 




 I think they wrote it in because they thought Chevy might leave the show. He wanted to stay so they wrote him back in I believe 




 Can't wait to have some Butterbeer in Hollywood!  




 I watched the first 3 episodes. It felt like a sketch in a sketch comedy show that went on way too long. It was funny until it didn't end and move on to the sketch. That's just my opinion though. I could see why people like it. Just not for me 




 Hey, we agree on that!  




 It was one post, if you thought it was a bad one, you could have just downvoted. Clearly on that one post, my sarcasm wasnt that thick. But I think anyone who has seen a Star Wars movie knows which ones came out when. Hence my sarcasm.

You are right about my comment karma, didn't look at it and typed the wrong number.  




 Same topic, same original thread. You still said it. I do know how to edit my post, I just replied again to make sure you saw it. 

I understand where you are coming from. And to be very technically correct, you are right. But prequel is a modern term used for all movies these days and by that definition, Phantom Menace is a prequel not a sequel. I don't care that much, I only said it because I made one comment about a chronological 4th movie and you came at me about it not being a sequel. I know that. That is obvious. 

As for my original post, I'm not saying it is a good joke, clearly because people are downvoting me for it, but nevertheless was my intention and I think that was clear to most people that I didn't actually think it's a sequel. 




 I have 15000 comment karma because I contribute to threads rather than calling people out for a sarcastic comment 




 I wasn't wrong. A New Hope IS technically the 4th movie in the franchise. You are right that it is not  a sequel and I never contested that. And you did bring up a prequel. You said The Phantom Menace is the 3rd sequel when actually it's the first prequel. 

My initial post WAS a friendly joke. I even stated it as "Star Wars: A New Hope is technically the 4th movie..."  




 No shit, I'm not saying episode 4 is a sequel. I replied to this thread saying A New Hope because it is technically the 4th in a franchise. He also didn't ask for prequels. Like you are commenting about. My initial comment was a simple friendly post that was sort of a joke. You had to come at me and be a "technical" asshole 




 You came at me because I didn't use a reply that directly correlated to the topic because I was a smart ass and replied with a fourth movie not technically a third sequel. The  you defined a sequel and got all mad because I didn't post a actual sequel. Then you respond with a prequel. So by definition, your response is also not on topic.  




 Again, you just aren't getting it 




 If you are going straight up technical, you are wrong too. Episode I-III are prequels and OP said sequels.  




 No, you are not getting it.  




 Jesus, I understand what he meant. I even said it "technically is the 4th movie.  




 OP also said "4th movie" 




 He is too busy crushing it as Koogler on Community 




 Star Wars: A New Hope... That's technically the 4th movie

Edit: Just so /u/Daxtreme knows that I understand the movie listed is actually the first released and is not a third sequel and this post was sarcastic. Also, he didn't believe I knew how to edit a post. 




 Totally understand where you are coming from. Thanks for the reply 




 I'm excited! I really enjoyed the first season. Very intriguing 




 Why did you hate that? 




 "Star Wars Spinoff"... Major clickbait. But even so, sounds interesting 




 It's an original story based upon the character who wrote the textbook. And the screenplay is written by JK Rowling herself. It will be awesome! 




 Public Enemies is a great movie!  




 It was entertaining and the Cinematography was great. But it was one long action sequence with little story, little character development, and a lot of weirdness to the universe. The action sequences were cool but became repetitive and they are being praised as a return for practical effects when tons of movies have begun to do that in recent years but just haven't shined a light on it.  




 If Dan Harmon was doing it, I'd watch it for sure, but I don't know how much more you can dilute this show. Removing main characters has proved a major challenge but they have made it work. I just don't know how good it could be.  




 He has hits and misses. I feel like people either got sick of his type of comedy so they see it as repetitive, don't like his type of comedy from the start, or just don't understand his type of comedy (it's supposed to be goofy and stupid.) Today's comedy is a lot smarter and dumb comedy has lost its place.  




 Just so you know, JJ Abrams has spoken about that he has made a point to limit the nostalgic moments and references. He even filmed some and cut them out because he realised it was not pertainent to the story of the new movie 




 Totally agree, just watched Jurassic Park 3 after not having seen it since probably 2003. It wasn't perfect but I thought it was a solid sequel.  




 Well then, here it goes. I like Adam Sandler 




 I thought Mad Max: Fury Road was just ok. Not bad but also not the masterpiece most people on here thought it was.  




 Yea, and the production code is 303 because it was filmed out of order. That's the reason for the dialogue too 




 It's too late. This sub is one of the worst with spoilers. Especially with New episodes debuting at midnight or so (depending where you live). People like me who work during the day and can't watch until night get screwed from posts like this. 




 Those are some funny movies. I'm not saying Entourage is the king of comedy, it's not even close to my favorite show. But it's entertaining and actually does have some good writing especially in season 5. There was just no reason to troll on something you dislike when it's a thread for people who like it.  




 Sorry, it's not your thing bro. Have fun trolling bro. Don't know what the hell you are talking about with the advertising bro. I'm also not OP bro. I've already seen the movie bro. I'd be curious to hear what you consider good comedy bro? 




 Did you actually sit down and watch episodes and follow the storyline with an open mind.
Or did you half pay attention with your mind already set that they were douches? 

If you don't like it, that's fine. Comedy is subjective, but no need to troll on a thread about a show/movie you clearly hate with a passion.  




 You clearly never watched the show then. Yes, the show does include the party lifestyle of a good looking Hollywood actor and his buddies. But to generalize that as the entirety of the show is moronic. Especially not having seen it. You also need to keep it mind it's a comedy show with drama interwoven. Not just a drama show. 

Let me put it this way, I think The Big Bang Theory is the worst show on television, but I had the sense and respect enough to watch episodes of it here and there to gauge my opinion on the show. I go in with an open mind and come out still not liking it, but at least I give it an honest shot.  




 Yea, Old Republic would also be very cool. The numbering would reset because it would be a new series. But it would be like Star Wars Anthology and have another name. Terrible example here but something similar to "Star Wars Eternity: Episode I". Again, terrible title I know, but you get the idea 




 Did you ever watch the show or are you just making assumptions on the random footage you've seen or because other people hate on it? Yes, the characters are your typical loud new York guys and Hollywood stars but the show in the early years was actually very interesting and by season 5, it had some really great story. 

Plus, your username is "Coloradobro" and you call us tools bro? Not cool bro.  




 Reboot is not the best word. But what I meant is for basically a continuation but a brand new series. It wouldn't rewrite anything, it just would be completely new characters decades after the originals and sequels. I think it could be a great way to continue without messing with the other movies or trying to redo them 




 It was like 2 weeks into the season. I cast from the app both on my phone and tablet 




 They are at different Parks because that was the only two spaces available for such a large construction and Diagon Alley was constructed over a year after Hogsmeade had opened. Is it also genius business-wise? Yes. But if you do your homework before buying tickets (I know you didn't have a choice) then it's pretty clear. I bought the park to park pass last time I was there and it was incredible.  




 I think they will reboot the series but not in the usual fashion of rebooting. It will take place in the same universe as 1-9 but start the numbering over with a brand new story, all new characters, and maybe decades beyond the Skywalker family story.  




 There are a ton of cameos but the movie, as opposed to the trailers, handles them on a much smaller level. Most of them are quick some have larger parts in the movie. 

As for the storyline, it's like you described, which happens all the time in Hollywood but it's really interesting. Especially with Ari 




 Not sure if you watched it the show Heroes but Sky's storyline reminded me of the first season of that show which was great.  




 I saw it a couple weeks ago, if you liked the show (especially seasons in 1-5 like I did) then you will enjoy the movie. It's a lot of fun and holds up to the series. It's better than the last few seasons. It's not perfect but it's very entertaining and has a pretty good story. It's back to the best part of the show, the behind the scenes of making movies in Hollywood. People will be happy to know it's very Ari centric as well which is great 




 I've said it before in a similar thread but I'd like to see just another random episode. Not elevated at all. No finale vibe. Just another day with the Gang. The end of the episode would be Mac busting into Paddy's yelling "Guys Guys Guys! I've got news!" cut to black and it does the usually title card (12PM. On a Tuesday. It's Always Sunny...) all while Mac and the Gang are talking about the next plan. I like to imagine the Gang just continues their schemes after we leave them.  




 It might be your internet or device. I haven't had an issue with it since then 




 No problem!  




 [Join the SwiftKey Beta Google Group. And there are instructions from there.](https://groups.google.com/forum/m/#!forum/swiftkey-beta-android)  




 Not in any order.

1. Game of Thrones
2. True Detective
3. Community
4. Chuck
5. Entourage
6. Breaking Bad
7. Better Call Saul
8. Friday Night Lights
9. Parks and Recreation
10. The Office
11. Shameless
12. Ray Donovan
13. Masters of Sex
14. Californication
15. The Sopranos
16. The West Wing
17. Mad Men
18. Last Man on Earth
19. Man Seeking Woman
20. It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia
21. Brooklyn Nine Nine
22. 30 Rock
23. Party Down
24. Arrested Development
25. Freaks and Geeks
26. Undeclared
27. Silicon Valley
28. Broad City
29. Workaholics
30. Boardwalk Empire
31. Las Vegas
32. Nip/Tuck
33. Pawn Stars
34. Survivor
35. American Restoration
36. Counts Cutoms
37. Lost
38. Last Man Standing
39. Dexter
40. Family Guy
41. The Walking Dead
42. Homeland
43. Episodes
44. House of Lies
45. Weeds
46. Sonic Highways
47. The Newsroom
48. Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip
49. Sports Night
50. Curb Your Enthusiasm
51. Seinfeld
52. Eastbound and Down
53. Bored to Death
54. Hung
55. John from Cincinnati
56. Rome
57. Louie
58. Da Ali G Show
59. Tenacious D
60. Band of Brothers
61. Low Winter Sun
62. Heroes
63. Home Improvement
64. Ed
65. How i Met Your Mother
66. House of Cards
67. Bloodline
68. Daredevil
69. Agent Carter
70. Agents of Shield
71. Firefly
72. Orange is the New Black
73. Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
74. Outsourced
75. Believe
76. Alcatraz
77. Revolution
78. The Comedians
79. The Americans
80. Doctor Who
81. Sherlock
82. Fargo
83. The Goldbergs
84. Man vs Food
85. Man Finds Food
86.The Increasingly Poor Decisions of Todd Margaret
87. Married
88. Saturday Night Live
89. Sons of Anarchy
90. Tyrant

I know there are tons more but thats all i got for now 




 Ugh. Spoilers!  




 SwiftKey Beta 




 I saw it a couple weeks ago, if you liked the show (especially seasons in 1-5 like I did) then you will enjoy the movie. It's a lot of fun and holds up to the series. It's better than the last few seasons. It's not perfect but it's very entertaining and has a pretty good story. It's back to the best part of the show, the behind the scenes of making movies in Hollywood. People will be happy to know it's very Ari centric as well which is great 




 I've done both Hogsmeade and Diagon Alley in a day but you will need pretty much the whole day. You do need a park to park pass since they are on two Parks. They are connected by a trip on the Hogwarts Express 




 If you have an Android device, Chromecast is only $35 and it's awesome.  




 Haven't had a single issue since they added Chromecast support 




