
























 I think what you say is fair comment, but if you think back to the commentary of those races there was always a clear separation between the teams shod by one manufacturer. The problem that led to Michelin leaving was that they were getting bad PR for always being worse than the other supplier. 




 With cost controls come limitations - it really is that simple. 

Any team will argue in a meeting that x rule is fine so long a we outlaw x behavior because that will drive costs. I do also think that newer fans tend to believe historic grand prix had less rules and were therefore purer - that isn't necessarily the case. 




 As I said nine hours ago:

Based on what you had to say there is no point in disagreeing with you - there isn't anything anyone could say to you that would deter you from these uninformed talking points.

And so it has proved to be true.
 




 I did address your points in my first reply to your comment, the rest has just been you blustering along trying to pretend that you didn't lose the argument first time out. The links you've add here are not verifiable data - they prove nothing of what you originally stated.

To paraphrase a famous winner 'please proceed Mr DevilishRogue' 




 We tried it during the tyre war. Essentially one manufacturer's gets it right, the other doesn't, and any team using the latter's tyres suffers badly. Basically it ruins the racing and leads to nonsense like the [2005 US Grand Prix](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Formula_One_tyres#2005_United_States_Grand_Prix_controversy) 




 Basically, robbed of the DM and the DT you can't substantiate any of your claims with actual facts. 

There is a reason for that. 




 No. What I've provided to you is facts and examples backed up by verifiable data and foundational economic principles that are known and used for decision making worldwide.

What you have provided is fact free bluster, the usual kiptard whining because your opinion isn't demonstrable fact, the world doesn't work like you think it should, and your corporate welfare ridden bibles the DM and the DT can't be used to substantiate the price of fish. 




 Still fact free blustering I see.

Typical DM reader.  




 It doesn't matter - graduates will still earn more money through their lifetimes than those with a lower qualification. The average graduate salary is 31,041 compared to 17,899 for non-graduates even if they are working in non-graduate jobs.

The number of official graduate places in the workforce is not an argument against obtaining a degree level education. 




 Once you look at [the productivity numbers](http://static.squarespace.com/static/541ff5f5e4b02b7c37f31ed6/5429942de4b0455e57050a1b/542994cde4b0455e57053198/1412011213400/Measures-of-productivity-2-2003-12.png?format=original) its quite clear when productivity fell. 

Young people tend to be hit hardest by a recession and recruitment for that generation never returns, hence the 'lost generation' of the 90's and 2008. 

But we're also in the bottom three countries in the OECD rankings, our oldest workers have better and more marketable skills than our youngest, and the fault there is the fall in university places combined with the rise in the cost of education. Both of these factors are a drag on productivity. 





























 No worries! 




 She's been an Assembly Member for 16 years, and just announced she's standing down. So I suspect she might offer a highly informed perspective on the coming campaign. 




 Might be also be useful to see if Val Shawcross would be up for an AMA, we and the AM candidates might learn a thing or two. 




 The number of Graduate positions is immaterial to the benefits to the individual and the wider economy of obtaining a degree.

95% of all degree graduates get a job, the average graduate salary is 31,041 compared to 17,899 for non-graduates even if they are working in non-graduate jobs. 

Salaries for every kind of education below degree, including the vocational courses and apprenticeships are much lower [Source](http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/publications/re-reference-tables.html?edition=tcm%3A77-333261).

Even the much hated on 'Media Studies' has a 93% employment rate, second only to medicine - that's a better figure than Engineering or Architecture graduates.

Biased nonsense from the DM or DT isn't proof of anything, examine the actual data for yourself without the righty spin. Consider also that just because you had this experience in the employment market, not everyone else does.

 




 Thanks! I was only aware of three of them before I got this email, a surprisingly wide field 




 Still with the factless quoted blustering I see.

Your opinion on education policy is simply wrong. The current government's own figures show that to be the case as does the experience of every other developed country on the planet. Degree education is the path to growth and improvement in living standards.

The target of your ire, media studies, actually has the second best employment prospects in the country but you still can't admit you're wrong. 




 As I said there is no point in disagreeing with you - the reason a bunch of people downvoted you without replying is that no one wanted to be bothered with this whole quoted nonsense.

In any case, I provided a well argued refutation of your original points, and you've not managed to provide anything substantial in response but blustery factless nonsense.

Incidentally in 2013 among those who completed their course Media Studies has a 93% employment rate, second only to medicine. 

95% of all degree graduates get a job, the average graduate salary is 31,041 compared to 17,899 for non-graduates even if they are working in non-graduate jobs. Salaries for every kind of education below degree, including the vocational courses you reccomend are much lower [Source](http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/publications/re-reference-tables.html?edition=tcm%3A77-333261).

See, that's a source, not the biased claptrap trotted out by the DM and DT.

By the way, you complained of being downvoted but are still downvoting me because you disagree with what I have to say.

 




 The point is that despite knowing nothing at all about any of these departments actually do you assume these talking points are true because pavlov style you've been trained to believe that and trot out the DM style responses. The sheer ignorance of all of your comments above show that to be true.

Also you can reply to a comment without quoting every single line of it.  




 You think there are a limited number of graduate jobs because that's the only metric you're looking at. The present decline in those positions is mainly down to the long term effect of 2008 and the increase in unpaid or low paid internships for those leaving education - most of these positions are being funded by the benefits system.

Degree education improves your *lifetime* earning power - not just the few years after you leave university. It doesn't matter if you get a graduate job or not you still earn more from the moment you hit the employment market.

 




 London Assembly selections:  Following the recent announcement by long serving London Assembly Member Val Shawcross [of her retirement], it has been decided to extend the application period by a further week.  The deadline for applications is now noon on Thursday 28 May 2015.  Details and an application form can be found here:  http://members.labour.org.uk/gla_candidates

London Mayoral candidates:  Eight applications have been received for the selection of our candidate.  Constituency Labour Parties and affiliates now have until 10 June to nominate from amongst these people.  CLP Secretaries will be organising all-member nomination meetings. 

- Diane Abbott
- Tessa Jowell
- Keran Kerai
- Sadiq Khan
- David Lammy
- Neeraj Patil
- Gareth Thomas
- Christian Woolmar

Tower Hamlets Mayoral election:  This election isn't just important for the people of Tower Hamlets but also for the wider Labour movement as we rebuild after the General Election. 

Were holding a briefing event for members about the campaign and how you can get more involved.  Its from 4-6pm this Saturday (23 May) at St Margarets Hall, 21 Old Ford Road, E2 9PL. To attend, sign up at http://www.johnbiggsformayor.com/campaign_briefing. 

If youd like to join the campaign, you can sign up to an individual campaign session at www.johnbiggsformayor.com/events or sign up as a volunteer at www.johnbiggsformayor.com/volunteer. 

Additionally, you can pop into Johns office at 349 Cambridge Heath Road, E2 9RA at any time to pick up some leaflets or go canvassing.  The office is open 10am-4pm every day, including bank holiday Monday.

And finally:  The work of the London Labour Party costs money and Id welcome and appreciate your support. Donations can be made online at https://donate.labour.org.uk/london/1 or by post to London Labour Party, Walkden House, Melton Street, NW1 2EB, Thank you. 




 Its looking more and more like the IDS/Hague/Howard period where the Tories kept electing ideologically pure candidates because it didn't recognise that electorate had changed.
 




 I think they expected a Tory minority government. When you examine the changes they made in the fixed term parliament act - removing dissolution of parliament for a defeated queens speech, defeated major legislation and the like they clearly had in mind the problems faced by the Major government. 




 Based on what you had to say there is no point in disagreeing with you - there isn't anything anyone could say to you that would deter you from these uninformed talking points.

To be brief: 

Lower educational numbers are a drag on productivity, even Osborne recognises this. Courses that you apparently don't consider valid (possibly because your interest is in dismissing the label rather than understanding the course) result in higher earnings and higher economic productivity in the long term - this directly affects GDP and the nature of the courses doesn't actually matter, its the level of study alone that works.

The same is true in employment related courses - the Farage favorite of stable hand qualifications and hairdressing courses. These improve wages and enable employment mobility i.e. if you can demonstrate your experience on paper you stand a much better chance of getting a better job with better pay. FYI a qualified salon colourist able to mix their own dyes earns 90 per hour, the reason it's a BSc course and not a BA is that a substantial part of a colourists job is chemistry.

The bloated middle management talking point is simply nonsense when discussing an organisation with 1.6 million staff. Small numbers of senior management can't possibly make decisions with enough focus to run an organisation on that scale without middle management - the same is true in any large private sector organisation. The example you cite '5 a day coordinator' may seem silly to you but the organisational role is about improving preventative healthcare and education i.e. saving money before it's spent.

International aid is 10 billion in a 700 billion budget. This is a talking point because some people don't like who its spent on and lack the wit to understand why it's spent and what benefit the country derives from it. For example, DFID was a major donor to the LUBILOSA Programme which developed a biological pesticide for locust control in Sahel zone across Africa. This developed a commercial product in conjunction with British scientists (which provided funding to British Universities) and was commercialised as a product by British and French companies. So this one programme created jobs in the UK, provided jobs and experience for graduate scientists, improved the agricultural output of a swath of Africa (which assists in famine prevention and thereby reduces emergency aid in the long term), and resulted in British and French companies creating lasting partnerships.

I appreciate that these things seem daft to you, but the fault lies in your understanding of what's happening and it's outputs, not the way the money is being spent. Perhaps look at the world through another lens rather than DT/DM headlines. 





























 Both men seem to have gained an appreciation for what their collective hubris cost them in 2007. 

Ron lost control of the team that represents his life's work, Alonso lost a guaranteed shot at four further WDC's, and results that were at least as good as Ferrari's, potentially better with him in the car.

So I suspect that, older and wiser, they really have set aside their differences because they both need each other very badly indeed. Neither has any other move left. 









 He isn't wrong, apparently fear of a functioning democracy in Scotland is a major driver for English voters, which is simply sad.

The problem amongst the LibDem's appears to be that the parliamentary party views the coalition as a heroic effort to save the country from a minority government whereas their voters simply view them as traitors. 

When the Libs lost 25% of their membership post the tuition fees fiasco, or when they were annihilated in the council elections two years ago you'd have thought they would have reversed course and thought about their supporters - apparently not - equally apparently the parliamentary party don't seem to have changed their view of the coalition since the election. 




 The weight and number of the fuel rigs that have to be moved around. The fuel is mostly shipped by their fuel suppliers. 




 Yesterday was the day when everyone officially announced their candidacy. I'd have preferred an email with some more information, but completely understand the approach. 




 Yep. Also an email from Tessa Jowell. I'll be supporting the Tessa - more info [here](http://www.tessa.london/). I like Sadiq but I'd rather see him in the Shadow Justice Secretary role. 









 Vettel gets [33.7 million in the first season](http://www.totalsportek.com/f1/sebastian-vettel-ferrari-contract-worth-240-million/) but much less in the following two, Alonso is apparently on [25 million a season](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/motorsport/formulaone/jenson-button/11288225/Jenson-Buttons-salary-slashed-but-McLaren-driver-is-raring-to-fight-for-world-title-again.html) 









 Whatever billionaire you're talking about according to the press, especially the MOS, they're corrupt. 

Most of the people complaining, just as you are, are sore because they were on the wrong end of a deal and didn't get what they wanted or what they thought they were due. Thems the breaks. Ultimately you have no proof of anything merely a bunch of tabloid gossip and the usual heroes and villains narrative. 




 Refueling rigs are expensive to buy, you need a team of four additional people to maintain and operate them during the race, further people on the FIA end to inspect them, people to pack them up, more people back at base to optimise the fuel delivery, additional vehicles to transport them to and from the airport or seaport, and the air and sea freight is expensive.

The teams, according to RBR, have five versions of their race setup on the ocean or in the air at any one time. So its not just one rig you need to buy five. They also have two versions of their pit crew so thats at least eight additional staff to hire, transport and accomodate.

There is also additional work, parts, and maintenance on the cars to consider, and more work for the team's own safety officers.

In any form of business staff are always the most expensive component.  














 Heroes and Villains mate. Everyone else is always the innocent hero in F1 deal and Bernie is always the evil villain. Funny thing is the world generally doesn't operate that way. 




 You're claiming Bernie wanted a bribe, that sounds terribly corrupt, when in fact was he was offering was a deal to stage a race.

Grands Prix are mostly run on 10 year contracts, so offering a resign at the 8 year stage is pretty reasonable especially if the commercial environment has changed - in the case of Adelaide the transport fees had increased steeply thanks to the oil market. So, as **you** said, they were offered a deal, dithered over it, and lost the GP and lost as a result. 




 Basically in F1 the manufacturers pay for the racing and form the basis of the grid. They subsidised 50% of the cost of the engines in the V8 formula, and they're still heavily subsidising the cost now. Without the manufacturers the sport simply wouldn't exist. The foundation of the current Formula was laid the day BMW exited saying this:

Premium [brands] will increasingly be defined in terms of sustainability and environmental compatibility. This is an area in which we want to remain in the lead. In line with our Strategy Number ONE, we are continually reviewing all projects and initiatives to check them for future viability and sustainability. Our Formula One campaign is thus less a key promoter for us - Norbert Reithofer

In other words the sports strategy needed to change, particularly in the light of the global recession, in order to keep the manufacturers we did have and hopefully attract new ones. 




 You can find all of those things in other series - IMO it sounds like you'd enjoy Indy more than F1. 




 I see - in your mind 'race fee' is equal to a 'bribe'. Got it.

FOM pays for all the safety work, FIA oversight, stewards, medical staff, transport and shipping, hotels, basically the cost of getting the personnel and the show to the venue and back. But mainly 60% of its revenue forms the prize money the teams get - so when you support a team calling for more money you also support increasing the race fee.

In short Melbourne outbid Adelaide. By your own admission they were offered a deal to resign but dithered over it and Bernie went to Melbourne who wanted the race more. Business is business. 




 In other words Adelaide couldn't make up its mind about the level of support and lost the race - how does this constitute Bernie taking a bribe? 




 No matter what room he's in Galloway is always the biggest cunt in it. 




 He brokers the deals, and he's pretty bloody good at it. No one would have F1 without him, and F1 will miss him very much when he's gone, its just going to take a while for people to realise that. 




 He made it, he gets to do mostly what he wants with it, and for the most part he's looked after his bit it pretty well. 

Personally all I see is a bunch of armchair quarterbacks who have little idea about the realities being faced crying because they didn't get the rules mix they thought would solve all of their issues. I've listened to it for nearly four decades, and no matter what solution is offered someone is always sore, someone else claims it isn't proper racing, and it'll all be Bernie's fault no matter who made the decision or what governing structures were in place. 

But really this whole thing is about rich teams, rich manufacturer's, rich team owners and slightly richer business people making a deal where everyone gets a bit of what they wanted.

Big business is corrupt full stop, its less corrupt than it used to be, but it just is and saying you want one rich guy to die isn't really changing anything is it?

What will Bernie's death change anyway? FOM doesn't dictate the rules, Bernie rarely gets everything he wants (which if you listen to the details is often more in touch with what the fans want than the teams). Bernie will be replaced and things will carry on.  




 Neither of those teams had a $1 billion dollar business supporting the them, and neither of those teams had a Ferrari engine, parts, and support. Looking at how competitive Sauber have been so far this season I don't think they're stretching the truth. 




 Why on earth would you wish for someone's death just because you disagree with them? 




 Because we'd like to have engines made by people with expertise in cutting edge engine technology rather than some 30 year old design cobbled together because it sounds good and the bhp meets the arbitrary expectations of large number fetishists  














 I think Mercedes new safety car includes concepts from the W05 engine? 




 The 2002 Arrows A23 chassis carried on through two further teams and was racing again in 2006. Stoddart discarded it after buying the IP, and from there it went to SuperAguri.

I don't have a problem with the customer car effort. It's hard getting a team established financially and anything that can bring in teams, and allow them the financial space to get going and develop, will help the sport in the long term.  




 /u/trollabot 














 The sporting rules contain a list of parts that must be produced in house - the list exists to prevent customer cars. 



















 I'm not disagreeing your statement about the individual cars - the elements of the coke bottle design were evident throughout the late 70s and early 80s grid in their evolutionary forms. But the MP4/4 and 4/5 along with the 640 really kicked off the shape of the cars to come, and spread the design downgrid. 














 Done. 









 Hulkenberg had the most consistent junior career, but his results are only comparable with Hamilton's at 5 championships each. I beleive Hamilton remains one of the very few drivers to have won every series he's entered. 




 By junior championship win's: 

Grosjean (7), Hamilton (5), Hulkenberg (5), Massa (4), Alonso (3), Bottas (3), Nasr (3), Maldonado (3), Ricciardo (2), Raikkonen (2), Sainz (2), Kvyat (2), Rosberg (2), Ericsson (2), Button (2), Magnussen (2), Vettel (1), Verstappen (1), Prez (1), Merhi (1), Stevens (0).

For comparison Schumacher had 3 junior championships.

Availability of race seats matters though - Raikkonen, Verstappen, and Vettel barely competed in the junior categories. Its not a hard and fast rule, but RBR drivers tend to have shorter junior carrers because RBR have 4 seats in F1 and promote/discard quickly. 




 Schumacher won 3 junior championships, as did Alonso, which is only one championship adrift of Nico Rosberg(2) and Nasr (2) for comparison's sake. Hamilton and Hulkenberg, by contrast, won 5 championships each.  




 The 6 month leadership election fight in 2010 allowed Cameron and Osborne the space, assisted by Liam Byrne's idiotic letter, to define the recession as local rather than global. 

A public keen for someone to blame lapped up the message as it played into the general air of incompetence that had built up around Brown. 

It remains to be seen if the current leadership cycle will allow the Tories to define us again, but the large number of candidates isn't helping. 














 Sure. I'm not disagreeing with your statement about the individual cars - the elements of the coke bottle design were evident throughout the late 70s and early 80s grid in their evolutionary form. But the MP4/4 and 4/5 along with the 640 really kicked off the shape of the cars to come, and spread the design downgrid. 




 Yep, and with better production values. 




 True, but neither are entirely recognisable as a modern F1 car, and not everybody went that way. McLaren and Ferrari got it right in 88/89 and then everyone else followed suit - hence my title. 




 In the overwhelming majority of theatres profit isn't a consideration at all. 

The only way most shows get staged is through fund raising, the arts council, or other charities. Profit left the building 30 years ago. 




 Speaking as a former Theatre pro, there isn't really a problem with the industry. People outside the major cities, especially young people, simply stopped going to the theatre for fun in large enough numbers for it to be sustainable. In an environment where there is so much competition for the entertainment  rep theatre simply lost (so did pubs and the music industry, but that's another story).

Rising costs to the public in terms of tickets, transport, food and drink, obviously didn't help. The fact that the sheer effort involved in organising an evening out increased as working hours lengthened is also a factor, as is parents keeping teens on a tighter leash. But the reality is you can stick a good HBO show on your HD TV, or download a good movie for 4 and be just as entertained as going out to the theatre without any hassle. In fact you can be *reliably* entertained, and the same can't be said for rep theatre.

The result is virtually the only shows that are sustainable are large scale musicals, pantomimes, and new writing (things you can't watch on the TV at home). That being the case basically all the rep theatres are closing or merging and all that remains are regional receiving houses and even those are under threat.

People do love the idea of the theatre, they simply don't go it and then act unhappy when the local theatres close. Theatre seems to be entertainment for *other* people. 




 Scottish union members are almost certainly going to leave Labour for the SNP this year, particularly as we're going to get wiped out in the Scottish parliamentary elections - we've had a declining vote share up there since 2003 - something the English party has simply ignored. 









 Its easy to be cynical about this, but the electorate has apparently changed significantly which is why the pollster's models didn't work.

The [election results show](http://ukpollingreport.co.uk/blog/archives/9418) that Labour areas became more polarized and the same thing happened in Conservative areas. Previously Liberal areas went Blue en masse, and the downward Labour trend in Scotland since 2003 accelerated massively. 

It's going to be fascinating finding out what exactly has changed and the drivers behind it. 









 It is of course, but electric cars powered by self generation or mains electricity are far cleaner because the emissions can be effectively controlled and the generation type includes a far stronger renewable component.  




 He's facing a political reality where there are two main right wing parties in England that hate him and one main left wing party that merely dislikes him quite a bit. 

So I suspect comments like this are, as you say, him trying to appear relevant to his members.

All that said, he isn't wrong in what he said, and the fault lies in the failure of the party to bring the Unions with it as it progressed over the last 50 years. Something that's simply resulted in the Unions becoming more and more extremist as the party has moderated. 




 The point being that engine costs were going to increase substantially when the cost cap arrangement ended in any case. 

Most fan argument places the V8 cost at 8 million, ignores the subsidisation and its impending end, and argues the cost of the new engines is 20 million (which is still a subsidised cost) is too high and the increase too great for the non-works teams to bear. In reality the V6 formula is only a small amount more expensive than the V8 formula would have been without Mosley's cost cap.

Essentially the fan argument contends one group of rich people (the teams) is more deserving of cost reduction than another group of rich people (the manufacturers) and expects the latter to pick up the tab for the former, whilst conveniently ignoring the fact that they have been paying for the sport's existence for a long time. 

The wider point is that the manufacturers and teams do not make a profit from being in F1 directly - it's a marketing platform for virtually everyone except Sauber and Manor. Every successful outfit has a strong underlying business, all of the so called 'minnows' do not, and it's telling that Williams resurgence is closely aligned with its development of a technology business.

Of the 137 official F1 constructors that participated since 1950 only 10 remain active - costs and rules were a problem in 1950, and they remain a problem today. Realistically the sport needs to look hard at what is and isn't a successful business model for a team when it considers new entrants.  









 It was an FIA led deal negotiated by Mosley. F1 got cost capped engines, the manufacturers were allowed to supply more teams.

Google FIA Mosley Cost Cap if you'd like to know more, although this is being discussed elsewhere in the thread. 




 In effect they subsidise the sport. They make back from the sport about half of what they spend on being in it. F1 is a marketing platform for them. 









 F1 teams were, and still are, receiving subsidised engines and the v8 version of that deal expired. The v8s actual cost was around 16 million as season, but the teams got the engines for 8 million. So the terms of cost reduction in much of the fan argument are very relativistic. 




 It really depends what new technology eliminates when you want to claim something is dirty vs something else. Hydrogen, for example, is extraordinarily inefficient when compared to batteries [here's Elon Musk explaining why](https://youtu.be/Y_e7rA4fBAo?t=10m21s). 

Between Tesla and Apple battery technology has improved dramatically in just 8 years.

Home batteries that can charge overnight and power the home during the day have arrived. This reduces demand, which eliminates power stations, and makes them cleaner than the current solution. 

Every car manufacturer has gone hybrid, and cars will be mainly electrically powered within the decade. That eliminates not only fossil fuels, but the transport systems that support its delivery, and the environmental damage caused by its discovery, refining and extraction. Because of this batteries are actually cleaner than current solutions. 




 The ignorance displayed by some fans over the v6 engine move, noise issue and fuel saving is quite simply astonishing.

 














 Labour led four Lab/Lib coalitions in the Scottish Parliament, each garnering less and less support until the 2007 wipeout. Of the 73 constituencies in Scotland, only 20 are now represented parties other than the SNP. Labour had to rely on regional lists to get its seats the last time around.

The evidence suggests that trend will continue in 2016. 

IMO you're completely right, it would have been had we had the sense to send some of our best back to Scotland or keep them there in the first place. Sadly Westminster was always the priority.  




 Its very easy to say that, particularly with justifiable disdain for the other political parties involved. But members in Scotland quite rightly ask what did our support for those MP's and Prime Minister's deliver *for* Scotland - I hear the same questions asked in the North of England. I can't point to anything, can you?

I chuckle a little as I hear the millennial generation criticised for being selfish and self absorbed by a generation that bought them up that way, it throws the 'small britain' politics of the day into sharp relief. Everyone seems deeply concerned that someone else is getting something they're not. No one believes their voices are being heard or their issues attended to, I don't see the party offering a solution to that narrative as the different wings sharpen their sticks for the leadership election, merely playing to it. 




 While I have every respect for Murphy and the work he's done, it would have been better effected two or three years ago, perhaps 20 years ago. 

One has to ask what the Scottish contingent of Labour MP's were working on for the last few years that was more important than working *in* Scotland? 

If the truth is (as I suspect) that the leadership and the Scottish contingent did not realise the work was necessary until halfway through indyref, then we deserve what happened north of the border. 




 In 1996, around four hours after registering at uni in Edinburgh, I found myself listening to Alex Salmond speak. All of the main parties had been invited to student hustings to encourage party registration but only Salmond turned up.

Already being a Labour member (grandson of trade unionists, I had a lifetime membership three months after conception) I was campaigning for the devolution referendum a year later. What I found was quite shocking. The branches barely met, had no policy ideas, and mainly operated as a poorly attended social club. 

On the doorstep allegations of 'red tory' were common and you would really struggle to disagree with them - the elite of Scotland were all Labour voters and had no interest dealing with the extraordinary poverty on the sink estates surrounding the major cities or the complexities of life in remote communities.

By 1999 Dewar had returned from Westminster to lead the Scottish Assembly. He was a popular figure, but many in the party struggled with the fact that he had left Scotland for career, like so many other young people, and was only now returning for a coronation. Just like Murphy, Cook, Brown, Darling, the list is endless.

Listening to a friend who had gone to Scotland for the independence campaign describe the state of the party in Scotland it was clear to me nothing had changed. The leadership could best be described as the 'z' team, many in the party supported independence, the branches remained social clubs, and the members were disengaged from a campaign that had nothing to offer *for* Scotland but 'their figures are wrong', 'don't do something you'll regret'.

Alex Salmond wanted the referendum date, Cameron wanted straight Yes or No, Labour wanted DevoMax. Salmond and Cameron did a deal and placed Labour in a trap, and we walked straight into it without a second thought. 

Neither Unionist party could present a positive vision for Scotland via a new Scotland Act so Darling waged an entirely negative campaign fighting for the status quo with vague promises of a new settlement after 2015. Communities were divided, friends and families stopped speaking to each other - a deep anger bubbled to the surface. Quite obviously the 'victory' was pyrrhic - literally bonfire of the vanities.

Parachuting in Murphy at the last minute with nothing new to offer was just more of the same garbage that Scottish voters had been hearing for the last half century and I'm not at all surprised it didn't work.

If Labour wants its voice heard in Scotland again it needs to be a voice *from* Scotland speaking to England fighting for Scottish issues and not the other way around. We need a strong Scottish Labour party that believes in the union and can say in a single sentence why the union is worthwhile. The exact same thing is true in Wales. If we can't provide those voices then independence should happen now. 









 Farage was attempting a similar stunt to the Labour 'stone' when the crash happened - flying a plane with a banner on it in an attempt to get free media coverage. 

Lets just say that the stunt exceeded expectations. 









 Probably why Farage crashed his plane! 




 If you want to get a party message into a print media that will only print negative stories about your campaign, then something like this works very well indeed. The press print the photo with the message intact and it's free media from there on. 

Whomever you're opposing doesn't matter, because the people open to the message, in this case 'promises set in stone' unlike the current government, will get it. 




 This is a media trick designed to deal with overwhelming negative coverage in the media. 

Basically Labour couldn't get any positive message into the print media, so it tried the immigration mug. All of the press printed the photo of the mug complete with the 'strong on immigration' message, and from that point on the tone of the story didn't matter, the voters read the message.

The stone was a step too far, but again the media printed the picture with the messages on it intact. Had Labour won it would have been quite a clever way of getting 'promises set in stone', which is a wedge issue with certain voter groupings, into wide circulation.

Likely an Axelrod idea - think the Obama 'hope' poster - which worked very well in the states. The Tories did it in 2010 election with the DC posters and UKIP at the EU election with their posters - left media exploded and they got a ton of free media from their ad buy. 




 Too damaged (and damageable still) by association with her husband, too last 10 years to be useful in an election. Essentially a more of the same thing you've seen under Miliband and Brown, but with a more acceptable face candidate.

We need to break away from the past, and another former minister who is easy to paint with the woes of the party won't help. 














 I suspect the reason that Tessa Jowell stood down might be is that she intends to run for the Mayoralty. 




 The electoral landscape shifted against the party in an extremely difficult to surmount way - we would now need 13% swing to get a majority, the Tories only need 6%. 

The electoral system was tilted against the Tories through the last couple of decades because Labour and LibDem supporters in marginals were prepared to vote tactically to keep the Tories out, and many LibDem seats were Lib/Con marginals with the Tories in second place. All of that is over.

We lost votes to the Tories in former Liberal seats, to the Greens everywhere, and notably the SNP in Scotland. Liberal votes went Conservative en masse, and the remainder to the Greens. UKIP hurt us rather than the Tories, because we lost votes to them and their vote turned out to be softer than expected allowing the Tories to win. The Labour vote is being squeezed at the top, bottom, and middle.

In Conservative seats we needed to win there was a swing *to* the Tories, and in seats we already held there was a swing *to Labour* - we got piles of votes where we didn't need them and lost votes where we did. 




 Apparently the 'letter' is missing, so he didn't meet the requirements of the party's constitution. 

My working assumption is that Carswell was being looked to as a future leader in order to divide the work involved but turned out to be a pain in the backside - just as he was in the Conservative party. 




 Zero chance of the Tories putting up a big beast for London Mayor after the last two rounds of local/national elections - 45 Labour seats vs 27 Conservative ones.

Anyone standing on the blue team will essentially be a sacrificial lamb. 




 He's very close to Tessa Jowell, she stood down from Parliament with the Mayoralty in mind, so I very much doubt he would cut across one of his political mentor's plans. 









 Hello fellow Streathamite. 

More to come on this I suspect. Seems a very left field decision for someone who was selected for leadership potential. 




 Those rumours have been around since he stood - mainly fueled by certain streatham lib dems during the 2010 election. Mostly seem to be driven by the absent girlfriend. 







































 I like EJ because he provides experience and an informal style that's absent in the Sky team, I think DC was shaping up to be a great foil for Brundle before the Sky move.

I watch Sky for the 'grown up' Brundle commentary and Kravitz's notebook, but it's a bit of a sausage party, Crofty and Lazenby really getting on my nerves, and only Kravitz, Hill, and Herbert actually look comfortable on camera.

I wish they would let Hill provide more insight and stop playing up the Herbert/Hill comedy duo. 




 Isn't this the reason that Mclaren, Williams, and Mercedes (and some others) have fins on their sidepods? 




 He had a very hard race, he told the sky commentators that the water system wasn't functioning on top of all of the other problems so he would have been extremely dehydrated at the end of the race. 




 Basically every time he hit the throttle, no matter how much, the back snapped out. 




 Of course they're going to say positive things, that's how the world works. Had the been more realistic people would just piss on them. They have made positive gains, they just haven't hit the points yet, but it'll come. 




 People in this sub seem to expect miracles from McLaren, and I don't know why! It takes about 3 years to develop an F1 engine, Honda have had one year and 5 test races.

In terms of on track performance they've gone from 5 seconds of the lead to around 1.6 seconds since the start of the season - which is a huge leap! So they've made a lot of progress, but still have a long way to go. 

I really don't know why everyone is so disappointed. 




 Most of the aero effort seems to be going into the front and rear wings! 





























 I agree. As I said, because the fuel sensors are relatively new and so is the analysis of their data, I suspect that the FIA are seeing information that can't be easily explained and this has lead to some suspicions and the improvement in the rules governing the fuel system. 




 The scrutineers had the opportunity to go over all of the cars thoroughly (because of the test) and found nothing of concern. Since there is no name attached to the complaint, at least publicly, I suspect that it's just concern over unexplained data rather than the teams doing something to get around the rules.  




 Yes, after Alonso's emails had ended up in Bernie's inbox, from where they made their way to the FIA. This is what prompted the second formal investigation and the very pointed request for the driver's information.

On the 2nd of November Alonso announced he was departing McLaren, just 5 days later Renault are charged with possessing McLaren's confidential information, a charge on which they were found guilty.

Who ran Renault? Briatore. Who's Alonso's manager? Briatore. 

You do the math.

By September of the following year Briatore and Alonso were fixing races. 




 Absolutely, it was all a made up conspiracy to deny Alonso his third WDC. Nothing to do with Alonso's behavior and *regal* expectations.

/sarcasm 




 Awful news 




 I see Alonso derangement syndrome is alive and well.

You believe whatever you want to. I'll believe actual facts and the legal records of the hearings that were published by the World Motorsport Council.

Yes the FIA employed and independent scrutineer [at Alonso's request], because Alonso tried to blackmail his way to a WDC got the team fined which put jobs at risk back home, and then expected the engineering staff to treat him normally afterwards. 




 Emails which Alonso then sent to Bernie, and Bernie sent to the FIA. This is a matter of record in a hearing at the World Motorsport council - these are facts and not in any form of dispute.

Also, your attempt to correlate the dispute in qualification and turn it into a blackmail situation has no basis in reality, and has no proof backing it whatsoever.

Again this is a matter of legal record in the World Motorsport Council and is not in dispute. The row occurred in Ron Dennis's motorhome at the race, and happened because Alonso held up Hamilton.  




 No, I mean to say that his holding Hamilton up on track thereby ruining his quali, and then when confronted over it, his threat to Dennis to ruin the team's season and McLaren's reputation unless his demands were accommodated show that he's a bad guy - or a least he was at the time.

Strange also that Renault somehow came into possession of detailed technical specs of McLaren's 2006 and 2007 cars later in the season. I wonder how that happened. 




 You're thinking of the first case which was settled on 26 July 2007 and resulted in no penalty for McLaren (Mosley was unsuccessful).

I'm referring to the second case was heard on 13 September 2007 and was entirely built on the Alonso/De La Rosa/Coughlan emails.

Somehow Alonso's emails had been sent to Bernie, and somehow or other Renault had also obtained extensive technical information on the 2007 McLaren car. I wonder how that happened. 




 Not the case at all. 

There was no proof that the information had been used until Alonso forced Ron's hand. The damning evidence were the emails between De La Rosa and Alonso as these proved the information was beneficial to the team. 




 No. Ron Dennis was doing that in the early 80s, most famously with Prost and Senna - Many years before Merc were even a modern F1 team. Its one of the most famous things about the team.

In fact, given the McLaren/Mercedes history together, there is a very decent argument that Mercedes modelled their team operation on McLaren and this was the nature of the dispute between Brawn and Lauda/Wolff and Lowe. Brawn being a famous team orders man. 




 Alonso wasn't whistleblowing. 

The emails Alonso was threatening to turn over were those exchanged between himself Coughlan and Pedro De La Rosa actually using the Ferrari information between themselves. What he wanted in return for not revealing them was number one status. Dennis refused to be blackmailed and turned the team into the FIA himself. 

Until that point McLaren's story had been that they received the information, but no one actually used it (at least there was no proof that was the case). Since Alonso and De La Rosa had actually used it, and Alonso could prove it from his own email account, that's what blew the case open again. 

The assertions that Dennis treated Hamilton better than Alonso are basically nonsense - Dennis has a very long history of letting his drivers race fairly whereas Alonso was expecting number one status - his treatment after the row with Ron over Spygate was completely understandable as he had basically pissed all over the team and no one at any level of the organisation could tolerate that.

Lets not forget here that Hamilton turned in the best rookie season the sport has ever seen, frequently beating an experienced double world champion with 6 more seasons of F1 experience. Without the team's tyre mistake at the Chinese Grand Prix, he would have won the WDC in his rookie season. 




 No problem. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/35hwqn/alonso_brake_failure_caused_by_visor_tear_off/ 




 Didn't help himself? 

He couldn't cope with being challenged by a rookie so tried to blackmail Ron Dennis, which led to McLaren being disqualified and fined $100 million. 

The only reason he wasn't at least disqualified from that years championship or worse (it was he and De La Rose sharing the data) was that he gave evidence against McLaren for immunity. 




 What's funny, when you've been watching the sport for several decades, is reading these comments and remembering that's what was being said about the likes of Prost, Senna, Schumacher and Mansell during their careers. 




 Like Alonso and Piquet, Prost was his own worst enemy. 




 Its one of those 'letter vs the spirit of the rules' situations (if it's actually happening at all). From what I can gather of the camera pods, the were only a couple of millimetres larger than the rules required.

But that's F1, complain about good ideas first and then duplicate them later. 




 I don't have any emotional investment in Nasr, but I have been impressed by his and Sainz potential. I also think, thanks to Maldonado and a lot of people who don't really understand how the sport works, the label 'pay driver' is being thrown around in a very ignorant fashion at the moment. 

Nasr got sponsorship because he's Brazilian *and* good, not because he happened to be the only Brazilian in F1.

As I've pointed out elsewhere, it was Fittipaldi that bought Philip Morris to McLaren, and Alonso who bought in Santander. 




 Good point, I failed to filter out Keke, so Nico has 16 and Keke has 3. 




 At the junior stage of his career it makes his results better than Rosberg's at the same stage, which is what I said. 




 No, but I'm not surprised it wasn't mentioned, without a name of the complainant attached such things haven't been mentioned in the past. 

I don't know if one or more teams has complained, or something the stewards have seen in an engine has made them suspicious - I would suspect the latter. They timed the announcement well, since everyone is hanging around in Spain for the test it gave them the opportunity to have a really thorough look at the cars. 




 Fittipaldi bought his personal sponsors Philip Morris to McLaren, Alonso bought his personal sponsors Santander to McLaren and Ferrari, both left the sponsors behind when they left. 

*Everyone* is a pay driver at some stage. Gaining sponsors is a competitive advantage in getting an F1 seat, when moving teams, and in paying for a junior career. Even for drivers in a junior programme.

If the debate is that results matter, Nasr has the results. 









 It looks radical for sure, but the fundamental that led to this design is still dealt with in the modern era with less obvious imagination, but imagination non-the-less.

It's not the only six wheeled F1 car, but it is the only one to race - there's the [March 2-4-0](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/March_2-4-0), [Ferrari 312T6](http://s183.photobucket.com/user/Starcowboy/media/Enzo/312t2-6a.jpg.html), and even a Williams. Ferrari even tried an eight wheeled version of the [312T6](http://pixgood.com/ferrari-312t6.html)

Funnily enough the reasoning behind the 6 wheels was dealing with dirty air better to reduce drag, these days we do that through the complicated front wings. 




 Nasr. He has two junior championships a 2nd and two 3rds under his belt - those are better junior results than Rosberg (2 championships and one 2nd), and only one junior championship adrift of Schumacher (3 championships, one 2nd, one 3rd) at the same stage of his career. Yet he's branded a pay driver. 




 In which case it doesn't make sense that Fangio still holds so many records, compared to Jackie Stewart who entered 48 more races than he did.

Equally Hamilton holds more records than Senna, even though as of last week, he has entered 152 grand prix compared to Senna's 162. In this case Hamilton and Senna can be directly compared and Hamilton wins that particular contest.

Fangio competed in 52 races over and eight year career winning 46.15% of all the races he entered - no modern era driver can hope to come close to that, so the bias you refer to has a reverse. The result is that many of the records Fangio holds like oldest driver to enter, highest win percentage, cannot be broken in the modern era. Likewise there are some modern records, that Fangio couldn't get near - total laps led, number of consecutive entries.

Finally, if 'chances' mattered then Barrichello, having entered 326 races should hold more records than anyone else, but he only has 19, Alonso should also hold many more records than Hamilton having entered 240 races.

What's really interesting though is that if you knock out the percentage stats, and records that couldn't be broken in the modern era Hamilton is the second best driver ever behind Vettel, because Schumacher holds a lot of records simply through the longevity of his career - which is also a record. 




 I suspect a lot of that is down to Briatore's influence on the young Alonso. 




 In terms of the total number of F1 driver records held, the only people ahead of Hamilton (52) are Schumacher (97) and Vettel (72). 

He's already eclipsed Clark (36), Senna (37), Lauda (16), Prost (42), Mansell (29), Stewart (14), Fangio (37), Ascari (20), Hill (5), Hkkinen (17), Alonso (46), N. Rosberg (16) and many more. 

He's also the only active driver increasing his count of records at the moment - adding 4 in 2014, Vettel was down 5 in the same period.

Statistically at least Hamilton is the third best driver in F1 history. 




 Yep, they were conservative and didn't want to risk the position. I understand the reasons and from a team point of view they make sense, from a racing point of view they don't.  




 Spotting the parking manoeuvre (the drivers can't see the nose), and watching for un-noticed problems. 




 For much of the 94' pre-season and virtually the whole of the season teams were concerned about safety because active suspension, anti-lock brakes, traction control and launch control had all been banned and no attempt had been made to curtail speed. 

*This is fact*, its not disputed by anyone with direct knowledge of the season, and in all of the incidents I highlighted speed and load on vehicle components were the defining factor of the crashes.

All of the on track incidents occurred because of critical component failure under load or simple loss of control i.e. the cars had been designed for electronic stabilisation systems that were no longer available. Williams remain unable to directly attribute Senna's accident to component failure (although all of that remains murky), and there remains a credible argument that, under pressure on a flat out corner with a bumpy track, he lost a difficult car that he was not yet comfortable with.

Weather was not a factor in the crashes of Senna, Ratzenberger, Barichello, Wendlinger, or Montermini - all of which were avoidable and severe. 




 All Lewis needed to do was put him under pressure, Rosberg has a history of making costly errors in that situation. One spin would have done the trick. 





























 They race under a German licence as a German company, the board who make the decisions are German. Ergo the contract would need to be compatible with German law if one or both of the parties chose to prosecute it there.  




 In my experience (which is around 5 years of working on improving business processes for contracts inside law firms) the client end of a sports deal involves about 10 lawyers of various ranks plus associates, support staff, and an outside team of accountants. 

There will be a number of different components to the contract and each will require singular expertise their field i.e. you'll have someone on personal terms, someone on image rights, someone on sporting terms etc - a large contract such as this may even involve multiple law firms working together. 

The majority of the term negotiations between the parties are conducted by each side's lawyers and accountants within the direction set by their clients. You only involve the principles when there is approval required, a disputed issue, or to finalise a component. 




 We came close to doing that in 1994 - banned all of the traction and driver aids that 'purist' fans said were ruining the racing, had little in the way of meaningful surface aero, and teams could run as close to the ground as they liked.

Ultimately, the cars were simply too quick and powerful to be controllable in general, and even modestly safe when something went wrong. None of the circuits were ready for such high speed accidents. Senna's death disguises a [series[1]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XSI27en56tg) [of[2]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9yUxMLIbtIk) [terrifying[3]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xumw9c5j-3A) [accidents[4]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xd-nSWjdpHI) and on track [incidents[5]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LvxMtYyNZ6Q) during 1994 that are rarely talked of anymore. The pit lane speed limits and downforce reduction measures we see today all came from that season's racing - 1994 defines modern F1.

"Its going to be a season with lots of accidents, and I'll risk saying that we'll be lucky if something really serious doesnt happen." - Ayrton Senna, during the 94' pre-season.


In the end the 94' season left two drivers dead, another in a coma, one seriously injured marshall, five injured spectators, and a seriously injured mechanic.

No one wants the spending war ground effect floors would bring, and no one wants 1994 to happen again. 

Be very careful what you wish for in this regard.
 




 Theoretically, sure. But everyone would be in the same boat, wearing at broadly the same rate, the pace of which is dictated by the lead car. 

So ultimately you'd end up in same situation whilst handing an unfair penalty to anyone with a puncture or who had to stop for other reasons. 




 Thing is it doesn't really work like that. You always lose time pitting, its an automatic disadvantage, so extant other circumstances that would cause you to pit because you had to, all teams would run the race on one set of tyres. 




 Yes. At this point of development tyres can do pretty much anything F1 would like them to. So in that era they were spec'd to be quick and last the race by design, but it was quite dull. 




 I used the word team to imply that more than one person is involved (as is blatantly obvious). 

Yes, his staff will be dealing with non-vital terms and contract minutiae - he won't be negotiating every single line himself. 




 We've had those. They make for incredibly dull processional racing and further penalise the drivers for racing incidents, punctures, and wing adjustments that require them to pit. 

The problem is it's very hard to overtake on the old European circuits, as we've just seen, so increasing the pit stops adds variables and makes for better racing.  




 Any contract will have to apply in Germany, where Mercedes is based, and in Monaco, where Hamilton is based. To achieve that you'll need lawyers for both parties at both ends, assistants to handle messaging, arrange meetings, check amendments, and even negotiate non-important terms (i.e. things that you wouldn't trouble Lewis about) and a variety of other minutiae.  

So while Lewis doesn't have management and is negotiating the important parts of the deal directly, he will have lawyers, financial advisors, and personal assistants that help him structure the whole thing - hence the perfectly acceptable use of the word 'team' in my comment. 




 Team, as in team of lawyers and personal staff. 




 I read that at the time, but Fernando didn't answer the posed question directly and the report from Shanghai was unsourced. Having it from Allison confirms the speculation was true - and many people on here have disputed these earlier reports.  









 The *idea* that this was the case is old news, but I don't think that we have had confirmation from Alonso or Allison that it was actually what happened, hence "Allison admits" in the headline. 




