 I did keto for a few weeks and was amazed at how full i was while eating 1600 calories a day. Even just eating lower carb can get great results.  




 You know what he meant. 

 




 Sometimes (ie always) I jerk off with it 




 Mfw usa and ussr comperable in their view 




 If people were turning non working cars with their plates towards their homes it would be pretty hard to do considering the car wasn't working 




  ...Somalia? 




 I'm gay 




 Maybe rail is just a bad mass transit option? 




 Light rail usually holds way under the max capacity though because they are so underused.  









 Please make sure you donate to his campaign and not a superpac 




 Thank you for your brave act to help the middle class.  




 \All politics is brinksmanship. 


Ftfy 




 Will attempts ad devaluijg the cureency work if people still use the euro?  

Or will the govt make people somehow use the drachme by force? 




 National soverignty != opressive and backwards. Women in poland could drive to germany for abortion pills if they wanted.  




 Like one person basically 




 It is even more sad conisdering one of hillary's speeches to goldman sachs probably earned her more than his net worth 




 This is a hitpiece, but I think it is worth being familiar with so we can be prepared to counter the Hillary Campaign talking points 









 You're right. If we make college free for 4 years we will have a lot more voters. I like the way you think. You have to spread the message around 




 Why not?  We need to each voters why we will help them.  




 Was circumcised and suffer from lack of feeling in the end of my penis. I had it done soon after birth for no medical reason soon after birth.

It is completely equivalent to female genital mutilation except it happens to males.  




 I am a Bernie Sanders disctrict leader for my voting precinct. 

You can't stop Sanders for president. 

I donct know what campaign is paying you to post so late at night, but I can tell you that you will never win  




 Quit being so closed minded you heteronormative prude. 

Quit projecting your morality into other people's relationships.

They are both tested and monotanous, so their is no health risk 




 Lube up and be on the floor naked and ready when he gets home. 


Ass up. 

He won't be able to resist.  




 a.y.l.m.a.o 




 When they're not doging Bosniak sniper fire. 

But they have a large leadership role, which she used to malicious ends, just like when she was in the senate and was against freedom of speech, gay rights, and a leader in promoting the war on the Iraqi people 




 Agreed. But salon is very fairweather progressive and much too neoliberal for me, so you can only get so much 




 How?  Bernie Sanders has an economic platform that benefits groups in poverty, which are disproportionately African American and Woman American. 

By teaching people how voting Bernie Sanders will vote themselves money via common sense middle class economic ideas, like raising the minimium wage and expanding social security, Bernie Sanders can beat Hillary Clinton. 

It is just a matter of educating and teaching people why voting for neoliberalism never works.  









 100% 




 Agreed. I don't think he will run, and if he does he will be competing for HRC voters, not those of Bernie Sanders. It is like how Marco Rubio is going jead to head with Jeb being advantageous to Rand Paul. If Kasich gets in the Republican side, it will dilute the Jeb vote even more if more the establishment vote gets even further diluted.  














 We need a government, tax system, culture, healthcare system, police force, energy policy, and gay rights like Europe too. 

I am tired of being governed by the American Taliban.  




 I don't understand why african americans aren't more grateful at how much bernie has done for them. Why would they vote for hrc?  She is like the queen of the drug war 




 Bernie Sanders :D 









 Ah yes, why hasn't the senator from kentucky dictated laws for his statek. Hint: he can't. He isn't a state rep/senator. 

He has introduced a bunch of bills like you are describing with the cosponsorship of corey booker 




 Buzzfeed should be a felony 




 Remember 2008?  I am not saying Bernie will be the nominee, but hillary was rejected last time, and she hasn't done anything to bolster her resume since.  




 Randal. His name is Randal.  




 Women and minorities are being tricked into voting against their interests in favor of the interests of the banksters. 

I am voting Bernie.


#EntertheSandman #FeeltheBern 




 The exciting world of unpaid interning 




 He got autism from the vaccines, and you shouldn't leave guns around autistic children.  




 Manson is floridaman though 




 If anything this easies demmand in surrounding places so they dont have a bunch of luxury development. Idk how that is a bad thing 




 Honors students  




 Yeah. Lady gaga should endorse bernie 




 http://www.nheri.org/research/research-facts-on-homeschooling.html 




 Basically America's fault.  




 Morocco is mostly concerned with western sahara.  




 The coin has already been minted. Its too late.  




 http://www.reddit.com/r/vexillology/comments/38txg1/the_rainbowdaesh_a_hybrid_lgbtisis_flag/? 




 Kuna jogoo kubwa! 




 Wtf does JB even stand for?  Common core and amnesty?
 




 Quit doubting bernie please. You are hurting the cause. 

/r/sandersforpresisent 




 Yaaas gurl. Feel the Bern.  




 These bears arenct endangered, and as long as the hunting quota isn't large than the amount that can sustainably hunted each year, who cares?  

Is there a good argument against it? 




 Cock and ball torture? 




 If you spend on porn these days you are dumb anyways 




 Much of the antiporn research just comes from crazed 3rd wave antisex feminists.  




 Devil's Dessert 




 Good. Staying in the family is better than buying from some new construction made by an investor or renting from blackrock.  




 \not segregated by race

Boston.jpg

Also, the gifted program in NYC is almost all white and a way to prevent black kids from being in white classes 




 Yes. It is the only way to force equality of opportunity. 

People should be educated based on their needs, not giving all of the opportunity to the highest achievers. It is biased to have some schools better funded than the schools that educate the working and middle class.  




 One word. Homeschooling.  




 Having a used toyota is a better life decision than having a tes[Le] 




 I'm on mobile 
























 Dual water and conservation on end users is worth a lot less than forcing conservation of industrial users, farmers, and power plants.  




 Do you think allowing water to raise to market prices and face the real cost of water waste is a key part of solve our water stress issues in the US?

Or do you prefer keeping water distribution at below the market value for farmers? 




 /r/vexillology and /r/vexillologycirclejerk made a bunch, just ask them 




 EXCLUSIVE SCOOP ON ISIS INFLITRATION OF THE DEPTHS OF LONDON GAY SCENE, MORE AFTER THE BREAK, ONLY ON CNN 




 This is how many privatized utilities work and ir works pretty well 




 I don't get why the financial and organizational arms of the church ahven't been shut down. 


They are essentially a criminal gang. Raids on fbi offices. Attempted coup of city govt. 

Massive theft of private info and stalking of political opponents.  




 Daily reminder hassan refused to sign the medical marijuana law if PTSD would be a qualifying condition, if people would be allowed to grow their own medicine, and if there would be more than 4 stores. Asshole.  




 I don't know why republicans don't pass massive tax breaks for people to build fiber/wireless internet for 5years or a decade. 

Like, they could do a tax cut or zero tax thing for small isps building fiber to make the enviornment more competitive and tax friendly. 
 




 Assoles. Bad drivers. Loud. Pretentious.  




 Pro corporate republicans in Mississippi made this giant facility to process the most worthless kind of coal and it is a total white elephant. It has cost more than 300 million for taxpayers, and it has in large part contributed to rate increases.  




 Still had better public transit and less potholes than now 




 Uniforms are deductible right? 









 Fwiw not being discriminated aginst in renting and the workplace are like 100 foldore important than marriage 




 ...which strike more fear into people. Sometimes they work but oftentimes they just make the situation worse.  




 [You have now been banned in /r/Pyongyang] 




 South pile (the brand) 



















 Tutoring kids in math/finance or college students is a great way to make cash. Especially AP students and the like. Or doing act/sat prep.  




 If they drink a few gallons of it yeah. Not if they are spraying it in a tractor.   




 Elon musk plz fund dis 




 You've gotta answer the door naked. Didnt you leaernt he lesson from OP? 




 Renewal Assessment Report: Glyphosate, Volume 1, Report and Proposed Decision", German Institute for Risk Assessment, 18 December 2013, p. 65. Download available from EFSA Provision of documents (registration required):Volume 1, pp. 6466


It is behind a paywall but it found the link tenuous. 


Glophosphate (roundup) DOES have legitimate concerns about overuse and the ubiquity with which it is applied, but it isn't dangerous in the sense that something like lead is. 

Glyophosphate only lasts for like a few hours before it denatutes and becomes harmless, it isn't something that would harm you if someone sprayed it on your food a week before it was harvested. And it isn't sprayed soon before harvest, so a lot of the baseless concerns seem to be ridiculous. 
 




 He would've if it was a black lab.  




 Do you have a source that it causes cancer?

The burden is on you.  




 Nobody cares about muslims, just asshole parkers.  




 That is absolute gold.  




 Or they could just stop being entitled and walk or bike from where they find parking.  




 There is a difference between directingn traffic for a crowd and making special religious rules instead of the secular rules everyone follows 




 It isn't allowed but people donct enforce it.  

It should be enforced. They are impeding traffic. Park elsewhere.  




 But muh special religious rights!!11! 




 He is black and some people are tied into 60s identity politics to give him a pass for everything because of it 



















 [Blackrock Group Intensifies] 









 http://www.cdc.gov/parasites/fasciola/gen_info/faqs.html 




 Hillary has already greased the wheels of power. It isn't too late to stop her though.  




 How long does the shipping take though?  

And I am sure a digital copy would have less of a carbon footprint than a brick and mortar store out in the suburbs.  









 Not to be a spoilsport, but since you are new please understand that safe sex is a must everytime for giving or recieving anal, and that there is never an excuse not to use a rubber.  




 Je ne see pourquoi il there ya rsistance to notre cultural rgime.  




 Lol. National Front is totally antithetical to a violent and marauding foreign policy typical of American Neoconservatives. Same with UKIP. 

The way you speak about the right wing being associated with neoconservativism shows how innacurate your commentary is.  




 Moral relativism much?

Norwegians are as guilty of colonialism and environmental crimes against the planet as anyone else. That is why I vote Greens. We have gotten rich off of evil and carbon based oil. It is pure evil incarnate.  














 [Yiff] 




 It is the closing song in the graduate 




 He worked in a dentist's office for a while, so he started doing it as a way to be ultra hygenic when you are bent over someone's face 














 Nair works well, just use it for a shorter time than reccomended.  




 You can nair your balls easily. Just be sure to put it on for less than the advised time by a few minutes and use a timer. I have done it before and it isn't super complicated.  




 I like girly scents too. "heavy " scents like sandalwood are kind of noxious to me. I much prefer something light that smells pf citrus or lime. I think those are classic scents in my book.  




 Shaving or trimming your armpits makes a huge difference. Even if you just buzz them or scissor trim the hair short, the deodorant can be a lot more effective because it actually touches the skin instead of sitting like a half an inch away on the hair. 

-not indian but lives somewhere sweaty. Try it. 


My mom told me my grandfather always shaved his pits and never had a problem with BO.  




 Denmark has socialism though. It is le best country in the world. Everything (college, food, healthcare) is free. Why would you give that up? 




 It looks good, but you can cut the sides a little and have it look a little neater if you like the look. 

https://ceruleangypsy.files.wordpress.com/2013/12/mens-hair-3.jpg

I like this cut as it is kind of neat while still being much more fun than a traditional cut. If you keep it combed back it looks very handsome. 


I also think something similar to chris hemsworth but a few inches shorter would be a sweet spot. Something like a inch or two shorter than the photo in the back. 

https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-1SZS1DqFBW8/U4nqlW4JCUI/AAAAAAAAFko/2Gw7Acnxsz0/w506-h750/96587_original.gif

I am not sure if it would work on your hair type though 









 That is what all of the opinions end in. Grow up.  




 "we have a meeting with you at 4:30" 




 Is it too forward to write the letter in your car after the interview and leave it with the secretary?  I have often heard that bandied about as a tip.  




 Uh extremist muslims are actively at war with things they dislike, such as jews, cartoonists, whatever segments of liberal society which bother them


When Islamic society tries to force their opinion of gays( like myself) or women, it is time to stand up for liberal european values 




 Yeah this megathread is terriblement 




 [Citation Needed]. 


Almost all terrorist groups or antigovernment rebels have used these tsctics historically 




 Vive le french language! 




 Asian people have smaller stature anyways. I wonder if that warps their opinions a bjt 




 Gerontocracy 




 I'm a pro-gay republican who was recently banned from /r/conservative without reason. They just ban people who aren't following the santorum schtick.  




 Last time it rained heavily and I was on I12 some chucklefuck bulocal policeman flipped his cruiser because he was driving irresponsibly at like 80 in the rain for no reason 




 Pre islam wasn't ignorance. The ancient world was very developed.  




 Shorter on the sides, longer on the top.  









 Louisiana republican here, can confirm nobody likes him 




 CHIPOTLE!  SKATEBOARDS!  SURFING! Will they kill your kids? 




 Look up bromance video parody by bryan hawn on youtub 




 People claim a sorts of wacky cures because of it 




 Ad homenim 




 [Citation] 




 Dilutjon is rhe solution to pollution. Nothing about the idea is radical.  




 I was thinking national lampoon's family vacation to bond villain but same effect.  




 I know this is controversal but I like hulu actually. They have a JAY PEG filter on the videos you watch, so the quality is less overstimulating than the high def commercials in between episodes 




 Try your local library and just burn their cds so you keep a backup 




 Do you even understand the fair housing ruling? 




 Detox?  No such thing. Gluten free shouldn't be pseudoscience.  




 Like flukes? 




 Didn't we decide that the need to get "complete protein" at every meal is mostly bunk? 




 Fruit juice in general but apple juice, cranberry juice, cherry juice, and apple cider vinegar too 




 Drinking water with the noodles can help. Just give it time and stop taking laxatives, drink more water, and exercise.  




 Watch your anonymity this is a small sub.   I would probably delete this 




 Decrowd?  Donct people have a right to assemble under the constitution?  Decrowding is racist, just like we decrowded the indians.  




 Ending the drug war would also probably help rehabilitate neighborhoods and improve property values  




 And 99 other things non home owner 19 year olds think about social issues in our new compendium, "Best of Reddit: 2015!" 




 This happened in memphis as well.  




 I donct get this though. If black people are more poor pn average, in theory every rule could be challanged on equal protection amd disparate impact on minorities. 


Things like having the grass mowed and minimum lots sizes, as well as rules on number of occupants could all be challanged.  




 There is a strong case that they would just be rent seekers and vote for anything that incteased the already disproportionate amount of funds and jobs that go to DC 




 Is this a hate crime?  If someone did this to a statue of a black person the FBI hate crimes division would be there before it hit twitter.  




 Anonymous speech is a vital part of the 1st amendment 




 COMCAST 




 Can't you just have an accurate whois with a bullshit 501 c 3 or a trusteeship or a shell corporation?


It is accurate and legit, just not the ultimate owner 




 /r/jayden 




 Looks like we got an Obama apologist guys.  




 Only Sanders can save us. All le upboats to le Sandman! #FeelTheBern 




 I don't know how to put this tactfully but I'll say it anyways. I think the balding looks less bad when you are ripped. 

Great going on the gains bro.  




 Yeah. I am joking at I got of tobacco by doing meth. Lol 




 Maybe a PhD would be a better option?  


Why are you so against higher education? 




 Repeated bad experiences with Affirmative action is evidence of it being a bad idea.

Nobody (I know) is saying Affirmative action is ineffective for what is ergo black people are bad/terrible. I am not saying that nor is he.  









 I'm on the TINA tobaco cessation program.  




 On amazon you can almost get any book used for less than ten bucks with 3.99 shipping much cheaper than a lot of the prime options. 


Hell, a lot of them are only a penny with 3.99 shipping.  



















 Make sure you have term life insurance and start working on her college fund  




 Have you looked at getting an LLM or doing something to make more income?  Maybe you could each high school with your undergrad degree and make more cash than a public service law job.  




 Oh you watch breaking bad too? 




 What school did you go to? 




 Uh obamacare priviledges the boomers with extra rights while raising rates foe young people. 

We are a gerontocracy.  




 Having more personal savings is better, but you can still presume it will exist in some small form.  




 Or just make all important political/social issues a fractuous battle between a nearly evenly divided society. Yugoslavia turned out well right?


And Israel/Palestine.  




 But my all white private school and ten black kids for photo ops was so fun!  Why do you hate diversity?  /s 




 I don't get what the endgame is. 

I fear instead of minorities being lifted up and society as a whole being more prosperous and better, that there will just be more minorities and the same social problems that exist now at a greater scale.  




 Ffs South Africa has largely disenfranced the political power of those outside of Jacob Zuma and the ANCcs background. Like if a lot more shitty for mixed race, indian people, and immigrants.  




 So we should discount personal experience with a failed affirmagive action system as faulty?


You know the plurality of personal observation is data and totally sound to base opinions on?


There is good evidence that affirmative action is a very ham fisted pokicy that doesn't work all that well 


Affirmative action relplaces discrimination with more discrimination, and mostly benefits upper middle class african americans, not the historically disadvantaged.  




