




 Yes and username mentions too, right /u/carmabound!? 














 Aren't we all:~( 









 This is going to be awesome:

"He says the new lands will increase the parks boundaries by 36 per cent, to 79.5 square kilometres once fully established, making it one of the largest urban parks in North America  19 times larger than Stanley Park in Vancouver and 22 times larger than Central Park in New York City." 









 If this happens, this will be a sweet piece of land:

"He says the new lands will increase the parks boundaries by 36 per cent, to 79.5 square kilometres once fully established, making it one of the largest urban parks in North America  19 times larger than Stanley Park in Vancouver and 22 times larger than Central Park in New York City." 














 But they're more than welcome to join in:~)

*By the way, are you going through Carma withdrawals yet?!* 




 Everyone likes to watch it happen! 




 And smells nice too! 









 It's a great feeling! 









 Well, I packed my bags and bought myself a ticket

For the land of the tall palm tree

Aloha Old Milwaukee, Hello Waikiki

I just stepped down from the airplane

When I heard her say,

"Waka waka nuka licka, waka waka nuka licka

Would you like a lei? Eh?" 


















































































































 Stay safe all! 




 Why ask why? 






























































































 What kind of line is that?! 




  Go fuck yourself sandiego

Where the fuck is Carmen, Sandiego? 




 Good idea, but beware, the spuds have eyes... 




 Never leave your gums uncared for. 









 ...sub Reddit drama around these daze? 




 I'd be more than willing to help. 




 This might surprise me. Every time I've been back, we've pretty much stayed in Town, so I've yet to see this.  




 I thought we both agreed to stop drinking, HR!? 




 Nothing makes me happier than hearing this song and knowing that I'm pau hana! 














  Maybe not the right conditions for jumping Spitting Caves

As a flatlander who used to rent a room out in Portlock, there were *never* the right conditions for me to jump there.

I've been swimming off the rocks, but I kinda feel like I'd snap my neck if I ever tried to dive in from up there. 


































   Even mediocre breakfast/brunch places have long lines.

Yeah, I used to like the "Early Riser Special" at Eggs 'n' Things because it used to be dirt cheap and if you went early enough, you missed the lines. 

They're even in Japan now and I'll never understand why people here think pancakes are a Hawaiian "thing." 




 Not really earth shattering news, but I'll be moving back to Honolulu after bouncing back and forth between Oahu and Tokyo for pretty much the last 10 years.

As you all know, there's a big difference between living on Oahu and just popping back...so what do you think has changed the most in the last 10 years?

 




 There was also [Hawaii Winter Baseball](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hawaii_Winter_Baseball) that started back in the 90's. 




 C'mon.

Be honest.

It's because I'm coming back next month, isn't it? 















































































 Actually, it's only 9am-ish here and I've got quite the busy day. One good thing though, it's kinda cloudy-sunny here and that's awesome 'cause I haven't seen the sun for what seems like months! 



























































 Are we on a 24 hour countdown till your cruise yet? 




 Thank yov? 




 I'm no legal and human rights expert, but *I* want to know how a Winnipeg girl could have been impregnated by her stepfather twice and had two abortions before she was 13, yet not have been deemed a victim of sexual assault. 




 She's got such a great little body... 




 Please join us! Let's make it a threesome! 




