 [S04](/s There's a spoiler in your title.) 




 My laptop has a keypad... so I'm out. 




 Leaving Saturday now, not Friday.  Also taking a nice rental car with AC and Stereo.  Can pick up in the Valley or LA midcity and drop off at BART station in Oakland or take you all the way up to Redway.  We listen to good tunes. Throw in for gas. 




 i'm LA leaving tomorrow and can get you as far as Redway, CA. 




 Why can't you just display the approximate percentage of upvotes on comments like you are doing for links? 




 What makes you say that? 




 I played 5 minutes and I'm really impressed!  I don't have a controller but I think this would work really really well as a two player coop game using the keyboard.  Gonna play through with my gf! 




 OK... it's downloading! 




 Does it work with the Rift? 




 I find this guy more annoying than people giving elaborate demonstrations on how to do trivial things.  If you don't like "lifehack" videos, don't watch them.  And the thing about eating an entire apple is legit and not "dangerous" like this asshat is saying. 




 Nitpicky, but, fair enough. 




 They're an interpretation.  Obviously it is my own personal interpretation and there is no way I can say for sure these ideas had anything to do with the artist's psyche, but still that doesn't make it "bullshit".  There is a collective unconscious and ideas do manifest themselves in poetic ways. 




 *Reposting this comment because it belongs here*

Some ~~psychoanalysis~~ *psychological interpretations* of these dreams:

Little man mowing your facial hair symbolizes man's struggle to tame nature. Just as we trim back the wilderness, the modern man must also strive to tame his own inner beast through the rituals of grooming.


Child's head literally inside the man. The inner child longs to break through and say hello.


Tiny little people escape with your heart. In a world were everything is up for grabs, and we fear the loss of economic stability, our greatest fear is to lose our heart, our humanity.


The invisible bicycle fulfills the wish for mobility and stealth.


Changing the batteries on your hands is a psychological indication that we are moving towards the singularity. Technology is becoming more and more an extension of one's own self. We are witnessing the blurring of the lines of the body and machine.


The camera head man takes photos through a human head. When we constantly see the world from behind a camera lens, it becomes difficult to distinguish which is the tool and which is the operator.
The changing of a head like a light bulb is a similar theme to above.


Bathing in a hot cup of coffee like a nice refreshing swim to wake you up in the morning. We soak and bask in the buzzing of the caffeine-ridden brain, a modern comfort and way of life.


Lugging around your own giant head perfectly exemplifies the conundrum of our left-brain dominated society. We fear we exist too much in the head, and it weighs down our heart. 




 It's a sad state of affairs when we don't allow ourselves to even dream. 




 Some psychoanalysis of these dreams:

Little man mowing your facial hair symbolizes man's struggle to tame nature.  Just as we trim back the wilderness, the modern man must also strive to tame his own inner beast through the rituals of grooming.

Child's head literally inside the man.  The inner child longs to break through and say hello.

Tiny little people escape with your heart.  In a world were everything is up for grabs, and we fear the loss of economic stability, our greatest fear is to lose our heart, our humanity.

The invisible bicycle fulfills the wish for mobility and stealth.

Changing the batteries on your hands is a psychological indication that we are moving towards the singularity.  Technology is becoming more and more an extension of one's own self.   We are witnessing the blurring of the lines of the body and machine.

The camera head man takes photos through a human head.  When we constantly see the world from behind a camera lens, it becomes difficult to distinguish which is the tool and which is the operator.

The changing of a head like a light bulb is a similar theme to above.

Bathing in a hot cup of coffee like a nice refreshing swim to wake you up in the morning.  We soak and bask in the buzzing of the caffeine-ridden brain, a modern comfort and way of life.

Lugging around your own giant head perfectly exemplifies the conundrum of our left-brain dominated society.  We fear we exist too much in the head, and it weighs down our heart. 




 Well.. when I think back about all the time I've spend watching this series, my fondest memories are from the very beginning.  The first episode filled me with awe and wonder at the huge magical world engrossing me. The scope and scale of it were staggering.  Every character was immediately intriguing. I had a friend (a book reader) who would stop every few minutes and explain in a little more detail what was going on.  I was so curious and had so many questions!  I still remember my heart pounding when I saw Bran fall.

I've introduced so many people to this show and I always love rewatching the first few eps. 




 So you weren't already sitting down to watch the episode when they started? 









 Safe limits huh? Tell that to my dental fluorosis. 




 what's interesting about it? 




 OMG, at least credit [the artist](http://therealmcgee.tumblr.com/)! 




 I hope they use it next season when talking about Tywin's death. 




 I hope there is a Tysha reveal in the books.  Maybe Martin will even do it just to spite D D for changing things! 




 How about a third chance?! This book sounds perfect for me! 




 Hello!  I'm looking for some help troubleshooting starting my engine.  First of all, I can rule out the battery, the glow plugs, and the starter.  All are new and just replaced.  I also just attempted to replace the fuel filter because I had a suspicion that the fuel is not flowing properly.  When I got to the step about bleeding air from the fuel by opening the air valve and cranking the engine, nothing came out of the hose.  Any help would be appreciated.  I can take pics and report back as needed. Thanks! 




 Yeah, I've already read the wikipedia article, thanks.  The blog has a link to a ["document"](http://www.jfklancer.com/CIA.html) hosted on a site called jfklancer.com. It's titled "CIA Document 1035-960 Concerning Criticism of the Warren Report".  When you google that all you find are more blog posts, but nothing that indicates that this is an official document. 




 What?  You're the one who made the claim, I'm asking for a source. 




 I've heard this before, and it makes sense, but I can't find a source to back this up. Can you help? 




 (I upvoted you for the reasons you stated above.) 




 Where is the announcement thread? 




 Or Margery pops up and says "Oh look the pie!" 




 Considering that scene is not in the books, it kept me on the edge of my seat as well!
(It's not a spoiler to say something that's NOT in the books right?) 




 No one expec.... ah nevermind. 









 Good question.  Beric was sent out by Ned, but the Brotherhood Without Banners swear allegiance to no king. 




 Yeah, what's happening to Theon after book two is only implied, but not seen in ASOS.  So when they showed all that stuff in Season 3/4 about what was happening to him I was pretty shocked, having only read up to AFFC at the time.  I don't think the "Reek"/Theon thing is mentioned in the books until ADWD. 




 Theon, for one. 




 I don't want 13 episodes and here's why:
They are already plowing through the books (with book 5 plotlines of Daenerys and Theon).  More episodes means more time for them to fill and more invented stuff.  Generally the plotlines that HBO writes are really weak compared to what is in the books.  So more episodes would probably mean more of that stuff.  I don't think they will start including more characters from the books because they are concerned that the show is already too complicated for most people to keep track. 




 ug 




 Show producers should spend more time reading our subreddit to find all their inconsistencies! 




 There already is a thread for show vs. book discussion.  Also the mods posted something recently about how book readers should react to guesses that are correct.  Basically, just ignore them. 




  #samforking 




 I'm not being a D is and this is not just a semantical argument.  If one is interested in driving a "zero emission" vehicle it's probably because they care about their carbon footprint and they have real concerns about their environmental impact.  How the electricity is actually generated is of paramount importance.  The point in the production and distribution of the energy where the fossil fuels are burned (where the emissions happen) is actually the irrelevant thing. 




 This is good, but this article refers to these vehicles as "zero emissions" which is a bit misleading.  Just because there's no tail pipe doesn't mean that nothing is being burned in the process of powering your vehicle.  Considering that [66.5%](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:U.S._2013_Electricity_Generation_By_Type_crop.png) of energy in the US comes from burning fossil fuels, that is what will be powering your car.  Unless of course you're plugged into a solar array, then you're truly driving zero emissions. 




 It is known. 




 Jon's brother, ammarite? 




 That's not really what plot armor is.  Especially not having huge amounts of "power".  Certainly didn't save Robert or Joffery.

I think it's more related to having your character have some kind of story arc that needs completion. 




 According to the wiki:
HBO announced Fortune as playing "Night's Watch Officer", but according to the actor and other sources this is the same role as Bowen Marsh in the books.

In the fourth season Fortune took over the role of Othell Yarwyck, which had been played by Dennis McKeever in the previous seasons. The reason for this sudden change has not yet been explained; or if the characters themselves have been merged. 




 plot twist: cloned GRRM grows up to be Christian Conservative who advocates burning fantasy novels due to pagan nature. 




 A Lannister always pays his debts... bitch!

Winter is coming... bitch!

The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword... yeah bitch!

I'm the mother of dragon!  Bitch.

A girl gives a man his own name? Bitch.

Your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth; bitch.

Make the bad man fly.. BITCH.

Chaos isn't a pit. Chaos is a ladder. (bitch.) 




 Oberyn probably wouldn't be Tyrion's champion if he were fighting Jamie.  He wanted the Mountain dead, not Jamie. 









 OK.. I'm actually only halfway through ADWD so I probably haven't got to that part quite yet. 




 Maisie Williams is actually 17 and only a few months younger than Sophie Turner (Sansa), so she's not quite a little girl. 




 I was slightly confused by Ramsay's treatment of the Iron Islander.  What I inferred from the books is that they were actually fed and given safety.  Did the show deviate from the books by killing them all? 




 Not necessarily true.  At this rate the show is set to pass the books in terms of story.  I know GRRM layed out very broad strokes of what is supposed to happen, but they are not waiting for him.  We are going to have two parallel universes that may only converge at the ending. 




 Great interview, thanks! 




 Came here for LITERALLY THIS! 




 wut the even fuck? 




 Well... to be far, he said he wears green to match his eyes, because green goes very well with blue!  Renly has quite the sense of color. 




 I know this might sound strange, that the solution to your problem might be another drug, but have you ever tried Ayahuasca?  I've heard of people spontaneously quiting cigs and other drugs after just using it once in a ceremonial setting.

Besides that, the most important thing is that you want to change.  At the end of the day, you have control over your own body and that is a very good thing.  Keep a journal of your progress and be proud of yourself when you manage to control yourself! You will get through this, because it's what you want and what you know you need. 









 Short answer: no.
Waste of time. 




 Ha 




 It would be a lot easier to just pour the contents of one can into the other. 




 I just watched it last night! i get the reference! i get the reference! 




 I really doubt they will start doing flashbacks now.  They can just mention the prophecy in dialogue. 




 Yes, you're right. It's all about having fun.  Still, I want to get better. 




 Yeah of course, reddit. Downvote this. Can't have people you know, thinking critically about what they are eating, challenging the status quo and all that. *yawn* 




 [Highly relevant](http://www.theverge.com/2014/4/28/5661920/living-with-lag-oculus-rift-experiment-video) 




 I feel like it's training me to move quickly and impulsively instead of thinking deeply about a position. 




 My correspondence play rating: ~1800

My long play rating: ~1500

My blitz rating: ~1200

My bullet rating: ~950


I know speed chess is ruining my game, but I'm addicted to the rush! 









 What a stupid system that depends upon people breaking the law to enforce the law. 




 [This illustration](http://awoiaf.westeros.org/index.php/Salladhor_Saan) in the wiki shows him as black, but I just searched the books and I don't think his skin color is ever mentioned. 




 Ah, yes, this definitely did not happen in the books, which is why I couldn't remember it. 




 What do you mean like Salladhor?

Wasn't he black in the books as well? 




 Why is Melisandre on there? When did she even meet her? 




 This one really was much better. The etching really helps bring out it's wolfiness. 




 Who's going to feed Robin his milkies now? He's a growing boy! 




 I can't get the brace to fit no matter what I do.  It seems like it's a few milimeters too long. Maybe the new alt is slightly different?  I'm thinking about taking off a little bit with a rotary tool.  What do you think? 




 Well. I've tried and tried and I cannot get the brace to go in.  If I put the front side in first, the back side doesn't fit, and vice versa.  I'm about to grind of a few milimeters from the end with a rotary tool.  Just want to make sure I'm not doing something stupid. 




 There's no audio system but this is an RV.  There are lights and things attached to the battery but I want to eventually move those to a second internal battery to be charged by solar panels. 




 Thanks. Do I have to attach the brace to the alt before I bolt it in or can I put the bolt through and then screw the brace on to the back of the Alt? 




 Ok, I had to cut off the connector on my old alt because it was melted into it and solder on a new one.  I have 3 issues left to finish this up!

1. I managed to get my shiny new alternator in, except for this piece (the 3rd image down).  It goes underneath the alt with the long bolt going through it and screws on to the back, I guess to give it more support.  This is probably a dumb question, but how important is this?  It was really hard to get it to go on properly.

2.  I think the belt is a little too loose because that gear below it does not spin when the belt is moving.  It seems almost impossible to get the belt tighter by swiveling the alternator.  Tips?

3. I also replaced the battery and when I went to connect it again there is this 3rd wire (that I'm holding in the picture).  I know this was connected to the negative terminal but I'm really not sure how.  Can I put it in with the other stranded wires? Oh yes, and it starts up fine without it connected, but I'm sure it should be.

OK, thanks for helping everyone.  Really looking forward to having this finished successfully. 









 When you want it NOW. 




 Kind of ruined it for me.  I found it much funnier when it was a couple of racist slurs interspersed with a bunch of random silly words. 




 I got the alt off and I'm working on those connections now.  [Picture](http://imgur.com/Lf1YPGm)  Which direction do I need to pull that plastic tab to remove it?  Towards the wires or up? 




 Ok. I was able to get all the bolts and belt off.  All that's left is to remove these electrical connectors.  This is the part I really don't want to screw up.  [Check out this pic](http://imgur.com/Lf1YPGm).
As you can see there are two connectors. Which direction do I need to pull the one with the plastic tab? Thanks for your help! 




 OK I put the info above.
I so wish I had a manual to follow.. 




 [Follow up post here.](http://www.reddit.com/r/MechanicAdvice/comments/25hxr8/need_help_removing_an_alternator_see_comments_for/) 




 OK.. So, in a previous post you guys helped me get the shroud off to get to the alternator. Awesome.

Now I'm struggling to get the alternator itself out.  I know I need to take that belt off, and I know I need to remove at least one electrical connector.  I completely removed the bolt that seemed like it would allow it to swivel, but it still won't budge.  The second bolt I can see is actually blocked by the belt itself.

Should I just try to stretch the belt enough to get a wrench to that second bolt?  Will it then swivel so I can loosen and remove the belt?

How about the electrical connector?  I'm not sure how to remove it and I don't want to damage it.

Thanks everyone!

EDIT: This is a 1984 DIESEL Chevy G30 









 Thanks. I was able to get the shroud off! Woohoo. Now I can actually see the alternator.  Now I'm having trouble removing THAT of course.  I'll make another post...

FYI, I didn't have to remove anything, I just pushed the house hard enough that it got out of the way. 




 I need to remove the fan shroud to replace the alternator which has gone bad.  I unscrewed all the bolts from the fan shroud but I still can't get it out because of that thing in the way.  Any tips would be appreciated. Thanks! 









 [Send her this link](http://www.longwood.edu/CLEANVA/ciglitterarticle.htm)

Cigarette butts are the most common form of plastic litter on the beaches of the U.S. and world-wide. Toxic chemicals can leach out of the cigarette filters.


Cigarette filters may look like cotton, but are made of cellulose acetate, a plastic that is slow to degrade in the environment. Cigarette filters are specifically designed to accumulate particulate smoke components including toxic chemicals. 




 How long would it take Stannis to sail from Dragonstone to Bravos?  This is a deviation from the books and I'm wondering how it fits into the chronology. 




 Well.  I'll just see myself out.. 




