
































































   they just want attention.

They think they have a god given right to attention.   I'm sure they write angry letters to the TV Networks demanding to know why they aren't regularly interviewed on the morning and late night talk shows.   





























 Pretty simple and straight forward interpretation.   The author of it is admitting that he's an idiot who doesn't know what he is talking about.   Of course, he's not aware of that, but then...  he's not aware of a lot of things.   
























 I think I'm going to wait to read a recap of the recap threads.  




 And moderators are more evil than were Bormann, Himmler, Heydrich, Goebbels or even Hitler.   But Gring was really evil, cause he was over weight.   Reddit has it's standards to uphold after all.  




 Maybe they are /u/Warlizard's.   




 And hating moderators who work for evil Jewish Space Lizards.    
























 I would gladly pay the admins for their trouble.    $6.73 and an old 386 DX 40 motherboard to the admin who makes it happen.   




 It's even a rather simple and straight forward thing to get unshadow-banned.  All one has to do is say to the admins "I'm sorry, I won't do that again.  Please give me a second chance".   Sure, the admins probably won't give them a 17th chance, but 2nd and 3rd chances are not unusual for the admins to grant.  

The problem with most of the people babbling about conspiracies are that they never think they go too far.   Since calling the parents of school shootings victims and accusing them of being actors doesn't cross a line for them.... that just means breaking a few the rules of Reddit isn't going to cause them any moral qualms in the least.   




 It also sounds like the Christians who always talk about the non-existent war-on-Christmas.    Cause the holiday that controls something like ~half the American economy is in danger of being over shadowed by something else.   Probably the evil Sierra Club and Arbor-day.   



















 This whole scandal is about the ethics in lying.   




 Big SJW take over.   So efficient that nobody noticed.   Now it's time to unleash the ultimate weapon.   Yes, that's right, unless the admins ban /r/conspiracy we're going to order HBO to NOT show the season finale of Game of Thrones.     

















































 Admins can do whatever they want with regards to the site. If you don't like it, leave.

Hey, we're not going to get this wish.  They will never leave.  Instead they will just bitch and throw a fit for.... as long it's interesting to them.   As soon as a new cat video comes along, they'll watch that and not leave.   

Yes, they should leave.  For the love of all that is both holy and unholy they should leave.   But we're not going to get that lucky.    




 As always, I trust your judgement, Jax.   




 I tend to think that the real question centers more around my immorality.   




 It just means I'm old and senile.  



















 Well, I get paid a fine [weekly stipend](http://i.imgur.com/XLvn125.jpg) by my Mossad masters to mod.     Sure, they're a little cheap but at least they pay every Saturday after Temple Service.   




























































































































 It's all the same youtube channel.    




 Fellow history moderators, keeping me down.   In the basement dungeon.    




 I'm a golden spam fighter from the pits of hell! 



















 Everyone knows you have to mention her lawsuit three times before she appears and eats the heart of whoever invokes the memory of her lawsuit.   

Pao's lawsuit. 

Pao's lawsuit. 

Pao's lawsuit. 

But I'm safe.  I don't have a heart.   









 Man,  you should just come clean with all of Reddit, AL.    Admit it.   You are Taylor Swift.   




 Add in the fact that anyone is the same position, who could make a similar demand for large compensation for job, just about everyone would also want to be paid as much as possible.   Most of those people are only mad about it out of envy.    
































































 Those weren't using small rocks.   They were big rocks.  



















 [I'm](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47DfQcHMYLY) so veclement at the moment.   Toodaloo.   





































































 #ALWAYS PRESS IT! 




 I think it was three years ago, Reddit was down for almost two days.    We barely survived.   











































































































































