 I don't if this is an acceptable comment in TIL, but thank you for the article. I've seen the movie, but this was a well-written piece that had a much different tone than the movie does. I've never considered the action myself, but living in the Bay area we all know someone who has. 




 What are you currently riding? I commute an hour give or take on a Bandit 1250, but I expect you'd be riding something way more badass, like one of the Kwakers from Mad Max, right? 




 I've personally seen it be either persons fault on this exact same path, numerous times. Lot's of heat between hikers and cyclists on that hill. 




 Ergo Sport. It's straps are bigger, for some reason (I thought sport models were more svelte..?) but that's the only one that worked for me and we sound like we share similar traits. If that doesn't work for you, I'm out of suggestions, but if you look into forward-facing, remember to get something that holds the baby's hips out, not something that let's their legs dangle straight down, that's how they end up with baby dysplasia. And don't worry too much about carriers for a bit anyway. They're light, and you'll want to hold them in your arms as much as possible anyway (since mothers are greedy and you won't get nearly as much holding time as you'd like.) 




 I've seen this done on the trail without the trail of ether. Much more dangerous than this guy safely seating the bead on a home mounted offroad tire. 




 Coming from Kansas City, I have to know, what is a BBQ Terrace? 




 That's just what the internet knows him for, but from what I've heard he's a pretty smart dude.

 




 Or Jesus. 




 In the wiki article they note that it made a good laser target. Maybe that? 




 Thank you for the laugh. 




 This is what has me most concerned. I've been learning the MEAN stack because the company I work for would like us to produce a desktop-like app that will run in the browser to go alongside a scientific instrument that we produce and I thought Angular was the way to go from the reading I had done four-five months ago. It would be nice if someone could put me at ease that all of my learning and work isn't going to go out the window (or hasn't already) because the framework choice I've made is going to be outdated in another two or three months. 




 I've never skydived, so I'm speaking from complete ignorance. But how do you not notice that you're about to crash into the ground. For like, 10 seconds I kept waiting for the reserve to open because even I was thinking, 'Wow, all that stuff on the ground looks really big and clear.' 




 I don't know how to answer that. I have a wonderful wife and we've done remarkably well at having at least one of us stay positive at a time, mainly because the one not getting worn out can see when the other is wearing out and we just take over.

For a while my wife was working nights, and it was also when we were trying to sleep train my daughter. Those were hard, being alone, my daughter screaming bloody murder in the other room and me on my last nerve. I just got through it. So did she. When things get real bad just remember, it's okay to put them safely in a crib, close the door and take a break for ten or twenty minutes. Even when they're screaming their head off. Better you take a break than it get past that point of no return and something horrible happens. Plus, up until 2 or 3 years old they'll never remember the horrible, screaming filled nights that you left them alone until they figured out how to sleep and stay asleep. They don't remember much at that age actually.

I would never condone anyone ever hurting a child, never. I look at my babies and want to only protect them from the crap of the world. But I also could see how when you're tired, haven't slept more than a few hours a night for a couple weeks, and alone and they're screaming and it seems like it will never stop that lines get crossed. Remember to take a breath and that everything will be fine in the end. If it get's too hard, shoot me a PM. 




 Exceptionally bad all over. The freeways in the East and North bays (I commute from Fremont to Novato) we're all nasty. Everyone heading out of town, either to Tahoe, or north towards Napa/Sonoma.  




 Not just city traffic, 880, 80, 580, and 101 were all the same as this on the way home this afternoon.  




 I've never seen easy-peasy written like that. I'm totally stealing that. 




 Actually one in 7 billion would be 0.000000000143% 




 A heartbeat. That is the 100% factual amount of time it would take for me to pre-order this game. 




 Yeah, I sort of see your point. But, this guy was obviously making a move. And when you turned back the first time, I could clearly see the anger he was putting out there. He was obviously already peeved about something and no way were you going to slow him down. 

This is the part I don't get, because I commute on a motorcycle and when I'm lane-sharing I always back down when I see cars and trucks making their move. They're going to put the metal out there, regardless of what I do. But all the videos I see of cyclists are the same thing, ride it out until the last possible moment and than do something about it while cussing the driver. I'll ride 40 mph between a two rows of stopped cars, but you cyclists, you got big balls. 




 Perfectly reasonable? How in the world does the cyclists reaction solve anything, at all? It doesn't and it is likely to cause more harm than good any way you look at it.

If someone cuts me off while I'm in my car, I don't reach out and slap their car, I honk my horn to alert them that they just pulled a bonehead maneuver. If someone cuts me off while I'm on my motorcycle, again, I keep my hands to myself, there are horns on these things for a reason. If someone cuts me off while riding my bike, I definitely keep my hands off of them. If they were willing to look directly at me and than try and kill me anyway, I definitely don't want to piss that guy off. 

Don't get me wrong, I think the cyclist was completely in the right. The driver saw him, was either upset that he'd been stuck behind the cyclist for a few blocks, or is just a dick that wanted to get around him, and than pulled a completely ridiculous move and could have caused serious harm to the cyclist. But 'perfectly reasonable' is not the phrase I would use to define his reaction. Pissed-off, justifiable, brave. These are all words that I would use to describe this, but reasonable would never make that list. 




 There's humpback whales in the bay? 




 That was a Golden Gate Transit. I've sat next to that guy before. /s 




 We ran into Brad Pitt on a Duc in the Ozarks many years ago.  




 Ever been around children or toddlers? How'd she do? I have a big, fenced backyard, and a daughter who absolutely loves dogs, we're just missing the dog. 




 Poo explosion, leaking out of the diaper, on the couch. Get her naked, dunk her in the tub, shits in the tub. Get her out of the tub, rinse off with sprayer from the kitchen sink. Set her down for four seconds so you can wash the shit off your hands, shits on carpet. You know, lovable stuff like that. Actually, that stuff makes you just laugh once you get through it. The worse parts are the times when they're in pain, when they're sick, when there's nothing you can do except hold them and hope they feel better soon. It's the hopelessness that gets to me sometimes. 




 Parked in a handicapped spot without a tag in the middle of a snow and ice storm? Sounds like a reason to break their windows out. You showed much more restraint than I would've. 




 Not sure what he's talking about. Just bought thin mints, two rows of 18 cookies each. 




 My daughter went from crying as we dropped her off, to crying as we picked her up and left in slightly less than a week. Children quickly adapt, especially at that age, and especially once they realize how much fun it is.  




 Father of multiple children and another on the way. Don't worry about any of it. Do what comes naturally. Times will seem bad sometimes, than they will seem like they can't get any worse, than they will get worse. Then something magical will happen, like when my 16 month looked up at me at the end of dinner, and instead of just pushing all of her remaining food onto the ground, she clearly and concisely said for the first time ever, "All done," and you will instantly feel better about all of the bad times. And than she will push all of her remaining dinner onto the floor. 




 Thanks man, going to Home Depot tomorrow. 




 Is that a learning tower from somewhere, or did you make it yourself? 




 The Crow is generally thought of as a trickster in Native American storytelling. Sounds about right. 




 This is almost as cool as the dual-sport Ascot a buddy of mine rides up and down the passes in CO.

Naw, I'm just pulling your leg, this is awesome. Even without the turbo, it's still a well sorted ride.  




 Anyone know if you can turn off HUD in Titanfall or Dying Light? 




 You're talking about Ghost's and Goblins, right? 




 Throwback to the original, which I loved when I was a kid, so yeah, I dug it. Still play it when I'm bored. 




 Mine downloaded fine. Installed without a hitch. Also uninstalled just fine 30 minutes later.  




 We were always careful with her around stairs and held hands, made sure she realized what stairs were and where they were at. Plus she fell off the couch a few times once she started climbing up that so she knew what an 'edge' was and what happened if she fell off of it. So, we've found that when she approaches stairs, she holds her hand out to us and puts her other hand on the railing and only goes down when she's got ahold of both. 




 I do seriously miss those moments with my 16 month old. But, for our own sanity she had to start using the crib, it was getting ridiculous. I take guilty pleasure when she wakes up in the middle of the night screaming bloody terror and I get to rock her back to sleep in the glider.  




 I may be part of the minority, but when my daughter became mobile wh put in plug covers and locked one cabinet containing all the poison's. Other than that we gave her free roam of the house. She's now 16 months and has only had a few bumps and bruises and does just fine navigating the house with impunity. And if she wants to explore the skillet and pan cabinet, or pull all of the towels out of the closest, she can. She get's caught and has to help put them all back, which she does. It's worked for us, YMMV. 




 Don't know where you're at, but if you happen to live in Marin county, there's always [this](http://justplaygrounds.com/) next time. Could save you some driving around time and the whole getting out and than back into the carseat mess. 




 Dead brake light? Looks like this idiot never even touches his brakes. Maybe since it was a stolen bike he didn't know where they were...? 




 Leonard Part 6? 




 Are you kidding? I mean, I just told you. 




 When it's located within walking distance of our work, how unsafe is it for work? 




 Holy hell. I thought I had seen it all when I spent my first New Years hanging out in bar's in the Mission. But this, wow. 




 She also has no issue slandering other people if it get's her point across. Case in point, she has on her FB a picture calling out the father of the child with leukemia who spoke out against anti-vaxxers in Mill Valley a rep for Glaxo-Smith Kline, which is a complete fabrication.  




 Her public Facebook page reveals a lot about her stance on vaccination, slandering innocent people, and the Dr's that she chooses to associate with. This article, while it does explain that the media may have blown a passing comment out of proportion should in no way be used as evidence that this woman is not an anti-vaxxer or not a complete lunatic. Need more evidence, this idiot is the reason my 16 month old daughter was forced to remain quarantined in the house for two weeks while we waited to hear whether or not her children infected our entire playgroup.  




 You obviously don't read much past the article and believe whatever put in front of you. The "Dr's" who "advised" this woman are supporters of the [National Vaccine (mis)Information Center.](http://www.nvic.org/) Have a read, it's worth a laugh, until you realize that thousands of these people support this insanity. This woman is no advocate for those few people who medically should not receive vaccinations. She's a lunatic, spreading slander and crying wolf. 




 Funny, a quick glance at her public Facebook page shows how she does exactly the same thing to the father of the child with leukemia who spoke out against the anti-vaxxer crowd in Mill Valley. Please don't fall prey to the media's backpeddling, they may have blatantly misspoke about the measles parties, but this woman is no saint. Try reading more than the article, do a little research yourself. This woman supports the NVIC (National Vaccine Information Center) a not-so subtle cover of a group that's out promoting the anti-vaccination party line. The "Dr's" that are "advising" her to not have her children vaccinated are Dr's like [Dr. Joseph Mercola](http://vaccines.mercola.com/).

People like this woman are not the victims that they would have you believe. They are the problem. 




 Yes yes yes. Coincidentally, this same poor woman who's entire family is struck down with this rare disorder that medically prevents them from getting vaccinated is also out spreading mis-information about the father of the child with leukemia who petitioned the Mill Valley School Board to get unvaccinated kids out of school in an attempt to defame him. Funny how a woman that speaks out about media skewing the truth has no problem jumping aboard any slander campaign that comes along, especially if it makes her look slightly less crazy. 

Do a little research on the subject of the article for a change. This lady is as Marin as they come, and I don't mean that in a nice way. Her, and her nurse friend had my 1 year-olds entire playgroup locked up in quarantine for a week while we waited to find out if those retarded assholes had infected us all. 

She is as anti-vaccine, anti-school, and anti-establishment as they come. I weep for her children knowing that they'll both likely grow up to be as fucked in the head as she is. 




 I read this in Dr. Emmett Brown's voice from Back to the Future. 




 I thought it was one of those find the difference pictures that my daughter plays with. 




 I miss my wee-strom with TKC's. 




 This is the stuff nightmares are made of.  




 Different rear tires, different license plates, one on the left is rocking the twin solid front rotor while the other one doesn't seem to have a front brake. Can confirm, different bikes. 




 Don't know why you're getting downvoted. I agree 100%. It's not worth $40, that's for sure. I'll wait till the price drops.  




 I suspect you are looking for Mr. Lincoln, not Ford. 




 Any other Dad gamers out there? 

I play Titanfall, BF4, Sniper, Dying Light.

GT:GOATRper 




 No problem, wanted to tell you before the less nice people came along.

Edit: For what it's worth I think your site and eBook are great. 




 I think you should consider reviewing the Advertising, Self-Promotion, and Spam section of this subs [guidelines.](http://www.reddit.com/r/javascript/wiki/index) 




 That looked like an amazing sportsing. The guy with the stick sportsed the ball good, but the guy catching the ball was obviously sportsing much harder. Good job my new favorite sportsers because you're winning. 




 I like it, found some new track to listen to, and an artist I'd never heard of. Thanks. 

Also, do you have a source for the movie that the gunship animation was from? 




 Does anyone else feel queasy and kind of ready to throw up a little when you watch someone this drunk? 




 I've never played any of the Just Cause series games, or any games from Avalanche Studios. From the response here and in /r/gaming I'm assuming this is a studio we can trust? 




 It's not a show it's Digiorno 




 Plus, no xbox in sight anywhere. 




 It feels unnatural, I'll give you that. But it can be done, I won't ever swap the bars on my Bandit for clip-ons, it's just too nice on long trips, but when hitting the twisties, they're not a determent, it just takes some getting used to. 




 Sense is coming to Marin. So nice to see that things have gotten to where we need to parade sick kids around before people listen to sense. 

Don't get me wrong, I'm fully in support of doing it if that's what it takes, just sad that that's really what it takes. 




 Yep, that's what the fast guys would always lecture me about. 




 We always called them gutter punks. Or am I thinking of something different? The ones in KC always had a pit bull with them. In fact, I once met a minivan full of them that were traveling from LA to Boston in this shitty Astro-van and their dog had puppies the day before. In the van. That was what hammered home to me that it was a lifestyle I would never want. I'm glad these pictures came out and reinforced my decision. 




 I was going to leave early for work to get a little stuff done before the rest of the team showed up and slowed me down. Instead I am going to wait for my 16-month old daughter to wake up and hug her. 




 Move your head to the inside. Imagine your head being where your mirror is. 




 I thought to myself, self, no way this is still a thing, I mean, I remember watching this in 2007 after learning about it from a Windows XP forum. 

Hey, fancy that, it still exists. Self, you're such an idiot sometimes. 




 That ship's not over 1,000 feet long. Each one of those cargo containers is 40 feet long and I count 20 rows, so 800 feet in containers, plus a little bit on each end. That plus the crew area near the middle, it's maybe 850-900 feet long, but not over 1,000. 




 Rickrolls don't work when I have to watch a commercial first.  




 Wow, never saw this reply, sorry. 

You can stay in the state machine architecture and decouple your UI from your code. Storing your relevant variables in FGV's is one way, however, storing it in the private data of an object is even better. Start looking for ways that you can build objects in your code and use them store relevant variables, settings, etc... in the object. 

The actor framework is cool because it is a state machine. It's just built into an object and a little hidden. But's it's still a state machine. So, if you have a process in those while loops that fits a state machine architecture, than it's already an actor, you just need to build an API for it and go. 




 That's your problem. System fonts. The scourge of designers everywhere. What is a system font on your computer is different on another computer and likely even different on your own computer in and out of the development environment. It's because the system font goes and asks Windows what to use for a font and sizing. Windows gives back the font that's been selected, along with the size that being used. Don't use system font. Specify a font, like Ariel, etc... Choose something that's system agnostic and you'll never have problems again, regardless of your .ini settings. 




 There's still a DASYLab forum at NI.com, [here](http://forums.ni.com/t5/DASYLab/bd-p/50)

Not sure if you knew, but NI bought up DASYLab a few years ago.

 




 Great, glad I could help. 




 But then they go black and never go back.  




 Yep, that was it. I guess this is a better explanation than he was being a dick. 




 I'm not quite sure I follow what you're attempting to do, but to answer the question here. The easiest and most straightforward way to read/write a cluster from/to file is to use the MGI add-on "Read/Write Anything" which you can find in VIPM. This gives you a human readable .ini file format. Although, I myself prefer JSON or XML, but that's not the question here.

Back to the topic though. Let me re-state the problem to see if I understand. Your team's robot has a number of values stored in an .ini file. You need to read these values from the file on startup and than use those values in approximately 45 places all over the code. Is that the gist of it? 




 I've seen this a number of times now since moving to the bay area four years ago. CHP officer way our in front of traffic, going about 25 or 30 miles an hour and weaving across all lanes, I saw one this morning heading northbound on 880 while I was heading southbound. I figured they did it to slow traffic because of an accident up ahead, however, this morning, I hadn't seen any accident north of where I saw the officer weaving. 

Any other reason they would do this? 




 I think what you're looking for is [this.](http://labviewwiki.org/Functional_global_variable)

Use a functional global holding a cluster of your .ini values. Read from the functional global where you need to. You can even replace the Set case with an Init case that does the reading from the file so you don't inadvertently overwrite your values. Let me know if this doesn't make sense and I'll throw together a quick VI showing what I'm talking about. 




 I was scared to click on the Aphex Twin, knowing them. Regretted it instantly. 




 Something it also has in common with my house. 




 Yes, because this was a 'little' mistake. 

He almost collided head on with another vehicle while speeding, making an unsafe and unlawful pass, than ran up an embankment and took the cheapest flying lessons they offer. 

Sure, that was a little mistake.  




 Wear a respirator or sell cars?

Edit: Awesome picture by the way. She's beautiful and we can all see how much you love her. 




 The reactionary side of me thinks that people who choose to exercise their personal belief exclusion should be exposed on some public list, similar to those that are on the sex offender registry. They have chosen to endanger society with their beliefs and the rest of us should be made aware of who and where these people are. 

The realist in me knows how 1984 (the book, not they year) this kind of thinking is and just wishes that group of individuals would instead choose to put more effort into revealing all the facts to themselves about vaccinations rather than just the ones that support their own belief system. 




 Holy shit that guy is annoying as fuck. 




 Tony Scott definitely had his moments. I've got a daughter now and recently lost my dad, so the cheesy stuff probably hits me a little harder now than it used to, but the emotional ride of this movie gets me right in the feels. And getting to watch, what I consider, one of the better revenge-films killing sprees in the genre, is always fun. The cast is sometimes painful to watch, let's be honest, Marc Anthony's acting chops are no better than his music chops, but despite the rough patches this movie still delivers for me. 




 Don't be sorry. Be proud. Someone's opinion has to be at the bottom. 




 Sysops. Blech. 

/s

I'm just kidding, I love you guys, so long as my interwebs is working and I don't catch grief because I decided to turn off every last vestige of a firewall on my business laptop. 




 If their phones were working, why not, you know, call their friends? 




 I understood all that perfectly. I must have learned German sometime. 




 Ah, alright Novato, we don't put up with that nonsense. 

Edit: A word. 




 I'm not quite sure how to read this, but we either don't accept that kind of mess in Novato or we're some of the worst offenders. 




 The news report I saw said the students had placed a Palestinian flag out. Doesn't seem like our typical, race war against cops protest. 




 This, 100%. Why not just let that film end the way it should have. [Spoiler](#s "Did Jamie Foxx have some clause that he wouldn't do it if they killed him off?") 




 This is actually how I understood math when I was learning it in grade school, and that was way before the Make 10 strategy existed. I just thought it was easier to get to the round base 10 number and go from there. 




 Thank you for this. Back in 2007 I spent some time in Belgium and Holland and was introduced to a lot of French rappers and hip-hop artists. When I came back to the U.S. finding their material was pretty tough and I quickly forgot about them. This video reminded me of how much I dig listening to French rap, despite not knowing a single word of French. 




 You've done a lot of things right with your code from a cleanliness perspective, and it would be easy to hand this code off to someone else and they could probably figure out what is doing what with minimal effort. 

However, from an architecture standpoint, there's a lot that could be done to improve efficiency, re-use, and test-ability. Currently, you can't test any of the loops independent of one another, so your functions are tightly coupled to one another. It also seems like all of your loops are tightly coupled to front panel controls. So changing something on the front panel intrinsically means changing something in one of your loops. 

A perhaps better design might be to implement each of those loops as a standalone 'module' that may use data passed into it from the front panel controller, but isn't reliant on it. Than you can simulate the data into each module so you can unit test the module without having to have a front panel or camera or whatever. Than, each time your engineering team decides to change something you can implement the changes internally, unit test, than deploy it without having to take down the test system. 

Also, if you ever change hardware, as long as your API of your module never changes your top-level system code never needs to change. You just build a new module, drop it into place. 

You are at a great place to begin considering expanding your LabVIEW toolbox. Start looking into to how classes work. Maybe begin exploring how some OOP frameworks are implemented like the Actor Framework. Like I said at the top, this is good, and it works, which makes it even better. But, it's complicated, and tightly coupled everywhere. You've built a very nice looking house of cards, but unfortunately it's still a house of cards. It's time to begin to explore how to build a strong foundation for your house, and how to make it's rooms more modular so you can remove or change one without the whole thing coming down. 




 Thank you so much, because now I know, that out there in this crazy mixed up world, there are people just like me. People who can never again see or hear the term, "No ragrets," without seeing it or hearing it like that. 




 [There's always this version of it](http://youtu.be/LArygQ6I7Vc?t=1m27s) 




 A lot of times they ride to those parking lots without license plates doing stand-ups while going down the highway at 70+ mph. This guy here, he's just trying out for the Calamari race team. Sad that he's not gonna get a spot. 




