 What if you make it so that the rebel leader kills the civilians,making it look as if the agents did it?It would buff up the rebels morale,and add depth to the short 




 Bro,girl to the left is mia lina,atleast if my memory still serves me well 




 After 2 years of casually playing team fortress 2,i gave it a try to actually play seriously,and not for fun...Truth be told,it was quite interesting thinking about the game for the first time and developing harder strategies. 




 Must say,thats pure crap from them. 




 I think i should have gotten them already,but there are no points in sight.Also,maybe that was US only? 




 My GT is Dr Von Foster,feel free to add me if you want to play some times :) I have Halo reach,Halo 4,Fable 2,MK vs DC,Dead Island,All those free games from Live and Forza 3.Of course,we can all just always play happy wars :) 




 Ah i see.In serbian it litteraly translates to bottom,like the bottom of a pit,rather than down.But given the context,i see how they use it 




 A windrunner waving to a drow ranger,which is facepalming due to...windrunner being extremely 'interesting' 




 http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/03/Flag_Blank.svg there you go :) 




 By far the best Windrunner response http://www.dota2wiki.com/images/0/0e/Wind_attack_06.mp3 




 doesnt dno() stand for bottom?Might mean as in bottom tier player,as far as i know 




 No,sorry 




 629 




 Hya all!Keys are preffered,im not looking for eggs nor greevils,and try to offer on this thread,but Pming is cool too.Cheers! 




 Hey its cool bro,good luck 




 Interested in tf2 or dota items?Or magicka? 




 Sony trinitron...is that the one with big speakers on left and right ends?I think i used to own one 




 Got the Kimono of the Ebony Tower,What would you offer for it? 




 Hey man,random question,whats the going price for a soul reaper?Just dropped for me and i have no idea what to sell it for 




 Ill take the bb deal,never really have the time to use those honestly.Add me 




 Whats your price on each of them? 




 For what?Also got a random add from a person offering 2 eggs for my Call of dendrochreon,was i right to turn that offer down? 




 Hya!So im looking mostly for eggs,but id also like if someone could tell me what their common price is.Also everything is free to go and up for trade,just offer me here before adding on steam.Im going to sleep now,ill check out the offers in the morning.Cheers!

http://steamcommunity.com/id/LordLuka7/inventory/ 




 Dude.Crimson dlc is 6v6 




 Doctor Von Foster
Natural Selection 2
Happy holidays mate :) 




 you happen to be trading/giving away some of those?
 




 Great,thanks for answering so quickly 




 So during diretide,i have recieved an egg and didnt infuse it with any essences.After some time,i have forgotten about it,eventually leading to its expiration.So my question is,do the eggs still drop im game like in diretide?And are there any specific ways to get them,like winning the greeviling(didnt prove as such for now) if yes? Thanks in advance,Doc 




 I got a call of the dendochreon for furion just a couple of minutes ago from a nice gift.Furion being my all time favorite hero,this made my day! 









 Hey man,you interested in trading your keys for metal?
 




 Well it mostly depends really.Its not a mistake using either,good luck with your purschase :) 




 Nah,sorry im only looking for metal.Plus as far a i read on the spreadheet,its 3 ref 




 I have a genuine war head.Does that change the price? 




