 Hello, fellow English major! I suggest grabbing some graphic novels or books to distract you for a bit. Maybe join a club at school or a sports organization.  




 Before I moved into my college dorm (total roommates: 4) I was really worried about moving in with a bunch of people I didn't even know very well. I thought I would have issues communicating or getting along with them but two years later and I am still doing fine. Not so surprisingly, adapting to people becomes much easier when you spend a lot of time with them. After the initial getting to know you phase you will gradually become more comfortable with your roommate. At first you may feel frustrated and desire alone time, but as you become more adjusted into dorm life, things will generally feel more comfortable to you. Thankfully, if you need more alone time you can find it on your own either outside the dorm or within it. Most likely, you and your roommate will have separate schedules so you are bound to have some privacy or quiet time. Interactions-wise, I would participate in getting to know your neighbors since this is a beneficial and fun- relationship. If you want the full college experience you need to be social to a certain agree so dont be afraid to get out there, even if you feel uncomfortable. Clubs, dorm events, and activities on campus are great ways to get to know and meet people.. To be a better dorm partner, I would be respectful and considerate of all things. Talk about house rules the moment you guys have a chance to, and stick to them as well as you can. Open communication (in a friendly manner) will make both you and your roommate happier. If you have a bad dorm partner approach them about the issue or talk to someone who works for residential services. I suggest the former because most issues can be worked out through communication. Good luck!

 




 What inspired you? 




 This was super interesting but.. family was spelled wrong in the visual representation. 




 I was thinking casinos, fancy clubs, yachts, and of course auctions. 




 My sister had a similar (though hilarious) experience like this. So, my mom, sis   I are out at a pizzeria (we have more of these in Jersey than stop signs) when my sister starts choking a particularly stringy piece of a cheese calzone. My mom   I are sitting across from her and the TV is over her head. Anyway, my sister calls for my mom and what does she say? 
Give me a minute, I wanna see this. It must've been 3 or 4 "mom!" shouts later when my sister gets the jist and goes fishing in her own throat with her hand for that cheese. Triumphantly, she pulls it out and thus declares my mom a jackass. 




 Dude you look great!  




 Those eyes take away some artistic points.. but otherwise A+ material! 




 Shamelessly eating a full pint of Ben   Jerry's. 




 FFX- Besido island 




 I'm sorry you went through this. 




