 99, all on my wall. 




 Coming across this question. 




 The law of gravity 




 People's Court 




 Being asked this question 




 Don't buy anything. 




 Pong 




 Simon says go 




 Tough crowd tonight 




 your convertible doubles as a pickup truck 














 I.e. we go to work EVERYDAY. Rinse, repeat. 




 "That's OK, I got it" 




 Wait until you're 30, which will seem like 3 years from now. 




 Seems like you just said this 




 Lawrence! 




 Mmmm, yeah. Gonna have to go ahead and have you watch it on Saturday. 









 and margaritas 




 Office Space, as in the 1999 movie. 




 If every person who upvoted this post donated $1, you might get your money back. 









 Could have happened after the package was delivered. 




 Dare I ask how much? 




 Now there's a classic SBTB character!  




 As opposed to indirectly? 









 Wow, excellent selection here 









 This one. 




 Being the "new guy" 




 This question appearing on AskReddit 




 Your mom. Bahahahahaha 




 Tons of new games i need to try as a result of this Reddit post. 









 And the virtual crowd goes wild 




 Don't forget to add a cover sheet 









 Small talk with another human. For me at least. 




 You don't think Oprah.com is a good match? 




 Downvote everybody in real life. 




 Wondering what % take advantage of the gym membership vs. eating ice cream 









 I don't get it. 




 Not sure how they make a profit from those people. 




 Downvote if you will, but I speak the truth. 




 But, a lot of people will use their $10 gift card and buy something small, like socks or sunglasses. 




 Disclaimer: I don't work for Kohl's, nor do I have any stake in the company. 









 A negative times a negative equals a positive. 









 It must take discipline to pay off a car while pulling in $200k+ year. 




 What do you do? 




 River City Ransom on NES 









 The question you just asked. 




 Assuming it actually happened, of course. 



















