 They should replace Beyonc with Solange 




 I think that's what it was in mk7 




 Oh that makes sense! 




 My Neopets are all basic, but what trade would I expect to get for a green Aisha named Vyfy? 




 What does that mean? 




 It seems odd that there are only 3 ATVs when there are so many karts and bikes. It also seems odd that there are so many lightweight characters. 




 OMG! 




 Haha, Jake didn't even hear that Carson asked him to introduce Tim McGraw. "Love you guys!" 




 I don't get why people are saying it's cheating since it was before the live show even started. 




 But i like Mario Party :( 




 I think its with every copy of the game 




 Wind Waker HD since I have all the others 




 Oh okay, thanks! 




 So does the replay not show the whole race? 




 Why does 150 CC look so easy? :( 




 Solid as Barack! 




 Do a lot of people actually not like him? (Besides on here) 




 I wouldn't get one if you were only interested in one game. However, you are interested in three games with a lot of play time without getting bored, so I would 




 Why did was jakes name just called 




 Rosalina? 




 If there was a new strikers I would cry tears of joy  




 The sound of music is movie/play where the characters escape the nazis 




 What was the item function? 









 That makes my heart cry 




 Where does it say all the characters were announced? 




 I've never gotten a letter from dad :( 




 I've been thinking that for two weeks, but I thought he was better than both of them today 




 How is there water in between the beach and town? 




 What?! 




 I think Pompom moved in, fell in a pitfall, and left four days after moving in. 




 Wow! Did you grow all of your hybrids? 




 Thanks! Sorry, I was away but I just gave you a rating now! 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/ACTrade/comments/2412ak/lf_the_horoscope_set_to_catalogue_and_pieces_of/

5/5 Let me catalog for free! 




 That seems like it could lead to a problem  




 May I also catalog it? 




 Thanks!! 




 Thanks!! 









 Well aren't you just on a roll today? Haha 




