 Because this wasn't an OD in the sense you're talking about. If my doctor prescribed my a lethal dose of oxycodone then he probably would be charged with malpractice and maybe even negligent homicide. This however, happened because someone was selling adulterated pills. In all likelihood these people took what would have been a non-lethal dose of mdma but it ended up containing enough of the adulterant to kill them. 














 Front or back. Think of your head as a clock 




 Almost like nobody wants to do salvia, and if they do do it they never want to do it again 




 It's in late January.  I don't think so but my doctor has been considering getting me off them soon so maybe I'll wait until EDC to hang with molly 




 I've been digging Galantis lately, check out Runaway (U   I). So Young So High by Dada Life is pretty good too. Oooh and Colors by Tobu. That's all EDM but it doesn't have the insane bass drops.  




 So I've been taking welbutrin for a bit less than a year now -150mg XL (extended release?) and I'm planning on rolling for the first time at an upcoming festival. The interactions page on erowid cautions about how welbutrin can alter the effects of mdma but doesn't really go much more into it. Is there anything I should be worried about? I went through an extremely depressed phase for about four months before I started taking welbutrin and it helped immensely. I occasionally miss a dose but it doesn't cause any noticeable changes when it happens. 




 I think that's a pen or something like that 




 Looking for a place to take a buddy for his 20th 




 A lot of states eother already have or are adopting an 8.50ish minimum wage. Assuming 8.59hrs a day552 we get just under 20k. If they work six days a week we get 23k.  




 Honestly that's verging on lower than full time minimum wage pay in a lot of states so if you're salaried w/out commission at that then you're getting gypped to hell. 




 What about mephedrone? 




 I just went on the edc website to buy tickets for edc vegas 2015 and it says it tickets are unavailable. Is it sold out or what's the deal? 




 I read the same thing. Seems a bit ridiculous though.  Nicotine, caffeine, adderall, even exercise,  are going to more effective with much less risk. 




 Most people use "dab" rigs. Which can either be a their own smoking device or just a something that replaces the bowl piece on a bong. You'll heat up the concentrate with a torch lighter usually. Concentrates can also be vaped. 




 Im motivated as fuck right now so tomorrow I'm gonna get a fresh mile time 




 I haven't been able to do a full body pushup since middle school or maybe even elementary school and I just fucking did one! It's 1am and I started thinking to myself "You've gotten stronger and you've lost 40lbs, I bet you can do a pushup" and I got onto the floor in my boxers and fucking did one. 




 I know of all of those except for bordeaux (although after googling it I've found that it's the size of a small US city so that makes sense). I also could point them out so long as borders were drawn on the map because I actually paid attention in geography class. 




 Op is probably a nurse 









 Yes. As far as I know it's *only* legal for **certain** tribes to use in the process of a religious ceremony.  




 18 year old here. That's definitely not true.  




 So I bit off more than I could chew and decided to take a course without taking the skill advisory course beforehand. Couple that with an absolutely horrific professor and it being my first semester of college and I kind of fucked up. I'm at SBCC right now and trying to TAG UCSB and apply to Berkeley L S and UCLA. Can this course hurt my chances/void my TAG or am I good? It's not UC transferable.  I'm expecting a C or a D. 




 There aren't exactly many non-corporate cell phones nowadays and they've become somewhat of a necessity in this day and age.  




 I just don't get them. All of my friends talk about weird shit when they're stoned but even at an [8] I only really feel it in my body with the exception of being really happy. 




 Banging coke or shooting smack on a regular basis is much more dangerous than morbid obesity. Dabbling in shit like weed and MDMA and psychedelics is not. 




 No. It's not. Go to any college campus in the US and you can find an addy source in 10 minutes if you really look.  




 I know that dance safe sells mdma test kits maybe they have one for coke 




 Except for the two assholes that have the tips of their noses showing. They just look silly 




 It's for packing the bowl down as you're milking it 




 HOW DO YOU DO THAT ON YOUR LAPTOP [7] 




 And it's almost like you missed the *shred of normality* part 




 I wouldn't chill with someone if I found out they got a sexualized horse tatted on their bicep 




 You should though because it means that someone doesn't get to have thanksgiving with their family. 




 Alright, does devoid of friends with a shred of normality work for you? The moment summer comes around and she puts on a tank top they're gone. 




 What's gamergate? 




 I like to take a walk by myself to smoke a j before bed 




 Grand daddy purple 




 Like is there any way for an employer to find that information 




 Idk where you live but I go to a party school so here its nbd to say that you got high af over the weekend 




 I was four 




 not as bad as greenville... 




 He posted another picture of a guy "cleaning up after the riots" that was wearing the same letters. My guess is that this is some sort of guerrilla advertising for the Alpha Omega Theta frat 




 That have those! I saw a uh documentary about one... 









 Lorde makes me uneasy 




 Honestly I got a plain black leather wallet with an O pressed into it at the duck store for $20 and it's lasted through four years of daily use now 




 Nah op just needs to send him the key 




 So for the past two weeks, and occasionally throughout the past couple of months, what I've been doing is drinking water throughout the day and maybe having a power bar or something like that and then just eating dinner. I find that it's easier for me to not snack during the day when I can distract myself from my hunger than at night when I'm trying to go to bed. So I usually eat a 1000-1500 calorie dinner that can keep me stuffed. Will this adversely affect my weight loss or is it effectively the same as eating three 500 calorie meals a day without snacking?  I'm 18/M/5'9/210ish lbs. 




 Unfortunately (lol) I'm in socal 




 I want a cb300f so bad but I'm also hoping to get ABS. Kinda sucks that that's not an option for those 




 There's a bong I really want (A medicali slyme!) but it's $200 so I'm waiting in the hopes that grass city will have a cyber Monday sale.  




 After going on their locator and filtering to only include stores with gas stations I've found that there are five in Oregon, several in Washington, and several in every major city in california.  




 I haven't had the chance to ride one yet but I REALLY want the black and yellow model. 




 You can camp on most of the channel islands 




 IV reppin over here 




 Never seen one with a gas station out here on the west coast. 




 I've lived in California and Oregon and never seen one with a gas station 




 7-11 has gas stations? 




 I dont think they can ding you for being well hydrated. If you eat salty stuff it'll help keep your piss yellow 




 They're probably carrying some a glock of some sort. 15-22 rounds depending on what kind  




 you cant really speak on the matter because you've never been in combat. Everything I've read says that you sort of lose count when you go into flight or fight and just shoot. It also wouldn't take more than 10 seconds to shoot 14 rounds so it's not an obscenely high amount. 




 How do you like that medicali bubbler? 




 You're probably fine but I would drink a bunch of water until then just to be safe. Just carry a water bottle with you wherever you are and refill it whenever you can. Try to get clear piss haha 




 I've gotten the spins twice now and it's terrible. Don't know what causes it. 




 How are you inhaling? You need to draw the smoke and then open your mouth and inhale air. That should force the smoke that's in your mouth and throat into your lungs. 




 Thanks! 5'10 









 I did but they're always ripping tobacco out of that bong so I mightve got some left over stuff from the bottom of the bowl. 




 So I'm not a stoner by any means. I'm rather new to this whole world, but usually it takes me about two bong hits to get me decently stoned. Last night however I took a super small bong hit and things started out normal. After about 5 minutes though I started getting pretty dizzy and when I walked my legs tingled. After I came down 2ish hrs later I noticed that my hands were kind of shaky when I was playing 2048. 




 I've always described it as: an alternate timeline in which Robin and Ted had stayed together right from the get go 




 /u/666pool I got you. Consider yourself summoned.  









 They're down voting because people that care about what meme you use, unless it's just absolutely retardedly wrong, are annoying as fuck.  




 It was the reflection of the blue emergency lights 




 They're turned into "steak" sandwiches 




 I mean for most "major" weight losses you'll be left with loose skin. It can go away, especially if you're young and it's your first time losing and all that jazz but for a lot of people it doesn't go away unfortunately.  




 Isn't that a bit sketchy? I feel like if there are any complications it'd be better to be in the US. 




 Those girls are making pennies on every dollar that people drop in their rooms. I can't tell you how many times I've heard popular cam girls complaining about bills or talking about a day job. I sincerely doubt that there are more than a few camgirls making excessive amounts of money.  




 That's some CSI shit right there 




 I get what you're saying. I suffered through depression for most of my senior year of high school.  I honestly considered killing myself a couple times. I was lucky in that the first antidepressant i tried with my doctor worked. If you have access to modern medical care then I think that you should try every antidepressant available to you before you consider killing yourself. At the same time, I recognize that what I went through is no life worth living. If you've exhausted your options and can't get out of that depressive state then, and only then, do I think you should be given the opportunity to commit assisted suicide.  




 The people taking it are usually uneducated villagers from rural china that truly believe in old fashioned eastern medicine. They don't deserve to die because the chinese gov't is doing a poor job at educating them about modern medical techniques and dispelling the myths of ancient medicine.  




 So why can't the federal rulings on gay marriage that have been happening be applied universally to overturn all gay marriage bans? 




 Definitely not. Kinda looks like she has an EDM/rave type outfit on. 




 No it moves like a handheld camera 




 I honestly didn't even think about it. The first time I ever smoked weed there was tobacco in the bowl for the third hit I took but I didn't rip a full bowl. The people I was with would take a hit and give me the bong to clear the rest. This time was only my third time smoking weed and I figured that it wouldn't be too different but it just completely fucked me up. My friend says I took way too big of a hit. I milked it all the way up the bong before pulling the bowl. I still feel a bit anxious and my tounge still feels weird but I'm doing better. I skipped my classes for the day to recover. 




 No I don't think he did. I'm just concerned because I still feel off and it's been almost 17 hours. I feel slightly dizzy and lightheaded 




 Oh I know the weed wasn't laced as I've smoked from that batch before. I was worried because i didn't pack my own bowl. It was packed by a friend's friend that does molly and adderall and he got the tobacco out of a sack he has pinned to the wall. 




 Well the recreational shops won't be open until July but you can probably ask around more openly for some weed now 




 Yeah it sucked. I'm still feeling kind of anxious and my tounge still wants to be on the roof of my mouth but otherwise I'm feeling better. I felt terrible yesterday tho. It was bad enough that I honestly thought that it had been spiked with something else for a bit. 




 It wasn't my very first time. I've had cugs a few times before. Usually they give me a headrush and I'm good. I live in a dorm so I was over at a friends place a few doors down when they offered to make me a chop. I still feel off and a bit nauseous and nervous today 




 Oh shit I just woke up after falling asleep maybe 30 min after I posted this. Hopefully I can elaborate a bit better now and you guys can maybe tell if this is a normal reaction. So I took a hit of a bowl loaded with weed and tobacco. Almost immediately I felt like I was going to throw up. I managed to walk back to my room and then the room started spinning. My whole body felt super tickly and numb. I also couldn't stop putting my tounge to the roof of my mouth and my teeth were clenched and it felt like I had stomach acid on the back of my throat. 




 Oh shit I just woke up after falling asleep maybe 30 min after I posted this. Hopefully I can elaborate a bit better now and you guys can maybe tell if this is a normal reaction. So I took a hit of a bowl loaded with weed and tobacco. Almost immediately I felt like I was going to throw up. I managed to walk back to my room and then the room started spinning. My whole body felt super tickly and numb. I also couldn't stop putting my tounge to the roof of my mouth and my teeth were clenched and it felt like I had stomach acid on the back of my throat.  




 It's still happening. Clenching teeth. Tounge feels hot. Body tingling. Room spinning 




 It's worse. I cant control my tounge 









 I do care about quality. I don't have $400 to spend on glass though.  




 A sad attempt at less than a quarter of the price. Not everyone can drop hundreds on glass. 




 I'm looking at this one. Also is grass city discreet with their packaging? It'd have to go through the dorm mail system and my roommate might end up accepting the package and he's antiweed.

http://www.grasscity.com/int_en/blaze-glass-jet-flash-julia-7mm-glass-beaker-base-tube.html 




 I wish my hair was stupid thick. It's too thin for a solid draper look. 
 




 Santa Barbara county is voting to put their inactive desalination plant on standby.  




 I don't blame them. I'd do the same thing.  




 so we had girls constantly coming in and out of our apartment to drink and hang out and do all that stuff.

Listen to ladies man magoo over here, talkin' about ladies n' stuff. 




 Box is balanced precariously on the vertical stick. Cat touches the horizontal stick which is tied to the vertical and it knocks the box off balance.  




 maybe one of the fucks down voting me could explain why?

Because it's not a blanket term. You wouldn't say that nigger is a derogatory term for white people would you? It's like a worse way of calling a woman a bitch. Yes, we call men bitches too but the meaning and offensiveness is different when directed at a woman.  




 It's the fact that he used it in a professional context that makes it bad. Especially because I assume that OP is American and it's a rather derogatory term for women here. The punishmwnt is retarded tho. 




 But he plead for no jail time so everything you just said is irrelevant.  




 I went to 4j schools from K-12 and I liked them. Graduated from south this past june. 




 The other one..... 




 You're 20? Grab a friend and drive to the nearest party school and rage! 




 Bruh don't leave us hanging. Who is she? 




 That's it! Thanks!  




 This is all I got. I think it may have been turkey jerky but I'm not sure.


http://i.imgur.com/UXJEdjfh.jpg 









 Animals that were raised on GMO feed would not be labeled when sold as meat, nor would their dairy.  




 I ended up voting no. I don't think GMO labeling is the greatest idea and the way the bill is written doesn't really help the pro labeling side as much as they'd like either 









 So first time voter here with a stupid question. When do the voting results come out 




 I don't want to spook him or anything like that 









 Do you still pull the bowl out with GonG? 









 It'll be sustainable for at least another 50-70 years at the current rate. With electric cars becoming more commonplace the longevity is also increasing in the manufacturing world.  




 Sweet. The day i turn down free beer is the day I'm a recovering alcoholic 









 Lol 




 Your cake day happens on the anniversary of your account creation... not sure how you can fake that 









 The other two commenters seemed to understand it. 




 You seem like an asshole tbh. I'm stating facts. Theres IS NO WAY for me to track my calories. They rarely postca complete ingredients list for the meals they prepare in the dining commons. I have not weighed myself because i don't know where to find a scale around here. I'm not sure what point you're trying to make with your response.  




 What about 8:18 




 I think they changed the rule a month or two ago. It was initially implemented to stop people from linking askreddit comments but i guess they decided to undo the blanket ban. 




 Honestly i have some doubts about whether snowden would be wanted if he had just exposed prism. It's the fact he exposed information about international surveillance and basically anything unrelated to prism that makes me dislime him 




 I haven't been in eug for a few months but I think I remember her being a shorter lady. Possibly with a hunchback.  




 So last night around ~10 I went out with a friend and we smoked with some people using a bong. I hit it twice with just a bit of smoke left in it and it didn't do much and then the third time I took a pretty big hit that gave me a nice body high and a bit of a head high. About 45 minutes later I went home and crashed super hard. It felt like I got an amazing nights sleep and woke up well rested but all of today I was really tired and spacey and I almost fell asleep in my business class. I got home and napped for like four hours. Was that from the weed or did I just not get as much sleep as I thought I did? 




 Or if the cop had been a state trooper and not a deputy then this guy would've been in the wrong. 
 




 I read the whole thing. He could be wrong depending on the officer or if deputies are granted state trooper privileges. 

 **Traffic control vehicles of the Washington state patrol may be exempted from the requirements** of subsection (2) of this section at the discretion of the chief of the Washington state patrol.

http://app.leg.wa.gov/rcw/default.aspx?cite=46.08.065 




 The camera guy was "that guy" in high school. He seems like an asshole.  




 Fun fact it stands for original poster 




 Portugal is easier though because their borders are tiny as fuck. It's much harder to smuggle drugs in. 




 Did those wheels come with it?  




 any update? 




 I'm thinking of building my own bike. I want it to be really lightweight, where's a good place to look for frames and all that stuff? 




 Yeah I guess I'll probably get the kilo. A shop around here carries Fuji's. How would the declaration or feather stack up to the TT? 




 In my dorm building atm but I'll be moving out soon. My bigger concern is weekends and work because I usually lock up off campus. 




 I know that the components aren't of the highest quality but bike theft is a huge problem where I live and I'm not sure that a nicer bike would last. I'm currently riding a Retrospec B SS and loving it! It really got me into cycling and I think I want to pick up a second bike. Enter the attack. Currently I think that I'm riding 10-20 miles a week, 30-40 if I really get going. I'm trying to ride more though so I'm trying to eventually do 10 a day for exercise plus whatever I do when I'm commuting.

http://www.vilanobikes.com/vilano-attack-fixed-gear-bike-track-bike.html 














 I absolutely love the single speed bike I got about a month and a half or so ago. I've been commuting on it and riding maybe 20ish miles a week. 50 if I'm really going strong. I was considering buying a motorcycle but I think I might want to invest in a higher end road bike for commuting and fitness. Any recommendations? I'd like to spend no more than $1,000. I like the simplicity of the SS but I realize that upgrading to a geared bike might be worth it for when i start doing longer rides. 




 Look for something in the description of the bike that says "flip flop hub." That allows you to flip the back wheel and make it a SS. I got [this bike](http://www.retrospecbicycles.com/b-series-fixie.html) about a month ago from a shop in my town and I absolutely love it. It's simple and lightweight. My only complaint is that it's terrible at absorbing bumps. 









 Amish religion bans music 




 I've been trying to lose weight and I picked up a SS for college a few weeks ago and I've literally never had so much fun exercising.  




  But wait, isn't the federal government in the US currently trying to claim that encryption is something that only people with something to hide would use?

No. The circlejerk blinded people so much that they couldn't actually read past the title of that story. What he was actually saying is that since encryption can be used as a weapon, companies selling encryption software need to start making a good faith effort to confirm that the person buying the encryption software lives inside the United States.  




 Eugene is hardly the middle of nowhere though.  




 Germany sounds shitty 




 That's what I linked bro 




 I'm sure it says somewhere on the website. Don't these local vendors have some sort of bulk discount?  









 Because they're on the reliable vendors list in the FAQs. Is the slam dunk vendor sunmodalert? That's my second choice although after researching sun pharmas and looking at their site I'm leaning that way 




 My roommates and I share a mailbox and all mail gets processed through the university mail system. Too many potentially risky variables.  




 It would really ease my mind if I knew that a legit operation was running this website 




 I just got it and didn't need a phone number 




 So Coinbase seemed like my best option but I don't really want to link my bank account to buy the BTC (about $60 usd worth). I really just want to buy the BTC with my debit card. Can I do that with coinbase by purchasing the BTC from another source? Sorry I'm really new to all of this. 




