 Whatever you do, don't listen to reggae.... 




 Thanks for that edit. A crucial detail many might have missed /s 




 http://i.imgur.com/GfJNU68.gif 




 I'll include the further definition then... 

 "an outcome cruelly, humorously, or strangely at odds with assumptions or expectations."

A black fly in white wine? A post-mortem death pardon? That's pretty clear cut to me. 




 What're you talking about? Irony is "a state of affairs or an event that seems deliberately contrary to what was or might be expected." Every last bit of that song is ironic. 




 CUT HIS FUCKING HEAD OFF! 




 I used it when I was putting my advertising portfolio together, and it really helps for inspiration. There's a lot of cool shit on there that you won't find on reddit. I didn't encounter any of the stuff you see here when I was using it. 




 Venezuela? 




 How'd he die? 




 Here's the thing.... 




 Are you dead yet? 




 I figured as much re: their value. Not that I planned on selling them anyways. I suppose I should give my grandfather's book a go. I've read Spymistress and Intrepid, and I find his prose a bit jaunty. That, combined with his general habit of being an asshole when he was alive, has discouraged me somewhat.  




 I did notice that rule in the sidebar, but I hoped my question at the end on which book to read first would accomplish that. Is the current edit sufficient?  




 Not sure if this is allowed, but I don't really know where else to share it. Recently, while digging through the archives of my family's publishing company, I found a pile of old books by Robert Louis Stevenson, my ~great great great great grandfather.

No idea what they are worth, nor if anyone will find this interesting, but thought I would share.

[Enjoy.](http://imgur.com/a/9HjXF)

EDIT: I wish this post was more informative, but unfortunately I'm not really in touch with that side of my family. If anyone knows anything about these books, or about RLS (or my grandfather) in particular, I'd love to hear more. 




 *suggestive beeping* 




 The show and the foundation are separate entities. The foundation funds it. I'm just saying I agree with you and pointing out there might be just a wee bit of bias seeing as it wasn't an independant study  




 A study commissioned by the Sesame Foundation.... 




 I mean, I thoroughly agree with the educational value Sesame Street brings to the table, but all these studies ARE commissioned by the Sesame Foundation.

That aside, here's a fun fact/ shameless plug for /r/bermuda: The CEO of the Sesame Foundation, Mel Ming, is fucking awesome and grew up in a really hard part of my country. I've interviewed him a few times and he's a top notch man.  




 Reminds me of how the lizards my cat eats must feel. 




 "Illegal." Wait what? I don't want the whims of the public determining a major foreign policy decision like war... 




  people with nothing to offer the world need to feel superior to somebody else.

Not really. I know this may be a shock, but there are plenty of intelligent, successful people on this site from a diverse range of background who get their kicks laughing at fatties as much as silly kittens. 




 Because how he was poisoned is debatable. What he was poisoned with is not. 




 As someone who didn't know anything about Turing beforehand, I thought the film was great. Reading up on it afterwards though, it was abundantly clear the portrayal of him was well off the mark. That said, I didn't buy Keira Knightly being a maths whiz for one second. 




 Well that's not very nice. I'll have you know I have lovers in a vast array of area codes

* 718s
* 202s

I send small cities and states IOU's

* 901 
* matter fact 305

I jump off the D4, we can meet outside. So control your hormones and keep your drawers on til I close the door and I'm jumping your bones

* 312

* 313

* 215

* 803

Read your horoscope and eat some hors-d'oeuvres. Til I pump one of these hoes is self serve.

* 757

* 410 

My cell phone says overload

 




 Well hey there pilonidal cyst brother. High five for having two holes in our butts. 




 /r/popping would LOVE you 




 It was. And I bet that asshole didn't earn the name from getting a handy andy from his girlfriend after she sliced up jalapenos. 




  I'm white as heck.

Checks out. 









 Mrs Blount. 9th grade World History. 




  that were made public after the revolution in Russia

via www.bolshevikleaks.org IIRC 




 That fucking seal had the meal of his life. Dorado are fucking tastyyyyyy 




 "Something something sausage and politics." -- Otto von Bismarck 




 Yeah, people seem to forget that not 50 years earlier France had the most dominant land army in the world. 




 Well, the main reason (IIRC) is because the land was given to the Saudi family after the Ottoman Empire was defeated in WWI, and the Allies were all like "Yo Saudi's, hold my pocket." At that point I'm not sure they were thinking oil would become so valuable in the coming years, or even knew there WAS oil in them thar hills.

This history lesson brought to you by the scraps of memory I retain from my high-school education, so take it with a grain of salt. 




 you make it sound like people are just going around guzzling genitals willy nilly 




 I suppose you either die a content provider, or live long enough to see yourself become a filthy reposter. 




 "I didn't know Alan Turing had asperger's" -- My mom 




 Ah. Didn't know this was a repost. I've become what I hate the most... 









 H... how am I doing that? 




 Now that you've shown up, this is going to reach the front page. That's how it works right? 




 I feel like this comment just lacks proper grammar and you are encouraging /u/WisconsinHoosierZwei to watch a film titled Faces of Death... but part of me thinks it just as likely you're telling him to go find and watch the faces of dying people.  




 Corporate on the phone: "What precisely do you mean by 'He dun fucked up'?" 




 By sheer coincidence, I just finished The Imitation Game which gives the date of his suicide at the end of the film. 









 http://imgur.com/YswTSQm 




 I guess it's my fault for reading "no spoilers" not thinking that wouldn't apply for the comments section 




 that comma is really bothering, me 




 Verizon commercials make this one cry. So... Weird, but not out of the ordinary.  




 With a misspelled name, nonetheless. Paging /u/jstrydor  




 My mom is screaming her tits off. She has no clue about horse racing....

EDIT: now she's crying. What the hell.... 




 Makes you wonder how many bodies might be buried beneath.  




 More artillery, not bigger. 




 It's moby dick. No frou-frou symbolism. Just a good old fashioned tale about a man and a whale. 




 That's not a backhanded compliment.... That's a straight diss. 




  I am not a smart man 




 Frank N. Stein  




 Mother of God. 211,743 words.....

EDIT: just realized it's Moby fucking Dick. I am not a smart man. 




 Hence why I said "good satire" specifically. And in order for there to be libel, the person would have to prove damages. 




 Exactly. After I left my job at my local national paper, I started a satire blog that people immediately began sharing thinking it was real. [This one,](http://thebermudalampoon.com/2015/02/27/michael-fahy-not-about-to-start-giving-a-shit/#more-192) about an appointed official (rather than elected) caused a 1000+ comment chain. 




 Good satire is taken seriously by LOTS of people. The former FIFA vice president, for example. Or even the OG satirist, Jonathan Swift. A Modest Proposal caused an uproar. 




 That's the most satisfying part of writing satire, when people think it's real. It's really the highest compliment. 




 That's kinda the nature of sketch comedy, [as expressed perfectly by the Mitchell and Webb Look](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OE_Glg85-60) 




 Journalist here. An indoor, private gym is most certainly not a public space, and therefor you cannot film without consent. The reason it's legal to film in public without consent is because you don't have a reasonable expectation of privacy. While you are a patron inside an establishment, you have a reasonable expectation of privacy. 









 [Source](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/His_Girl_Friday) 









 This kills the weasel  









 I remember reading it somewhere. Was it on Reddit? If so I'd happily give credit. 









 Holy mother of moses this is amazing. Thank you so much. On mobile right now so will check this out further when I get home. Cheers dude! 




 So glad I tagged you when you were called out on /r/quityourbullshit  




 Actually, they should thank Bills QB Ed Rutkowski for losing the final game of the ~~'78~~ '68 season, giving the Bills the #1 pick in the combined AFL/NFL draft over the Eagles. If Rutkowski hadn't fumbled on the 1 yard line, the Bills wouldn't have gotten OJ Simpson, meaning OJ would've gone to Philly, meaning he'd never have met Nicole, meaning he'd never have murdered her (allegedly), meaning he'd never have hired a lawyer named Kardashian, meaning when his daughter has sex with some cousin of Snoop's named Ray J, the only people that would know the Kardashian name would be Pornhub aficionados. If the Bills weren't so awful at football, we wouldn't have to be dealing with the Kardashians 




 Full comments from [Greg 'Picard' Dyke](http://i.guim.co.uk/static/w-620/h--/q-95/sys-images/Guardian/Pix/pictures/2015/6/2/1433265613069/d2e0376f-bb63-4132-95de-007706124be2-620x372.jpeg), since they'll be hard to find on the auto-feed I linked.

 Hes stood down. Hes gone. Lets celebrate  this is nothing to do with Mr Blatter being honourable, he hasnt been honourable in years.
 
 Something has come out of the events of last week that has caused Mr Blatter to resign  Hes gone. At long last we can sort out Fifa. We can go back to looking at those two World Cups. If I were Qatar right now I wouldnt be feeling very comfortable. 




 Psh. Crimea river. 




 well, that and the piles of dead people. 




 Tony Pulis? Great track record of pulling businesses out of the shitter. 









 [Ah, the old reddit high-school-aroo](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/382z5y/today_is_mabels_14th_birthday_heres_the_cutest/crs9vg3?context=5) 




 I'm fine with spiders, cockroaches, junebugs, bats, sharks, you name it. Dolphins though? Fuck that. I'm convinced they're smarter than us, they just live a simpler life. 

I once volunteered at a dolphin experience place for a summer and had to go down with SCUBA gear to fix the fencing separating their enclosures. The 11 foot alpha named Khyber got hyper aggro and started jaw snapping at me. The shockwave shook my ribcage so much it felt like someone let off a grenade underwater.

They are terrifying animals. Nobody ever takes my phobia seriously, but I challenge anyone to get into a tank with a pissed off dolphin and tell me they didn't fear for their life.

(before people get on my back for working at such a cruel place, I was like 14 years old. I know now how awful it is to keep such amazing creatures penned in.) 




 Just because there's a goalie doesn't mean you can't score 




 Is Bully Beatdown still going? That might actually be a good fight. 




  dodged a ~~bullet~~ knife
 




 Townie was the kind of kid to punch you in the face when rough-housing. Apparently he was also the kind of kid to get high on acid and murder his mother's boyfriend, a retired US Army general.

Source: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2005/jun/28/20050628-115956-6417r/ 









 Be careful. That could come back to haunt you. http://www.gifbin.com/bin/082009/1249287681_laser_pointer_dog_crotch_bite.webm 




 [Source](http://www.bamz.org/conservation.php?id=2) 














 Popular posts on TIL have a very specific type. I love the idea of this sub because it's sort of a /r/mildlyinteresting version of it. You could put TIL in front of a LOT of factual posts on Reddit and it would work. 




 Journalist here. 

WE. DON'T. WRITE. THE. HEADLINES.

Feel the need to make that extra clear because every time there's a sensational headline, it's the author that gets blamed for it. 99% of the time we HATE the headlines our stories are given.

Call out the sub-editors, not the authors. 




 Teddy Roosevelt - the original hard-ass romantic. The duality between his inner suffering from his personal losses, and the person he projected to the world, are infinitely fascinating to me. 

He sorta had this need to assure and remind everyone of his heroism, but at the same time was aware of his own limitations and listened to what his heart told him. Rare you find those qualities in the same man. 




 Anderson Cooper is a stellar journalist. He fucked off to Africa in his teens IIRC (bankrolled by his family, but still...). He started in journalism by answering telephones, before he made a name for himself by forging his own press pass and getting into Burma to interview the students fighting the government. After that he began stringing from war zones all over the world.

He may not be a Marie Colvin, or a Philip Gibbs, but he's legit. I dont find any reason not to like the guy. 




 My family would totally be worthy of the show if it wasn't for my cuntrag sister shushing everyone.

FUCK YOU KATIE I HAVE QUIPS TO MAKE AND I WILL NOT BE SILENCED. 




 If I came across that many morons in my field of work, I'd get pretty angry too.  




 Nope. You wouldn't notice the Canadians, you'd just be dead. 

"If I had Canadian Soldiers, American technology and British officers I would rule the world." - Winston Churchill

EDIT: Oh. Just noticed your flair. Howdy neighbor.   




 Last I heard she was an Eagle Scout. 




 STORY TIME!

Freshman year in high school, my buddy got a hand job from a girl named Davina. 

She basically clapped her hands around it and rubbed up and down like she was trying to start a fire with a stick and some tinder.

Thus 'Dolphina' was born. 




 Already spent on rum and hookers. Sorry. 




 That's not a bad idea, but it'd be damn near impossible to sell. I might give Elon a call though, just for good measure.

The Guardian has a long and storied history of breaking earth-shattering stories dating all the way back to when the Bolsheviks leaked documents exposing the Entente's imperial interests of WWI. That kind of history attracts supporters, so it's no wonder benefactors favour them. 




 The point is that reliance on advertising for revenue creates that conflict of interest. Hence the BBC. NPR would've been the same, and in fact started out the same IIRC.



 




 I love that people still expect separation of church and state in the media. Of course they banned their reporters from doing that. Of course, it's also wrong, but the public doesn't want to pay for news. Don't want to pay, don't expect the tenets that journalism once espoused to remain.

Signed,

Severely disgruntled journalist  




 Was really hoping this would be an America's Cup reference.

For those that don't know, the Brits invited the Americans to sail against them, with the Queen looking on.

America proceeded to detroy the British by a massive margin. Thus the "America's Cup" was born.

It would take almost 180 years before anyone else beat the Americans, when Australia did it in 1981 (I think.)

So... yeah, the Brits aren't too hot on sailing against the Americans. 




