 love the art, but can i please can you please share where you got this information.  




 i am a felon because i forgot i had my bb gun in my car and parked illegally at school.  




 fried cheese 




 don't you think its kind of inconsiderate to ask him for a picture with a crying baby. maybe it's just me but i can't think of a worse sound than a crying baby 




 i would look at her from a distance so hard 









 overnight stocking and shipment receiving at Home Depot. i work during nights and sleep during the day, so i start my drinking at 7am. cashiers think i'm a crazy alcoholic who never sleeps 




 alcohol 




 i need to stop clicking on these links. it's sad that i knew what this was going to be about before i even clicked on it. i even knew that the women wouldn't be charged, all before ever clicking the link 




 i wish my cat loved me that much 




 she won't get punished more than the guy she accused would have. they never do 




 at college i tried to go to my old dorm instead of my new one. key didn't work so i climbed in through the window. that's all i remember. woke up in a drunk tank surrounded by snoring native americans 




 get a hammock 




 that's awesome. i bet that saves a ton of weight and space in your pack. where is this DIY gear supply you speak of? 




 if you want to listen to the police scanner: 
http://tunein.com/radio/Seattle-Police-Fire-and-EMS-s145392/ 




 i hate what this subreddit has become 




 because old people. fuck old people. and also because these kids are retarded 




 i love how little kids don't know the "roll down the window" sign because they've only seen power windows 









 i've never had that much fun at walmart. i want meth 




 is that what a front ass is called? 




 is it just me, or would hundreds of angry protesters decrease the chance of the police in india getting the right guy in favor of just someone who doesn't have an alibi 




 a sociopath evil genius designs a house to torture and cause pain on the people in the house. 

Saw and Home Alone 




 i found my cat sort of playing with a dead bird so i impaled it on a stick and played with my cat. the bird fell off the stick a few times so i kept stabbing it to put it back on the stick so i could play with my cat 




 i want to put something up my ass and stimulate my prostate but i'm too much of a pussy to do this 




 the piss covered boxers and shorts. also somehow i got some of the piss into a cup. i'm a blackout drunk and sometimes i pee in my sleep 




 1,000th comment in this thread! 




 i thought zelda was a guy? 




 it's craigslist 




 the dealer requires $2000 to test ride. i'm going to sell my car to buy my bike 




 i can't afford a new one and i need the money to test ride. but i'm going to sell my car to buy the bike so i can't test ride it 




 thanks for your input. i won't forget you 




 250R because it would be my first bike ever. there's a forum just for ninja 250 riders and some people my height own them and love them, but i just want a second and third opinion. because i can't test drive it before i hand over the $2000 and i don't have that yet 




 i'm 6 foot 3 inches or maybe taller, would a kawasaki ninja be too small for me? 




 awesome keep recommending sliders when you stumble across one of the many "new rider, need advice" threads. i made post to raise awareness 




 nope. but i'll go back and check the threads i saved 




 i heard that for a beginner, one day at the track improves your riding as much as six months on the road 




 i guess my point is i just wanted to bring this to the attention of other beginners 




 i should say that i've never ridden a motorcycle but am about to get one. i just don't understand how someone knows when to counter-steer at low speeds 




 but i don't want to be one of those people. i like living 




 but at what speed does counter-steering take over? say i decide to lane split and have only one direction to go (right), should i counter-steer to go right or turn the bars right? at what speed does this change? 




 so anything above 10 mph i should counter-steer? i don't get how someone would know if they should steer "normally" or counter-steer. say i'm lane splitting and going 10 to 15-20 mph and want to turn, which way should i turn the bars? 




 also at what speed does it change from normal steering to counter-steering? how would i know if i should steer right to go right, or to counter-steer before it's too late? 









 i also want to know if i can sit on a bike without it tipping over.  




 i hate deer more than any other animal.  




 sorry im drunk. made me chuckle to myself. didn't mean it tho i'll detele it now 




 did you have to wear one of those sheets that muslim women wear? 

edit: i thought this was a valid question  




 starting a mold garden. like a regular garden except with cups of moldy juice 




 vice city 




 consciousness
parades - efterklang
the residents - not available
mew - and the glass handed kites
broken social scene
childish gambino - culdesac
man of aran - british sea power
ken - by request only
joy division - unknown pleasures
alice in chains - facelift
slaraffenland-private cinema
Titus Andronicus - The Monitor
hundred waters
orgy - candyass
monk solo - it might be the sun
mount eerie - the microphones
welcome to the new age 




 and in another thread... first time offender and father of three gets 25 years for selling marijuana to a friend 




 thanks for the advice and link. i got ahead of myself because i'm too excited, of course i need to try a bike before i buy it 




 yeah thanks, that's pretty much what everyone in this thread has told me. i guess i'm getting ahead of myself. i just can't fucking wait and i'm too excited  




 yeah thanks, that's pretty much what everyone in this thread has told me. of course i'm going to ride it before i buy it. i guess i'm getting ahead of myself. i just can't fucking wait and i'm too excited  




 yeah thanks, that's pretty much what everyone in this thread has told me. i guess i'm getting ahead of myself. i just can't fucking wait and i'm too excited  




 thank you. i'm sorry but i have one more question. you've already been so helpful so i apologize. 

i'm 6 foot 2 inches, so i'm worried about how how a sport bike like the ninja 250 would fit me. would a standard or cruiser bike be better for me? 




 thank you. i'm sorry but i have one more question. you've already been so helpful so i apologize. 

i'm 6 foot 2 inches, so i'm worried about how how a sport bike like the ninja 250 would fit me. would a standard or cruiser bike be better for me? 




 thank you. i'm sorry but i have one more question. you've already been so helpful so i apologize. 

i'm 6 foot 2 inches, so i'm worried about how how a sport bike like the ninja 250 would fit me. would a standard or cruiser bike be better for me? 




 thank you. i'm sorry but i have one more question. you've already been so helpful so i apologize. 

i'm 6 foot 2 inches, so i'm worried about how how a sport bike like the ninja 250 would fit me. would a standard or cruiser bike be better for me? 




 thank you. i'm sorry but i have one more question. you've already been so helpful so i apologize. 

i'm 6 foot 2 inches, so i'm worried about how how a sport bike like the ninja 250 would fit me. would a standard or cruiser bike be better for me? 




 thank you. i'm sorry but i have one more question. you've already been so helpful so i apologize. 

i'm 6 foot 2 inches, so i'm worried about how how a sport bike like the ninja 250 would fit me. would a standard or cruiser bike be better for me? 




 keep reading 




 yeah i get that. it took me awhile to drive stick shift perfectly. 
other people in this thread already convinced me to take the lessons. especially when one guy said it pays for my license and saves on insurance 




 thanks i'll check it out. i found it in a pdf file, here's the link if you want it.
http://tinymicros.com/mediawiki/images/c/cd/Twist_Of_The_Wrist_I.pdf 




 really i didn't know it pays for my license and saves on insurance. that's great. thank you. you guys are pretty friendly in this subreddit, i like it 




 haha yeah that's a good point. thanks, i appreciate you taking the time 




 well i would have to buy the bike before i take the license test anyways, but yeah i think you guys convinced me, thanks all 




 yeah i forgot that bit, i put it in the comments section straight away. 250. no way i would get a liter bike for my first one. also i'm cheap so this would save gas right? 

i think you guys convinced me, i'll take some lessons 




 i honestly feel that i know everything there is to know for a beginner 




 oh ok. how much were your lessons?

edit: i meant to say over a dozen. i can't spell today 




 ninja 250 i meant to say

i've seen at least dozen of youtube videos, so i don't know if i need to take lessons 




