 I remember watching cartoons where the restaurant would make them go wash dishes in the back, but I think it's more of a "just leave" type situation. 




 I want this to last, need you by my side  




 I don't believe you 




 I go so hard they call me Mr. Go So Hard. 




 Our old high school  




 ^ 




 Did you go down the slip-n-slide? 




 He's obviously a bee keeper biking to his job getting caught up in the festivities 




 It was a very easy first year, my buddy has ridden it a few years though. It was mostly about the day drinking though. 









 I wish I was as brave as you, you'll just leave home wearing anything! 




 Me llamo t bone la araa discoteca 




 Just be homeless, scrounging through dumpsters and eating whatever you find. Also nibbling on walls and dry wood to dull down your incisors. 




 Why does this cat remind me of David Duchovny 




 Where were you when Pied Piper needed you most? 




 The Rake scares me pretty good and plenty 




 My jaw can wiggle left and right about 2 inches on each side. I thought it was normal until I started getting horrible TMJ and my dentist said it wasn't normal, I guess jaws are just supposed to go vertically.  




 Sister Wives 




 But they're paying to go to class, why not just go? 




 I've read that after a test it's a very silly thing to sit back down, but I never would have known that. Any advice would be helpful. 




 Zackeffron69me 




 I couldn't believe he was stopping his songs just to point out to everyone how many people liked him. I thought it was planned at first. 




 I AM THE GREATEST FUCKIN ROCKSTAR IN THE WORLD 




 Yes I read that too, which is why all of my friends called me stupid for mourning his death and that I shouldn't believe every death I hear on FOX news. 




 Necessary  




 Ryan Dunn 




 This is usually overlooked, but to this day there isn't a more scientific reason we sleep other than because we get sleepy. Why can't we go days without sleeping? Why do we get sleepy?  




 When Kat dies in Halo: Reach. That was completely unexpected. 




 Oh my god I thought I did something wrong when it was up in my face but I guess that happens for everyone. 




 Actually for awhile they put foot ringers at the end of caskets so people could push the levers with their feet if they were alive 




 When people say "in a minute" when they mean a large amount of time longer than a minute. "Hey man I haven't seen you in a minute." It's been like a year, I don't understand.  




 Honestly this was the best show I've ever seen 




 The movie Dragon Wars from a few years ago, utterly unwatchable. Not in the good way. 




 But why?  




 How do you make a tissue dance?
Put a little boogie in it. 




 Are..... Are they okay 




 I saw an episode of friends like this once 









 Have you ever heard the theory that everyone is every person, when we die we live another's life somewhere else in time until we have lived every life? 




 I'm watching Community on Canadian Netflix with the Hola Chrome extension, like right now.  




 How can people make posts like this? Does no ones family members have facebooks? That's all mine is 




 Her arm is a strange shape 




 Water charmander is the way to go 




 Does anyone know a subreddit full of actual fight videos? 




 Have any of you actually seen Birdemic? Second best worst movie of my time behind The Room. I'm Facebook friends with the lead guy, he has a whole 200 fans! 




 Is it "eye-la" or "ice-la?" 




 Bam Margera in the brown hat is too 




 If I had a dollar for every frame in this gif, I would have 4 or so dollars. 




 "Chaos... reigns." 




 I thought this was Bob's Burgers on a tiny plastic tele 




 I think there's a line to find. I once pulled my ex girlfriend's pants up to hide her thong from the rest of my high school and we got into a fight  because she should "be allowed to show as much skin and not be sexualized by men in society," but sexuality is definitely needed, if not in small amounts. 




