 There is no difference between the two when a government is sanctioning one over the other; our government's policy on religion at the federal and state level should not choose one form of religion over another. 




 I'm not here to debate the severity of punishments imposed by religions, just the hypocritical nature of christianity's impact on politics. 




 We're constantly forced to live by a set of morals that benefit Christians, even when the majority don't support those mores. Christians used the bible to justify slavery and later Jim Crow laws, and Supreme Court Justices quoted the bible to support their arguments. I want religion of any sort completely separated from our politics. 




 This week Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore ordered state judges not to issue same-sex marriage certificates based on Christian understanding of what constitutes a moral marriage. Isn't this proof of Christian laws being forced upon an entire population? The same can be said of LGBT rights and abortion. 



























































 Wolverines and then weasels, in that order. Wolverines spend so much time alone in such tough terrain that it must constantly curse about its shitty situation. Weasels just curse for the laughs. 




 Each photon that strikes the Earth today and powers everything on our planet began its journey from the center of the sun while dinosaurs were the dominate creatures. It takes a further eight minutes for the journey to our planet after the proton escapes the sun's gravity. 









































































































































































 You will excuse me for not believing you about taking the citizenship test because you'd have mentioned it long before now. As for Bush, even his friends don't consider him that sharp. 




 I'm not thinking so much about Obama as I am G.W. Bush. His degree was purchased by his dad and his cronies, and like Reagan, was simply a puppet that fit Cheney's hand. But I'm also looking at legislators, some no longer serving, that believe in "legitimate rape" and ignore data that doesn't support their conservative or liberal beliefs. 




 This person provided uninformed information, what more proof do we need. 




 My suggestion isn't new. Theodore Roosevelt was the first to suggest testing as a requirement of government service during the late 1890s. Prior to testing, when a new republican/democratic legislation came to power, the winners handed out government positions as a reward system. The system meant the US government operated with the same level of dysfunction on display in New Orleans when G.W. Bush's buddy "Brownie" was in charge. Roosevelt adopted tests that are still given to federal workers today to assess their fitness for the position, thus doing away with the cronyism that limited government's functionality. My argument is that we need another method to assess the next level of government - our legislators. 




 You label my suggestion a "worse system" but without explaining why it's worse. Don't ask me why when you haven't provided a question. 




 Blaming voters for electing stupid legislators is simply unfair, considering that the misinformation about candidates that flood the air during an election cycle makes it almost impossible for a voter to make an informed decision. Contemporary voters are so overwhelmed by their working life that they depend on the MM to provide information about candidates but our news agencies are failing them. 







































 Obama out spent Romney, "with all his rich supporters." 




 I'm glad that you're happy with an idiot representing you in congress, but I expect more from my legislator. I don't understand the morality portion of your argument, but legality has nothing to do with intelligence. As for the mixture of the two, I'll point out that the US Supreme Court denied black Americans their most basic rights as human beings, yet it's supposed to be a bastion of American wisdom. Morality and the law simply don't mix in the US. 




 And to make this test/election even fairer, we'll allow those with the most money decide who the people get to elect, because everyone knows that rich people are always the smartest. 




 Most people don't know how intelligent/unintelligent their representative is until it's too late. We test immigrants to see if they're sufficiently American. Maybe our reps should take the same test. 




 Again, the test I'm proposing is along the lines of an elementary school civics test, which asks basic questions about the country we live in. Reviewing the responses to this question, I spot many "apologists" for politicians, along with the "I have a right to elect wealthy, stupid people" crowd. Someone even declared it a poll tax, while ignoring that the people elected to congress are some of the wealthiest in the land. With the amount of testing expected of our children, politicians argue that testing is the only way of knowing whether they are learning. Why should I expect less from a more important institution? 




 Wait...you still believe the US won the Vietnam War? I own this really cool bridge, but I'd be willing to sell it to you. 




 The origins of the abrahamic religions, thus getting rid of three of the peskiest religions out there. 




 Good point...but that's why I suggested an elementary civics test. I guess if the test were designed in state like Texas there might be a bias toward ignorance. 




 Please point me to where you get your information about this test. 




 A rich white man attempts to assassinate Bill O'Reilly by gun on air but misses. After O'Reilly wrestles the gun away he screams, "Fuck it...I'll do it myself", before committing suicide. 




 The decisions made by our nation's federal legislators impact a large segment of the US population but there is no way of knowing whether they are fit for office. A simple civics test on the level of a sixth grade student might be a starting point, but I also believe anyone running for office should be required to pass a drug test. Legislators appear to have no problem forcing drug tests onto welfare recipients, they should have no problem undergoing the same process. 

































































































































 If you wanted to be shocking you should have chosen a women. Everyone knows the catholic church is all about the man-on-man/boy action. 




 I wonder if Palin has a bush. 




 jesus christ and the virgin mary....yes, I can poke fun at your fairy tale. 




 I can't say that I've been stereotyped as gay, but I've had a *lot* of gay men hit on me. Of course, I'm not offended or put off by the LGBT community, and I'm comfortable in my sexuality. 




 Religion - it held back science for almost 2k years, it claims that its adherents are better than the non-believer, it claims a moral superiority, it ignores science, it impinges on the rights to marriage and abortion, and it is the most evil ideology to ever infect homo sapiens. 












































 All religions, by design, set people apart from one another by claiming their adherents are special and morally superior. This is utter bs. Religions pass moral judgments on unbelievers, while also attempting to force their morality on the societies they exist within. I'm expected to respect the folklore that the adherent lives by, but my rejection of this is seen as wrong. Without religion there is no war in the middle east, no rejection of LGBT rights, and no deaths because of rejecting religious beliefs. 




 Religion of any type is evil. 












































 Who said campaign contributions don't pay off in the long run? 

















































 "I'm no scientist, but..." 




 I'm always afraid of telling this joke because it offends as many people as it entertains, but your welcome. 




 Sorry about that folks, but I did mean waitress. TY tthudium. 




 This joke was told to me by a female server I worked with in a downtown Denver restaurant/bar.  
  
A guy is fucking his girlfriend in the missionary position but instead of showing any reaction, she just lays there, not moving. Starting to get angry, he flips her over on her stomach and starts really pounding her doggy style, but again she doesn't move. Now really upset, the guy shoves it in her backdoor while redoubling his efforts, but to no avail. After finishing, the guy rolls off his girlfriend who looks at him and said, "That was really presumptuous of you."  
  
"Presumptuous?," he repeated.  
  
"Yes," she said, "it was presumptuous of you to put it in my butt hole."  
  
"Presumptuous," he repeated again. "That's a pretty big word for a twelve-year-old." 




 Additionally, most Americans don't know that Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts was a founding member of the AFA, according to F. Lane.  
  
Frederick S. Lane. The Court and the Cross: The Religious Rights Crusade to Reshape the Supreme Court. Boston: Beacon Press, 2008.
 




 there is a god and you should have faith in him, not her, him. 




 god would help and protect me. 




 Politicians pretending to be religious or hating on the LGBT community only to get caught with a penis/vagina in their mouths. I secretly believe the politicians who overly inflate this issue are closeted haters driven by self-revulsion over their sexual yearnings. 




 A Harvard/Stanford/Princeton/etc. degree that instantly gives its holder a pedigree far beyond their deserving. There are so many good universities in the US and a degree's usefulness is really predicated on what the student got out of their courses. 




 When people say that we're killing the Earth, what they really mean is we're killing ourselves. The Earth will be just fine and continue turning like it's done for billions of years, humans just won't be there to see it. 




 In reading the article I noticed that when the candidates mentioned their opponents it was to comment on how financially viable they might be in a race. It's not about the issues, it's about who has the most money to spend in a campaign. 




 r/upskirts - it'd be a bunch of guys with secret cameras trying to pretend they don't have a camera, while following way too close to you. 




 New furniture, patient parents, and regular meals. 




 Religion sucks. 




 A parent can lose their children to the state for letting them walk alone to a park, but if they keep a loaded gun where it's accessible to a child, it's just unfortunate parenting. 




 Of course if it's his butthole getting fucked, he's not a fucking dude, he's a getting fucked dude 




 The real question is: How do guys who find anal sex with men wrong, but find it a bonus if their gf allows them its use? Are women's anuses softer than a mans; is it more pliant or pleasant smelling? Is it perhaps the lack of hair on a woman's anus, although this is a generalization as I've known a number of women with hairy butt holes? 




 The most gruesome thing I've ever seen is actually a compilation of two events by the same person. I grew up in a very rural southern area and one of our neighbors was an alcoholic. One summer day he was drunk and decided to commit suicide by placing a shotgun against his chest and pulling the trigger while sitting on the sofa in his living room. The blast left big chunks of the guy's chest and back on the wall behind him, but it didn't kill him. Following the trail of blood around the house, he got up from the couch, went into the kitchen and got another beer, then drank it at the kitchen table. Next, he went upstairs, sat on the edge of his bed for a while, before wandering back downstairs to the couch where he passed out. The crazy thing is that he survived.  
  
Fast forward a couple of years and I'm now a sophomore in high school. Our neighbor has been caught so many times driving drunk that he's spent a year in jail, and lost his driving privileges along with his car. This doesn't slow my neighbor down one little bit as he has purchased a really nice riding lawnmower, removed its governor, and it now can reach speeds of up to 15mph. We lived on a gravel/dirt road with really heavy traffic and people loved to drive fast on it. One morning I'm on the school bus as we start the fifteen mile trip to our high school. I hear a shriek from a girl at the front of the bus, and the breaking bus threw me into the seat back. I looked out the window where the other kids were pointing and draped across a tree branch was our neighbor, twisted and dead. They found his riding lawnmower in the deep grass beyond the road. A man later came forward who said he knew he'd hit something but didn't know what. He assumed it was a deer that had survived the impact and run off because the lawnmower was hidden by the deep grass. He didn't see a body, of course, because it'd been thrown into and caught by tree branches. Seeing the results of this man's suicidal behavior twice left me with a propensity for nausea at meals that my brothers exploited viciously.   




 When I was ten-years-old someone abandoned their dog near our rural Tennessee home. My dad worked two jobs and refused to allow the family to have a dog because he considered them too expensive. I knew that my dad would think we encouraged the dog to stay, and punish us with whippings using his belt. In order to avoid this, I took the dog deep into the woods around our house. I placed it on the center of a very old bed sheet by telling it to sit and it obeyed with heart-breaking enthusiasm. I then took the .22 caliber rifle I'd brought along, and put a bullet between the dog's eyes. I'm still horrified and haunted by what I did that day, but I'm even angrier that poverty and my dad's adherence to a brutal religiosity placed a ten-year-old me into such a despicable situation. 




 Both parties are beholden to corporations, but my greatest concern is M. McConnell. He married into a wealthy chinese shipping family whose primary cargo is transporting coal. Kentucky is a coal producing state, and china is a coal burning nation; it's a match made in heaven. How much control do we concede to the chinese when the senate majority leader could well be working for their countries interests instead of the his constituents. 




 Imagine the level of cronyism in the federal system had this man been elected president. 




 That there are parts of my body that once developed during a super nova's explosion. We are all made out of star stuff. 




 Now you're making sense. 




 Yeah...and there is no more racism in America so get over it. (sarcasm) 




 The post title stopped where it did because of the character limits imposed by reddit. 




 When I was a child in Tennessee my parents allowed me to visit the Nashville public library by myself when I was only ten-years-old. When my mother was hospitalized for an extended time, I was the oldest child at home (12) while my dad worked two jobs. I hated being responsible for by little brothers and sisters, but I knew how to handle any dangerous situation and where to take my siblings if there was trouble. There's nothing wrong with letting responsible children have a little freedom. 




 Coward. 




 Can my mom come along? 




 Name calling is the last bastion of a losing argument. You concentrate only on "fundamentalists" as the bad lot while my argument is that religion in every form is inherently repressive, especially to those who aren't members. Several good examples of this are the current battles in the US being fought over access to abortion, and same-sex marriage. Remove religion from the argument and there is no opposition. Because of some stupid beliefs begun thousands of years earlier, large segments of the female US population live without access to life saving abortions, and same-sex couples can't enjoy the same legal protections as their heterosexual counterparts.  
  
If you're going to respond further, let me ask just one question. What unique quality did Judaism have that was lacking in all the other religions prior to its inception? What set it apart from all other religions? As Neil deGrasse Tyson repeatedly points out, it's okay not to know the answer. No one has all the answers. 




 Another ad hominem argument, so you didn't really learn anything at all.  
  
We are only going to continue talking past one another because we see the world in very different ways. I learned this from my oldest brother who is a preacher at a Church of Christ denomination in the american south. He saw the world through the lenses of "god" while my vision was obscured by my "godlessness." His conclusion came after I'd asked too many "unfair" questions concerning his beliefs. The most offensive question was "what is a day to god." He firmly believes in creationism as presented in the "bible" that is limited to six days with a seventh day for rest. His "god" just happened to follow the cycle of our planet's daily revolution. But to claim that this information is correct means understanding the mind of his "god", something that is supposed to be unknowable. Religious people are annoyed by these contradictions when they're pointed out.  
  
The same problem applies to our conversation. You are willing to allow specious claims based on your religious views, and participate in a form of suspension of disbelief that might be called "faith". I don't share this predilection for applying "faith" based on the observance of a set of rules formed by individuals who lived thousands of years ago. In its purest form, religions are a method to control and funnel the hopes and fears of a downtrodden portion of the world's population. It banks on the the promise of an afterlife of paradise for a chosen few. I know this is the only life available to me and I refuse to waste it propping up the beliefs of an elitist few.  




 Where do you draw the line at what is acceptable? I find entertaining any religious beliefs as over the line and a strong indication of a person's intelligence, or lack thereof. I don't care what your interpretation of a religious text entails, they're all fantasy to me. Israel finds it acceptable to target women and children during wartime operations, while ISIS chooses its own targets according to religion and prefers beheadings over bombs. Both are dispicable courses of action, but met with approval by each religions' adherents. I see no distinction between the horrors visited upon those within each sects' religious boundaries. So defend blind adherence to your religion, but don't ask me to validate it. 




 I guess I could agree with you, but then we'd both be wrong. 




 IDK that your presenting an ad hominem argument (I'll let you look that up with the hope that you learn something) common among the "god squad". Respecting your beliefs mean I also must respect those who believe in stoning and decapitating people. It means respecting ridiculous beliefs put forward in any form of a "holy book" whether it's called a koran, bible, etc. Here's my advice: Don't blindly follow any ideology that resists being questioned or criticized, because it's the result of another person's thinking. Think for yourself, use reasoning and objectivity (two qualities religion lacks) to guide you, and reserve respect for that which deserves it. Live on your own terms. 




 I don't even know what the first portion of your rant is about, but refusing to recognize abrahamic religions as anything but the last vestige of our ancestors' feeble attempts to understand and cope with a cruel world, that's not racism; it is common sense. If every world sect followed the abrahamic traditions of blood and conquest as sanctioned by a higher power, Native Americans, Africans, South Americans, African Americans, and more would be rising world wide. Besides, Palestine has as long a history in the middle east as Israel. 




 NSC-68 




 A history of the world, particularly the US, written from the peoples' point of view instead of that embracing the popular western view of the "great individuals." 




 I know the single document that led to the expansion of the military industrial complex in the US. It's also the reason that the US government decided to abandon ideas for offering free college education and health care. 




 I did and there's still no excuse. 




 It is very different and the Armenians who were purged by the Turks would tell you so in no uncertain terms. 




 I trust nothing on Wikipedia about Israel because there is a whole battalion of Israeli writers who troll the site removing anything negative. The same applies to reddit, where they seek out and downvote any opinion that casts Israel in a negative light. 




 Israel's hypocrisy is breathtaking. As a people, they attack any criticism of the country, including calling the holocaust into question, as antisemitic. But they are willing to ignore and deny the holocaust of the Armenian people. I'm disgusted. 




 Who didn't see this coming? Buckley didn't give the CIA the report it wanted so he's got to go. 




 Abraham...it would do away with three very pesky religions. Sorry slaves. 




 I could pay off my student loans. 




 Let's eat Grandma.  Instead of: Let's eat, Grandma. 




 Israel isn't contributing to negotiations with the people it's occupied, kept in a apartheid situation, and whose children are murdered. 




 That's it, Israel, keep killing Palestinian children; I'm sure that's working out wonderfully for Israel. 




 I wish. Maybe it happened to the person who took my place. 




 Quantum entanglement and spooky action at a distance. Scientists are using its properties to teleport atoms, but I still don't understand how this can occur. 




 Prostitutes...or maybe just their pimps? I prefer to think it's the former. 




 I, too, will be spending the 25th doing laundry. I will also be reading and taking notes on *Empire of Cotton: A Global History* by Sven Beckert. Sounds boring but its boner material for a historian. 




 I was wondering this myself. My dad is a deeply religious man who believed people had forgotten the true meaning of the holiday. As a family, we stopped giving presents or putting up decorations when I was a ten-year-old. Looking back, I now believe our family was too poor to afford the gift-giving aspect of the holiday and he used religion as an excuse. Today, the holiday has no meaning for me, especially now that I avoid religion. Friends get mad at me for refusing their gifts, but I just don't want to participate in what's essentially become an orgy of consumerism. My attitude often worked against me because I waited tables a good portion of my life in an upscale restaurant located in a five-star hotel that remained open 365 days a year. Guess who always got stuck working alone on xmas. 




 Americans are terrified of the word "socialism", dating back to the 1890s. If this "revolution" is to succeed, the movement will need to rebrand itself as a nonthreatening entity to gain a foothold among Americans.  




 Then I'm rude, who cares if I piss off a bunch of disillusioned fools that believe in fairy tales. 




 Because AA weren't given agency by local or national government. Before the SC ended separate-but-equal policies and congress passed the 1965 Civil Rights Act, AA were given the worst jobs at the lowest pay and they simply couldn't afford to "invest" in refurbishing coffee shops they weren't allowed to visit during the 1960s. You could argue against the injustices forced on AA, and others may agree with you, but you'd both be wrong. 




 Race has long played a role in housing restrictions, both in Europe and the Americas. These books explore the myriad ways local, state, and federal governments implemented policies that were driven by business interests. Two organizations performed dominate roles in policy creation - the United States Chamber of Commerce, and the National Association of Realtors. Both are lobbying groups with incredible power, but together they created the process of redlining and restrictive covenants. These practices assured white homeowners within the redlined districts or under covenants that the neighborhood would remain white. Participating homeowners could not sell their homes to anyone deemed unsuitable, to include just about all immigrants or AA. This meant our cities were incredibly stratified by race, with AA being forced into the most rundown and neglected neighborhoods by these restrictions and the cost of rents. As a consequence, the white business and political communities would point to the ruin and use it as an excuse as to why the two races could never co-mingle, ignoring the fact that local government policies gave AA nowhere else to live.  




 I can reply to the OP as a historian, and since one of the replies mentions Detroit, I'll suggest one of urban historians' favorite books: Sugrue, Thomas. The Origins of the Urban Crisis : Race and Inequality in Postwar Detroit. Princeton  N.J.: Princeton University Press, 1996.  
  
Sugrue tracks the decline of Detroit and places the blame squarely on the city's political and economic elite who promoted racist policies that promoted the ghettoization of African Americans in small clusters while whites fled to the suburbs. This is a matter repeated across american cities and I'll provide more books that address this subject:  
  
Hirsch, Eric. Urban Revolt : Ethnic Politics in the Nineteenth-Century Chicago Labor Movement. Berkeley: University of California Press, 1990.  
  
Kruse, Kevin. White Flight : Atlanta and the Making of Modern Conservatism. Princeton  N.J.: Princeton University Press, 2005.  
  
Avila, Eric. Popular Culture in the Age of White Flight : Fear and Fantasy in Suburban Los Angeles. Berkeley: University of California Press, 2006.  
  
Self, Robert. American Babylon : Race and the Struggle for Postwar Oakland. Princeton  N.J.: Princeton University Press, 2003.  
  
All of these texts reveal the persistence of local government in creating policies that marginalized AA or the poor using housing as an instrument in erecting boundaries designed to keep the elite shielded from the poor. Again, this trend has reversed with rising rents pushing the poor and minorities out of cities and into the suburban landscape. 




 Religion - it is the evilest invention of humanity. It stifles free thinking, promotes prejudice through difference, and its adherents' claims of moral superiority are ridiculous. For close to 1500 years it kept humanity in a state of intellectual decay that still persists. 




 USA - love it or leave it. 




 I wonder if the Koch brothers paid for this study? 




 NPR 




 I especially like wet naps. 




 Please understand that I didn't mean you're "all wrong" because that's not my intention. I'm sure there are a plethora of smart redditors, including yourself, but crowd sourcing the understanding of America's constitution is a risky way to get that information. For example, an individual may know a lot about performing surgery from reading literature about the subject, and even be able to speak the jargon. However, having never performed surgery, would you want this individual opening you up? It's simple for a person to regurgitate information that they learned on the history channel or discovery channel (both are horrible sources), even perhaps on wikapedia, but it's an understanding that's usually ideologically driven by the source, and is suspect. I'm also saying that american media has failed its audience because it no longer informs or challenges the prevailing dogma of contemporary political parties. In many instances a "news" channel will deliberately misinform its viewers to elicit a particular reaction. With such odds stacked against the average american it's no wonder they are poorly informed about their constitutional rights.  




 This will sound cruel, but that's the problem today with our population's understanding of government. We want the condensed version of things because we're overworked and find our downtime better spent on having fun. I challenge you to dig deeper, because when the light finally comes on in your head, your understanding of the protections offered by our Constitution will result in a feeling of disappointment at where our leaders have taken this country in the past twenty-five years. I am a professional historian so if you'd like a complete list of books on this subject I'd be glad to provide it. 




 To understand an inkling of the Constitution's authors intent requires reading a historiography on the subject.  
  
A good starting point is Peter H. Irons. A Peoples History of the Supreme Court. New York: Viking, 1999. Irons points out that the US was founded on the notion of law, but it was a law interpreted by the white, wealthy, landholding men, the majority of which were lawyers. The overwhelming problem facing the new government was slavery. "It seemed now to be pretty well understood," Madison said, "that the real difference of interest lay, not between the large and small but between the northern and southern states. The institution of slavery and its consequences formed the line of discrimination." For those who don't know, Madison was the only individual to keep complete notes about the process from start to finish. He was also the engine that drove the process, while Jefferson wasn't even there. He was serving as a diplomat in France when the Constitution was written. Madison's notes were not released until after all the participating members died. From these notes we know that "wealth" was used as an euphemism to describe slaves. His notes reveal the debate about just who should be allowed to vote in this new country. "The delegates argued about who should be allowed to vote in elections, because among the landed classes, those without lands were considered too ignorant to be trusted with voting. To alleviate their fears, the delegates decided that the state's legislators would choose the two members of the Senate, a rule that finally changed in 1913."(p 26)  
  
If we still followed the founders' thinking on government, a much smaller portion of the population would be allowed to vote. I offer this example to highlight that the Constitution's authors were imperfect men who tried to create a form of government that incorporated methods to change or amend the document as the nation grew. Those that argue we should adhere to their founding vision overlook the myopic nature of that vision. Additionally, injecting economic visions on the Constitution's authors is incredibly short sighted as the contemporary economic business model of capitalism was still sixty years away, and they had no idea how it would impact Americans.  




 Rob the guy robbing the bank, claim reward. 




 I'm not trying to piss people off, but I also don't believe in participating or enabling a belief in a fantasy. 




