 Hay their, he likes meet. 




 There's a reason why people who practice law are more respected than people in advertising. 




 Pork chop 




 Cambodia. 




 Tennessee is a very woody state. 




 That's a lot of pussy. 




 Because the thermostat was set at 58? 




 Because after all, today aviation history is being written in French! 














 TIL 




 Damn. Glad you're free. 




 Bet the sex was great though, right? 




 Nice try 




 Wat 




 Could they graft gills onto a human so they could breath underwater? 




 Nope.

But I make children laugh, which is more important than money. 




 Americans! Nobody hates Americans. 




 Thanks! I know there are much better PS folks here but it was fun. 




 Look [closer...](http://imgur.com/QsEMVD7) 




 The Jazz Monkeys. The J-Monkeys. 




 This is known in real estate circles as the "Mike Tyson rule." 




 /r/mildlysatisfying 




 Was it a good game? 




 Does that truck have...power steering? 




 I drove past that house. No grass, tree stumps, just a big house on a huge dirt lot in the middle of Richville. 




 That's about $20,000 more than all three of my cars are worth. 




 Wasn't technically a repost, on Reddit anyway. I checked karmadecay. Thanks. 




 I agree. 




 Mud. 




 Case of PF Chang's if I ever saw one. 




 Great, now the lockers are going to be full of shit. 




 That's a paddlin'. 




 Damn, I cannot do shit right today... 




 Did he burst in, grinning a grin, and yell "Danny boy, this is a showdown!" 




 You might want to get to a garage. 




 "Can I push in your stool?" 




 The elephant really cleanses the colon good. 




 Tree fiddy. 




 That looks...expensive. 




 So it's true, money gets you pussy. 




 14.1 megapixels is nothing to sneeze at. 




 Anaconda want cookies now, too. 




 I can almost see Don Johnson behind the wheel. 




 Social Distortion - Hard Times and Nursery Rhymes. 




 Perhaps I shouldn't have used "spotted," as it has a different context on /r/cars. Lesson learned. 




 That ring is almost big enough for Jeff Dabe. 




 Yeah I did. I spotted it while surfing online. 




 I would like to know how long this took you. Did you log the hours? 




 Heh, excellent answer, thanks! 









 Would you ever feel comfortable getting onto a plane that didn't have human pilots in the front? 




 Thoroughbred horse semen. 




 Aunt Bea, oh she has a face like an ass. 




 Make a fine fleet of paper airplanes. 




 A Rage Against the Machine sticker? 




 Did Mario sign that? 




 A U2 sticker on a Lexus. 




 Federal Reserve Bank in Chicago? 




 Being "abused" is not neccesarily the same as being "tracked."

I'd worry more if a 17 year old kid had been driving it around town, personally. 




 Lemme go on! 




 http://imgur.com/Hwz7XXD 




 The only thing flat in this picture is the picnic table. 




 That's anal street.

Edit: my " " key is broken. 




 Chocolate should be a staple of everyone's diet. 




 "Bring out the gimp." 




 Now that's my kind of fruit. 




 I'd chalk this all up to being a really good artist. 




 Sounds like an officious prick to me. 




 In thrust they trust. 









 I will try it again. Hope it is the same for me! 




 I didn't like Weezer's Blue album when it came out. 




 Love that one. 









 Fruity Pebbles  




 1964.

"In August 1964 these former Strategic Air Command KC-97Gs -- by then assigned to the Illinois Air National Guard's 126th Air Refueling Wing out of O'Hare International Airport -- refueled Air National Guard F-100D Super Sabres in the first non-stop trans-Atlantic deployment of guard fighters to Europe." 




 That puts the CUM in Cucumber. 




 WTF Brazil is this entertaining? 




 I was just making a joke about how "Beautiful colour" seems rather redundant when speaking of a DB 5. They are so beautiful no matter what colour they are... 




 Beautiful...color?

Drop dead gorgeous automobile, period. 









 They invested profits in real estate, restaurants, etc. 




 Maybe if you were sitting in the front! 




 Also, the [Silent Type](http://imgur.com/6b4EeVr) 









 Yeah that last line kind of came out of left field. 




 Super Friends! 




 Wonder Woman. 




 Vodka 




 Jar Jar is the best character from Star Wars. 




 Shit my pants.

Then, go buy new pants. Made of gold. 




 Yes. That's why it would have been good advice in 1985. 




 Here's the thing, if the founders hadn't seen the writing on the wall and diversified the business, you'd be working at a gas station. 




 Seriously? They are now a real estate/pizza/cable tv company. I bet less than 10% of their revenue comes from video rentals. 




 We call it "Doing the Fonz." 




 Ask your Mom. 




 I...I don't think I do. 




 Does your brother know you're gay? 




 Are you carrying cargo in your shorts or are you just happy to see me? 




 Recently, or in the 90's? 




 Thanks! 




 What's the story with the American flag bottom? 




 Olympic Flame? 




 Lindsay Lohan. 




 Vandalism, BITCH! 




 Sword of Scathing, +3. 




 Here yo [go,](http://imgur.com/SWeG9Wn) bro.

EDIT: realized this doesn't have a square. Sorry! 




 You only get screwed if you are a grapefruit. 




 Well I meant...where is it specifically? In the owner's box? Corporate box? 




 Check out Dan Carlin's Hardcore History. 




 Cool!

Where is it? 




 A tiny picture? 




 I have OS 10. It crashes when I try to open MS Word. 




 You should open a video rental store! 




 Don't. Archer is a jerk, Pam is crazy, and Mallory is just a huge bitch. 




 When you are projectile vomiting. 




 Tightrope walker? 




 Coder/programmer. 




 Redditor! 




 Comic collector. 




 Guitar! 




 Civ player? 




 That's as vague as you can describe it? 




 Dock dogs? 




 The "pretty lights" threw me off! 




 PC Building? 




 WoW player. 




 Astronomy. 




 Brewer? 




 You raise donkeys. 




 Pilot? 




 Biathlon? 




 Guitar player! 




 Whoa. Tough one... 




 Does it have to do with DJing? 




 20 years of a normal person's bacon intake is about three of mine, though. 




 That's the bomb, dude. 




 I'm giving myself credit for shooting range. 




 They sell balloons in bulk. 




 What the... 




 Clarinet player? 




 You make rugs? 




 I give up. All I can think of are cardboard targets. 




 Are they Playboys? 




 That flight probably flew through a wormhole. 




 Mmmm...beer. 




 Could be anything! Books, maps, figurines, pipes, guns, flags, stamps, furniture... 




 Archery? 




 Why hasn't anybody guessed this yet?

Driving me crazy...

 




 Model rocketeer! 




 Rugby? 




