 The thing is... the guy is on TV releasing *why* they aren't indicting Wilson but the people are already going nuts..., why don't people want to know the truth. If you showed up tonight, you we're already decided on the issue.  




 I apologize for being 4 months late on this but when I saw your message I finally decided to take action!

http://imgur.com/a/vpidO 




 My last name is Jones.., this makes me uncomfortable. 




 Nothing. 




 Taken right at the time that she told your dad she's  pregnant.  




 This is the coolest thing I've ever seen in my life. *CRIES* 




 We get it! You have a Porsche, God.... OP is such a freakin show off! 




 Ya I never negotiate my commission, but I also put about $600-800 into each one of my listings. I guess it just depends on the amount of service you want.  




 Barack Obama and Betty White.  




 I'm a realtor in the area. I don't typically do rentals but pm me your name and numbe and we'll find you something. I have a program that lets me set basically any criteria I want, it's all free of charge I'll just give you the list of properties and you can call. 




 That's all a shame, not sure why this question got down voted but Ive been itching to take a little bit and was thinking about either a free share or back to UO (more for the relationships then for the new style of play) but have also been checking in on SOA every month or so. Considered putting some money into the startup but I just don't see too much I like as of now.  




 Trees a squarter 




 You gotta lay the 'D' before the 'D' gets laid on you.  




 I've looked at PvP videos and it clearly doesn't look anything like Pvp on UO. Just to save the comment, "you know why... it's not UO!" I get that but anybody who has had early access, what is the PvP like? Is this a game I should get behind? 




 I had around $1,800 in GTAT on Friday, I have about $180 today. I upvoted. 




 Ah nice well hopefully somebody will purchase GTAT and the stocks I have in right now will be worth something but everything indicates it won't be. 




 Nice where in VA? I live in Va Beach. 




 I left work around 1 PM. My gf works for the local news so she doesn't go in until 3. Immediately came in and just went to pound town. She left. I made some bacon. Laid in bed most the day with the itis. Met some clients at 6:00, came home around 7:15, got in some sweats, cooked some more bacon, now I'm awaiting the football game. 




 Well as a new person involved in stocks I learned a valuable lesson today. Luckily considering I'm new and rather young I only had about $2,000 in stocks, I said luckily because I'm reading on message boards of people losing 80-150k. I guess I just sit on my stocks and hope some way in hell I get something out of it? *sighs* A big lesson in life today. 




 Xbox one 




 Wish y'all the best of luck! I've always wished I could make my own shard but .. stupid life always in the way 




 I agree about the watch. Do I think it was overhyped? Absolutely but I do think we'll eventually stabilize around $15-16 and by then I'm hoping the rumor mill will pick up again with the iPhone 6S. The news now? A lot of speculating is going on but the two big ones; the original quarter reports we're correct and the profits they showed won't be altered with the absence of the iPhone, there is some sort of partnership with the upcoming Tesla announcement. (I don't really see this one but just saying what I've been seeing) 




 I was raised on Va Beach near Virginia Beach Blvd. we used to have trucks come through in the summer atleast once a month but I love on Shore Drive now and I never see them.  




 I was with you until I saw Xbox 360... :( 




 Well this just happened.. Not in high school anymore but I'm impressed:
http://abc7chicago.com/news/2-female-teachers-arrested-over-threesome-with-student/333793/ 




 Been dropping, dropping dropping, and I've been buying it up every dollar or so but it just sky rocketed back up to around $11.20, what in the hell is going on? 

Are we guaranteed good news next week? 




 That's so awesome you haven't had any complications. Prayers for you from Virginia! 




 I was just thinking of a realistic standpoint. The game isn't worth $14 month but they have to earn money. If they did it similar to transfer tokens etc. it would be interesting. Atleast bring more life to the game. I think they couldn't exploit UO as EA enjoys to do because they would be competing against 3rd party resource and skill trainer services. Just my 2 cents, didn't expect to be down voted back to Deceit dungeon.  




 I think everybody has a tough time deciding a "perfect era" but I think a pre-trammel period of any sort would peak a lot of interest. 




 As easy as it is for skill gain, I think UO should consider free to play model now. The game is so dated, add skills like $25-50 to 120 a skill etc. 

This way people could jump in rather easily. I know I would have an account to at least BS on and log on occasionally to see what's going on. They might not make a ton of money off me but that would at least be one more person logging in that hasn't for years now.  




 OR HE ATE IT!!! EWWWWW
 




