 I watched a documentary a while ago which was about 100+ year old japanese people and they were all interacting with little kids,  like running races with them and playing games, they said it helped keep them 'young'. It was only a small community but they were one of the happiest groups of people in japan. 
 




 I'm 100% sure that they are 




 Dipped in peanut butter 




 You do it.  I'm too poor. But then share the treats with me 




 The wild birds like this wake me up every morning yelling the same kind of nonsense.   




 Ive always done it when i have a cough and trying to sleep. It's magic i think.   




 Oooh wow!  You lost like 20 years.  




 Its edgy. I'll sell my art for hundreds on etsy 




 Sadly yes.  
She even tried to argue with me when i pointed out that the turbines were built on top of hills that were formed by fault lines which cause the tremors. 
She was still certain that the government is trying to kill us.  




 Most of my dreams are equally strange. 
Last night I was taking a train through canada with three jack russel puppies and was photographing canadas wild koalas.  




 Wind turbines cause earth tremors 
 




 Why is my bf stealing my eggs? Maybe i want to keep them and use them for crafts or something. Geez.  




 I refer to my nephews as turd-burger, jabberwocky, henny penny and my neice is bum face. 

I love them.   




 Also people are more open about and accepting of mental and physical disorders now, we don't pretend the disabled don't exist and hide them away.   




 There's a difference between having something in your mouth and having something in your blood stream.   




 aw, poor kitty, and poor little Ryilee. 

This isn't funny, this is a heart wrenching story. Did you even look at the cats face?
http://krtv.images.worldnow.com/images/6727560_G.jpg
that is a sad cat.  




 Waggy tail 3 




 explain 




 when your housemate takes everything you loaded into the dishwasher out again so there's room for all his crap.  




 that's strange. Why since you got pregnant? I don't understand!  




 Self-serve checkouts and my best friend. I still hate shopping, but it makes it that little bit easier.  




 Once I got my best to do a trigonometry test for me in high school so I wouldn't fail 




 weird, never seen that. In australia it comes in either cardboard cartons or plastic jugs.  




 They're my cousins, she raises them after they've been orphaned.  




 yessss! just in time for valentines day! 




 Well, I have a big girly crush on Bill Nighy, he's brilliant, but he is 40 years older than me.  




 I dont think it's shady, people swap doctors etc. all the time for lots of different reasons. 

It does make sense, that we haven't adapted to this high pressure, academic kind of lifestyle, which is why I think a psychologist would be useful to see, because it is stressful and discouraging at times. But on the other hand, if you do have ADHD, medications really really do help. But some people don't take medication for it and work on other calming and focusing techniques. 

Do a bit of research and read through other threads on this subreddit for ideas of how to deal with studying, and work out what you think will be best for you. 

It is a pretty confusing situation, with the different opinions on ADHD out there. I honestly didn't really think it was real until I was diagnosed and saw improvements in my studies on medication. 

 




 Oh.. no... but I want to knock it.  




 you can tell a lot about a person by what they throw out.  




 defenatly this 




 one time I was travelling alone in the USA (I'm Australian), I was in a motel and there was this pretty overweight guy playing cards on his own, there was no one else around, he asked me to join him. We played cards for a few hours, then went our separate ways. This was 6 years ago, but I still think about how wonderful that guy was, he was beautiful.  




 except the people who are jerks and don't deserve respect. 

But I like what you're saying a lot. I would like that better too.   




 any mac   cheese with ketchup  




 simmered in a rich, spicy dark gravy of pig blood

pass 




 oh wow, thats expensive. Sorry it didn't go as planned. 

I'm not exactly sure what you should do. Maybe try a psychologist but keep searching for a better psychiatrist. It's excellent that you got the referral and the appointment so easily though, maybe you will be equally lucky in the future. 

I just did a quick google search, and it looks like there are quite a few psychiatrists in brisbane who specialise in adult adhd. Write up a list of names of any close to you and take that to your doctor. 




 it might be due to the oil left from your hands that dust and dirt settles on and sticks to.  




 probably because their minds are crowded with other every-day thoughts.  




 let me know how it goes, if you like. And you're welcome, it's always useful to have someone to talk to.  




 yeah, demand that referral, it really sounds like you need it. 

It sounds exactly like what I go through, the coloured notes, taking for ever to get work done and being too alert of my surroundings. exactly the same. so annoying. 

I didn't research drugs much, but my psychiatrist did give me some information sheets on the different ones available. its excellent that you've been researching it, I think it really shows that you're taking this seriously, I hope you doctor sees that. 

I think it's a good idea to take in your uni work, you might not need to show it, but it's good to have 'evidence', i dont think it will work against you. 

Good luck with your doctors appointment. :) 




 my psychiatrist gave me a few options for medication, but I only recognised dex, so i chose it just because of that and he didn't have anything bad to say about it. 

I know how you feel, about putting so much effort in to everything, it gets really tiring, it's not fun at all.

I'm not sure if psychologists can give referrals or not, sorry. But my psychiatrist recommended I see a psychologist as well as take the medication. I only had one appointment though, I wish I'd stuck with it, but I just couldn't be bothered I think. it wouldn't be a bad idea to look into seeing a psychologist too, and I believe you get 10 free sessions a year. 

Just be honest with your doctor, and be demanding if you have to.  




 you're welcome 




 and the dog'z' doesn't help.  




 http://www.dogzonline.com.au/ this seems to have responsible, respected breeders. I was looking for dalmatians for my parents last year (didn't end up getting one), but I found this to be the best website for looking.  




 I used to always check the time at 10:03 am, not intentionally, it just always seemed to happen.  




 who doesnt want their own itteh bitteh kitteh committeh?  




 once my cousin, when he was about 4 (i think) sleepwalked into the kitchen, got a sharp knife, cut his tongue, went back to bed.  




 Back in nineteen-dickety-doo, my great grandfathers family died of starvation trying to Makens meat. RIP, you brave souls.  




 they don't exist 




 I'd suggest you start looking now, and try and find one that will specialise in ADHD, when I was searching I found that there were quite a few around so hopefully you don't have any difficulties with that. It's just that some don't believe in ADHD for whatever reason, my cousin sees one who doesn't believe in it, but she lives rurally so has no other options, he's very rude and condescending. 

The dosage and type of medication will vary. I chose dexamphetamine, and my psychiatrist recommended I start on 20mg a day and then increased it to 25 after a while. It will depend on your body and how severe your possible ADHD appears.  




 All of the above, anything that has a significant positive or negative affect on a lot of people and is 'news worthy ',  just without all the fear mongering,  the dramatization, the appeal to emotions, the propaganda, i just want the facts,  i don't want to be told how to feel about it. 
 




 The plain, simple,  facts. 




 I'm in Adelaide, and the long wait seems pretty standard, between 1-4 months so you might get lucky. 
And the script is for 6 months but you only usually get 1 or 2 months worth of drugs at a time. 




 Due to hormonal and physical changes in pregnancy  




 Yep,  the script is for 6 months worth of medication. the wait for psychiatrists is generally a few months, it was three months between getting my referral and having my first appointment.  I'd recommend you get onto it soon because it's likely you'll have a long wait also. 

Try not to worry about what other people think. This is your life and you have to do what's best for you,  its hard not feeling good enough,  constantly failing or struggling. Get to a psychiatrist asap, and even if it turns out you don't have adhd, I'm sure they will be able to help you in other ways.   




 it's probably different with different psychiatrists, but my first appointment was 1 hour, where he got me to answer a bunch of questions, then we discussed my family history, my personal/social/student life and such. when he had determined that I indeed did have ADHD, he told me about the different medications and therapies available. He recommended that I go on medication because it was really affecting me, i was failing uni classes, so I chose to go on dex, just because I'd heard about it before. 

the appointments after that were only half hour ones, where he asked for an update, gave me my new prescription, then we talked politics until the time was up. 

I thought it was good that he gave me option other than medications, but that he recommended that I take them. 

 




 I think it's fine, and it is what I did. Doctors are there to help everyone. You are hopefully just over-thinking this and it will actually be a very simple process getting into a psychiatrist. 

It sucks that there are those people out there who ruin things for others, but hopefully medical professionals can tell the honest ones from the liars. 

Also, my psychiatrist charged $70 and my appointments were every six months, so it was pretty affordable, but I was getting youth allowance and had a centrelink health care card for the medication discount (something like $5 down from $30) - if any of that helps. 

Explain everything to your doctor if you feel the need, or if she asks, like your mother not believing in it, having to save up, be honest and open about how your studies are affected. 
 




 I'm Australian too. If you're really concerned about being judged, you can say it's for your mental health in general. University can be very stressful even without additional difficulties with ADHD. If you aren't lying to get your referral, I suppose it doesnt matter which one you go with. 

Also, I looked up psychiatrists in my area that dealth with ADHD, as some wont, or don't think it exists. important to find someone who will listen to you. 

Although, if your doctor is half decent she shouldn't be judging your reasons for seeking a psychiatrist.  




 I want a monkey hug. what a cute little kid.  




 I'll wait until your future AMA, so I don't feel like a weirdo PMing you a long list of questions. :D 




 thats weird that they have a weight limit, dogs can be good or bad behaved no matter what their size. 
Glad you got to keep your dog, I would hate to have to give up a pet due to housing, it would be heartbreaking.  




 I'm not an expert at all, but I would say it's definitely worth getting checked out. 

I worried about that too, people assuming I just want drugs, but my psychiatrist asked me a lot of question, about family history and everything, and I suppose I could lie about everything, but he seemed certain that I had ADHD and thought it was unfortunate that I hadnt got diagnosed earlier, because I really fell behind in school. He then told me that dexamphetamines can sell for up to $10 per 5mg, which seems like a lot, but I didnt find out. 

I would tell your doctor that you believe you have ADHD, maybe do a few online tests (I know they are diagnostic, but there are pretty accurate ones out there) and take the results in, I did that and the doctor agreed that I should be checked by a psychiatrist.  




 oh wow! I can't even imagine what that must be like. was it hard to accept? You should do an AMA, i could ask you a million things. 
 




 You sound a lot like me, very very similar problems. I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 23 after suspecting it for a few years. 

I think you should tell your doctor that you want a referral, not ask her, but straight up tell her. She can't refuse to. 

But also ask her about ways to help your memory and organisation, because learning those things is really important to, and she might have some good techniques that can help.  




 I want a dog. worst part about renting.  




 what did you have amputated? why? I always feel awkward around amputees, not that I see them often, but I am curious and want to look, but don't want to offend them by staring. I never think anything negative about it, only curiosity.  




 So brave!  




 I always understood it to be because 'she' carries life. As in a womb. 




 Oh gosh,  that's horrible.  

But i wasn't arguing, they are usually very clean, and poop on the walls just means that room gets extra clean.  




 Being stung by a stingray. I used to fearlessly enter the sea now its a scary scary place full of danger and pain.   




 When people say sammich I wish them a life without sandwiches from that point.  




 Shit happens...it sure does.  

My sister cleaned hotel rooms for a few months.  Said she cleaned up more poop during that time than she did while raising four kids
 




 We exist  




 In south Australia, in Celsius around 14 degrees. Sometimes up to 20 if it's stormy.  




  a bed. people love beds. Beds see all aspects of life.   




 Never seeing my family,  friends,  pets, other things i love ever again.  




 Rewinding tapes 




 Love is a feeling that you feel 




 It isn't gay people themselves that need recognition, it's that their sexuality needs to be recognised as legitimate, and many governments need to recognise that they deserve the same basic rights as heterosexuals. 




 Ive seen them in target or kmart or both, though I'm not sure on the quality 




 Good rule to follow: don't argue with people on Facebook, they're always right,  even when they're wrong.   




 Pretty!  I haven't seen wild budgies for years.   




 Probably our babies,  because that's what a pouch is for.  




 I guess its interesting-ish. I'm confused about it, people do very strange things.   




 Hi all, 
One of my fb friends has discovered one of her flying foxes had been stolen from a locked cage in her yard. 
If anyone knows anything contact fauna rescue and the police. 

She rescues and rehabilitates flying foxes that are orphaned or injured, many came into her care during the last heat wave.  She cares a great deal about each one.  
 




 Even Adelaidians and rural south Australians have slightly different accents.  




 Some places will experience colder weather than usual while others will experience hotter than usual, but on average the temperature will be hotter by 1 degree. 
Its the severity of the weather that is the concern, more extreme weather that is causing the rise in temperature. 
 




 Some sharks do rest on the sea floor or in a shelter of some kind while others, like the great white,  need to continue swimming  




 Because the liberals gave labor hell for changing leaders, they can't just go and do the same thing a few years later.  




 It also is usually how were brought up, we're usually encouraged from birth to befriend others of our own sex. Our parents, teachers, other influencers all do this, intentionally or not.  
 




 I want to be that girl 









 Therapy / rehab are good alternatives. 




 They may pass out from smoke inhalation before the fire burns them.   




 No,  I've seen birds get electrocuted  on power lines,  theres no way they would survive it,  instant death.  I did see one leave both its legs on the power line.  Sad.  




 Precious!  




 Im not exactly sure, because i dont know what country you're in and o dont read  tv guides. But it might be to do with how complex the simpsons story lines are, making it difficult to provide a short synopsis. 
The episodes often tie in multiple story lines and start with one story only to finish with another... with multiple  other stories in between 
 




 What is the speed of light?  299,792,458 m/s

Edit: in a vacuum  




 thanks! And same to you 




 cuddle.  




 An eyelash in your eye will irritate it,  causing your eye to water and 'flush out' the lash, it won't stay in there.  




 http://imgur.com/i36tZ3U
This is a pictute of me before   starting day 1 of 'Zombies 5k' 
I've tried and failed to lose weight numerous times over the years (im 25, been overweight since my early teens ), but i recently reached my highest weight ever and i realised how important it is to get healthy and lose this weight.  My starting weight was 107kg in November, since then i started the keto diet and am now 97kg. Now I'm increasing my exercise. 

Im hoping  that by sharing this that I will  have more motivation to stick to my weightloss this time and finally be successful, i want to put a progress picture alongside this one and see real change in my body. I want to lose this weight and I'm going to lose this weight.  Hold me to my word reddit. 




 Probably nothing amazing 




 Its an efficient  and fast way of travel. its thought to have evolved as a way for macropods to quickly escape predators as they can accelerate quickly by hopping.  




