 is no one going to mention that pile of scallops?
 




 At least he's trying to make some deep convo too  




 cute... cat 




 Same in Belgium. They don't have to wear it while driving passengers (so that they can get out fast if someone tries to do a runner?) 




 Wow, you should definitely complain because that's a disgusting way to treat a person. Being completely honest, probably nothing will happen. I think you should complain for your own peace of mind and in the hopes it ends up in some sort of record. If you can give enough detail, maybe the asshole in question will get a slap on the wrist. I'm sure you're not the only person that ran away from a controller. The stib controllers are there to check your ticket, not critique your life. 




 *chants*  Quit! Quit! Quit! 




 
-I'd say most people on here are from Flanders

- I think you could be right about that. I think Walloons tend to be more into French culture, they have a bigger market that Dutch speaking areas so we have to turn to English media

- I have honestly no idea! 

- I'd say it goes for the whole country. We tend to see ourselves as two different people but when someone from the outside turns on us, suddenly we're all Belgians. 

- Being totally honest, yes. I personally think it's not done to eat with only your fork if you have company and I think a lot of people will agree.

- I agree with all of those, but I always like giving tourists Duvel for the hell of it. They think it's like lager while it's twice as strong at least! 




 I especially enjoyed Wouter Beke's posthumous stab at Stevaert's politics in the last decade. Exellent way of sharing your condolences.  




 endive gratin is the best thing in the world (even better when a grandmother makes it) 




 just bring toilet seat covers. Jeez. 




 Dude if you think it's a worm, post it in r/worm or something. I'm out here looking what I wanna cook for dinner tomorrow, and it's NOT WORMS 




 Then i wasn't the only one who noticed! It worries me because a lot of young people party over there (including me). It would make sense if it's a gang of some sort. I mean, a couple of people can easily toss a drunk teen/young person into icy water without any further damage.  




 Hodei, the exchange student that still hasn't been found was last seen in that neighborhood. They found another student named Germain in a different dock. There was also a portuguese man was found in yet another dock. I believe a couple of months ago they found another body that they couldn't identify. Don't know if this is a common thing in areas with docks but it just sprang to my attention that there have been a lot of people going missing and being found around there. 




 It's a little worrying how a handful of perfectly healthy young men have disappeared in that part of the city in the past few months and then turn up dead without any signs of violence (or don't turn up at all) 




 This kind of thing is probably what got the village fool castrated in the olden days 




 holy dad 




 You look amazing! That dress is very flattering on you as well 




 If someone you know has a penis (ANY penis) that looks like that, please send them to a doctor 




 I have a cookbook from roald dahl too and made lollipops on the back of pens a while back... Best purchase ever. Will try this sometime soon!! 




 I believe this was at tomorrowland. You could bump your head to the bass from a city away. 




