 I had problems with this too. It took some time for me to remember that oficially Theon killed Sansa brothers. That's what everybody was told. Only he and maybe some of his guards know that those burned kids were actually some peasant's sons. 




 I'm not implying it's easy. I know well how hard it is. I've been what people call an introvert all my life, and I still am. I have had problems with anxiety, depression and OCD. I've always been socially inept. But something I have learn is that you have to make an effort to change, you have to push your limits again and again, you have to expose yourself to whatever you fear.

I had social phobia. People still scares me. But this started to change the moment I decided I wanted to change, that I had to face my fears, I had to expose myself to people so it would have less and less power over me.

All I say is this "fucking normies" or "normies suck" or "being normal is wrong" attitude scares me, because is spreading and many people seems to really mean it, beyond memes and irony and REEEEs. I fear that the hikkikomori problem could spread to the western world. 




 Ok. My english is still not perfect. 




 It amazes me that nobody ever mentioned to me that goats make human shouts and frogs scream. I didn't know until a couple years ago thanks to the internet. 




 What? 




 In a certain way, as a non digital native, it scares me that people joke about being just a normal and socially adjusted person. I want to believe they are just joking, but sometimes, because of the things I read, I'm not so sure.

There is nothing great about being socially anxious or having social phobia. There is nothing great in wasting all your time alone at home playing videogames or surfing the web. If you don't feel comfortable at parties or crowds, ok, I understand it, I can relate to that. Don't force yourself to do something that makes you feel bad. But, for god sake, try to be social, get some friends, talk to people, go to some events in your town, get some laid. Either way, you are gonna have a very sad existence.

I want to believe I'm just taking too seriously a bunch of jokes in an imageboard, but sometimes I don't know. People seem so serious about it. 




 This is one of the main concepts in Stephen King's "The Dark Tower". The world of the protagonist is inside a leaf of grass that is located in an empty plot (I don't know if this is the right word) in New York. The leaf is rotting, and so is that world. 




 You are crazy 




 There would always be hackers that would find the way to hack the voting system and try to change things accordingly to their will. Some of them would be freelance, some of them will be paid by certain parties or lobbies. Some of them would be more sutile and some of them will just unchain numeric chaos.

I've seen polls hacked many times, like in the Eurovision Show or that time Moot was voted most influential man in 2009 Time's poll. 




 You are super cute. I'd love to see you in a schoolgirl uniform. Just an idea. 




 Anyway, it's a good compilation. 




 Please, don't upvote this. It has 666 votes right now. It's perfect this way. 




 Yeah, maybe I should edit the title and add "In a NEAR future". 




 I checked, and nah, it's just a [scorpion fly](http://geekologie.com/2012/09/11/scorpion-fly-1.jpg) 









 There is a proof: I remember perfectly my past lives. I was a peasant in every one of them. That was boring. 




 They are probably gonna give me weird looks, but I've played worse things in parties, usually just to annoy people. 









 You are hacking your penis. 




 Actually it has more to do with my dad's kind of sense of humor. He likes those gags in the movies when somebody kicks a dog or something like that. He loved "A fish called Wanda". They kill a lot of little dogs in that one. 




 My dad laughed his ass off when we went to the cinema to watch this movie, back in the days. 




 They could communicate if they have an interpreter. They could have interesting things to talk about, like their problems being disabled or accesing to information. 




 Where in America? Like, in Colombia? 




 Ok, I will help you. I'm on my way. I'm in Spain, though. Where are you? I'm gonna have to take a plane, maybe. That will take some hours. 




 They might end flirting because they like each other and they experienced a funny situation together, and he knows she finds him cute. That has nothing to do with a prank, unless it is proven in the movie, which I didn't watch. 




 Why? 




 That youtube channel is bananas! 




 I think next time I'm the DJ in a party I'm going to play this. 




 You obviously haven't seen enough rule 34 material. 




 Learn a poetry from heart, like [The Pirate Song](http://www.grijalvo.com/Citas/b_Espronceda_Cancion_pirata.html) or [El Romance del Prisionero](http://www.poesi.as/indx0001.htm) (this one is shorter). 




 Great. She is one of my favorite voices in the show. 




 The interpreter and the deaf guy started laughing because they found the situation ridiculous. 




 Prank? He's just a deaf guy trying to use a sex hot line through an interpretation service. I admit it's something unusual, but when you are an interpreter you have to face awkward situations all the time, and you compromise to do your job, respecting your user rights and desires.

Thanks for the subtitles. Unfortunately my deaf friends are spanish and they wont understand english. I don't know what I was thinking in the first place, hehe. 




 I will use this video in the future. 




 The world never ceases to amaze me. 




 I'd like to lick it. I bet it sticks to your tongue and tastes sour. 




 I recommend this album, by the way. I recently discovered Coil and they are certainly interesting and innovative. 




 Call me crazy, but I think this video is about feet fetish. 




 All this guy's videos are titled the same 




 It seems we don't have to be worried about this girl. Apparently her and this guy are good friends. He was kicked out his parents house and she helped him.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ScU90xw9LUg 




 Hey, he's a musician. He can't be a bad guy. 




 thank mr skeltal 




 As a former sign language interpreter I must say this girl is making many severe professional mistakes. Things you can be sanctioned for, like lying or removing information. The deaf user could even report her and she would be in trouble. She should translate absolutely everything and don't lie at all. But I guess realism will ruin the fun of the scene.

I wish this was fully subtitled, not only the signs. I could share it with my deaf friends and they would find it hilarious, I'm sure. 




 Who's that girl? 




 I will them mine how life was like in the 80's and 90's 




 I bet the DG guys will love this video.

Also, I laughed at this moment: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9NqFVC0Lwc t=3m23s 




 Thanks for sharing. I love to read about other people experiences. 




 Tool used it too in the hidden track "faaip de oidad"

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83R54yAB5Cw 




 What power do you mean? 




 I thought it was the sound of an egg being fried, layered 309 times. 




 These are the most perfect tits I'v ever seen. Saved. 




 I like how in Reddit you usually can make a question and people really give you an answer, instead of getting the "learn to use google" answer that you get in most of the other sites, like 4chan and many, many forums.

You are cool people, redditors. 




 Not flawless. He forgot to post the dubs-man meme picture. 




 I was trying to be sarcastic, but it seems that I failed.

It was a way of saying that u/Bluecool was being a jerk, not taking the effort of sharing the video.

I searched "Death grips sxsw", "mc ride attacks camera" and "stefan burnett attacks camera" and found nothing. It's not so easy. 




 One of the favorite facts I can think of right now is that they decided to leak No Love Deep Web inspired by Magic The Gathering tactics. Zach's brother is a Magic player and told him about control decks, which basically take control over the opponent's cards and turn them against him. So they got into a simbolic stage of power, the Chateau Marmont hotel, frequented by celebrities, and leaked the album from inside. It's all post-modern magic to me. Epic wanted to control them, so they took control.

You can find better explanations of this story here:

http://pitchfork.com/features/interviews/9004-death-gripz/
http://blogs.artinfo.com/spotlight/2012/11/20/death-grips-are-not-pranksters-just-fans-of-magic-the-gathering/ 




 The trout mask 




 Yeah, just search "mc Ride attacking camera" and it will get you straight to the exact minute and second of the video where that happens.

Jeez, man. 




 This is quite hypnotizing too 




 Right, if people is upvoting this there must be a reason, but I must also listen the opinion of those who frequent this board and were here before than me. Of course, if they don't see it as a proper material, they can just downvote the thing, but I'm interested in everybody's opinion. 




 Thanks for all the explanations, guys. I posted this just because I thought it was a funny comment, just the kind of stuff I usually see posted on this sub. But I see some people have higher standards than that. I'll have that in mind next time. 




 OP here. I'd like to know what I did wrong. I thought this fitted well with this subreddit purpose. But since some of you seem upset, I'd like you to explain to me what's wrong with this post.

Thanks. 




 It seems a lot of people is coming to the same thought, then. 




 Something similar happens to me with porn. After some hours watching porn, I go to bed and when I close my eyes I see bodies, tits, nude girls everywhere. 




 Not very original. I've seen this one before in Twitter and 4chan. 




 Surf the internet, read books, watch films and chat with friends. Sometimes dance helps too. 




 Sure OP will deliver 




 That was boring 









 I just see a hot thing burning other things 




