




 $5 / month 

best price for HBO, ESPN, Netflix,   any other streaming service 




 couldn't they just check the server logs for gamertags?  




 When I got the XB1 at launch, I had some problems. Was speaking with a customer support specialist   they gave me some advice:

When installing a game from disc, disconnect from the network. If connected to network, the console will recognize the disc but install from their servers for newest version (if available). 

If install from disc  way faster

(never tried it, I'm rocking disc-less)
 




 My biggest complaint so far... it takes up space   distracts me from the screen. The HUD is pretty congested as is.  




 1) who can ever read those signs when they're being swung / spun around

2) do those signs ever draw in more than $8 in profits per hour (the cost of paying a sign person) to justify paying for it?  




 let's see: Xbox, then 3x for LAN parties, then PC, then Anniversary, then now...nope, 6th 




 There's a conversation I've had at least 8 times in my life. I meet someone   we talk about books. They say, "I love Stephen King", "He's my favorite writer",   sometimes "I've read everything he's written"

Then I reply, "How did you like the Dark Tower series?"

They say, "Oh, I haven't read that"

It's easily his best work. Book 1 was written early in his career (  re-written). It's Ok. Book 2 is better. Book 3 starts a great series. The fact it relates to other Stephen King books is only icing on the cake... 




 He was cocky. He let the crowd get in his head. He lost his cool / rhythm. The last play was supposed to center the game tying field goal (or throw out of bounds)   the kid blew it by not following the play.  The same punk that blew the egg bowl last year showed up last night...

Also, we need a RB who isn't 190 lbs. We called too many running plays (they weren't working).  




 millions of americans are tired of 'surviving' off less than a living wage.  




 yo momma so dumb, she got fired from the M M factory for throwing away the W's...

yo momma's so fat, she put a fridge on her hip   called it a beeper 
(obviously from the 90's) 

yo momma do dumb, she climbed a tree   applied to be branch manager

 









 In 1999, a year before the 2000 election, I began tinkering with the idea of a site that would match a person with their best suggested politician. 

The idea was to let a person take a political litmus test   get matched with a politician. It wouldn't be a social network (the user would have the same privacy you have in a voting booth). The test(s) would be as in depth as the user was willing to go. Daily quizzes / questionnaires / polls. The site would also link users to potential blogs, articles, resources, charities, or anything relative to the users interests. 

I worked on this project for several years. I met with programmers, political science instructors, politicians, message boards, etc. The plan was to work on a major election (presidential)   work our way down to local level politics.

Then a couple years ago a programmer I had tried to enlist sent me this link. I knew instantly that someone had beaten me to the punch. 

I recommend this site for anyone trying to make an informed decision. It's an excellent tool. I urge you not to vote with your gut. Don't blindly support one party. Don't vote based on income, class, etc. Don't make a decision as important a vote without some research. Hopefully this will help.  














 when wolvy comes back (  he will), he'll appear less 'Hugh Jackman'   more (insert next actor lined up to play him)... 




 If you melee them, they sometimes release a reward 




 I haven't seen any purple/yellow weapons in the post game for any of me or my teammates in the last 3 weeks.

But before that, every time I saw one was when it was given to the worst player on the team... 




 Been a XBOX Live member since launch

Been a rewards member since launch

Got a XBOX One at launch

Where's my reward?  




 in perspective, it's nice to see where my money   time has been spent for the past decade... 




 it would be great if in the new trilogy, someone uses the cloning tech to clone Raven/Malak expecting them to be a Sith apprentice...  




 Guess the Win 9 is going to be free rumors are true?  




 never noticed how much that ship looks like a huge rifle...  




 if Bungie wasn't so vague with the story... 




 Honest question...  




 well put. I 100% agree with you: getting tired of replaying this game, having to  'work' to get stuff (I say work, because it's taking up a lot of my time), which is common of MMOs...

But: compare Destiny to Halo (what we primarily know Bungie for):

The Destiny story has more play ability than any Halo campaign. I usually play a Halo campaign once on Legendary co-op, another solo Legendary,   usually various sittings to get achievements. We can up the difficulty to Destiny's missions (not different, but harder) but we could also add skulls to Halo missions. 

Since launch, I've played Destiny's story more than any Halo campaign (  I'm a pretty huge Halo fan)   it's only been a couple of weeks. But, I'm tiring of it. I'm eager to anything new: DLC, missions, etc... After one week of playing, I had completed the story   then the level 20 'work' started. 

So far, we got 4 (large) Forge worlds (with AI spawns)   a tower map. 

Next, Multiplayer: Halo's MP has always been the true replay value. Destiny's MP is OK. Vehicles are terrible. Destiny's MP is fun, but the only purpose is to get Crucible points   perhaps upgrades. (When MCC comes, I can't imagine Destiny will be in my sights)

So far, I would say I've already gotten my $60 out of Destiny, but I too thought there would be more content. 

Good luck with the fanboys. They are the ones that think they speak for Bungie (speak for yourselves you sheep!).

I, too, worry about the Activision connection. Surly (not Shirley) Bungie took the preventable measures. Activision has a rep of nickel   diming us to death   taking IPs away from publishers. 

 




 Also: something we found out last night: have someone go up on the highest platform across from where you enter   die. The swarm of wizards will stay up there   attack the dead body (allowing the other 2 members a chance to focus on Phogoth) 




 where's the pic?

 




 simple click with the stick would be a great feature 




 One thing to do: if the Knights aren't attacking you   you aren't out of ammo, don't attack. Focus your attack on Phogoth. If you clear out the Knights, there's only more behind them... 




 when you get into a long battle, the music eventually becomes overbearingly annoying  




 Destiny is vague. I understand it adds to mystery, but it's so minimally cryptic it's kinda aggravating. I'll play the hell out of it, I'm appreciative, but I've spent a week playing a game I don't understand at all. 

Halo has always had a ton of story stuff in the background. There's been origins. There's been viral ads that add to the lore. Bungie has out Bungie'd themselves.   I thought I was lost to Titanfall's story...  




 nobody ever feigned outrage over Bush W. it was genuine. there wasn't speculation, it was grounded in facts. nobody imagined that he was born in a far away land (although he actually wasn't from Texas). fear-mongering is all about 'what ifs'. the GOP is all about imagining what they are up against. 

the democrats are for policy where as GOP is for philosophy
http://www.vox.com/2014/9/15/6131919/democrats-and-republicans-really-are-different

one party is attracted to tangible results   the other is attracted to something in their gut. what is it with the GOP   them not believing in science, facts, or anything laid out in front of them in favor of made up hypothesis or religion? 

they're not focused on helping the people the people who elected them so much as they are on getting their way (  staying in power). they'd rather monkeywrench DC for 2 Obama terms than do a job. come 2016, they're hoping voters blame Obama for their lack of attention. they'll do anything to win an election EXCEPT have a proven track record   run an honest campaign...all at the expense of the public.  




 BTW: we now call it drone parenting   




 I wish there was a list sorted by release date (known publicly available), not by type. This way, we could keep up with which ones have been entered... 




 Seeing how he's still alive: All of them. 




 I played for 2 hours   all my free weapons are higher levels than these... dang 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fh1x1-Z91sU

Keith Oberman calls out almost everyone involved in cover up 




  RedOpponent

XBL says "RedOpponent" does not exist  




 I'm betting that if you play campaign co-op 4 man, you'll be Blue Team 




 worked in Halo 3 as well...

The best was in Halo 2. You'd creep up to a base   you could listen to the dolts dicking around on defense. If you outnumbered them, you could start telling them how you were going to steal their flag   they should come out with their hands up... 

 




 the first time I trolled the internet, I found a Friends text only board   commented that 'Rachael has the hardest working nipples in the business'...

I got banned.  




 I used to live down the street from the Jehovah Witness 'church'. Every Saturday morning, a group of little ole ladies would walk out to convert but would always go straight to my house. (never a different neighborhood...)

Usually, I would have bartended till very late Friday night   would come home after the bar closed   would pass out playing video games somewhere around dawn on the couch. Around 8am, they'd knock, I'd have to put on pants   hear their spill about their faith. I'd smile, take their pamphlet (while my Jack Russell would be begging to eat them up at my feet),   go immediately back to sleep....

BUT: after 10 times, I decided to skip the pants   straight up answer the door in my boxers... it was half way through their speech when I noticed my morning wood had made it out the tent   was distracting them. 

They never came back.  
 




 http://www.clublexus.com/forums/attachments/car-chat/109827d1187246100-the-official-car-of-viagra-a-and-g.jpg
 




