 Depends where you are, and you never know.  We work with a local company that has a spin-off with BASF, but I had no idea that they were there - we work on renewables. So, don't discount talking with small companies - they may be working on interesting projects that they haven't hyped yet because the work is not sufficiently developed.

On the other hand, one of the former undergrad researchers in my group just started at Tesla, as an example.  




 Citizen science rocks, and there is nothing condescending about this statement - I have subscribed to the SETI project in the past, and try to help out with local citizen science projects because they are a great way to learn about other areas of science.  The Clean Energy Project is a great way to make a contribution, and to learn about what is going on.  Never a bad thing to be involved in good science at any level.  

This guy doing citizen science got his name on a Science paper:
http://www.cbc.ca/news/technology/stardust-citizen-scientist-finds-first-dust-from-outside-solar-system-1.2736547

Cool.  




 Agreed that they will be different.  There will most likely be no magic silver bullet to solve each problem - are you talking portable (vehicle?) storage? Grid-level storage? Remote storage (Antarctica, small village cut off from grid)?  Each will have a different answer, and thus R D for a host of different scenarios is most likely the right approach.   




 Hi - one thing that you can do is to put your name into the database of reviewers for the journals you like to read, and secondly, write the associate editors of the journal with a quick note, and a brief summary of your background.  We are always looking for people with expertise in all areas of science, as everyone is extremely busy these days.  If someone has published papers in a specific area, it would bode well that you could be a reviewer for that area.  I sometimes call on people in industry who haven't published in a while if I know that they are actively working on research in the area (i.e., I see them at conferences). 




