 I'll start. I listen to Rush and prog rock as much as I listen to what is considered "hip" or "trendy" today. That and some awesome more dad esc yaght rock; I am far from a dad. What do you listen to that would make your friends go "hmmm"? 









 [Harry...](http://24.media.tumblr.com/14832d03a57d8cacef89ec57dbca5d90/tumblr_mjfxfsibE51s83re0o1_500.gif) 



















 Oh man I love those. My absolute favorite is 'Turtle Bones'. 




 We racked a blueberry ale to secondary and bottled that little bit of cinnamon cider. Super pumped about that blueberry ale. Were calling it Brewberry Yum-Yum. 









 Shit 




 My mom always said to stop eating such spicy food. Now I can use this as ammo against her. Take that Mom 









 Source
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-london-32157618 














 Whoever writes these editorial headlines needs to watch an ehow.com video. Says she died at 117 weeks old 




 DAMN SON! Got me lol. Yea you're right still awesome AF tho right?? 'Pride' by Dynamo is killer. Their vocalist has a beautiful voice.  




 Bill Laurance was an original member Snarky Puppy, not to mention many of the personnel on his new record are from the current incarnation of the group. This includes Snarky Puppy's leader Michael League on bass and "Sput", one of their amazing drummers. Makes sense to me that Bill Laurance would record his album in similar Snarky Puppy fashion. The 'live' recording setup seems to work well for Ropeadope artists. 

As far as the musical influence, I hear something that strays a bit further left field from Snarky Puppy's concept of sound but I can totally understand what you're saying. In my opinion 'Swift', Laurance's new record, strays further away from the gospel of fusion that Snarky Puppy has given us and has taken an almost Phillip Glass contemporary classical oriented approach. The textures and themes throughout the songs almost are reminiscent of minimalist music of the 20th century. Sprinkle some Snarky Puppy juice on there and you have one hell of a musical cocktail.  




 If our beer sucks, oh well. We love it and so do our friends so we thought we would give it a whirl! 




 I agree. So pumped for their album. If you like Snarky Puppy and Bill Laurance you'd love Dynamo. Check out (Pride)[ Dynamo - Pride (Find Your Way)[https://youtu.be/wUxXaHdzxQU] 









 That is a very quick jump to the extreme 




 and for regular-sized Snarky Puppy with full Orchestra check [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BoF7ZzMUrgA spfreload=10) out! 




 This is Bill Laurance's group but a lot of the players on his new album are from Snarky Puppy.  




