 Isn't this a meme and thus a violation of this thread's rules, though? Serious question, for the record. 




 Any thoughts on this? 




 If so, then I'm sorry, but please deal with it. ;) 




  your don't hear anyone saying euro American

No, but you do hear people saying that they are Italian-American, Polish-American, and/or et cetera. 




 No; why? 




 Your mom's house, obviously, for being *way* too naughty there. ;) 




 So basically bear evolution, correct? 




 Huh ... looks like Al Gore was right. ;) 




 They look like rednecks to me, though. ;) 














 There are valid arguments for both of these things. 




 If so, then Sweet Charlie must have an incredibly powerful pimp hand. ;) 




 Actually, pimping is only easy if your pimp hand is way strong. ;) 




 What can I say? It pays to be a pimp! ;)

# badjoke 




 Mother I'd Like to Plow Hard. ;) 




 OGs? 




 Very true; of course, Israeli Jews's total fertility rate relative to that of Israeli Arabs now appears to be pretty favorable. 




 I was obviously talking about the technical aspects of this, though. Frankly, I would personally support any man who wants to wear female panties. 




 Any thoughts on this? 




 I saw some other memes on here, though. 




 Pussycats. ;) 




 Well, your parents probably felt that abandoning you in a corn field would be an insult to this corn field. ;) 




 If so, then you're thinking of Belarus, rather than Russia, here. ;) 




 Well, maybe Russia can look at Israel to see what exactly Israel is doing right in regards to this. After all, the current fertility rate among Israeli *Jews* is currently 30.1 or 3.1 children per woman. :) 




 Actually, Russia is my daddy. ;) 




 Fuck yeah, she is! :) 




 So basically, Russia wants Kinder fur Der Reich, correct? ;) 




 You're straight? Are you sure about that? ;) 




 That joke is fucking awful! 














 What if you were born intersex, though? 




 Agreed. 









 There is none; I am just saying that some clothes, such as some panties, are especially made for certain people; else, they wouldn't literally be uncomfortable to wear for (many) men with penises. 









 Actually, I was talking about it in a literal sense--these panties might literally not have enough room for penises. Seriously. 




 Actually, he might be happy now that he realizes that he might get his 72 virgins earlier than he previously expected. ;) 




 Great! :) Now, hopefully they will enjoy their 72 male nerd virgins ;) :

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dxpMTFBg48

 




 Female panties (often) aren't mean to be worn by males with penises, though. ;) 




 http://omniatlas.com/

A great atlas for post-1818 maps. :) 




 Yep, though I think that having Colorado do this was legal. After all, don't the states themselves determine how to pick electors? 




  I'm not so sure... I guess "Was the Redemption inevitable" is one of those unknowable questions of history.

Do you honestly think that the North would have had the will to keep large numbers of U.S. troops in the South for decades, though?

 Either way, "You'll let us terrorize, disenfranchise and persecute black citizens, and we'll make your guy president" is pretty awful.

That already began to occur before the 1876 election, though. In fact, I think that there were only 3 Southern states where federal U.S. troops were still stationed in 1876. 




 Why not cross-dressers, though? 




  Maybe, but then the south wouldn't have been left to the redeemers.

Actually, I don't think that the North would have been willing to keep large amounts of federal troops stationed in the Southern U.S. eventually.

This election was so crooked it fucked up free elections for nearly 100 years.

Frankly, I am extremely skeptical of this due to the fact that I think that Redeemer rule in the South would have eventually been inevitable either way for the reason which I stated above. 




 Ah, Yes, Kazakhstan, Home of Borat! ;) 




 "No, No, No--what exactly is that American flag bikini doing here?" ;) 




 Wow! I can't believe that it took them this long to do this! ;) 




 Actually, Hayes might have won if this election would have been completely free and fair due to the fact that Louisiana, Mississippi, and South Carolina all had a Black-majority population back then. 




 Understood. 




 Wow! He sounds a lot like myself in many respects. :) Seriously. 









 Out of curiosity, though--what exactly was your ex-husband's sexuality? 




 Sure, she's discussing her own lived experiences. However, I stand by my statement that she is hastily generalizing by assuming that *all* cross-dressers only do it for sexual reasons. 




 Thank you. :) For the record, though, unlike you, I was born with a male body, so yeah. 




 So jock-straps and the like? 




  Late 20s.

Understood.

 Have you seen a gender therapist?

No, not yet. However, I certainly intend to do this eventually. :) 




 One can argue that cross-dressers *are* making a type of temporary transition, though. 




 Yes, I get all of that, but I am unsure that this makes these terms themselves less valid when it comes to cross-dressers.

Also, please let me think about how I best want to express my own thoughts on regards to this. :) 




  Yeah I basically consider myself "some kind of genderqueer" in my head.

OK.

I've thought about a gender therapist but it's not really a priority right now :)

Well, if you will have the money for it, then at least seriously consider doing this eventually. After all, it might end up helping you out. :)

I am going to be starting a new job later this year though, and definitely want to come up with a more neutral sounding nickname to introduce myself by at the office.

Good luck with this, then! :)

Also, though, out of curiosity--exactly how old are you right now? 




 So a genderqueer appearance wouldn't be sexually attractive for you? 




 I certainly understand where exactly you are coming from in regards to this. However, I think that you are hastily generalizing about cross-dressers' motives; after all, I myself would enjoy cross-dressing if I had a nicer and much less hairy body, but my own interest in cross-dressing is primarily non-sexual. 




 I'm actually very aware of this, but thank you anyway. :) 




 Insulting in what sense, exactly? 




 Thanks for sharing this info. :) Also, maybe you are genderqueer. :)

In addition, out of curiosity, did you talk to a gender therapist about this yet? After all, a gender therapist might be able to help you out in regards to this. :) 




 No, I'm just lazy. ;) 




 Yeah, I will make sure to ask this question there. :)

However, if I am right in regards to this, then would you be okay with giving me an apology for this? 




 Frankly, I really should ask transgender people about their views in regards to this. 




 What you are telling me is actually news to me. Seriously. Thus, here's what I am going to do--I am going to ask transgender people on Reddit and elsewhere their thoughts about using such terms to describe non-transgender cross-dressers. After all, I might as well educate myself on this, no? 




 Understood. 




 OK. 




 Why, though? 




 What exactly do you mean by "basically"? I'm just curious. 




 Understood. 




 What if he wants to be a civil rights activist and to stay where you two currently are and to personally fight this bigotry, though? 




 Actually, in such a case, you would be an FtM cross-dresser, but not an FtM transgender person. 




 Great to hear! :) 




 So you're a lesbian? 




 So what exactly would they need to do in order to look attractive to you? 




 What if everything that he is going to ask you to do is to go to public events with him while he is dressed as a woman so that the two of you will look like a lesbian couple? Serious question, for the record. 




 But what if she wants to present as a male while she is cross-dressing? 




  I don't see any problem with the way you designated your opposite-sex cross dressers. I can sorta see why other people might not be pleased with it but alas.

Well, Yeah--it's just much more convenient to use short abbreviations for this. :)

And my answer is shit yes I would. I would have a killer time participating, too.

Would you enjoy going with him to public events looking like a lesbian couple, though? 




  FtM and MtF are terms for binary trans people, not for people who cross dress.

Source, please?

I'd date a woman who cross dressed. Would be awful hypocritical of me not to.

I wouldn't date a woman who cross-dressed and used the term FtM to describe herself or her fashion choices.

Out of curiosity, though--what exactly is your sexuality? 




 Understood. 




 Understood. 




 Understood. 




 What if it was important that you were involved, though? 




 Good to hear! :) 




 Well, there are a few men who are that short.

Also, though, they can buy their own female clothes. :) 




 Is this invalid terminology for cross-dressers, though? After all, it's much more convenient than writing this out. 




 Also, it would certainly be nice if one avoids making hasty generalizations, including in regards to my question here. 




 Out of curiosity--are you very short? 




 I didn't ask about trans people here, though.

After all, not all cross-dressers are transgender. 




 Any thoughts on this? 














 Thanks for clarifying this part.

Also, I am certainly glad that I could be of help to you! :) 




 Also, no offense, but a Google search might have avoided years of agony for you. Just saying. ;) 




 No problem! :) 




 But then the act itself still won't be illegal; rather, simply talking about it might be illegal. 




 Yes, it is. Also, that book's name might be The Kingdom of Matthias. :) 




 Yes, it certainly is an attack on free speech; however, it still doesn't make gay sex itself illegal. 




 That doesn't make homosexuality itself illegal, though. 




 Putin the Ass:

http://s3.amazonaws.com/rapgenius/putin.png

 




 Gay sex *isn't* illegal in Russia, though. 




 Great news! :) After all, the War on Drugs is obviously a failure and should thus be ended. 




 Unlike Socrates and Jesus, though, Abraham didn't die for his beliefs--did he? 




 Any thoughts on this? 




 Eh ... frankly, I myself like Stewie both ways. :) 




 OK, cowboy (or cowgirl). ;) 




 Robots, of course. ;) 




 If *he* will win the Latino vote, then the KKK will win the Black vote. ;) 




 So you're a time traveler, eh? ;) 




 After all, Jesus's and Socrates's life stories have notable similarities. 




  I don't remember him running around naked in the streets.

Were you actually there, though? ;) 




 Frankly, this reminds me of Josef Mengele (sp?) giving candy to Jewish children before he conducted *extremely* brutal experiments on them. :( 




 Actually, we exist because the Flying Spaghetti Monster (a.k.a. His Almighty Noodliness) willed it. ;) 




 Apparently that part of this article got stuck in his ass; that's right--his ass can tear apart online articles--that's how powerful it is! ;) 




 "Oh, what a cute little puppy! In fact, it's cute enough for punch!" *Punch!* ;) 




 Yep! :) 









 It is worth noting that the U.S. conducted nationwide censuses from 1790, though; in contrast, the first nationwide railroad in the U.S. was only completed in 1869, 79 years later! 




 Intellectually honest and decent people would nevertheless oppose this, though. 




 You might very well be correct in regards to this. :( 




 Do you mean people with the last name Taft? 




 Then Third Wave Feminists can either get some sense or go to Hell. 




 Did you see any images of President Taft there, though? ;) 




 No--rather, like my and my parents' trip to Austria, Germany, and the Netherlands that year. :) 




 For the record, here is a book about this man: http://www.amazon.com/The-Kingdom-Matthias-Salvation-19th-Century/dp/0199892490 









 Any thoughts on this? 









 Because seven eight [ate] nine. ;) 




 Also, unless men's and women's bodies react to alcohol differently (do they?), I think that if one argues that women with a certain alcohol level in their bodies are too drunk to consent to sex, then men with the same alcohol level in their bodies should likewise be considered to be drunk to consent to sex. After all, it would be fair that way. 




  What I'm saying is, when rape claims come up, it's less about the chick proving it than it is about the guy proving it didn't happen, he's generally assumed to be guilty even though the IUPG statement is thrown around.

OK, but *why* exactly is this the case? After all, while I didn't pay much attention to this, didn't the Duke Lacrosse team case bring false rape accusations to the attention of the American public?

A chick can claim rape/sex assault and Kickback while the guy's life unravels and unless he miraculously finds a way to prove his innocence, at best he'll be seen as a sketchball for the rest of his life, at worst he'll be locked up and put on a list.

Why the fuck is this the reality, though? After all, if what you are telling is the truth, then this is a *very* dangerous situation!

Someone sincerely for gender equality totally should be against this but since many feminists are really "anti-men" and don't want actual gender equality, theyre not gonna complain.

Unfortunately, you might very well be correct in regards to this. :(

While I support a lot, if not most, of what feminists advocate, I absolutely loathe it when feminists seek revenge for centuries and millenniums of men discriminating against women. Yes, that was certainly a tragedy and it shouldn't have occurred, but we can't wave a magic and and undo the past. Frankly, if I myself had such a revenge-filled mentality, then I would support throwing a whole bunch of nuclear weapons on Germany in revenge for the Nazis previously killing many of my Jewish ancestors and relatives. However, this would obviously be utter madness, which in turn further demonstrates the utter and absolute futility of having a revenge-filled mentality. After all, I think that David Xanatos in Gargoyles said that "revenge is a sucker's game." 




 Please forgive me if I am missing something, but it seems like for rape, as for all crimes, the burden of proof should be on the *accuser* regardless of his or her gender. After all, it's "innocent until proven guilty," no? 




 Why the heck is the burden of proof on the male, though? After all, if one is against sexism and in favor of gender equality, then shouldn't one oppose this? 




 As far as I know, Russia held its first comprehensive/full (meaning that everyone in Russia was enumerated) census in 1897, whereas many other European countries (Britain, France, et cetera) held their first comprehensive/full census several decades, if not more, earlier than this. My question here is this: why exactly did Russia hold its first comprehensive/full census so late in comparison to other European countries? Was it due to the much greater logistical difficulties involved (of course, this didn't stop the U.S. from conducting such censuses decades earlier than Russia), or was there another reason for this?

Thoughts on this? 




 If this type of policy was implemented everywhere in real life, then there would be *a lot* more rapes going on to the point of undermining and diminishing the importance of *actual* rapes. 




 Frankly, if a woman tries pulling such shit on a man, then this man should file an accusation and say that this woman is the one who *raped him*.

 









 Yes, it probably did. Basically, if Hamas doesn't fvck with Israel, then Israel isn't going to fvck with Hamas. 














 Money speaks louder than facts. :( Unsurprising, but certainly shameful. :( 









 Agreed. Frankly, I despise equating all Muslims with terrorists just as much as I despise equating all Jews with Communists (which is what the Nazis previously did, with extremely tragic consequences afterwards). 




 RAmen, brother! :) 




 RAmen, brother! :) 




 Good! :) Kindness such as this really should be reported about more often! :) 




 OK--here is my question:

Do you think that elective orchiectomies (castrations) for sterilization purposes should be available to men in a safe, medical setting (as opposed to in a "back-alley")?

This question is not an abstract one; rather, this question is a very real and relevant question for me personally considering that I myself want to become a eunuch in large part for sterilization reasons but also, if possible (after all, I still want to get erections using my penis) for feminization purposes and to reduce my sex drive.

Now--why exactly am I asking this? Well, many pro-choicers, both on Reddit and elsewhere, have told me that they are unwilling to deal with *any* risk of an unwanted offspring being born. Thus, I see absolutely *no* reason for me to be okay with *any* risk of this occurring. However, since I myself obviously don't have the option of abortion (and would *never* rely on *any* woman's word that she will get an abortion *regardless* of whatever promises she made to me beforehand) and consider the idea of abstaining from penis-in-vagina sex with *all* fertile and potentially fertile women to be both utterly unrealistic and utterly unacceptable, there is no other acceptable choice for me in regards to achieving this goal other than castration due to the fact that *all* non-drastic contraceptives and sterilizations have a failure rate.

Also, before someone brings up the "Do no harm" principle, I would like to point out that:

1. This principle was already thrown out of the window when doctors performed many/most medically unnecessary elective surgeries.

2. Self-castration attempts and "back-alley" castration attempts are *much* more dangerous than getting castrated (as in, getting an orchiectomy) in a safe, medical setting.

3. There is *no* other way for a man to get himself sterilized in a way which *cannot ever* fail.

4. The worst effects of castration can be mitigated/dealt with the help of hormone replacement therapy.

Also, in regards to lawsuits, let me say this--first of all, as far as I know, there are waivers for doctors to significantly reduce or eliminate this risk. However, even if one ignores that, it is worth noting that, short of a massive botching of my (planned) castration (orchiectomy), I myself would consider it to be extremely immoral to sue a doctor for performing a castration (orchiectomy) on me. After all, if I will even try suing such a compassionate and caring doctor for doing this, then this doctor might become more hesitant to perform elective castrations in the future, which in turn could very well result in more self-castration attempts and in more back-alley castration attempts (both of which are (much) more dangerous) afterwards. Thus, for me, suing such a doctor for doing this is absolutely intolerable!

In addition to this, please don't lecture me about biological differences! After all, I myself have absolutely *no* intention of being a slave to biology! After all, just because biology is unequal and unfair certainly does *not* mean that we cannot and should not make it more equal and fairer.

Thus, again, my question here is this--do you think that elective orchiectomies (castrations) for sterilization purposes should be available to men in a safe, medical setting (as opposed to in a "back-alley")?

Any thoughts on this? 




