 You make a good case, son. A damned good case. 




 Swastikas 




 On the flip side, however, the military does discriminate against vast segments of the population, so I don't think it's safe to consider it a catchall. 




 Such liberalism! Such democracy! Good to see that the blood spilt on the maidan was not tragically, farcically wasted. Different faces, same bullshit.  . 




 ! Glad we ironed that out. 




 Simonov certainly could have managed it. 




 Ah! I thought you were talking technically, not conceptually. My mistake. 




 Nihil sub sole novum, eh? 




 See, Mikhail Kalashnikov seems like he was an awesome guy, and that's part of his appeal. The Soviets were fond of using poster boys to embody the labor of the working classes. In this system, the [Stakhanovite movement](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stakhanovite_movement), the work of many would be attributed to a single poster boy in the hopes that multitudes of workers would see said poster boy as a model to be emulated. The results of this were debatable, but it is certain that it was applied to more than just coal mining. 




 Except that the internal workings of the two weapons are wholly different. The StG has much more in common with European assault rifles than it does the AK-47. While they're aesthetically similar, the inner workings of the two machines couldn't be more different. 




 I'm sure it's already been said, but my only problem with the theory is how much Bobby looks like Cotton. Otherwise, this theory has been my operating headcanon for quite some time. 




 Well? It is, isn't it? It was mostly in what is now Russia and what holdings it had on Crimea count as Russian because we all know the Ukraine ain't getting that soil back. 




 But that's why this is wrong. A boycott would be saying that you care more about some people's issues than others. That's tremendously unethical. 




 I see what you're saying, but I still believe that those who support such a move are failing to consider people with disabilities and poor people, as well as anybody else who can't travel. I take issue with that on a lot of levels. 




 But why should people unable to do anything about it suffer for it? DC should just make donations to Democratic candidates or something. A boycott would hurt a ton of people to no real end. You can't fix an injustice with another injustice. 




 No matter what, moving is going to be a pain for people who had nothing to do with this. I hope the law fails, but if it passes I'm going to be pissed if Dragoncon moves and, unfortunately, won't be able to do a thing about it.

That said, they'll need a strong argument to get them out of their contracts.

Also, thanks for the upvote. 




 I get what you're saying, I'm just saying that it wouldn't hold up and any half decent lawyer could defeat that argument in arbitration. 




 "Hey, let's screw over our con goers for something they have no control over!" That would be, essentially, what they're saying if they moved and that is something nobody should condone. The waves they're making are at our expense, not theirs. If they want to sacrifice for the good of the cause, they can contribute to non Republican political campaigns. Don't shaft the disabled and the poor over it.  




 Dragoncon itself has never been hostile to gay people. This argument falls flat. 




 But I'm disabled. Traveling is a huge ordeal for me, bordering on impossible if it's too far. I don't take people's shit away and bother them for issues relating to disabilities. Theirs is an awful approach to activism that ends up hurting people who actually genuinely are on their side. Additionally, a lot of people can't afford to travel to Dragoncon and this is the only large genre convention of its size and type that we've got.

 You would be hard pressed to find anti gay sentiment at Dragoncon. Do something that'll hurt the republicans directly or something.

I'm probably going to get buried, but people need to consider the full ramifications of boycotts. 

tl;dr, no just read the damn thing.

Edit: downvotes? Is arguing for those who can't travel that detestable? Such tolerance! 




 If you sycophant hard enough, though, you could get a cushy dacha or something. 




 Stalin had the best mixtape of 1944, foreal. 




 Travel is a huge ordeal for me and Dragoncon has always been very convenient because of that. Let's not punish allies for the actions of boor headed conservatives. 




 Not to mention Target's whole, creepy history in customer tracking anyway... 




 Except for all the gay people and allies in Indiana suffering for this anyway. Sanctions and boycotts are really shitty that way. 




 Paging /u/StuartAshen. Be careful with your festering, expired food that might somehow be dangerous! 




 Hey, Andy, how far is Bikini Bottom from Rapture? How are diplomatic relations between these two undersea citystates? 




 Stolen land? Have you ever even spoken to a Crimean? 




 Because yours is an interesting country with a rich culture and history that our media does absolutely no justice to. The best way to learn about any country is to ask the people who live there. Thus, I am subscribed.


Greetings from the United States state of Georgia. 




 I could have sworn that was straight from Dworkin's festering gob. Oh well. 




 Didn't some radfem "scholar" of some renown once claim that all male sex is rape? I want to say it was Dworkin. 




 Sounds beautiful compared to current. I'll never get why people think we're better off without the Soviet Union. 




 I get the perception that a lot of people are worried about the con getting too family friendly and losing the nerdi-gras vibe. People get defensive about that, and I can see more underage attendees worrying them. 




 No need to put "DPR" in quotes. They've just as much right to their name as anybody else. 




 Of course not, but I hear far too many feminists claiming their movement is about *everybody's* gender equality, and I take umbrage with that assertion. It's quite clear that this is not the case and they should stop selling their movement as such a thing.  




 But if feminism really is about gender equality, shouldn't it just be called "gender equality?" Where are feminists on male issues?  




 Default mod, here. I've never spoken with her. She seems to be hands off, from what I can tell. Well, other than blanket bans on discussion of a certain con artist. 




  I love how everyone preaches that we should be politically correct and sensitive to every single minority ever, but it's perfectly fine to call the south as a whole one crazy set of backwards, raving, religious lunatics.

I see it all the damned time and it pisses me off. You can't joke about anyone ever because feelings. But the South? Oh, go right ahead! We're the national laughing stock and we just have to deal with it.  




 ***WHAT!?*** 




 What was the original? 




 When comics work dried up, Rob Liefeld moved into tattoo commissions.  




 Zelotic, dropping some knowledge bombs. 




 9x18 Makarov.  




 I can vouch for this. A friend of mine once shot a handgun while I had my earplugs out. Not a fun trip to the range, let me tell you. 




 I'm going to go out on a limb and say that if we're going to have executions, they ought to be public. I am against the death penalty, as I don't believe any nationstate to have a perfect enough judicial process to mete it out fairly and it's an extremely expensive thing to have around.

However, it is a civil process, and every citizen of a country ought to see how the sausage is made, so to speak. As an element of the justice system, such as open courts where such executees are sentenced, it ought to be done in public. 




 I can't imagine Ogelthorpe landing in South Georgia in anything but a blizzard and considering this state fit to establish any sort of colony, even a penal colony. 




 Simply put, people will be quick to find ways for truly horrible things to be hoaxes. It's easier to some than accepting that we live in a world where awful things happen for no good reason.

Besides, the anti gun lobby HAS been milking the hell out of it, and where someone is gaining, people are quick to look for blame. 




 Because their government is in disarray and the left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing? 




 temporary occupied

Oh, that's cute. 




 I guess Kosovo isn't a state either, then. Or maybe being a nation has to do more with sovereign will than petty things like international recognition. I mean, if Transnistria isn't sovereign and it isn't run by Moldova, just what the devil is it? 




 I thought he was Jimmy.

Ol' Jimmy Palpatine. 




 Woo! 




 But Transnistria is an independent nation. The Ukraine has no right to interfere and its citizens shouldn't need to get Moldovan passports. 




 July? You could relocate to the surface of the sun and it would be more temperate than Georgian July. 




 Nah. I like it here, for all of its faults. My family has been here since the early 1800s, the culture appeals to me, and moving is expensive. I'll just crank my AC and don a cooled HAZMAT suit to leave my apartment, all while dreaming of some Dixie Siberia. 




 No! Now we have bugs, pollen, and swamp ass! Anything but winter in this state is a hellish slog through the blood soaked depths of perdition. 




 I can get that their trying to help their branding, but you don't do that by shafting one of your most productive employees. Poor form, Konami. 




 Your host is bad and you should feel bad. Full of redirect spam and everything on phones. Lousy. Stop using it. 




 I'm out of the loop, here. What did Konami do to Kojima? 




 Because you haven't got a horse in this race or anything. 




 I can't think of anything off the bat that could contradict this. Headcanon tentatively accepted. 




 "Sorry, dude." Never has a simple phrase been so infuriating. I'd have taken a bat to his face and irradiated his testicles if I was you. 




 I may well do that if no one gets to it first. I'm busy for the weekend, so I can't give it the time it deserves. 




 ShitRedditSays is most toxic? So unsurprised. 




 I have some aesthetic and story pointers, if you'd like to avail yourself of them. I've been dying to do a setting like this but haven't really had a way to do it. 




 Dieselpunk space opera! If I could see art deco capital ships slugging it out over an ecumenopolis where everyone has spiffy 1930s era uniforms, that'd be neato. I actually have quite a few ideas kicking around about this. 




 Because censorship is really annoying to some people? 




 Georgia here. Yeah, I'm nowhere near that brave. I keep my bumper stickers sci fi related. 




 Southern atheists: there are more of us than you'd think. Source: Georgia bound and god-free. 




 I think General Lee was always aware of the morally abhorrent nature of slavery, but he was overwhelmed by his love of Virginia - surpassing even his love of the United States. I think his moral nature must have eaten at him quite badly and he would definitely have been a very conflicted man during and after the war. 




 Everything Kiev does seems to make me want to hate the current administration in the Ukraine more and more every day. 




 That's really not their decision to make, is it? 




 Fuck yes. So pumped. 




 Burnblades? Sounds fun. I'm on mobile, but is there a Halopedia link? 




 I am not death myself, but I'm working on it. What can I do to help the cause, buddy? 




 I never understood why the Lamas and Tibetan independence are so popular with the western Left. It's a tremendously uneducated view of history to support such things. 




 I got my hopes way too raised over that. 




 Craplanta? Living near Atlanta, I can see that. So how about San Antonio Bay? 




 I always liked Detoilet more. Whatcha got for Atlanta? 




 Anyone want to design one for us and fill the void? 




 My girlfriend's grandfather fought with the Communists against the Japanese in the war. I can confirm that they would hate it. We'd probably end up with a rump state headed by Wang Jingwei's Guomindang in China seated in Shanghai or perhaps Nanjing and the surrounding area with Japan owning a huge swatch of China including Manchuria, perhaps Beijing and most of the northern areas of the country. Additionally, they'd hold Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong, and more. 

Their vassal states in the Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere would hold Indochina, Burma, Indonesia, Singapore, and most if not all of British India. Look for Subhadra Bose and his Japanese backers to have some very different ideas on where the final borders should end up. 




 *exasperated grunt* 




 Yep. I believe their intent was to depopulate the Soviet Union as completely as possible and destroy all traces of Russian culture, leaving behind a servile slavic remnant to act as factory labor and house slaves. If memory serves, something to that effect was already somewhat underway in the Ukraine by the time the Nazis were pushed out. 




 Reichskommisariat Moskau would likely not be a thing. The Nazis stated repeatedly that they wanted to wipe the city and everything it stood for off the map. Likely, they'd set up an administration in Leningrad, rename it Petrograd or some German equivalent, and set up the Gau for the region there. 




 They dug up his sister just to sling mud at him? What a disgusting cult. 




 But... But at the two minutes hate yesterday... I could have sworn we... 




 Crimea's Curse? Could this article be more slanted? 




 G4 hasn't been a thing in ages. This comic is very dated. 




  Ukrainian support never fell bolow 50%.

What? Do you even have any idea what you're talking about? Have you ever even met a Crimean? 




 This. People act like Russia is so hypocritical with regards to secession due to how they handled Chechnya, but the fact that Chechen rebels always wanted to set up a backwards caliphate should set it apart. No conscientious leader can allow a caliphate to arise on their territory. 




 Sad but true. Things like this don't fit the narrative. 




 I'm gonna need more info. I had no idea this was a thing. 




 Such is life. 




 I used to volunteer at the Maryland zoo. One of the polar bears in our zoo, Alaska, was born in captivity and was in a circus for all of her life. She was rescued and my mentor described what it was like when she first entered her exhibit. The first time she entered her exhibit was literally the first time in her life that she had ever set foot on the earth so, for the first week or so she loved to dig. It was very endearing and touching...until they realized she was digging way too much and they had to fill in the holes at night with a mini tractor and compact the earth. And when she first went for a swim in the pool in her exhibit she was even happier. It was amazing! Unfortunately she has died due to old age and kidney failure.

[link](http://articles.baltimoresun.com/2013-01-15/features/bs-md-zoo-polar-bear-dies-20130115_1_mexican-circus-ellen-bronson-maryland-zoo) 




 I could buy that. 




 No, I actually got your point rather clearly. However, as what you said had pretty much nothing to do with my reasons for carrying, I saw no reason to address your comment. 




 I thought it was canon if you did enough mental gymnastics. I mean, nothing in BaS ever directly shot it down and they even referred to some BioShock 2 locations in game. 




  And the wheelchair doesn't make much of a difference.

It actually does. The entire point I was trying to make, which seems to have eluded you, is that I can't run from muggers and other scum as easily as others. As such, I feel a lot better using lethal defense. Unless you have a severe mobility impairment as well, you have absolutely no business critiquing that. 




 This article struck a lot of chords with me. Sterling find as always, /u/alllie. 




 I've also long been in favor of reopening our State mental hospitals. Europe has proven to have somewhat imitable models in this regard. 
I should have included something like that in my initial post, considering 
how shockingly and depressingly prevalent mental illness and infirmity are in America's homeless population. 




 Well, branch 09 in Bombay have finally delivered their Eva sir, but... um... Well, it's got no paint, is fighting off massive infections, its armor has rusted through nearly completely and we can't understand a thing the Eighth Child is saying due to his accent. Can we ask the Angels for a rain check, sir? 




 Why the Star Wars font? 




 To play devil's advocate here, a lot of places do this because they lack the resources to shelter and care for those homeless people. Where are they all going to go to the bathroom, for example? Where will they sleep? How are you going to deal with the increased crime, vagrancy and litter that inevitably follows groupings of homeless people? The actions taken to discourage homeless gatherings by some cities is understandable, but it also has to come with a program of humanitarian assistance: the construction and expansion of shelters and resources to get these people fed and in jobs. 




 Counterargument: I'm in a wheelchair. I can't really fight all that well and I can't flee for shit due to my awful mobility. I can't afford to trust anything *but* lethal measures for self defense. 




 *ding*

*ding*

*ding*

*soda bottle explodes*
 




 Obeeeeyyy!!! 




 He's a different animal entirely. I think he's beyond grouping. 




 Thanks! 




 Sauce? 




 It holds water, I think. Only an ignorant fool would think the government has no influence on the news cycle. 




 Well, that's an example of might makes right, the way you describe it. 




 Yeah, but Reddit and the US at large will never see this side of the argument. 




 Law is irrelevant if it doesn't conform to the will of the people. Crimeans don't want to be a part of the Ukraine, so they shouldn't be a part of the Ukraine. End of story. 




 And where can we buy it? 




 I am insanely eager to see how this turns out. If nobody comes up with something in a few hours, I'll try to come up with something. 




 Stick it in some milsurp furniture and she'll look like a champ. 3 my refinished WASR with Romanian donkey dong furniture. 




 Well, yeah. Yours doesn't? 




 It sure seems to be a contest, the way some tumblrs tack on as many acronyms as they can to avoid it. 

Anyway, living in the rural south, I have to wonder: what use is a shaky, ill defined concept to me if it does nothing to help the people around me and makes everyone feel terrible and guilty? I could make the leap across the chasm of illogical stupidity if it at least helped the people around me. 




 Privilege is a vague concept, at best. It does little to explain rampant poverty in predominantly white rural Appalachia, for example. It also does little to explain why social justice people seem to care so little for that cause, or for things like male mental health. Privilege is an interesting theory in abstract but makes little sense in the real world.

I say this as a disabled man, someone you'd probably consider unprivileged.  




 What in the actual fuck? 




 Headcanon accepted, but it doesn't really answer OP's question. 




 I applaud you on that, then.  




 I don't want to sound like a fascist, but if America offends you then you might not have any business being in America. I get that a lot of people can't afford to leave or anything, but the impression I got was that it was primarily immigrants being offended. Generally, you probably shouldn't move to a country if it offends you.


That said, our government is absolutely awful, but a flag usually represents a land and its people, not its government.  




 As a subscriber here and to /r/personalfinance, I was fairly confused. 




 In the same vein, trigger warning. 




 -111 points and three hours up? Wow. It takes integrity to leave such a thoroughly slaughtered post up. 




 Looks legit to me. 




 If you'd read below this comment, you'd see that I smoothed that out  with strawberryblonde yesterday. 




 Don't they have immigration requirements and doesn't it take money to get up there, bud? 




 And we'll never get that time back. Sad. :( 




 Sure. Let me just make more money, bud. Oh, and get rid of the medical and opportunity costs of my disability. That will help. 









 My apologies. That's a rather common thing for anti-gun people to trot out in gun discussions, so I sort of assumed what was going on here.  




 What's with anti-gun people and their fixation on tiny dicks? Can you lot not do any better than miserable ad hominem attacks? 




 I wasn't trying to argue with you or anything. Just pointing out that cops aren't always all that good with firearms, yet they're the ones that anti-gun people say should be allowed to have them.

As for the whole criminal justice thing, it actually is something of a source. It shows that I know what I'm talking about to a degree when it comes to police firearms training procedures. 

But if you want to be a dick, that's fine too. 




 A lot of cops are actually really awful with firearms. Escalation of force procedure and trigger discipline don't get near the level of attention they deserve during training. 

Source: criminal justice major, studied Georgia's POST training regimen.  




 Was it night? Near a city? Did the gun owner have to walk anywhere? Sure, the school might be safe, but we don't know where the guy was from or where he was going. If he had a gun on him, to comply with the law, he'd have to wear it openly. I doubt they had a gun check, in any case.  




 I'd say it's more like keeping a fire extinguisher in your kitchen and by your electric panel even though you're not all that likely to have a fire. 




 Nah. Marchie lives in a place where grenades abound but nobody can count correctly. 

Poor, poor Marchie. 




  Get over your loss. 

Which loss, dare I ask?  




 Appealing to emotion is such a political way to argue. It's sort of like, you know, every debate about gun ownership ever. 

"Yeah, you may have an enumerated constitutional right to own and carry weapons, and gun owners by and large are responsible and trustworthy people BUT WHAT ABOUT DEAD CHILDREN!?" - Bloomstein Demands Whatever 




 I carry because I'm in a wheelchair, can't fight or flee for shit, and live in a high crime area. As soon as the world stops being a place where people need to defend themselves, I'll stop carrying. 




 That's a mature attitude that contributes a lot to the conversation. Thanks, webby. 




 That's a big deal to them? I live in Georgia and work retail. I've got about a million and seven customers who open carry every day. Nice folk, actually. Really friendly, love to talk about their guns and stuff. Michigan, you need to stop being so afraid of weapons. 




 I didn't need feels of this magnitude today, but by jingo 'ave I got them. 




  Is it still cel shading if it looks like an impressionist painting? 




 This is the best way to go about it. Even better is that if you black out while playing, you can wake up to wonder why Balmora is wiped out, a nude Nord is following you around and all of your ingredients have been consumed. 




 Most definitely. If it's a bullshit booze law, you can always find bible shit behind it. 




 That sounds awesome. All of that. I'm sort of envious and wish we weren't so sensitive about everything. 




 Yep. Nazi chic. In Japan and East Asia, nobody was really all that affected by the holocaust, so they look at Nazis as little more than bad guys who did bad things and looked fantastic doing them. Due to their detachment from the situation, it's seen merely as taboo and not endorsing racism and genocide to enjoy Nazi chic. Oh, and the swastika never got ruined over there.

This is a gross over simplification, of course, so if anyone wants to correct me on this, feel free. 




 I haven't been a fan of CGI animated Star Wars in general. I just can't watch it, it looks awful to me. 




 I could swear there's an SCP like that. 




 Anyone got this wallpaper? 




