 That was really neat to watch, thank you for sharing : ) 




 Mysterious Universe is amazing. Clyde Lewis is like a cross between old C2C and Alex Jones, very fun, worth checking out. The Unexplained with Howard Hughes is pretty good.  




 Definitely! Unfortunately I'm not sure about anything cheap as far as cameras, but I'm sure others can direct you where to look. Have fun watching the skies! 




 I have seen them. Fuck, I'm of the opinion at this point once you've seen them, you see them more often. Or rather, you learn how to look for them. Good luck with your future viewings, oh, and bring a camera. 




 Came here to say just that, thank you for beating me to the punch :) 




 I've never experienced it before or since. Could it just happen once in a lifetime? 




 I have not visited anyone about hypnosis yet, it is something I am seriously considering tho. And I don't recall 'grabbing a knife', I don't. No recollection, none. I only discovered that after the fact. My friend and I were at a Mormon College in Idaho. (byu-i). I did not have any marks, bruises, cuts, contusions, or anything that would suggest I physically fended off anyone with an intent to harm me or my roommate. We did have activity that we heard both in the apt and in our room. I personally saw a thick, white mist in the hallway billowing towards me at one point. As the only door and all the windows were locked and we were absolutely certain we were alone, we believe it was something else.
Whatever it was moved plenty of furniture, opened cabinets, moved silverware, and certainly scared the living shit out of me and my friend. I do think that I may have blocked it b/c of sheer terror and fear, but what could be more scary than what I'd already experienced? Why when we said a prayer did we see a black shadow move across the wall, and the activity stop for about fifteen minutes, enough time so that we started laughing about how weird and creepy that was only to hear grinding/dragging noises in the kitchen as we had originally heard? (that sound, btw, was chairs being dragged thru the kitchen, dining room, and into the living room, so it happened twice.) It was when we said something my Mother had told me to say in the presence of demons (In the name of Jesus Christ I command you to leave!) that is when everything just goes dark. Literally like a curtain being put over my eyes. I remember nothing until the next morning when my roommate woke me up to show me everything was back where it was the night before, like we'd never gone thru the apt and put all the chairs and furniture back. BTW, nothing ever happened in that apt ever again as far as I know. I don't know what it was, and I am pretty skeptical of ghosts, but I cannot discount what happened to me and my friend. I cannot discount what I heard, saw, or the nagging feeling of "i need to know" what happened that night. I am going to really consider what you said about going to psychics. I would prefer having an open minded professional that won't tell me I'm wrong about what I might find in my mind. Like, if they can't handle that I know I saw and heard some things then I wouldn't like to work with them on hypnosis. I need them to be able to listen without me fearing any kind of "you're lying", "you're mistaken", "that couldn't possibly have happened", etc etc. This event really happened, and I am sure it couldn't be just me and my friend that have had something like that happen to them. I just wonder why I blacked out or had missing time. That part bothers me more than any other aspect of that night.   




 This happens to me when I get drunk and am simultaneously stressed. Freaked me out the first few times, but hasn't happened to me in a few years. I don't think it is terminal as I am still alive! Hizzah! 




 Without going into too much detail, I had an experience one night many years ago with a roommate. We were talking in her room when a litany of incredible poltergeist activity began ensuing. Apparently, this went on all night. I can't actually say just what happened after one point since I literally remember everything suddenly going back. Since this night I've heard some snippits of things that happened. For instance, my friend who my roommate and I had called and left a voicemail, we asked her to come right away, something really scary was going on. When she arrived in the morning (she worked nights), she found my roommate and i barricaded into her room, huddled in a corner with a knife. She says that when she was able to get thru the barricade that me and my roommate attacked her. I remember absolutely NONE of this. Is there anyone here that has heard of or experienced any such thing? I have looked for years online and have not found anything that connects ghosts with missing time. Only ufos. I don't think this was a ufo abduction, b/c of my friend seeing me and my roommate in that way. Any ideas or comments would be greatly appreciated, this event has caused me to consider undergoing hypnosis to actually recall the events. 




 yep. i thought so when i saw mine :) 




 . the misuse of this meme hurts my eyes! 




 I am here for knowledge. :) 




 I was mormon. Now I am an atheist and happily so :) 




 Typically UFO sightings are eerily quiet. So, I would question if this was not something that a military on earth created.

Just my 2 cents! 




 o.O 




 so hot 




 They absolutely appear to be intelligent. 




 I lived in Rexburg...really strange point in my life. 




 Oh yeah, she's absolutely IN ON the joke. She was on Chelsea Lately telling about how the college boys'll bring her sausages and ask her to sign em. At first she was embarrassed but now she's says "Bring It On!"
= )

I 3 Giada 









 I decided when I was like 3 that I didn't want to be a babymaker. Nope, not for me. I didn't want to raise children in this life, why the next? 




 No. Just no. 




 You right.  




 Pinworms. They won't kill you and antibiotics can clear em up :) 




 My parents. 




 That sucks you should definitely seek counseling if you haven't gotten it already.

also, you can go to [r/exmormon](http://www.reddit.com/r/exmormon) to share  your experience. I'm sure the folks over there would be interested in your story. 




 This is hilarious :) 




 Sure there were Romney trolls asking questions and trying to cause drama. Still tho, there were very good questions that people really wanted answered on that AMA. Things that were deeper than "the white house beer recipe". I understand that certain questions really deserved a more in-depth answer than could be given on an AMA, but to disregard all those important questions is suspect. However, the site crashed, so it's hard to know if he was going to answer. 




 genius 




 Excellent article. I am studying for my Exam stateside and am glad to have these tips right from the get-go. Thanks for sharing! 




 So worth it :) 




 In Your Opinion 




 Part of me thinks the reason for this was because she was there for some of these events, and she outright lied about it. 




 I'm not saying it's a weather balloon, but it might be swamp gas loooool 




 Yep, looks like a weather balloon to me, too. 









 Whoa... 




 Yes...but he spouts the scientific system without knowing what he is 'debunking'. Problem I have with this is people out there are going to just believe him, because he is a magazine writer... 




 YES 




 It really seems like the skeptic has never really looked into the phenomena deeply. I've been studying it for years, and yes, there is physical evidence. It's trace, but damnit it's there. On top of that, he sounds like an idiot. The picture they showed, while old, is famous and very well documented as a real *something*. He didn't even seem to recognize it. How can you have a skeptic that doesn't know the ins and outs of a phenomena he is so sure doesn't exist? I mean, let me give an example: I used to be religious. I know the ins and outs of the religion that I was a part of and when I was coming out of that religion to what I am now, I was able to look at all the facets and realize how every point was untrue. I can point to part of the religion and explain why it's false, I can PROVE it's false. This skeptic, couldn't do that. He couldn't prove his assertion. He just blindly stood by it. Pathetic. And yes, a Naysayer. 




 Nice digging! 




 Stay strong and STAY IN CONTACT. 




 That part confused me as well. What actual NON-humans are deciding elections? Is it my dog? 




 You guys need some reformation out there, stat. 




 it's an unknown!! 




 Let the addicts go into crazy withdrawl. They'll eventually be cut out of existence. Harsh? Yeah. But I never have had a moral problem with people taking care of other people, with or without Police assistance. And I am sure that they are uncontrollable, and no one needs violent addicts in their community, whether it be in the slums or not.

Also, I heard that Brazilian police are corrupt as all hell. They only take care of their own, and the people have learned to fend for themselves. Sadly, it looks like with the police bruatlity in America, it's slowly turning that way here, too. 




 Yeah, when you tell them your neighbor stole your girlfriend, of course they are going to back you! You failed to mention the weight gain, the slothfulness you live in now, the fact that your hoarding caused a large part of the rat infestation, that the HOA had to come in and clean up because You Wouldn't. You have a problem Bob, go get counseling. And, no, that isn't code for "go think while you mine for gold ore in Feralas" and gripe to your guild.  




 Honestly, I'd rather deal with a coke-head than a crack-head. If they don't want to sell a worse drug, even if it's just for monetary purposes, fuck it, I'm for it. Crack is bad, mmmkay? 




 Reports of UFO's have been around since LONG before Chris Carter (creator of X-Files) was even born. And even before we had planes. I don't know why exactly the UFO's are interested in the US, you are right, there are more REPORTED sightings here. There are woodcuts from Nuremberg, Germany depicting battles in the sky between flying things from 1561.  Also, I would say that more people probably believe in ET's and UFO's in this day because of the sheer improvement in knowledge. We know that we're made of stardust, we know that the universe is incredibly old, we know that the building blocks of life are scattered throughout the universe. We know now about Panspermia. The chances of us being alone are nil. It's either us or there is a lot of life universally. So, if you start there, universe being old and filled with building blocks of life. Then you add in that we humans are barely a Type 1 civilization, and if you can imagine there may be Type 2 or even 3 civilizations, then it becomes harder to conceive that they wouldn't have technology to bend/fold/manipulate time and space.

So much to think about. But truthfully, the best thing I can tell you to do is look up. If you have access to GOOD Night Vision Binoculars, that will help too, as many of these crafts are only visible outside of our visual spectrum. Which could mean they are inter-dimensional or from another universe(maybe). It's just, honestly, super unlikely that we are alone. I think, you should start there. Contemplate: Could it just be us? Could this vast universe filled with the building blocks of life only have harbored life on Earth? I think if you consider it in those terms you will find that the odds are quite small we could be alone. Of course, if you are looking for a dead body and DNA, I am unable to produce that. 

Also, I don't know if the government is maliciously hiding information on this subject. I mean, I don't have special insider knowledge. BUT, I will say this: Our government HAS reported UFO's over nuke sites, these craft seemingly disabled (individually and remotely) their equipment. Also, you should look into the Rendlesham Forest Incident. Lots of military personnel reported seeing something strange over a few nights there, too. You can view the documents thru the FOIA. These are well-documented cases, too. The Mexican military also has RELEASED information and video concerning unknown flying objects over their skies as well. You can see this as easily as going to Youtube. 




 Maybe because we don't share their media? And, honestly, MUFON is just one of the many UFO reporting networks. I don't speak Chinese, so I don't know what reporting networks they have out there that I might be missing.

Have you heard about the Hessdalen Lights? Those are in Norway. They have sightings in Australia that are frequently reported. 

Could really be a language barrier and that US media is USA biased in that they report mostly on things happening in the bubble of USA. 

When you see an accident, do you call the UK police? Or do you call the American police? I think if you consider that sort of thinking it might make more sense to what I'm trying to convey. But I'm certain these events happen worldwide...imagine what happens over the oceans that no one ever sees?

OOOH and if you notice, most sightings that are reported happen in first world countries. So, that is another thing. Do they only hapen over FWC's? Probably not, we just have the ability to do so. That guy in the African bush isn't gonna get on his Iphone to take photos and upload em to Facebook and Twitter. India is mostly a 3rd world coutnry, people are too poor to really report, and China? I mean, it's communist, so it's very possible a lot of info doesn't even reach us.

Food for thought. I'm exhausted and going to bed. Take care and good luck with your search!! 




 I'm not going to make any excuses for you anymore, Bob. You have a serious problem, and it needs to be addressed. However,  you cannot have your girlfriend back, she's mine. 




 Addiction comes in all forms. Just because Bob is addicted to WoW, lost his girlfriend, job, dog, truck, gained 145lbs in two years, lives in filth, doesn't mean that Jake, next door, who also plays WoW on occasion, raises his daughter as a single parent and is quite stable, shouldn't be allowed it due to Bob's problem.

Insert a name of a drug for WoW (crack, meth, alcohol...) and you will see that it's all relative.  




 I would be very surprised if this was a terrestrial entity/craft/what-have-you. I didn't get any real direct impression about the intelligence it may or may not have possessed. For all I know it was a ball of energy that is sentient. I just do not know. 




 That is a difficult question to answer. In a way, it seemed biological, so if it was an "intelligence", it's different from humans. Really hard to quantify without more information, tho. 




 That is my point. If you have an inherent problem with drugs than that is your own prerogative, but I don't find drugs a 'bad' thing. meh. i was just stating how i felt.  




 That's right. I mean, I don't do the stuff myself. But I don't think it inherently makes one bad or a druggie if they occasionally enjoy a sniff or two. 




 LoooooooL 




 Honestly, in small amounts, cocaine isn't really that bad. Of course, I know that some people ruin their lives over that white lady, but some people are perfectly functioning members of society who enjoy it on occasion.  




 That's right! 




 It confirmed my belief in that we are not the only intelligent creatures in this universe. I always 'knew' that, but this got me hook, line, and sinker. It was absolute. 




 I'm not even mad, bro  




 THAT is a really interesting point! 




 I'm absolutely not ignoring my life. Not even a little. This post was about my lover. As for me, I am getting my life on track and getting a career, and a lot of it is actually because of this person. They have inspired me to do better in my life and go after things that I strive for. In so many ways, he's been good for me. :)

And it's ok that you made me cry, it's hard to hear the blunt truth about life sometimes. But I am giving it my best, and so is he. If it works out that'll be wonderful, but if not, I'll know why. So it's not so bad. I just got emotional when I found out he was leaving is all. 




 Disclosure won't happen, it's a myth promoted by Greer. They won't even admit it if an Independence Day scenario played out, with giant 'motherships' over cities. They'll just say, "we have a new threat...." 




 http://www.presidentialufo.com/ 




 Thank you! I feel very lucky to have witnessed such a sight! It was truly unbelievable, but yet, there it was...right in front of me. And, had I had better wits about me I would have taken out my camera phone and video'd or at least taken pictures. I don't know who that officer is, but I know s/he saw it, too, and I know it had to be life changing for them, it definitely was for me. I was always a believer but actually seeing it...it's vastly different. 




 I think I have a bit of a crush on the intelligence this woman has. *blush* 




 Good guy drug dealer bans crack b/c he doesn't want to destabilize his community.

Fuck yeah! 




 I have posted it here in r/ufos

I have also reported it to MUFON and was contacted by their lead investigator, Denise (out of Florida)
You can read the report [here](http://ufostalker.com/ufostalker/UFO+Sighting+in+Orlando+Florida+United+States+on+April+2nd+2007/20161)

 




 It is possible they were orbs. They do not look like chinese lanterns as they'd be freaking HUGE compared to the distance.

I'm also not saying this is definitively alien, not at all, I'm just saying that the video in and of itself, is real.

But, I do think it might be orbs. Only because I've seen one, and know others who have seen them. They aren't some new phenomena, either. 




 Yep, their humor and bullshit filters are fantastic! Definitely some of the funnest guys to listen to on the net right now.

hahaha, hipster contactee :P priceless 




 Hey now, this looks pretty legit. O.O 




 You are most welcome, Bangaa! I only share what I love :) 




 looool, you right 




 . fuck im sorry..Mo...many apologies 




 It's been proven time and time again that Marijuana is not addictive. Therefore, this post is not from an 'addict'. If you don't like marijuana, get off our green green lawn! 




 Because they obviously are advanced creatures who aren't afraid of our primitive technology interfering with them.  









 btw, reading that made me cry more...but it's ok. i just want what's best for him, it's important for him to ensure he has a stable future.  




 *sigh* I know it's going to be hard. And I am realistic, I know it may not work. Doesn't mean I won't give it a hearty shot tho.  




 Very awesome story. Have you thought about reporting this to MUFON? If not you should absolutely do so! 




 [UFO Stalker](http://www.ufostalker.com)
check out that site. The map shows reports from all corners of the globe,and NO, visitation does not only occur in the USA.

Also, not all photos or videos are blurry, either.
During my sighting I wish I had taken a photo or video, but I was much much too engrossed in the object merely 25 feet in front of me to really consider doing so. It can be quite the awe-inspiring experience :) 




 Sorry, made this in a bit of haste.

EDIT: Book Writer should read "Author" 




 I laughed way too hard at that! 




 That is sooo cool :) 









 Welcome :) 




 http://www.kfi640am.com is based out of California, they have a live player that you can listen to Noorey live, without interference, and they also have some fun other shows too. Hope this helps! 




 No. I want him to succeed. It's something I have to just deal with. However, I do wish I could go with him, but I can't. :( 




 If you want to give your money to a really great broadcast, you can try getting a Plus+ Club Account for Mysterious Universe.

You can see their extensive archive [here](http://www.http://mysteriousuniverse.org/tag/podcast/)|

These guys are based out of Austrailia, are hilarious, and they have some of the most interesting programming I've encountered in a while. It's like $9/month for the Plus+ Club, but it's worth it.
 




 Hence why I ventured out of C2C...and landed in Ground Zero 




 You should! This week they are not broadcasting live, but they are playing back shows that are fantastic! Next week will resume normal programming and later this month they are going syndicated by Premiere Networks, the same company that syndicates C2C. I really hope you enjoy it as much as I do. I really think this guy could be our next "Art Bell". 




 I used to listen to C2C, but when Noory took over as host he kinda, well, sucked. I continued to listen but I got bored of the content, and missed Art. I've since started listening to Ground Zero Radio with Clyde Lewis. His program and guests are awesome and Clyde is a fantastic host. He brings elements of Art and even Alex Jones (but much less shouting), and has that 'spooky' factor that I'm looking for :) 




 Depending on how things turn out, it may or may not matter. As of right now, it matters a whole helluva lot. 




 My lover is leaving for college for the next 1 1/2 - 2 years. He won't have a car with him and I own no car. I am currently saving up for one, but it's going to still be a bit before I can see him. This is upsetting as I just found out Sunday and he leaves Friday. Words cannot express how much I will miss him and how much I also am proud of him, too. Such a mix of emotions that I am going thru. So much is up in the air. I worry, will he find someone else? Will he forget about me? Will he decide that a long distance relationship does not work for him? I wish I had a crystal ball, but I don't think I could peer into it thru my misty, watery eyes. 




 I, for one, welcome that date being pushed back. I wonder what it'll do to the elections??? 




 If anyone knew his SN we could absolutely ask him to do this, it's amazing. 




 "sparkles and fluffy cheese"

fucking pure gold 




