









 Stories are making a comeback in terms of good places to publish, but not in terms of making decent money. Fiction writers will continue to go for novels when stories markets are considered "professional" when they pay $100 bucks for weeks or months worth of work.  




 "Genre" is a broad term. Most genres don't sell that well. It's not like writing a Western or Steampunk book in 2015 is going to get you tons of money, even if YA paranormal romance books or thrillers sell well.  




  My beef is with the snobs who hold up somebody like Jonathan Franzen as some kind of paragon of literary mastery, 

What kind of snob holds up Franzen? Franzen is read by people's parents, gets on best seller lists, and gets picked by Oprah. Lit snobs are more likely to look down on reading Franzen than hold him up. 

 
























 And they don't pay the writers, thus why they aren't "lucrative" like the thread asked. 




 Also see this:http://www.aetaltis.com/mythofprorates 




 Different orgs have different rate guidelines. 6 cents is SFWA's guide, but most professional writers would laugh at that. You can't live on six cents. That's a mere $180 for average story which probably takes weeks to write. "Pro" rate is hobby rate in reality. 




 Depends on the anthology and publisher, but generally yes, they do 




 He can buy whatever he wants, but if a magazine publishes a single story, between Amazon's fee and paying artist, illustrator, and ebook maker.... Even at .99 cents there is no money to go around.

People have to pay enough for something to be made or it wont be made.

That's the bottom line here. People don't want to even pay a buck, so there is no story market and writers focus on novels, memoirs, screenplays, and cat listicles since those still pay 




 There are a TON of magazines. Near infinite. But how many of them pay enough to be a real market? 

There might only be 6-10 magazines, if that many, that pay over $1,000 for a story left in America.  




 You wouldn't pay 1/3rd the price of a cup of coffee for a good story? 

Most collections are only 12 stories, and a collection costs 15 bucks. So it would be cheaper than a book on that level.  




 I thought the Atlantic cut their fiction issue? or they made it a "newstand only" issue instead of a regular one for subscribers?  




 No, I don't. Here's why: 

Books 4/5 were "down" books after all the crazy plot and action of book 1-3 (and especially 3). They are almost like act breaks. People hated them because they were slow moving AND because Martin compensated with a bunch of random new plot lines with characters we didn't know about. 

However, book 6 is guarenteed to have a ton of action and forward momentum. Hell book 5 ENDS right before the "battle of ice" AND the "battle of fire." So two huge important battles will take place right at the start of 6. Plus, the White Walkers will probably finally arrive. 

So no, I think people will be happy with book 6.  




 Yeah, it seems totally fine to me to "trim the fat" of Martin's plotlines that don't really tie directly into the main plot.  




 There are a lot of reasons, but I'd say the number 1 is that print magazines in general are really struggling. Magazines were the only reliable source of income from stories back in the day (few people buy anthologies). And print magazines are the only ones that can afford to PAY for fiction. 

There are tons of online magazines, but most pay very little for anything---even journalism. 

Today, the only big markets for short stories are the New Yorker and Harper's really. 

ETA: and the reason WHY the print mags are dying is the internet really. Magazine shift online (where ad revenue is much lower) and short stories compete with youtube, video games, blogs, and everything else for attention. 

Also, the online world is really about individual pieces not magazines. By that I mean, most people go to a story on The Atlantic because they see it on Facebook or twitter or it gets emailed to them. Few people go to TheAtlantic.com and read a whole "issue." In print, people do read a whole New Yorker or whatever including fiction and poetry. Online, a short story or a poem is highly unlikely to go "viral" or have a clickbait headline to lure people in. Thus, fewer people read, and thus fewer magazines publish fiction. 




   I can condense 'science fiction and fantasy' to one word 'speculative'

Well part of my problem is that the term doesn't mean that clearly. A lot of people use it to mean just science fiction (and really that makes the most logical sense--SF can be said to be "speculating" about future technology and such, but Harry Potter isn't speculating about anything with its magic world and mythical creatures). Others use it to mean just kind of all non-real fiction, others to mean all non-realist genre fiction, etc.  









 I think it's kind of a silly term as it seems to mostly be used to lump stuff together that comes from different traditions. Like, postmodernism and Latin American magical realism come from separate traditions from what gets normally labeled fantasy or SF. I don't know what's helpful about lumping them all together as "speculative." 

It's also a confusing term because there's no common definition. It originally just mean "science fiction" (or, perhaps, "arty" science fiction). Now some people use it that way, like Margaret Atwood, while others use it to mean SF and F, others use it to mean SF, F and H, and others use it to mean SF/F/H/magical reailsm/surrealism/fabulism/fairy tales/postmodernism 




 Did you make the person unidentifiable? I don't think there is any chance you could be sued. 

If you changed Professor Bill Smith of Vassar college to Will Smith of Wasser college, you might theoretically have trouble. Although it is unlikely the public figure will care unless your book starts selling really well 




  Well, musicians usually stop listening to music when they are creating their own.

uh... what? I know a lot of musicians and I've never heard that before. You mean that while composing a song for a few hours in their studio they don't listen to other music? Maybe, but that doesn't mean they don't listen to music most of the time.  




 100 X yes. 

And really, no offense meant, but why would you want to write a novel if you don't like reading novels? (Or make a film if you don't like watching films? Or write a song if you don't listen to music?)

 




 Most of the writers you list wrote realistic works in the sense that their "fictional world" is our world, so they wouldn't really have internal logic problems unless they just messed up some facts. 

I'm sure that many authors have small errors (like a shirt changing color or something.) However, these things are less common in books than in films because in films they are often caused by so many people working on the project and one of them slipping up (putting the wrong shirt at the actor's door or whatever) 




 Such an amazing book. Everyone should read Calvino.  









 Yeah it's a pretty different thing from, say, Lord of the Rings which is one continued narrative with the same characters. Or Dune, which follows same characters and locations over generations. Etc. 

Does the Hainish cycle even repeat any characters? 

Sometimes literary authors take a character from one book and use them in a very different context in another, and we don't call those part of a "series"

 



















 Richard Price wrote for The Wire and is a GREAT novelist. 

George RR Martin wrote for various TV shows before Game of Thrones /ASOIAF. 

(I'm pretty sure S. by JJ Abrams was really written by co-writer and Abrams came up with the general idea.) 




 No prob! It didn't show up when I searched links for some reason, sorry 





























 Wiki: Le Guin herself has discounted the idea of a "Hainish Cycle", writing on her website that "The thing is, they aren't a cycle or a saga. They do not form a coherent history. There are some clear connections among them, yes, but also some extremely murky ones."'

Brave New World sequel? He wrote a non-fiction book on BNW later and Island, which is like a thematic counterpart but isn't a "sequel" in the sense the OP is talking about... a continued fictional story over multiple books.  




 It's definitely true for fantasy, probably because "epic fantasy" dominates and it is hard to be epic in a short novel. 

Not sure it is totally true for SF. Dune and Hitchhiker's Guide are series, but most people only read the first book. 

But: 

* 1984
* The Martian Chronicles
* The Left Hand of Darkness
* Brave New World
* Dhalgren
* Stranger in a Strange Land
* Slaughterhouse Five
* The Handmaid's Tale
* Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? 

I think most of the big SF books are standalone. 

If you want a reason though I would say probably because "genre" fiction is more geared towards sales than literary fiction, and series sell. They sell for TV shows, they sell for film franchises, and they sell for books. Look at the endless reboots and spin-offs we get in comics, TV, film...

So it isn't just fantasy and to a degree SF. It's also true of mysteries, crime fiction, romances, thrillers... 




 yeah that's a good point too. Plenty of the beat poets and others self-published too.  




  because they're automatically accepted as literature. 

I think Dawgbro's point is that they AREN"T "automatically" accepted. Quite the opposite, they stood up against dozens or hundreds of years of criticisms to be considered classic. 

 I'm wondering if that confirmation bias is what keeps them popular today, rather than the writing itself

Confirmation bias plays into everything, but keep in mind that tons of books that are considered classics stop being read every year. If you went back and a looked at a 100 best books ever list from 1950, there would be a lot of titles that we don't read anymore. No label protects a book if readers don't like it. 
 




  I feel like the label "classic" has protected these books from a lot of criticism, 

I mean... sure, things that are highly regarded are less likely to be criticized 100 years later. But keep in mind that these were never classics the day they were published. Many of them had negative reviews or had struggles getting published in their day. Some took 10 or 20 or 50 years to be considered classics. 

So it isn't that they didn't get criticism, it's that they fought (and won) their critical battles already. I mean, really, who has something really NEW to say about Cervantes? Is a critic in 2015 going to really "expose" Cervantes? 

But all the classics get a bazillion 1 star reviews on Amazon from angry students anyway. 

 Which, in turn, makes me wonder how many unknown e-books floating around out there today would have earned the "classic" label had they been published verbatim as serials 150 years ago.

Well, probably not too many because most books that have the kind of style, themes, and power that make them last and be considered classics still get published through traditional presses. That might change in 20 years time of course.  




 Your bosses are silly. Autobiographical fiction dates back to like the start of fiction. If anything, all memoirs should be called novels because they all fictionalize a ton of things.  




 It depends. I mean I do think it's true that most series (whether TV or books) are not as consistency good as the best stand-alone works (novels or films). The best stand-alone works are great through and through, but even the best TV shows or (long) novel series have a few clunky chapters/episodes or even mediocore seasons or books. 

That said, there is nothing wrong with liking a series! 





























 I know so many people who complain about being forced to take biology and advanced math and other subjects that have zero bearing on their jobs in the real world. 

But I still like the idea of education providing a well-rounded experience, and teaching people things beyond what they have to directly use at their day job. 

Personally, writing classes were easily the most useful skills I learned. 

Most STEM classes, history classes, and so on in HS and for non-majors are just rote memorization of facts that you quickly forget, but basic writing skills are used every day.  









 Gotta disagree with the above. "Essay" writing skills transfer pretty directly to general writing, thinking, and information conveying skills that everyone needs. So you are a STEM dude and you don't write essays for your job? Sure, but you probably write emails, you probably have to persuade people in meetings, you probably have to write cover letters and so on and so forth.  





























 A Le Monde study showed only 1% of their cartoons attacked Islamic extremists (something like 5% targeted Catholic church and Christians). Vast majority of their work was on politics, sports, and economics.  










































































 The Nebulas, Hugos, and Locus awards all have different voting methods. For that matter, Pulitzer and National Book Awards have even more different ones. Each award is different.  



















 heh 




 Yeah, that label get slapped on almost ANY book with a teen protagonist. Plus, those two books are often taught in high schools as it is anyway.  


































 I agree with you there, he certainly wasn't this revered in his lifetime (although how could anyone be? He's the most celebrated writer in English ever). But his troop was literally patroned by the fucking King and he was celebrated by his fellow writers. 

Also, according to this it didn't take till the 18th century to valorize him: 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shakespeare%27s_reputation

 By contrast to the stage history, in literary criticism there was no lag time, no temporary preference for other dramatists: Shakespeare had a unique position at least from the Restoration in 1660 and onwards. While Shakespeare did not follow the unbending French neo-classical "rules" for the drama and the three classical unities of time, place, and action, those strict rules had never caught on in England, and their sole zealous proponent Thomas Rymer was hardly ever mentioned by influential writers except as an example of narrow dogmatism. Dryden, for example, argued in his influential Essay of Dramatick Poesie (1668)  the same essay in which he noted that Shakespeare's plays were performed only half as often as those of Beaumont and Fletcher  for Shakespeare's artistic superiority. Though Shakespeare does not follow the dramatic conventions, Dryden wrote, Ben Jonson does, and as a result Jonson lands in a distant second place to "the incomparable Shakespeare", the follower of nature, the untaught genius, the great realist of human character. 




 Influencing a genre IS a big deal. Agree there. Although it could probably be argued that both Rowling and Gaiman have been more influential in fantasy in the same time period. 

But I like Martin so don't care too much to pursue that.  




 Honestly, whether ripping off or homaging McCarthy, this is just nowhere near close enough of a quote to be plagiarism. So I disagree with your mother. 

Probably it was unintentional, but I'm sure Doerr has read Blood Merdian. Sometimes quotes get stuck in writers heads and they unconsciously borrow years later.  




  Have you/do you plan to "work your way up" the short fiction market echelons or did/will you start at the top of the heap?

I think this is a good way to do it. Some people think you should just shoot for the top, but what I'd do is be realistic: get a list of 10 magazines you think are very good but not like the top magazines* who only take agented submissions (New Yorker, Harper's, whatever) and submit to them. When you get rejected, go to your next 10 picks. Then your next 10. 

If your story is getting rejected more than 20-30 times, it is probably time for a serious rewrite or a new story. 

Ideally, you have a half-dozen stories you are sending out, each to different places, all the time. 

* agree with commentor below who says that starting at the top for SF/F magazines isn't crazy, they aren't as selective as a New Yorker type place.... although they are still very hard!  




 Depends what you mean. It's much easier to get into Glimmer Train than say The Paris Review, New Yorker, or Tin House. But I doubt they take more than 1% of their submissions so it's still very hard.  




 Good post! 




 You have to distinguish between immediate popularity and long term popularity. THe bestseller lists of past decades are filled with names that none of us would recognize. Being popular as a fad doesn't mean you will be read in 100, 50, or even 10 years.  




  George rr Martin may not be Shakespeare but he is undoubtedly going to become a defining author of this decade. 

This raises a question about the difference between a defining AUTHOR and a defining WORK. 

ASOIAF is clearly the dominant work of adult fantasy of the least 50 years (in English at least). 

But that doesn't mean that Martin's prose or style of writing will be a big influence beyond encouraging publishers to publish more giant high fantasy series. 

Like Martin is a million times better than EL James, but EL James likewise wrote the "defining" work of her genre--50 Shades of Grey--that has caused real changes in the publishing industry and reading public. Does that mean that EL James is a "defining author" though? I'd bet in 50 years no one will remember her, beyond being a historical footnote about a really popular erotica book that shook up the industry. 

Martin, again, is much better and a ASOIAF will last I think.  




  Shakespeares contemporaries talked shit about him too.

Who? Shakespeare was widely regarded as one of the greatest, if not the greatest, playwright of his time by fellow writers based on what I've read.  




 I wouldn't go so far as to say it is "bad" but I think he has some major flaws. Style is subjective, but here are some things I can see people disliking: 

1) He is a little too enamored of his fake/archaic english words and it starts getting silly seeing "nuncle" "wroth" "leal" and "boiled leather" every other sentence. (He also uses some of those words, like "wroth" incorrectly)

2) His interior thoughts have always struck me as needlessly repetitive. He makes his characters state things that we already know. 

3) His characters are often pretty one deminsional and kind of comically focused on singular things. Now, I know someone is going to tell me that his characters are really dynamic over the course of the whole series... that is somewhat true. But those books are HUGE. The 5 ASOIAF are about the size of 30 normal novels. If it takes you 30 novels to make your characters change and grow, that's not that impressive. If you read AGOT, the characters are mostly pretty flat. 

4) He relies why too much on fake out cliffhangers. 

5) In general, I can't remember a single sentence from the books. I can't even really remember much atmosphere or mood. All I remember is plot. 

Ultimately I agree with you that his prose is "not brilliant" but "solid." I don't agree that it is a "strong voice" though! It's a preetty forgettable voice outside of his use of archaic english words and made up fantasy terms. If you took a few of his sentences and removed those elements, you'd never be able to pick his prose out of a line-up in the way you could Faulkner or Hemingway or whoever truly has a strong voice.  




 Well however you want to define it, there are some books that try to make their prose as simple as possible and focus all efforts on the plot and "page turner" quality. Some books like that, that dont' offer anything except plot ideas, twists, and turns, will lose a lot from knowing the ending. 

But you won't lose much of anything from a truly great masterpiece just because you know the ending. You know? 

Now, to be clear, there are books that have fantastic plots AND are really well written. I'm not saying that plot is opposed to great writing in that way at all. 

I'm not talking Fight Club or Ender's Game really, and I'm certainly not talking about Raymond Chandler or Philip K. Dick, but more like Dan Brown or James Patterson kind of books. 




 Depends on the book. 

Great literary fiction is about far more than plot and knowing, say, the end to Moby-Dick or Lolita is not going to ruin them. 

But some "beach read" type fiction that rests entirely on plot--especially plot twists--rests on you not knowing the ending.  




 People always seem to think the world will end, but I do think it's true that today feels very precarious... perhaps not at the height of the Cold War, but with climate change, the recent near collapse of the global economy, etc. there is a lot of apocalyptic feeling about. 

It seems like your main point is that literary fiction's recent post-apoc trend was predated by a SF/horror one that the lit mainstream largely ignored. 

I think that's true overall, although Ballard, Jackson, and Vonnegut have been long embraced by the lit mainstream. 

(Jackson's The Sundial was published on FSG, the gold-standard of lit publishers, not a genre publisher for example)

 









 "Always meant for Sauron to win, but wussed out at the last moment" - JRR Tolkien  







































 maybe try r/writing or one of the writing forums 



















 Well, you and I disagree about Littlefinger's motivations. I think he wants as much power as possible, and you are more likely to gain territory and armies by running a whole sub-kingdom than by being a treasurer with no noble title in court.  




   Its why he pisses away a cushy position at the capital to abscond off to the Eyrie with Sansa.

Really? Littlefinger doesn't just abscond to the Eyrie, he maneuvers himself to be lord protector of the Vale. His power has increased immensely. 

Also, cushy position? Maybe, except surely he sees the writing on the wall that pyscho cersei is coming into power.  














 The show only has so many characters they can really juggle though. Sansa already is major. Ramsay is fairly big. Theon is in winterfell. 

So the storyline makes total sense from a TV perspective. Having Sansa do nothing and Ramsay deal with some no name woman character wouldn't work for TV 














 I'm also referencing the dozens of essays on Hebdo from people who haven't read them in Salon, Slate, The Atlantic, everywhere.  




 Honestly, I'm not sure. I remember Teju Cole's essay on Hebdo being critiqued by people who actually live in France and actually read french. I'd bet that most of the withdrawing people are basing their assesment on second hand info from people who aren't totally aware of the context.  









 I honestly feel like 99% of people attacking Hebdo haven't read more than like 3 cartoons that they didn't even bother to translate or try to understand. 

I have some issues with Hebdo's cartoons, but most people are just talking out of ignorance.  
























 Hmm, yeah I wonder what the difference is. The big lit mags get several thousand a year, maybe even up to 20k. (NYer or something gets way more). No clue what the genre ones get.  









 Oh I meant that he was maybe referencing existing french laws that are seen as anti-muslim, not that he was calling for censorship laws 




 I think he means the nation as in the government and the laws they've passed, but yeah it's a bit much 




 Dude is also from Australia, which has famously fucked up race relations. Glass house and all that.  
























 ha, that's a nice comparison actually (I like that band a lot though) 




 I thought Annhilation was one of the best SF books I've read in years. It's taut, beautifully written, genuinely creepy, does the Lovecraft unknowable horror in a new way, and was really well paced. 

The second book wasn't quite my thing. 

Third book was a true halfway between the two and a very good read. 

  I felt that the three books in separate (instead of a single book) were a marketing ploy

disagree with this. For one thing, the three books are very distinct and function almost as stand alone novels... at least books 1 and 2. 

but more so, combining all three into one book would be a really long book. Like 900 at least? I think the LOTR books are about 1100, for comparison's sake, and they were published as 3. 

Granted, sometimes epic fantasy tomes like Dance with Dragons or The Stand are that long, but I think it's plenty fair to break up books that have distinct feels into 200-350 page works. 

ETA: Also worth noting that there is a hardcover version with all three books a single volume.  




 Homeland by Sam Lipsyte

Hitchiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams 




 As a "job"? Almost impossible. 

As a gig that pays like maybe 50 bucks a review? Possible. 

As a hobby where you don't get paid? That's very easy. 

try /r/writing though 




 There's a lot to respond to here, but 

 If I have to research my own marketing like a full, no-agent self-publisher why did I even bother getting an agent in the first place?

Agents don't market books really. They sell them to publishers and it's the publisher's job (and the author's) to market. Or are you saying his agency has their own publishing house too which publishes "company" work? That's highly unusual.  




 try /r/writing or /r/selfpublish 




 Either "A stranger comes to town" or "a man goes on a journey" 




 I don't think that "believability" is the goal at all, that's like critiquing Lord of the Rings for not being "realistic" with all its dragons and magic.  









  Except as the author of the article points out, Patterson and Koontz use stock characters and plots as well but do not suffer the same derision in the public eye.

Gotta disagree totally here. 

There is lots of sexism in the publishing world. I think, all else being equal, a female writer is less likely to be reviewed, less likely to be taken seriously, and less likely to be a best seller. I also think it's true that Romance is looked down upon, perhaps partly for gender reasons. 

But the idea that Patterson and Koontz aren't the butts of jokes? Those are just horrible examples. There are lots of threads on this forum alone where people ask why everyone calls Patterson or Koontz hacks. 

I also think it's true, as others above have pointed out, that genre may matter more than gender. male romance authors like Nicholas SParks are constantly mocked. OTOH, female authors in other genres (Rowling, Flynn, Tartt, whoever you want to name) are hardly automatically looked down upon. 

Does Koontz get less mockery than Roberts? Maybe, but it's like saying Shaq is short because Yao Ming is taller. It makes zero sense to say that Koontz or Patterson (or Dan Brown or a dozen other widely mocked popular authors) get a "free pass" 




 Patterson and Koontz are the butts of tuns of jokes. Patterson is known as a fiction factory with ghostwriters.

And how many Dan Brown jokes are out there? 




 nice! It gets crazier and crazier 




 The question of whether contests are worth it monetarily is one thing. I never enter because the entry fees add up quickly. 20 bucks, but you probably need to enter 30 contests to win one, so suddenly 500 bucks for maybe a $400 prize. 

But to your specific question, I think that conests are MORE likely to pick relatively unknown authors than other submission things. Because most big name authors don't submit to them out of fairness and being at a different point in their career. 

if you submit to say Tin House through the slush, you are competing against a ton of big name and agented authors who are submitting work. But if you submit to a contest, those authors won't be entering and you are only competiting against emerging writers.  














 Gene Wolfe is one of the best. Book of the New Sun series is essential SF reading 














 It's so hard, because you are always going up against the whole of literature in a sense, right? Like why read my work when you could read Tolstoy or Tolkien? 

But we gotta push through it 



















 Wow, crazy. I did honors english but our reading list was all lit canon (Crime and Punishment, Wuthering Heights, etc.) 




 Wow really? I can't imagine any high school teaching The Stand! (In part because of the length). I certainly never had any King in HS.  




 Yes, as others said I'd get a job, any kind of job, as quick as possible. Writing takes time--both to write and to pitch and to get your forms processed and then to get paycheck. Even if you are lucky enough to get a paying gig somewhere, you are looking at a couple months from start to paycheck... for probably 50 bucks. 

You could try looking into copywriting or copyediting gigs for something more steady.  







































 We can stop talking about it when working writers whose work is desired by consumers start making living wages

(and, yes, if tons of people are pirating books to read they desire those books) 




 What the other people said. 

The smallish (but really thick) paperbacks you see in grocery stores that have like the author's name embossed in giant letters (DEAN KOONTZ! etc.) and have thin, flimsy paper and covers are mass market paperbacks. 

The normal paperbacks you buy in bookstores are trade paperback. 

Mass market is mostly limited to commerical fiction: romances, thrillers, etc.  




 It's discussed on here a lot, I'm sure you can find threads on it 




 Blood Meridian (help me remember that never seeing humans might not be such a bad thing) 









 Tropic of War (Book One)
 




 haha, or like a memoir of a Chilean psychologist trying to treat really angry  patients 









  In my experience there is no qualitative difference between self published and traditionally published books.

Could you list a few self-published books that you think are of equal quality to the great works of "trad" publishing from the same time span. Say, that are of equal quality to the Booker, NBA, Pulitzer winners?  




  I've never really understood the hate towards self-published fiction. Why is it in writing that people hate it? You don't see the same hate directed at Indie games, films and amateur radio and a lot of that can end up rubbish.

Well, there are a few things here I think. 

First off: "indie" in other genres is closer to independent/small press publishing. "indie" record labels are still record labels that operate similar to big ones but on a smaller scale. "indie" studios have to raise cash and finance films. So they are like indie presses: Tin House, Graywolf, Mcsweeney's, etc. 

In all those cases, there are still quality controls and a barrier to entry. Lots of high quality work comes from indie presses, indie films, and indie games. 

Self-publishing--as opposed to indie publishing/small press publishing--has zero barriers, zero quality control, and just an infinite flood of work. I've read over a million books are self-published each year. The closest thing I can think of in another medium is like youtube videos, but people make plenty fun of those too... and youtube video people don't really expect to become famous artists from it. 

On top of that, self-publishing authors--not all, but many--tend to annoy everyone else in the publishing world because they harass everyone with links, spam, emails begging for reviews, tweets to Amazon links, etc. My friends in publishing are bombarded by self-publishing spam every day. I get it, because when you have 1 million self-published books to compete against you are going to be desperate to stand out and to get readers. But it is part of why people look down on that world.  














  but to me the bigger problem is about adequate discovery.

These aren't unrelated though. Discoverability is harder when there are 1 million self-published ebooks coming out each year. (That's a real estimate I've seen) 




 Anything from zero to millions. Really depends on the author. 

Generally speaking, most literary authors don't make any money in royalties per se. Authors get an "advance" against royalties before the book comes out, and most of the time the author doesn't earn out the advance so they don't get more than that. 

Nowadays, the average advance is somewhere between 5 and 20 thousand for a small time author at a Big 5 house. Big name authors get much more though.  



















 I'm just skeptical that happens. I mean, I've watched dozens of friends have debut books. Many have multiple now. They didn't lose all their struggling writer friends.  









 I'm skeptical of the idea you lose all your friends. She says that, then doesn't explain why or say that happened to her.  
























 love going to SF book stores to look at old pulp covers 





























 You said collection (not collecting) society in lowercases. Thought you were maybe using a term for welfare state I hadn't heard used.  




