 That's some repugnant shit! 




 Con Yay 




 Yooo I had low expectations for this and I got to On Sight and I'm seriously turning up in my car right now! 

edit: Oh my god, and I've never even *heard* God Level before! This shit bumps! 




 This isn't very good. 




 This! Even in the Lost World, Isla Sorna was totally abandoned. It would be great to see a story of the hurricane hitting the island and seeing shit hit the fan as workers try to get off the island as dinosaurs begin to break loose. I always felt like Isla Sorna was a more ambitious project than the '93 Isla Nublar. I want to see it before it was hit by the storm.  




 Ray Arnold didn't die. He survived, armless, on Isla Nublar.  









 FILMMAKERS 3 




 This is trash, dog 




 This was *by far* his best live performance of this song. He's done this so many times and I think he finally nailed it with this. 




 BLAAAAAAAAAAADES 




 He's portrayed as a dreamer. A revolutionary. Walt Disney. He always had the best intentions. 




 Ahhhhhh, ***this*** is what I've been looking for. Is there a good master of Wolves? 




 meh 




 Notice the bones above the writing. Is that a spine?? 




 I really don't like Stronger. I can't stand that it's one of his most popular songs. I always hear it on the radio and cringe. That is not a song Kanye would make now. And his feature on Katy Perry's E.T...  




 How is your self esteem?  









 I'm trying to find more videos like [this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSCrre45vCE)

It reminds me of some sick fever dream I might have had as a child. I wouldn't mind getting stoned and watching something similar to this. Anybody know of any other videos like this? 




 Oh my GOD! I LISTENED TO THAT SONG SO MANY TIMES IN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL!!! 5th grade, 2005, specifically! I really thought it was Weird Al. Me and my buddy used to jam out to this in his shed when we first learned how to use the internet on our own. There was a YTMND and I remember finally finding an mp3 of it and being so happy. My parents didn't like it when I sang it at the dinner table. Haha I'm so happy you made this post. Thank you, catthedd. You had an influence on some young children in Arizona. 




 Am I the only person that feels bad for her? I don't like how police officers are so ruthless. 




 I kind of like it. It's charming. 




 I believe you. I don't necessarily believe they stole your story per se, but I actually know a few people that have also written scripts for Jurassic Park IV that are eerily similar to Jurassic World. I think a lot of people have a lot of the same ideas of what they would want to see in a new JP film. 




 Jesus. 




 "Life...uh...finds a way"  -  Ian Malcolm 




 He's so happy. :') 




 I've never been more depressed from a movie. I hated it. I don't know why anybody would enjoy it. 




