 * with manchego 









 Honestly, no clue.  I'm also surprised how nice it turned out.  

I buried the chunk in seasoned and pink'd salt, soaked it over night, rubbed it down with my green chile and black pepper mix, and it's been sitting on a cookie cooling rack on a sheet pan in my garage for the last 2 weeks under a tea towel.  I didn't even hang it... 









 I watched the seachickens lose for 30 years.  I move out of Seattle, they win.  I hope they go back to losing. 




 Well I don't know what to tell you.  I wish my products were on a shelf somewhere for you to buy.... 




 in my fridge ;) 




 Nitrates, more than likely.  Sometimes I forget and don't use them.  As for this piece, it looks like either a paprika or red chile rub and then cold smoked.  But I honestly don't know if it's not somewhere else in the comments of this thread... 




 Anytime you want to stop by, feel free.  I've got 4 kinds on hand now and 3 others in cure.  It is an evolving process. 




 Not of this batch. But there are a ton of more pics of bacon in various stages here...

http://m.imgur.com/a/DlsgR 




 Trim that skin, yo!  But that looks very nice. 














 Holy god damn.  As a cracker ass honky from the north, that picture is fucking beautiful. 




 Who cares what that guy thinks? 




 Hey man, I'm better than you.  What are you going to do to me when I steal your business with a better product, cheaper price, and far superior service?  Throw a tantrum?

It sounds like you have some serious fucking anger issues.  I know, because I do as well.  Get the fuck over it.  It is nothing personal, it is business.  But if this guy is as big of a jack off as you make, let him run himself out of business.  But if you're the bigger jack off to make threats against a competitor on the internet, jesus fucking christ man.  Close your shop up now before you become Amy's Baking Company. 




 If it's on the internet, it has to be true...

But if it comes from the mouth of McGee and it is related to science and food, you better fucking believe it! 




 This is a good thought. Specialize in an item or two and make it banging.  I personally would kill for a gas station with a functioning restaurant inside.  If you buy it though, just invest in solar immediately and put in a charge slot.  I'm pretty sure the store across the street doesn't have that yet... 




 Empanadas, made on site to freeze and fried to order.  A little hinged press and you can crank 45 an hour by hand with the right mise.  Perfect gas station food... 




 I work with MMJ providers, caregivers, and dispensaries.  NM is a joke when it comes to MMJ.  If MMJ is something you are considering making a move around, look at CO, OR, or WA.  Those three states are much more friendly.

 




 I've scrubbed the hell out of it sadly.  It's an older bottle and I'd hate to throw it out.  I just seems the elbow grease doesn't do the trick... 




 I think this whole thing is funny.  The ABQ police is so fucking trigger happy that they shoot their own. 




 Pass the knowledge! 




 I take salt, put it on a tray, and place it in a rolling smoker for a couple of hours.  I don't know how you wouldn't have luck with that... 




 These words are going on a shirt. 




 Thanks!  I like some sandwiches too.  Sadly, I live up in Santa Fe and I am hard pressed finding a good sandwich in this town.  So being the food guy that I am, I just decided that I was going to make some of the better ones in the area.  Trying to open up a truck up here though is one of the biggest clusterfucks I've come across.

However, I'm about to swing a deal with Natural Grocers and a couple of other stores down in ABQ to start making some grab and go snacks for their deli cases.  I'm thinking things like shooters, muffalatas, good salumi, etc.  None of that tuna and egg salad gas station BS...

What do you think about Bahn Mi Coda? 




 If you were looking for some seriously awesome BBQ and know what you are talking about when it comes to food, how could you be deterred by that place?  That joint looks run down as fuck and 100% legit.  Anyone running BBQ out of a joint like that HAS to know what they are doing... 




 Spices.  Salt in particular.  Simply because it means I can pack my smoke in my bag and take it with me :) 




 Back when I was applying, I was told there was no curb side vending.  I still don't see any of that.  Granted, I'm up in SF and don't see much.  But what I do is all on private property. 




 All I can say is I tried and would love to operate a truck in ABQ.  But they made it impossible for the most part.  This is just fucking stupid and it is unfortunate, because the good people of the city lose out.  And if any of you are curious, this is what I would love to be feed you folks...

http://imgur.com/a/BYZRe 




 you mean something like this?  With a side of sweet garlic chile?

http://i.imgur.com/uO4HCUM.jpg 




 Ya know, he just might.  I personally believe that his legacy and message will stand the test of time. 









 what in the holy fuck. 




 Ah!  Bend.  That is old stomping ground...

Don't sell the kitchen short.  Nor the venue aspect.  Both those items are awesome to keep people around.  Just shoot for them to be profitable. Or the gravy on the beer making.  Just don't do either half assed.  

Look at the McMinimums for some awesome examples of some simply fucking stellar places.  They built their empire on beer.  Not renovating old buildings and slinging garden burgers. 




 First of all.  City and State man, city and state!  WTF is your demographic?  It don't mean nothing if you make better beer than the Trappists if you don't have people to buy it :)

What are the sales needed to break you even?  Those plans to me look like a cool $500K min if you are building from the ground up.  

Oh.  And for the size and what you talking about doing, your kitchen is fucked.  Sorry.  Someone else said it, but plan the hood now.  Don't do it later. 




 Yeah...  So I made those tortillas from scratch.  And then proceeded to make them how I wanted to eat them.  So I think you should go fuck yourself and you should be ashamed for being an asshole. 




 WTF doesn't it go on? 









 As a professional cook, former restaurant owner, current cater, bar manager, and overall food professional I must politely tell you to go fuck yourself.  You are a great example of why this world is on a fast track to extinction.   




 If you ask in kitchen confidential, be prepared for a lot of backlash.  And some good advice if you can filter out the BS which will probably get thrown your way.  

If you sacrifice cost in training, you will sacrifice value in your product.  Plain and simple.  One of the things I would suggest if you are seeing turn over and high costs in training is to change your hiring practices.  Or maybe there is a "weak link" in your kitchen somewhere that needs to be fixed.  

It sounds like you need someone to come in and set up a program for you.  IMO.  But then again, I am a freelance restaurant "fixer."  I've built and ran kitchens, from small scale mom and pop (3 on the line) to corporate places doing $5K in food sales on a Tuesday for lunch.  However, my specialty is walking into a kitchen and finding an extra 5-10% yearly profit in a fairly short order.

So ask away.  But please also provide details about your shop.  A posted menu, location, demographic, sales, square footage, number of tables/seats, etc.  And pictures of your kitchen can do wonders.  

If you don't feel comfortable posting this info online, feel free to PM me and we can take it to personal contact if you wish.  This is one time offer. I usually charge people good money for this kind of advice.  I'm just bored between gigs :) 




 I think the process was about 2 weeks in total?  Salt box for 5 days, desalinate 1 day, and an 8 day hang?  That sounds about right, I think?  I really should start keeping better records... 









 I'm assuming you mean breaded, not battered.  Battered is wet, breaded is dry.  If you are battering a pork chop, you are doing it wrong.  Try breading it in the following method.  You can't fuck it up if you do it like this.

Take your 1/2" to 3/4" cutlet and pat it dry.  Coat it in seasoned flour, dip it in egg, and then finally place in a large bowl with LOTS of breadcrumbs.  So much that when you place the chop in there, that none of the wet chop touches the bowl.  Only bread crumb.  Then gently press down on the meat to secure the crumb to the wash and toss some over the top to coat thoroughly.  Flip the chop over and press down again.  Then make sure the sides are sealed as well.  Place on parchment paper and into the fridge for 1/2 hour or up to 24 hrs.  Once the breading is soggy, it is worthless.

Making sure that you have a good seal on the coating is key.  It means it will stick together.  It also means that if it is cooked properly, it will crust and keep your meat juicy and moist.

In a hot hot pan pour in enough oil to come up half way on the chop.  Just as the oil starts to shimmer, gently place the chops in the pan.  DON'T TOUCH THE FUCKING CHOPS.  Turn the heat down to mediumish.  After about 3 minutes, gently shake the pan.  If chop slides easily, it is time to flip it over.  With a fish spatula (google it if you need), not tongs.  Another 3 minutes, it should be good.

If you are doing clams this way, just fry them till the breading is golden and you're good. 




 Those are pretty neat.  Other than knife handles, I've always wondered what small pieces of antler shed could be used for. 




 It is a sandwich. 




 Those people are fruitcakes.  I mean, melts?  I mean, they don't know what a sandwich is?   









 Thanks.  I'm starting to love working with the laminate dough. 




 Honestly, I don't want to burst your bubble, but you really won't want to do it.  The thing isn't just big enough.  By the time you're done sinking in the $250 in all the controls PLUS having spent all the time doing the conversion work, you will probably be mad that you can only do one 3# piece of bacon at a time.

I speak this from experience.

I know you want to do it and if you can, here is my suggestion to keep you happy.  Make a deal with a friend who has the room or a garage for a full size fridge to convert.  Or get another place.  Something that a lot of people would never think about is a small storage unit.  They are usually are all pest controlled,  24 hr access, and have electricity inside... 




 Veggie burgers of sorts.  Make the mix, shape them, and freeze them on sheet pans before placing in a ziplock.  Or you can freeze them in a stack between parchment paper. 




 Man.  I don't really recipe so much :(

The jam filling was (all approx) 2 parts blue to 1 part black, white sugar, honey, vanilla,  and salt.  The mascarpone cream was 8oz of mascarpone, 4oz of cream cheese, juice and zest of one lemon, powdered sugar.

Danish dough is 8# flour, 2# water 1# sugar,  3oz yeast, 3# butter.  

I know all of this ALMOST helps... 




 a shot of them being made...

http://i.imgur.com/nLIxt8Y.jpg 









 Properly. 









 Don't waste your first go around trying to do a panchetta hang.  You'll probably fuck it up and be pissed at the wasted product.  Strip that belly down into 3 or 4 chunks and start with a couple of simple bacon cures.  Remember, to learn how to ride a bike, you have to know how to walk. 




 WTF? 




 Hopefully you got to see some of the farolito madness.  There sure were a metric fuckton of people out on Canyon... 




 caja china? 




 Include me!  I'm on the internet bandwagon! 




 I know.  It's just not nearly as fun to say. 




 The change is in management.  It is moving from being a grand experiment of a National Preserve to becoming apart of the parks department.  Or maybe USFS, but probably Parks.

This change means many things.  The number one thing that is being fought is paved roads.  Currently, once you exit off of Hwy 4, you hit dirt road.  There are no paved roads in the Valles Caldera and it has been that way intentionally.  Both Parks and USFS have said that one of the first things they want to do if they are granted control, is to put paved roads in so there is easier access to the public.  That is fucked.  This land needs to be preserved and should have the public even further restricted, rather than encourage more traffic.

This change is bad for national security via LANL, the Pueblos, local environment, and will be devastating for the Jamez valley.  All everyone ever talks about when it comes to public land is "let the public on it!"  The problem is that the majority of the public is fucking stupid and are negligent to the wonderful things they are given. 




 broiled Heirlooms and manchango

some kind of hung bacon I don't know when or how I made

eggs

grilled spilt muffin

Goulden's mustard.

 









 Go to the Valles Caldera.  The way it is operated and overseen is about to change and this will probably be the only chance you will have to see any of it in it's current state.  Which is sad :(

http://www.vallescaldera.gov/

And just down the road from there is Bandelier. 




 I don't know if I'd ever use it in a professional kitchen, but I grind down 1 T of MSG with about 2 cups coarse kosher for my personal use.  And well, french fries at my house at just a little bit more awesome.  

Just like using salt as a seasoning, you shouldn't taste MSG if it is used properly.  Maybe that is a personal opinion, I dunno.  But I love the shit.  Nothing wrong with a little Sazon Goya in the pot from time to time.  It is a shame that it has gotten such a bum rap over the years. 




 This was not made with a waffle iron. 




 Because most people want to eat my sandwiches :) 




 Fresh mozz, smoked gouda, pepper jack, pecorino, parm, and possibly something else? 




 Homemade pancetta, heirloom tomato, broiled multi-cheese, green chile, sourdough. 




 Always. 









 I love it when uneducated people talk about food.   




 Jacques Pepin.  Most of his Fast Food My Way series is on youtube. 




 There is only one person who can utter those words and have others truly appreciate how magical they are.  Ding!  




 I appreciate it.  I understand what you mean by pinning now.  It was just a different term than what I'm used to.  As to the weights, I misunderstood what you meant as pinning.  Not ingredients, just silly me.

The dough is currently being run through a sheeter, 3 folds.  I'm not going to stop and measure the fold, it is all done by eyeball and feel.  There is too much other dough going through the sheeter, we honestly don't have time.  Hence the product loss as it currently sits.  We are making so much of the product that the scrap is (sadly) a loss leader.  Which is why I want to salvage it.  I feel like I have the majority of the current scrap figured out and recycling a bunch more will almost eliminate it.  I hope.  We just have to bear through this holiday pie and cookie overwhelment before we can do anything.  240 dozen triple colored cookies is no BS...

I have been debating on doing the third fold a 1/4 fold and then doing a final fourth before shaping and forming.  Do you think that the fourth fold is excessive for packaged goods?  I don't know much about any of this baking nonsense.  And what I do know is Suzi Q homemaker bullshit.  What I know how to do is cook ;) 




 Savory is the direction I'm  leaning.  I've been playing with a few things, but nothing has stood out yet.  I dig the idea of the egg cup, our main hindrance is a 2 day shelf life and non refrigerated.  I know I can secure refrigeration space at several accounts, but that is down the line.

We currently do cinnamon rolls/twists/mini twists, caramel nut rolls, spiral jelly filled, bear claws, cheese pockets, croissants, and choco croissants with our danish.

Hot pockets.  TheSparrow16, you might just be a fucking genius.  Nobody in our area is doing anything remotely like that. 




 I would do that, but there are 2 competing bakeries in the area who share shelf space with us. 




 Recycling is something we've been talking about, just haven't had the time yet to play with it.  The main priority we had first with this dough, which I think is a solid product now, was changing around the ratio.  We needed to work with a fucked up dough for a few weeks, simply because a prexisting business was purchased.  We couldn't change the dough from day 1...

I've never seen dough pinned or weighted.  What do you use for to do that? 




 We already have a similar product. 




 We tried pie toppings.  Unfortunately the dough rises to much for the clam shells.  We also don't have a fryer (the one piece of missing equipment in the kitchen) and make 11 different kinds of packaged pastries.  I don't think we have the shelf space to add another.  All of them also sell fairly well, but maybe I should look at sales and replace one?

Also, I've never tried to cut pastry dough by hand, like you would donut to make fritters.  Does it work the same?  Fuck up the dough?  Apple fritters are fuckton pain in the ass to make by hand, if in batch.  I'd imagine this would be the same? 




 Grill pan. 




 Hydrate.  Keep your blood sugar in check.  Stay away from white drugs.   




 Hit up Johnny's.

http://johnnyspoboys.com/ 




 If you want to come out here and see "the magic of SF," you need to come at a different time of year.  Late summer when the markets are happening.  There are an additional 60K people coming and going week in and week out for a couple of months.  If you're into that kind of stuff, this is an awesome place to be.  

However, since I speak the basic facts about the area, people tend to think I'm negative about it here.  Truth be told, I love it to a certain extent.  And I can't wait to move.  But if people ask for advice about moving here, unless you fall into a very specific category (read rich and white), the general attitude of those that have moved here is stay the fuck out.  Which is really sad, cause we all WANT it to be the magical place people talk about.  It just ceased being that about 20 years ago :( 




 Meh?  The girlfriend is a veggie.  So more for me! 




 There is no night life here.  One club that opened up about 6 months back.  One gay bar that has been open and closed off and on for the last 3 years.  A couple of casinos 1/2 hour outside of town have dance floors and bars.

Museums, there are a lot of.  However, you can walk through most of them in 30 minutes having seen everything.  The same with the gallery.  You can make an afternoon looking at the dated southwestern art in the gallery lined Canyon Road, but many find it lacking and way over priced.

Outdoors right now is meh.  It is beautiful here, the only redeeming factor of SF is access to the outdoors.  Cold and wet, some snow in the hills.  If you want to ski, head to Angel Fire.  Or Wolf Creek up in CO.  Sadly, Ski Hill Santa Fe is a terrible place to waste a vacation if you can go elsewhere.   




 Most of the area is safe to stay in.  Anywhere downtown is fine for the most part.  If you get to the south end of town or on Cerrillos, it can be a little sketch when it comes to hotels.

There is not much here to do.  This town is geared towards 55+ blue haired old ladies and uppity yoga people.  If you make  weekend of this town, you'll not want to move here if you want any of the basics you'll find in the city.  Other than the cost.  This place is expensive as fuck to visit and more so to live in.  Also, this town basically shuts down around 9pm.

Santa Fe is worth checking out, but if you are driving here from a ways away, I would suggest you hitting some other places in the area too.  Taos, Red River, and Angel Fire are all resort towns with kick ass skiing right now. 









 A good area to stay in is one that is far away from Santa Fe.  Seriously.   




 Grilled Sourdough

Hot Italian Sausage, parsley, parm, scallion, and cured wax pepper "salad" with browned Pecorino crust

Roasted heirloom tomato with caramelized mozzarella 









 Usually somewhere between 1/4" and 3/8".  1/2" is just too much! 




 Lollers!  Fuck your owner man, that is complete bullshit and illegal as fuck. 




 Check out couchsurfing.com,  I have a few friends in the ABQ area who do such things.  I'd offer, but I'm up in Santa Fe and busy today...

 




 Holy hell.  Such a nice haul for so late in the year.  I guess global warming is good for something... 




 Does it have to be something they will use at work?  That almost seems like a double sided gift, but we all know we love our knives.

Find out what your staff has at home and get them a little gift bag of professional grade tools for their house.  Silpats, half sheet pans and some off set spats.  I'm sure someone would love one of these:

http://www.amazon.com/Cuisinart-DLC-10S-Classic-7-Cup-Processor/dp/B00004S9EM/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8 qid=1418537945 sr=8-2 keywords=cuisinart+processor#

Maybe your pastry chef has never bothered to pick up a Chinois of their own? Custom leather knife rolls?

 




 Hydrate.  Keep your blood sugar in check.  Have an extra back up of everything you normally need to restock.  Don't do knife work on the fly.  And Stop stressing so much.  If you want to do this job, you'll get it down.

You've been there two months with little experience and they are handing you proteins to cook?  Kudos.  Most people need to spend a few months on fryers or salads/desserts before they are given proteins to fuck up and waste.

Don't be afraid to ask for help.  Don't ask for help unless you actually NEED it.  Learn how to ask for help the right way and you'll get it every time you ask.  No BS.  There are ways of doing it.  One of em is to be damn sure that when you do ask, you need it and you need it fucking now.  If you look like you are flailing or a deer in headlights, I will lose respect for you.  If you're calm and calling for it as 6 orders ring in behind 12 pans working, you got it brother.  I got your garlic, don't worry about it.

Talk to your boss.  Explain to him that you want to succeed and you would like to insure you're learning daily how to be more efficient and skillfully productive.  That you're concerned you're not moving along fast enough and ask boss what they think you need to focus on.  It will be appreciated.  And if the boss looks down upon you for coming to them or doesn't help you, GTFO of that kitchen.  It is not worth your time.

The number one thing I wish that all people would do is say "I don't know if I'm up to speed or comfortable."  I would rather train you and work beside you or shift people around on stations, than deal with fallout from stupid fuck ups that are preventable. 




 Calabrese

Brined and smoked pork loin

Sopressata

Parm

Pecorino Romano

Heirloom tomatoes, butter lettuce, parsley, scallions

Mama's Special Sauce

Hoagie 









 Honestly man, you're in for a shit show for a while if you do this.  I mean, nepotism isn't looked highly upon in the first place, but when it is someone with NO practical or relevant experience in a kitchen, it will be worse.

If you do take it, ask the best (notice I didn't say the one you like the most) individual in the kitchen to hold your hand and offer them a raise.  From there, you need to spend an additional 50% of your weekly hours in study.  So if you're doing 60 hour shop weeks, you really need to be doing 90 with food or business related.

Here's the deal though. You don't know how to cook.  Don't touch the fucking menu. 




 Meat and vegetables  ;) 









 Yeah.  I'm making another plate of that right now.  I hate myself sometimes, but it was just so damn good. 









 This is the run.  There is another way south from what I've been told, but I'm not a boater.  I just come along for the float... 




 There are also some easy floats on the Rio.  You just need to know where to put in and take out... 




 Yes. 




 Fuck me, that is what I meant.  Sausage Shop.  
 




 Yeah, I'm bummed I found it this last trip around.  I've been out that way a few times in the last year and have been looking for some killer snacks.  I would like to think of myself as somewhat of an authority on sandwiches (below is a link to my from scratch work) and this place is legit.  

Best part IMO?  No seats and standing room for 10, maybe.  As far as my tab?  Meh.  Too much to read on the wall.  I told the lady to give me 2 awesome sandwiches, 3 good size chunks of salumi, and a half dozen of them jerky sticks.  $33.  For fucks sake, I'm coming back.

http://imgur.com/a/BYZRe 




 I'm sorry.  It makes me cringe for the folks making what they know to be a substandard product.  It would be in greater favor of the shop if they simply provided something for customers that was meant to go.  Like a simple non-bake budino in pre portioned to-go ramekins?  A couple of sauce/toppings in 1oz to go's and they walk out the window in a plastic bag in 30 seconds.  Saves time and the customer gets their pudding. 




 WTF?  Ya'll serve creme brulee to go?  Why would you sell a substandard product that gives people room to bitch? 




 It is pretentious and egotistical to think that a private place of business should cater to your specific needs.  Plain and simple.  So fuck those people who demand it or think it is ok.  It is a choice of the business to do so.  It is unfortunate that people think you have to suck everybody's dick that comes through the door for the dollars they MIGHT spend.

With that said.  I build menus that are inclusive of such people.  Which is what I encourage others to do.  Beat them at their own game and provide them specifically with a product.  And let them know - that's it bitches.  That's all you get.  If you don't like it, I don't know what to tell you.  But there are no mods, aside from very simple and basic ones, that happen to my menu.  

However, anything that I put on a menu that was that specific would be so fucking spot on that other people would order it.  That is how you deal with it.  There are so many other things to be concerned about and yet every fucking week people are bringing this shit up.  Get educated, do something about it, and grow some balls.  Tell people what they can and can't have if they come in with limitations.  Just make sure that what you give them isn't bullshit. 




 My complaint is not about customers at all.  It's about those here and others in the industry not being educated enough to call people out on their shit.  My complaint is also about all of those in the industry who don't have the balls to tell these fucktards NO.  You DON'T HAVE to cater to them.  You don't have to be a dick to them, you can be nice.  But when you or others encourage their behavior, it makes ALL of our jobs harder. 




 I was just thinking the same thing.  I live in a town full of uppity rich white yoga bitches that would eat that shit up and then talk to their friends about how such a good deal it was... 




 Once I can stop from having to correct idiots who open their mouths on subjects they know nothing about or spread misinformation on, I will.  Until then, absolutely not.  I might be a loud asshole, but I'm also right. 




 The point is the assumption is that you are born with it.  It is developed.  Anyone who actually has Celiacs knows this.  People who want to talk about Celiacs (which is EVERYONE in this sub) should know this.  Sadly though, people talk with authority on the subject and can't even bother to find out yesterday's news without opening their mouth. 




 Ok.  The posting read to me that you're working for a shop and looking to host.  I guess I read into that, but it isn't completely clear that you are a 3rd party all around.

So are you trying to facilitate a job fair?  It sort of sounds that way and honestly, somewhat of a decent idea.  But what would be the end all goal?  If an event is free, usually the customer is the product... 




 I copied the link wrong.  And no. 




 Ok, fair enough.  Somewhat.  There is a big difference between knowing a lot of people who have a genetic condition and knowing a single family whos legacy includes one.  Your statement is misleading.

It is also a inherited trait which is triggered.  In many cases (I'm not saying all or in your friends) parents who actually do have Celiac's automatically treat their children as if they do and will tell them that they do without a diagnosis.  Simply to either help prevent a trigger from happening because they know that the gene is passed, or to make their own life easier.  There is scientific data to back up the last statement as well.  If you would like to understand Celiac's more, check out this snippet from U Chicago.

http://www.uchospitals.edu/pdf/uch_007936.pdf 




 Ta-Lin has canned Italian winter truffles in water.  It's a decent product, but spendy.  Last I saw was about $25 for 5oz drained weight.  Or something like that.  Also check out the Shamrock restaurant supply warehouse.  They usually keep a very similar product on their shelves as well. 




