





























 Given our societies and living conditions are constantly changing, I don't think our on-Earth problems will ever be 'solved'. Plus things don't have to be dealt with one at a time 


































 His appointment on such a board should be illegal. It's like making a massive racist the minister for equality (UK position - please insert local equivalent!) 




 There's been a lot of negativity about this technology, but at the end of the day it has got to be being built, which is a lot more than can be said for a lot of environmentally friendly tech. It will be really interesting to see how it works in reality.  




 I believe [this is the article](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-11-04/scientists-reverse-ageing-process-in-mice/5865714) you were looking for - you're correct about it being the muscles:

"We've discovered genes that control how the body fights against ageing and these genes, if you turn them on just the right way, they can have very powerful effects, even reversing ageing - at least in mice so far," he said. "We fed them a molecule that's called NMN and this reversed ageing completely within just a week of treatment in the muscle, and now we're looking to reverse all aspects of ageing if possible."
 




 I'm afraid I'm not the creator - I just thought this was a cool project. You make a solid point though. 




 Customers pay to have a Cloud Heat fire-proof cabinet installed in their homes or offices (the cost is comparable to installing a standard heating system). Then Cloud Heat pays for the electricity and Internet service the cabinet needs and the owner gets to enjoy free heat and hot water.

Not a bad deal 


































 A BSc in History actually sounds like an awesome course - I'm imagining modules on 16th century theories that have long been disproved.  




 Once 3D metal printing gets good/cheap enough, maybe a metal version will be doable, which i assume would be stronger 




 I'm not sure if its about fat so much as about hand size - people that work with their hands and so have a lot of callouses etc seem to have more trouble. My Dad is a good example - he works with his hands a lot so his fingers are far too big to use a smartphone properly, but he isn't particularly fat.  








































































































 This type of approach to tackling insect-borne diseases is pretty exciting - I hope it proves successful 




 I agree with this - a party would alienate the movement from other potentially sympathetic parties in a way that a lobby would not. 


































 Aren't these technically wave turbines not wind turbines? 




 You might be able to adapt [solar tube technology](http://www.solatube.co.uk/) to solve this problem 









 Mine is February 28. I am now utterly curious about what would have happened if last year was a leap year and I'd signed up one day later. Would I have one cake day every 4 years? 
























 Wouldn't this be exceptionally expensive to implement? 




 That is an excellent point 


































 That's hard to say, because it is the decision of each publisher if they want to port it. If it becomes as popular as Zuckerberg wants it to be, though, I'm sure plenty of publishers will embrace the format 









 sorry i think i must be having an idiot day, will delete now 



















 If you watch TV in the UK you have to pay for a TV licence, which funds the BBC. So its like HBO except you have to get it.  




 You had me at "IQ of a toothbrush" 
























 Or write headlines that make the author sound sane 



















 What kind of thing does one need to do to get a ban on Facebook? I've never heard of that happening before 












































 Ah I see! Thanks for the explanation. 

I thought the research in this article was interesting because of the potential for average joes - they often get the short straw on this sub! 




 I cannot upvote this enough. Time and time again people on this sub have declared a technology developed outside the US will never work, often because of a legal or infrastructure issue that is only a problem in the US. It's close-minded madness.  




 Yes! Once in a blue moon I encounter a company that does this and they are gods in my eyes. 

It's weirdly more common to find them in alphabetical order, including an array of countries that are clearly never going to be needed, such as the Democratic People's Republic of Korea. 









 This has gone completely over my head. Would you mind explaining, please? 





































































 I quite agree, although he was not the first and he won't be the last to put forward that idea 




 I can understand your concern, but if he fired you for requesting hot water you could take him to court for unfair dismissal. At least mention it to your colleagues so they are aware too!  




 People who do this fill me with a quiet fury 












































 What kind of thing should they be trying instead? 




 [This website](https://plentific.com/buying-process/) may also be worth reading - its a very thorough guide to buying a house in the UK that should provide some useful info 

















































 Is this aimed at me or the writer? I usually try and stick with the actual headline of the article unless its really vague 




