 Most of those shoes aren't mine. Haha! But I see your point! 




 They're almost impossible to see now. 




 Most of those shoes aren't mine. haha!  




 I usually have to tell them who I am.  




 That's not a very nice thing to say. I was in the middle of a terrible hormonal imbalance that sent my estrogen levels through the roof. So yeah, I look more feminine there, but it's not natural. 




 Keep it up! Trust me, it sucks at first but you can only get better if you try. I enjoy running about 90% of the time now. Haha! 




 He sleeps in the bed with me now. Haha! I was keeping him in my studio for a while so my pups wouldn't get him. 




 The stretch marks that appeared on my belly. ugh. 




 It was from switching birth controls. My body had to adjust to it. Thanks! 




 I don't have any loose skin, thank goodness, but the stretch marks are still there. They are almost impossible to see though. I have to be in certain lighting and stretch my skin a certain way for them to be visible. I used red light therapy, and tretinoin cream to help make them less noticeable. 




 That's cool. I feel pretty badass. Thanks! 




 THANKS!!! :D 




 Exactly. 




 It was cardio cardio and more cardio. Those two places were my biggest issues too and I just had to keep running. I'm still working on them too. There's no way to just single out one section of your body to get rid of fat in that one area. It takes a lot of hard work and patience. Thanks! :D 




 Facebook started to get really creepy. I was getting messages from all these guys that I went to high school with...I had to block them. There comes a point when you pass compliments into creepy inappropriate comments.  




 uh...yes? 




 Thank you so much! :D 




 Not really. I'm not really into shoes that much, I have two pars of sneakers, two pairs of sandals, and a pair of chucks. 




 About 90% of women are fucking mean to my face now. Men are usually really nice and kids love me. I get glared at a lot now, and I've been called a skinny bitch for no reason other than existing. I think I'm a typically nice person and It's really weird being treated so different for taking care of myself now. 




 I did keto for over a year. I'm sorta a carb nazi now because of it, but I don't go out of my way to avoid them...usually. Yesterday, I went to a cook out and I had some corn chips but I didn't have a bun on my hotdog. So I just know what I'm eating now and I'm really careful with everything. haha! Thanks! 




