














 Too soon. 




 I loved Hurt Locker - or maybe hated (in a good way) it because it was quite intense. 




 I've heard this a lot of times about the movie. I haven't seen it, so I guess when I do, I won't expect anything. 




 I totally agree with you. Not to say I didn't enjoy watching it, but it was overhyped. 







































 Did you say, "GTFO"? 




 The first thing that came to mind! Damn, their copywriter/s must have issues. 



















 Exactly. He knows what to do with his players. He knows how to pick his players. And as much as I think Timmy is the best, I think Pop could have done the same with other players with similar skill sets/attitude. 





























 Thanks, guys. I think the resetting, etc. will work.  




 It used to work before with the same number, so I guess they had done that. It just started happening recently; maybe in the last 3 weeks or so. 




 Well said. Just enjoy the ride and stop nitpicking, right? 




 This is cool- didn't know it before. Resetting now! 




 For some contacts, when I send iMessages, I see the 'delivered' status but they don't go through the phone; only on their laptop. When they send me a message it goes through, though. Anyone else has this issue? A fix? 




 I never liked Kobe either, but yeah, can't ignore his talent. And he's grown up quite a bit, too. 









 Who wantsmore smoreos? 




 How so? 



















 Keep it man. One of these days, you will need to listen to the song and regret having deleted it.  




 Props, not only for doing the right thing but for going the extra mile(s)! 




 Not even a shadow of a thought.  














 My heart goes out to you and your family. It's been only 2 months since my mom passed away after a year of a horrible battle with gastric cancer. I may not be able to help with getting in touch with the Spurs, but know you're not alone.

Good luck. 




 Le sigh.  









 Now that you put it that way, the idea actually sounds good. Probably the hype that turned me off. 














 Why not? Unless they're total idiots, which I doubt they are, the inventors would have designed the charger to be as safe as a lighter - at the very least. 




 Ditto! Btw, my first MacBook was a refurbished white one, too. Fell in love. Never looked back. (P.S. It's still working today, many MacBooks later.) 




 sad with an m; works I guess 









 I've always liked the bathing and motivation comparison. 














 I've always found the Haka to be fascinating, but this... 




 I was going to ask if there were number assignments, but come to think of it, I wouldn't want to play with the dice regularly - they're too good to get worn out. Awesome stuff! 




 LOL. First thing that came to mind! 




 That works, too. 














 "they just don't give a cent about environment"
In some cases, yes. Lack of education. Lack of awareness. 




 The gov't is corrupt. Period. And, yes, this won't be fixed for a long time. Maybe not even in the next few generations. 




 Unfortunately, very much a reality in parts of the metro. 









 You've won. 









 I'm with you. I was just talking about this with my friend, and while I do love the aluminum look, there's something about black. 









 That is wonderful! Did you feel the feels? ;) 









 Need one of those! 









 That really does suck!! 




 Yeah, now that you guys mention it, why do I need a certain age. I was just on a Michael Jackson binge the past few days, and I was thinking whether it's okay to play his music to my 2- and 4-year-old nephews now. 




