 Gargoyle bike is tight
 




 I've been caught breaking the law (minor stuff like weed in public) three times now and every single time the cops let me off with a friendly warning. Always polite, never intimidating. I love Alberta cops.
 




 /r/marijuanaenthusiasts 




 I recently read how as far back as Ancient Greece, philosophers have had theories about how reality as we know it could be an illusion, sort of like in The Matrix. How far back does this concept go and what caused humans to initially become skeptical of the world around us without any proof?
 




 Cable management needs work
  




 goddamn that's exactly what I thought it was gonna be lol
 




 Yooo I want one
 




 Indeed, for me cyberpunk is more of an aesthetic than it is about the actual advances in technology! Until we get into cyborg territory that is. That shit is quintessentially cyberpunk.  




 A short by Dylan J Nathan. 














 All great :)
 




 I fucking love my boosts! Enjoy mate
 




 Havel's Helmet
Silver Knight Armour
Shadow Gauntlets
Shadow Leggings

Black Knight Sword
Black Iron Great Shield  









 na dude particle board is super weak it was like an IKEA desk. 




 ah that sounds little too exploit-y, I just want some extra time to heal goddamn
  




 was it no bonfire?
 




 never the actual controller, but I had a particle board desk at one time until I "accidentally" put a few holes in it with the butt end of an xbox controller.
 




 yeah I fail at parrying and I'm stuck on him right now in NG+++

What's this pillar trick? :P
 




 As a heavy tank build I think Four Kings is probably the easiest boss in the game for me. If you get right up on them their hits only takes out like 1/15th of my health every time 




 I'm stuck on Gwyn right now on NG+++ and for some reason I just can't fucking get parrying down so it comes down to luck and rolling away in time to spam estus after staggering him..
 




 I finally picked up Dark Souls a few months ago and fell in love with it after hearing my coworkers rave about it forever. I'm now on NG+++ and about 150~ hours in. Haven't even gotten to trying multiplayer yet (on Xbox and don't feel like paying for live)

By contrast I picked up Dark Souls 2 SoFS after finishing my first playthrough of 1, played about 10 hours into it and quit. None of the things I loved about Dark Souls made it over to the new iteration. Working at a game store, I have met people who really love DS2 just as much if not more than the original, but I find the overwhelming majority of people say Dark Souls was definitely a more impactful game.
 




 Age of Empires and the school library! I was a nerdy little child. 
 




 name it Zweihander
 




 lol k liam neeson settle down
 




 what a time to be alive
 




 GT was terrible anyway.
Yaay new cannon DBZ!
 




 But what does it mean?
 




 Hopefully she never ever hears about the club Berghain
 




 I thought it was gonna be a Matt Damon/ Capra Demon mashup. Awesome work though!
 




 Sibyl is located in 101
 




 Finally getting to Bigtits room and acquiring the Lordvessel is by far one of best feelings in the game.
 




 Yeah it's waay harder to kill Smough first! Every time after my first play-through  i've attempted to kill him first because I want Ornsteins set (NG+++ now) but every time I end up giving up and killing Ornstein first because I just want the damn lord vessel already. 




 Alright so I'm mostly a house and techno guy but come on who the fuck doesn't like hip hop?

Anyways i've been wanting to round out my rap collection as of late and my question to this sub is what are some of the must-knows of the digital rap world? What are the best places to keep up on both news and releases? 

I love to digitally crate dig and find new music; I know iTunes is usually the go-to place to actually buy the music but sometimes I prefer the more curated sites, ones usually run by the real heads in the scene. Any advice would be much appreciated.  




 omg I love this sub
 




 What he said ^
 




 Tough choice, both nice boards. I also kind of want a wasd with a little less loud switches haha. 




 ^ me on an alt
 




 lol ya
forgot to crop it out
 




 No I don't think so, Gold serpent ring would help though.
Sometimes I play a game where I take a hit every time I die... almost passed out trying to beat S O
 









 lol I still use BKS+5 as my daily driver 3 playthroughs in. I'm a str build tho so it scales well, out-damages all of the boss soul weapons save for Artorias great sword I think, which i'll never have enough int to use anyway :(

Ps love the username haha, Dank souls is the shit
 




 "Neither campus authorities nor police believed her. Combined with the fact that she is broadcasting her rape to the media, granting interviews to anyone who will ask (heres a video interview with Time), and using it to get an easy A grade on her thesis, its safe to conclude that we are looking at a false rape accusation by a mentally unstable woman. There is absolutely no doubt in my mind that this girl was not truly raped, and instead was sour about being pumped and dumped after giving up her anus to a guy she had the tingles for." 




 LPT: If you're going to comment on a story at least read it first.
 




 I hope that mattress causes her to lose her balance on a very tall staircase...
 




 lol yeah I killed them in my first play through but now I always just nope past em to the shortcut
 




 hell even the regular hollows are dangerous with their berserk move. And don't get me started on the skeleton hounds in NG++... fucking 1 shots even with tank build and fully upgraded giant armour  




 lol 




  I agree he's probably one of the easiest high level boss fights, next to pinwheel..
 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GoDaBmi06S4 




 Gameplay wise, Four Kings because you just have to go all in and it's a rush falling into the abyss for the first time not knowing wtf is going on. But Nito is definitely my fave. So badass plus finally getting to warp out of the Tomb of the Giants after finishing him is a great feeling.  




 media =/= real life
 




 TIL there are elitist South Park fans. Insecure people can be pretentious about anything I guess..
 




 I think you take yourself a bit too seriously m8
 




 Half the episodes are based on current events and pop culture. The quality is and forever has been hit or miss. Some episodes are brilliant others are just filler. I'm just saying as long as they keep poking fun at current events the show can never become irrelevant. 
 




 I feel pretty much the opposite way.. like it can never really get stale unless society stops doing dumb shit that can be made fun of. Which will be never.
 




 What if I told you it doesn't matter in the slightest. Like literally not at all.  




 nice, for a second I thought I was in /r/synthesizers
 




 I totally needed this at 4 am....not. haha

but seriously that's some fucked up food for thought. 
 




 As far as I could tell the robot was actually designed to intentionally purchase illicit items from the deep web as part of an art project/experiment. All the items, including ecstasy, a fake passport and a ballcap with a hidden pov camera were confiscated at the end of the project, in accordance with the plan.
 




 Check out some fashion designs by companies like Aitor Throup, Musee Noir, Rick Owens. They're expensive as fuck but should serve as good inspiration. 

These are a couple of my faves (some are jackets but they're still hooded)
Aitor Throup
http://imgur.com/IjhNouU
http://imgur.com/zPgeWos
http://imgur.com/tFdAgrr
Musee Noir
http://imgur.com/N0Vhceq
http://imgur.com/G6jobC4
Rick Owens
http://imgur.com/MvbOBj5

Edit* Forgot Acronym... they're pretty dope too 




 yeah so that it can be used as a dual display with no overlap. Some of the newer monitors have it
 




 I never noticed it before but :9 looks like a weird smiley with it's tongue out. Also nice monitor! Is it one of those ones you can partition?
 




