 So, you are a Sun denier? 




 zzz... 




 Coulter lists all the reasons why she says soccer is not a real sport. Among them: "Individual achievement is not a big factor."

"The blame is dispersed and almost no one scores anyway," Coulter writes. "There are no heroes, no losers, no accountability, and no child's fragile self-esteem is bruised. There's a reason perpetually alarmed women are called 'soccer moms,' not 'football moms.'"

Another: It's boring, she claims.

"If Michael Jackson had treated his chronic insomnia with a tape of Argentina vs. Brazil instead of Propofol, he'd still be alive, although bored," Coulter quips.

It's not violent enough for Coulter.

"The prospect of either personal humiliation or major injury is required to count as a sport," she writes. "Most sports are sublimated warfare."

In American football, she writes, "ambulances carry off the wounded. After a soccer game, every player gets a ribbon and a juice box."

And despite the stellar ratings that Sunday's USA-Portugal game received in the United States (18.2 million viewers, according to ESPN), Coulter doesn't believe the sport is actually catching on here.

"The same people trying to push soccer on Americans are the ones demanding that we love HBO's 'Girls,' light-rail, Beyonc and Hillary Clinton," she writes. "The number of New York Times articles claiming soccer is 'catching on' is exceeded only by the ones pretending women's basketball is fascinating."

Coulter claims she's not the only one bored by soccer in the States. "One group of sports fans with whom soccer is not 'catching on' at all, is African-Americans," Coulter writes. "They remain distinctly unimpressed by the fact that the French like it.

"If more 'Americans' are watching soccer today, it's only because of the demographic switch effected by Teddy Kennedy's 1965 immigration law," Coulter adds. "I promise you: No American whose great-grandfather was born here is watching soccer. One can only hope that, in addition to learning English, these new Americans will drop their soccer fetish with time."
 




 Trump/Christie 2016

*Listen Motherfuckers, Shut up and Sit Down!* 




