









 Latin American countries are culturally similar to the U.S.? Have you visited either place...?

Also, you've completely forgotten how many asian immigrants we take in on the West Coast.

Stop making uneducated excuses for your ill-informed xenophobia. 




 Why do you hate me, /u/PrettyIceCube?  

















































 I'm very much surprised there hasn't been a shoutout to /r/forearmporn 




 Well, there've also been actual cuts to higher ed. In my state, the portion of tuition that was covered by the state has flipped from 66% to 33% in a few years. Meanwhile, we have more students and therefore a need for more bureaucracy.

We can settle for less and argue all we want about who gets the scraps, but the fact is we *need* to raise state funding generally. Both admin and faculty need to get paid, not one or the other. 




 I'm reading "The First World War and the International Power System" by Paul Kennedy, and he uses several tables and a short paragraph to summarize some of the basic causes of Italy's shitty performance during WWI; its industrial incapability, it's lack of economic power, etc. I'm wondering why Italy was so industrially incompetent and economically weak in the first place, despite having the historical power of the Vatican and having famous traders and explorers, and having such strong allies? Also why it militarily did not perform very well, but that's probably related to the answer to the question above. 




 Wouldn't it be UPS? Brown shirt and all... 














 I'll just bet it has something to do with those meddling British and their dumb Navy, but I really have to clue! 






















































 I don't understand why this reply from an expert is not being upvoted more than Dr. Amateur up there. 
































































 And marvel underwear!! Wonder who's on them ;) 




 What if I told you...it doesn't matter? 




 *Another* Jobs biopic? Ugh...

But yes to Michael. 




 Reddit is: totally avoiding the point for the sake of feeling important by correcting technicalities. 




 The basic premise that you're communicating is something I agree with, but you could maybe not be an asshole about it. 




 You just ran a half marathon on a whim?? 




 Well I mean yeah, but certainly the cunts over at /r/worldnews can be a bit cuntier than most, let's not throw ourselves all in their boat.

Edit: although I did use the word "cunt" twice in that sentence, so...maybe I do kind of suck. 




 So did you enjoy it? I haven't read it yet. 




 HEY EVERYBODY!! THIS GUY'S GIVING OUT FREE KARMA FOR ZOOLANDER REFERENCES!! 




 Eh, from time to time Disney does some fucked up shit. 




