 I wish my D D group had females :( 




 [relevant](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=4m2WutlqBk0#t=56s) 




 was? 




 Ultimate Spider-Man is my favorite too. The game-play and music were good and it felt awesome playing as Venom. I was a huge fan of the comics, but I haven't read them since Ultimatum. 




 Boy Meets World? 

Here's an episode where they go inside the girls bathroom and the walls are pink, and there is a couch. http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=kudFmxVoLFU#t=328s 




 independent contractors too 









 Omg. I've been searching for the name of this game for nearly 9 years. Thank you. 




 I actually started playing it again this weekend, and it still plays good :) 




 I haven't heard about this. But I doubt it. 




 Who knows, in the future it might see the light of day. Personally, I hope after GTAV they start working on Bully 2, if one of their studios hasn't started yet.

Edit: Sorry for the redundant title in the second sentence. I copy and pasted.  









 I'm replaying The Warriors. It's still awesome. I wish Rockstar did make that spiritual sequel I heard about. 




 "you're tearin' me apart!" 




 Play the game Bully, by Rockstar. I always feel better after beating up some punk kids. 




 I'm going to say Drawing too. I can write stories, but I think it would be better to tell them with visuals, like a comic. 




 You would think since the brain is more developed it would be easier. But is it easier to learn your first language as a kid because your brain is still developing? 









 oh i just noticed that 




 I've done this too many times.... 









 I like Abrams, but Star Trek and Star Wars are one thing, 2001 is another. 




 The thing. I love Big Trouble in Little China, the same goes for Kurt Russell and John Carpenter, but i think it's meh. 









 Without Kubrick.... I'm sorry, Meow_Goes_The_Kitten. I'm afraid I can't let you do that.  




 For me its kids who die driving drunk or texting while driving. I just cant feel sorry for people who do stupid stuff like that.  









 You have some pretty good points. 




 I always do this, and It keeps reminding me of Taxi Driver. 









 Really? 




 Come on man, we have to survive! 




 ? 




 Oh that's one too many, I'm sorry but you got to cut one loose. Unless you want to go.... 




 Family, friends, celebrities, whoever. 




