









 My question is why do all of these people who make these remarks are GOP? 



























































 I am worried that one day that I am going to have move away from Southern California because of the massive drought that we have.  It seems that there needs to be mass migration to the North as the West drys up, the North will become habitable.  Unless we want to pay $10.00 for gasoline and ride the OCTA/Metro everywhere, I just feel real cynical that things are going to change because there is not the will to change things even this is a clearly obvious threat but nobody wants to do the self-sacrificing to change things. 



























































 What is up with Missouri's death penalty fetish right now? 











































































































































 There should be not tax cuts.  Not all. Do these guys have any idea about fiscal sanity.  Not even Greece cuts taxes when they told to engage in austerity.  

The GOP practices one part of austerity but it does not engage in the second part of austerity which is tax hikes so the state has a balanced budget. 



















 AI that mimic human expression and emption. 











































































































































 That is consider unreasonable sentence.  Should be limited to forty years. 






















































 He is stupid. 






























































































































































































































































 She is annoying. 




 good song. 




 The real problem with Nuclear power is cost control.  It is insanely expensive to build/maintain those facilities.  The other problem is the threat of nuclear leaks and the high cost of maintaince. 




 I do support twenty week abortion bans as well as long as access to abortion clinics are not limited. 




 For me, I am very conservative on the issue of pension reforms within the state governments.  I think it takes away money from social programs insteat goes to state employees. 

The second issue is the death penalty. I strongly support the death penalty, but I have a very nuanced view on it and I do support its abolition in a lot of cases, 




 I would love to run/work a doggy day care. I love dogs so much 




 Go to Succeedsocially.com and read all of the article.  Find a Meetup that meets your interests. 




 Primus. 




 The video takes place in Wichita Falls, TX 




 Mississippi. Even Alabama is better than that state. 




 This shows that Target management at that store has extremely poor business ethics.  This could be a textbook case in an organizational management case in what not to do when you fire somebody. 




 I wish that I knew about this earlier.  I will definitely do this next year. 




 Nice! 




 McDonalds does. 




 This guy is a thug pure and simple.  




 Hopefully, the DA jails them for life. 




 He looks a little bit serious in them. 




 He looks so happy. 




 Yeah, somebody had a little too much drink.  Of course, that was me in my drinking days. I always left puke where I was. 




 That was a cute picture, but you might need to improve the lighting on the picture. It was too dark to see him. 




 Good old beer is treat for a lot of people. How about a nice IPA or blond ale? That what would I have if I still drink. (I have been clean for 21 months) 




 LOL 




 Booze can create a whole subset of other problems.  




 Exercise is a huge method that I use to reduce stress.  It clears my mind and helps me deal with stress.   




 It is totally wrong because it does not respect the sexuality of the individual.  However, my main concerns that the person might have addictive tendencies that could result in codependency, lack of self-esteem, or other issues.  

Name calling somebody does not solve the person's problem.  It is talking and listening to the person's problem that would solve the problem.   




 Brush my teeth for two minutes. 




 As long as my daughter is not engaged in porn producers that are committed to respecting the sexuality of daughter and do not put her in situations where she could be sexually assaulted, I would have no problems with it. 




 By pointing out the people that God does not exist. 




 The day that I got my second arrest. 




 Why would somebody to pay to stay in jail in LA?  In OC, it makes sense because they make do some time in the county jail, but in LA, it just not make sense.   




 I stayed in one. It was $100 a day in the OC jail for 13 days. One of the guys that I locked up was serving a four year sentence for DUI manslaughter. (4 years @ 50% = 2 years time served).  That is $73000 to stay in the jail.  I have no idea where he got the money to pay for it. 




 Personally, I do not care when I post. But I considered to be a serial poster because I post mainly local news stories and articles that I come upon interesting when I do my web surf.  In my opinion, there is no "correct" time to post. 




 Pulp Fiction. 




 Ted Cruz. 




 It is a lot of easier when you are in AA and it is way of life. For me, I have 21 months coming on 24 months and it is the most important thing in my life right now.  




 Really fun movie.   




 It is probably all of the companies laying off season staff. Not a big deal. 




 Does these people even care about the public good.  People are going to start to hit the streets and have massive demonstrations weekly to deal with these guys.  

Movement politics is only way to deal with things. Hit the streets week and week out until the voting public gets the message to throw out these guys. 




 1. Iran's nuclear threat is greatly overstated by the Republicans.
2. Iran has a terrible, terrible record of human rights

The real issue with Iran is its human rights record (which we in the US really cannot lecture Iran until we take of own issues).  Further sanctions should be based on human rights issues and not tied to greatly exaggerated nuclear threat.  




 The GOP does not answer the solutions to those problems because they have zero desire to raise taxes to cut the national debt. 




 There is also the path that is along the Santa Ana River which I also run frequently. 




 If you do not mind driving to Santa Ana, Santa Ana College also has a track. 




 Fullerton College has a track, I think. 




 He is awesome. 




 Bad idea. Bad idea. Pure! 




 Too shy and do not have a stable full-time job. 




