 Mr. Rogers after a terrible fire.  




 That's the woman from MADtv  




 I concur.    




 Everyone starts doing arm stretches?  




 Fin 




 SMODCAST 




 SMODCAST 




 I would paint black circles everywhere.   




 Start a business where you clean Gold/diamond jewelry carpets and area rugs.    Or whatever places cut and mold and stuff.    I'm sure after awhile you could cash in the goods.   
Fuck 

 




 Your priceless picture poops will be on the bottom of the totem pole of weird pics via snapchat.   Believe me 




 As a child, my friends mom passed away and I said you're only one parent away from being like batman.   

He loved batman 

Edit: past - passed.  
I'm sorry  




 And so did the other 400 top comments.    




 Cuz u a fkn bot!   Thanks Obama 
Thanks Obama 
Thanks Obama 
 




 Holy fuck that was fast.   




 Thanks Obama 
 




 Thanks Obama  




 Holy fuck my gf n her mom thought I just discovered a cure for cancer when I yelled to them to come into the kitchen  




 Where's my nigga snoop?   

SN DOUBLE O P  




 Hey!   Smile!  




 No problemo

-John Connor 




 that power strip looks safe under that flammable tree  




 Once with a couple of hungry friends the waitress came back to ask how the food was and my buddy just finished his meal.    This is how she asked.    

"Soo how-oly shit you're done."  

He just laughed.    




 Santa Claws 




 [I made this](http://imgur.com/4iBz7eb) 




 I'm in the same boat but it's Xmas n my gf.   She keeps telling me she wants nothing.  It's hard because whenever she makes a hint at something she goes out and buys it.   




 What's even funnier is that last pic of Jonah is actually taken right after a frightful scare of drowning.     









 State bird motha fuckas!   Duluth :) 




 Oh you mean the scene in Foot Loose with Kevin Bacon, right?  




 :)  




 We were talking at work and an employee bought the same shoes as another.   Which got us started on if you wanted to be someone else what would you need for their kit.

My co-worker kit included

Wind pants



white monster can


backwards black cap


1 cig


ugly glasses

 









 Drew, What happened to that pool table that sat outside? 




 In the next two iPhones I bet this will be a feature with the screen.   
$20 on it  




 It's just to much labor now to rob a gas station or an atm.    Cameras are at every block and everyone has a camera on them now.   It's not worth it for the work and time (potentially even more time) on planning now for small advances.    




 It was probably laundry day, so he wore that shirt. 

I'm sure he regrets it.   




  Favres right,  it's actually fuckin awesome.  




 Always learning something here on this internet.  




 No, I'm with you on that.   He's just going to need some extra honey on their honeymoon.   




 TOM do you still skate?! 




 Seriously tho why wouldn't they use a jet motor?  Why propeller?   




 Ya all I got was Michael J Fox.  




 Has anyone started drinking already? 




 [Another](http://imgur.com/MxYTEG7) 




 Sure is hot in these here pinatas 




 That is one over weight wiener! 




 whatever buddy 









 I always had a problem smirking or smiling when getting scolded at a younger age.   Now when my boss yells at me I have to bite my slip not to smile.   
It probably looks worse this way.   
[maybe mixed signals](http://data2.whicdn.com/images/13620750/taylor-lautner-and-lip-biting-gallery_thumb.jpg) 




 Well shit ha 




 Or they have extremely good insurance :) 




 seriously??!! this was just on the front page! There should at least be a one week grace period before things can be reposted! 









 My parents couldn't afford the Razor brand when these first came out so they got me a knockoff brand.    I was riding down a slight decline when I pulled up on the handle bars and they came right off.  
Shattered my wrist.   
Worst 21st bday ever.   




 I thought your mom didn't like Australian's mate? 




 Not yet... 




 damnit 




 It's funny I used to envy my friends household when I was younger.   Wealthier family, cleaner home and a distinct smell.   Now, living on my own trying out different routines. I will come across certain smells, distinct smells, that remind me of my childhood and I forgot what point I was making. Nvm  




  I got a similar  text when I started college in 2008 except I had a cat. And that cat didn't miss me either she was just ratting me out.   

This is what happened:

In my room I had a old TV stand that had about 1/2 of clearing from the carpet to the base.  Well young me used to keep everything under there.   Cigs-Porn-Condoms-Pot and anything else you can think of that a teenage boy would horde from his parents.   9-12th grade I was keeping items under here.

Now I moved away and completely forgot about my hidden stash, since I only lived an hour away my parents kept my room the same, so I would have a place to crash.  

Well about 2 weeks after I moved I guess my cat went into my room and started pawing at everything under the tv stand.   Parents came into the room and saw couple cigs and edge of a mag.  

Got an awesome call that day!


Thanks cat. 




 That's normal, but now call CSI and have them check it for semen to do a DNA test   




 Yes I have. My Aunt lives there.   




 Hey look something that made me laugh in /r/funny.  




 Pretty sure it's a fitted hat.  

SnapBack would be quite bananas to make.   




 Seriously!  Everyone knows that's Minnesota.  




 You can see the fear in his eyes.   




 This Gif is me walking home at bar close.   




 Man if I was evil n had a truck and a couple friends and was pretty strong, I would steal that motor.   




 I'm wearing the exact same thing as nick besides the ring.   Even my sunglasses hanging on the shirt.    
Haha check it. 

. 




 Yes, good memories!  




 Seriously I was getting pissed, I was pretty determined it was a loop towards the end.  




 DNA Bitch! 




 Is that couch comfortable? 




 *bolts upstairs* 




 Has a Pixar feel to it.  I like it.   




 Just watched it couple nights ago.  Classic! 




 no prob,  great movie! 




 codes are a go
 









 Probably clogged, just run a snake pipe cleaner thru it. 




 Jerked him off to death.    




 I should of been more clear on this.   This is for only walk-ins I will do this.  We usually have a full day of schedule appt, but you get a couple walk-ins and most will set up a next day appt.   Some customers are either out of town or just can't get an appt set up.  These are the customer that will do a quick (15-30min) inspection.   Everyone should be charged the min, but I gift the nice patient ones.    

 




 Wasn't there someone who farted for their power
 




 Yes-  I work in an audio shop that does installs of all sorts.   We also troubleshoot a lot of oem products that come standard on most cars, common case is a factory radio.  
People will just swing in and state their problem with the factory tuner.  Mostly it just doesnt work, nothing coming out of the speakers and so forth.  

I hardly charge for this, if we don't find a problem or can't help you in the right direction to solve the issue.   There is some cases tho where I will charge the lowest labor charge I can.   These cases usually involve a customer that is rude either before check-out or during.   Usually goes like this

Me-  "Sir, we went thru the radio checked all connections and fuses.  We couldn't find anything out of the ordinary, but I believe the radio could be shot internally."

Customer- "Well there better not be a charge, if you didn't fix anything.  Now I have to bring it to another shop to waste more of my time."

Me-  "Sir, I will have to charge you the min labor fee for having the car looked at."

*Customer throws a fit*

Now if you don't want to be charged, this is the response I'm looking for

Me- "Sir, we went thru the radio checked all connections and fuses.  We couldn't find anything out of the ordinary, but I believe the radio could be shot internally."


Customer- "That's unfortunate.   Anyway, what do I owe ya?!'

Me- " Oh, nothing but I recommend this [Dealership] or [junkyard] for a factory radio replacement."

 




 Epcot  




 Ya not a monkey, but did you see the hippo bottom right?  




 nah 




 They also sell Hollaster- HOLLA! 




 So...Walkman? 




 use a piece of your hair 




 Hi Olivia! 




 But it does in a toaster! 














 Crap that curtain out of the photo and you got yourself an album cover  




 I too never liked that level on Mario64 




 vist:  metraonline.com   or    bestkits.com    to check what you will need
-Dash kit- Harness - Antenna Adapt-

Next find what you are looking for in a radio.   If you need just CD-USB-AUX - you can find radios for right around or less $100  for example heres a good radio

http://www.crutchfield.com/p_113KDC155U/Kenwood-KDC-155U.html?showAll=N search=kdc_155u skipvs=T

Now for speakers!  
The jeep should have 5.25 all around. 
You are not limited to that size tho.   You can place 5.25 -  6.0 - 6.5 
just needs adapters.

Now, since you have so many options this is where you will have to do some research.   
I deal with JL Audio and RE audio and love both brands, but worked with  a lot of other companies

1. [High End](http://www.crutchfield.com/p_136TR600CX/JL-Audio-TR600-CXi.html?tp=105)

2. [Low End](http://www.crutchfield.com/p_500SPS510/Alpine-SPS-510.html?tp=105)

This should keep you right around the $400 price point without install of course.  

 




 Brock is Ironman? 




 But did you take the first photo? 




 THE FUCK THEY ARE!   









 The otter can also make an alligator play dead.  




 People would be more confident.  




 Stealing alligator souls.   




 I have an opportunity(foot in the door) chance on starting a career as an adjuster and was just wondering if anyone could give me insight on this.

1. How did you fall upon this career path?
2. General Pros and Cons?
3. Is it hard traveling to different locations?
4. How is it working with the general public
5. Any secrets I should know?

Thank you 




 *Today is the day I drive 65 into a tree*.  




 Anyone else the neighbor looking by the edge of the house?  




 Did anyone else notice the guy behind the milk?  




 He doodled out the same sex equality symbol.   




 Or just moved his mouth and not utter a sound.   




 I work at a shop the is a licensed PlastiDip Dealer.  We paint cars and other things.   It's alright 




 Basically what happens when I take an addy  




 You can order this print on Woot.

http://shirt.woot.com/offers/predat-awww 









