 Some subscribers would be nice 




 I was joking...  




 If your mom was here and she heard you tell that joke...  You'd get an ear full for sure 




 Oak Park or Del paso 




 .... Or he have a max signing in place..  There are lot of free agents that we can make bids for.  




 Wait what?  




 Plastic Ono is better 




 Yea...  That's softball.  




 Dirty paws is a very likeable song by most.

 




 I was worried about this...  Weekend fling went to long.  









 Right...?  Doesn't make sense 




 It happens alot 




 BORNS is sick.  It's actually only him.  




 Good job!  




 I almost edited my response.  I think that's what took from the album.  The classic commercializing of the band happened.  They made the sex appeal the lead and raggi sits back when he was just as important.  Watch the hood morning America video that someone posted...  He just looks different. It's sad.  




 That motherfucker 




 This guy teaches us how to cut wood...  Now he teaches us to cut onions! 




 He turned into a lion at the end...  




 That three was it for me...  Dova can fuck my girl  




 Yea im seeing them at city of trees festival.  




 Crystals - mainstream hit. Pleasant yet different. 

Human -  nice lyrics and a little upbeat. 

Hunger -  Same as human.  Definitely a little more of a tune. 

Wolves with teeth -  Honestly I feel this is my favorite song.  A nice different vibe.  Good song to throw off the vibe of the other songs. 

Empire -  great lyrics and nice upbeat tune. 

Slow Life -  I feel most are gonna let this slip through the cracks.  It honestly is a gem of a song.  A little slower but lyrically great

Organs -  probably the next hit.  Lyrically sublime where I feel instrumentality,  the band reached the deepest.  Integration of the cello was just a treat. 

Black water -  kinda takes me back to MHIAA. 

Thousand Eyes -  Slow start up but a great entry into eye of the storm.  Cool drum sequence that actually is pretty intense. 

I of the storm -  My favorite single.  This song is lyrically deep and actually quite similar IMO to crystals. Awesome song. 

We sink - One of the more fun songs on the album. 

In all the album is everything I anticipated.  I saw them Saturday so that made this all the more worth it. I feel like they artistically didn't venture out like I wished but lyrically I feel it was deeper.  The songs are quote repetitive in sound but each demands it's own identity. Another great album by an amazing band.  




 Introduce a little anarchy 




 Dude this bitch is fucking ugly 




 Open some pussy.  Fuck your cake day 




  Fuck your cake day 




 I really honestly love every song.  Wolves without teeth is fun!  Slow life is just as good as any. Thousand eyes is intense and is an amazing build up. Organs is sick as any hit.  Same with humans. 

Only issue is that lot of songs sound repetitive. But that's like being fed cake over and over again. Kind of a good problem to have!  My favorite right now is probably wolves.  




 Fuck your cake day.  




 Shot fired!!  




 Loaded question!  Don't answer!!  




 I'm guessing it's loading 




 If the Chinese put it on there...  I believe there's a fucking reason.  




 Don't tell me what to do with my toggles.  




 Bro...  WTF...  First off,  this reeks scam. 


2nd
.. You live in a world where you can literally put yourself out there.  Fuck this. My rule is if you have to pay to benefit them...  Scam.  




 If she is single...  And anyone here has a chance...  There is no way in hell I'd let any of you get her before I did.  Truth.  




 So yea..  Fuck this guy 




 Let us know what you think!  




 Are you sure you're a condom and not a dick? Because you're supposed to wrap your tool...  Not be a tool..  




 NO SPEAKING FUCKING SPUDNIK AT THE TABLE!  




 Do you know a guy named worm?  




 Really?  I liked the apple showing with Drake.  It was the best they ever had.  




 31 people found it funny.  I brought joy to someone.  Fuck off and find something better to do. Go smoke some swag.  




 :( I hope you find it.  




 You're hella funny...  I'm trolling buddy 




 Thick means a girl who has ass and thighs...  Haven't you ever heard a rap song.  




 Huh 




 White trash mud wrestling... I still don't see a problem. 


BONUS: This is probably the cleanest their hair has ever been. So good it's almost orgasmic. 




 They were supposed to be the 8th lol all good tho 




 It's funny...  By most standards... She's a very basic average girl.  I have heard some say ugly.  


For whatever reason,  I think she is so ridiculously cute.  Her voice and accent just make her adorable.  




 I don't understand what's bad about this video... 

-Both women will be arrested and will better society by being gone.  

-The kid will hopefully be put in a better home and given a chance to succeed. 

-Two less people in line at Walmart.  BONUS: One less fat lazy person stealing a scooter from an elderly person

-visual entertainment during a boring Monday. 

These rednecks should be given an award IMO.  









 Decisions on an international scale in regards to economy right?  UN and NATO handle international affairs regarding war,  etc. Right?  




 What are the repercussion for Putin not being allowed in? 




 [That bitch is thicker than a bowl of oatmeal](http://youtu.be/eusysgjOCIs)  




 It amazes me when us Americans see some thing as simple as this and we are in awe.  First world country with cameras,  electric cars and computer phones yet we use it to film a guy cutting a mango.  




 This is my point.  Also making him more susceptible to physical ailments and injuries 




 I would definitely give admissions a call.  Reddit is not the only source of info.  I would call and find out.  Good luck!  I would put my money on that we will see you in the fall.  




 You must have accepted SIR before due date..  Idk who was advising you in your colleges but I accepted on SIR and eventually rescinded once I chose UCSC.  There is no consequence for accepting SIR and then deciding otherwise other than SIR fee. 

Even if you did accept SIR,  you will not meet their requirements either as all UC and CSU require good standings with institution and [C minimum in all classes attended in spring 2015.](http://admissions.ucsc.edu/apply/conditions-faq.html)  




 I would definitely begin CC application as a precaution. Contract states no D's but you may be able to try and appeal.  Good luck.  




 Idk why these keep getting posted..  Just search for the same question. 


You were already admitted.  They gave you a contract that states as long as you don't get/do "X"  you will be attending in the fall. Your GPA already got you in.  Unless it states anywhere in your contract of a GPA requirement (which to my knowledge it doesnt)  you are fine.

Contract states that you must attain at least C's on your final classes. Sounds like you did that.  




 Khan has a glass chin and is only been used for money purposes for the British population.  Any person who says either stands a chance is foolish.  I'd rather get my bang for my buck and have a HOF fighter who gave him his best run fight rather than a guy who just has popular support.  




 Thank you!  




 I actually like bud light...  




 Lol no...  I have been asking for it for months now on this sub.  Cotto was Mayweather toughest opponent and I don't wanna see Khan...  









 I am not trying to be a troll...  But do you guys remember Mayweather Vs Ortiz 24/7?

This guy is super emotional and I feel mentally unstable.  Nobody considers him relevant.  All he is is a roadblock to bigger fights.  I honestly felt that him and DE LA Hoya had a fling or something. They were just odd together and this doesn't stretch that.  They could have both been coked out since de la hoya went to rehab. 


This is all speculation and opinion.  




 What?  I'm sure they just gave him some craft bud til he was floating on air.  




 Even for a superstar,  those are some extreme minutes.  Do you think Lebron is going to fatigue?  









 Fuck off 




 The irony is ridiculous.  




 Stop crying,  they took off an upvote.  




 Sounds like they may be making teams potentially waste a pick so lower teams can possibly get someone better.  Good strategy.   




 Eventually I got in and it said it wasn't available yet...  This was like a few months ago 




 No lol 









 I knew he rapped because his rookie year day in the life showed him talking about his love for rapping.  




 This 




 I had trouble...  If I'm not mistaken,  your blue is different from your gold ND you have to set it up seperatley
 




 I have been to three festivals this year...  I just got back from walk off the earth 2 days ago.... OMAM were the best concert and performance I have been to.  Nanna has an incredible voice....  They have single handedly deemed themselves the best band I can see in person.  Please see them in person.  




 DON'T TELL PEOPLES WTF BERNICE NEEDS!  




 I'm not saying it is...  Merely stating that it kinda reminds me of it.. I'm speaking of right now in Sacramento.  




 This cracked me up ha 




 I'm not tryna be rude but why was it Unattended...  That sounds like a lot was put into it 




 Another one and say* 









 The perfect kid catcher...   




 She does but she already had this...  I'm worried about the less fortunate 




 Comcast will give *us* $5 for multiple outages but still over charge us in the monopoly hole they created!?  Ima buy 5 cheeseburgers!  




 Why is this here? Print this out and put it on Watt Ave... I hope none of us will ever need this.  




 OMAM is my favorite band.  I love MHIAA more than I can explain...  Nanna is gorgeous and their style was slick.  I heard crystals and thought WTF...  They sold out.  I was pissed off. Listened to it a few times and it grew on me. As did every single they put out (except I of the storm.  I loved that immediatly) They are growing and they changed. For the better.  Nanna and Raggie said this was a chance to open up.  *this* is the real OMAM.  I love it. Keep listening and you will too.  




 This band really sets the bar high for artists...  Their show was incredible. They made the audience be involved which was sick.  The bands chemistry is incredible. They all rotated to the front and lead at least once. Played every song you wanted to hear and even played the whole band on one guitar deal.  It was sick.  I've been to a ton of festivals including cali roots a few weeks ago...  This had been the best concert yet. Go if you haven't..!  




 I blame it on th e shitty tswift  




 I'm so excited for this album 




 Sick!  I see them Saturday at BFD 









 This!  Please for the love of all that is godly...  Notify Obama 




 Enhance if possible.  









 Point being there is such things as undersized players...  Hell,  I'd love to have another SG if he panned out...  




 I'd assume one or the other..  




 Ben Wallace was 6'9"... 




 Mclemore...  




 How was human?  




 Try sitting into classes that are full...  Dropout happen...  If you want it fight for it.  




 Crashing thisndiet diet!!!! WITH NO SURVIVOR!  




 Girls -  slow magic 




 "Stop Mr. Jones!!!!", I screamed.  It was all to real.  I couldn't believe that it happened again.  My stuffed bear was touching my penis again. Mr. Jones was a beige colored stuffed bear with a missing button eye. Oh how he was a friend of mine.  We used to do everything together.  Fish,  hike,  sleep.  Man we were inseparable.  Then as we got older,  Mr. Jones became to close.  He would whisper obscenities in my ear as I slept like "Leonardo will never get an Oscar." or "Just do it!  Yesterday you say tomorrow,  so just.....  DO IT!". One time I woke up and I saw Mr.  Jones playing with himself watching me as I slept.  Sure I was wearing some nice,  comfortable, elastic less,  tag-less Hanes underwear with a logo of Space Jam on it. Mr.  Jones whispered under his breath.... "what's up doc". Mr. Jones copulated with me that night. As he pulled down my Hanes underwear that you can find at any target store for about $7.99 for a pack of 3, I realized that I had the slightest erection. It wasn't extremely high like you get when wearing a pair of Jordan high top sneakers, which you can find for appx. $100 at your local shoe store. No,  this erection let me know that I was ready to jam my piece into Mr. Jones. I slept that night. I awoke a new man.  Rejuvenated!  Alive!  Revived like a man who was worn down but had a fresh glass of Gatorade, which is a high performance energy drink engineered to allow you to perform at you peak ability which you can buy at any store for $3.00. I felt like I was set to explode! Like the Charlotte Bobcats will once we establish a firm grip on our front office direction,  which tickets can be purchased at www.nba.com/bobcats. Ticket prices may vary.  So come see us!!!" 

-  Michael Jordan **(Career highlights and awards6NBA champion(19911993,199619986NBA Finals MVP(19911993,199619985NBA Most Valuable Player(1988,19911992,1996,199814NBA All-Star(19851993,19961998,200220033NBA All-Star Game MVP(1988,1996,199810All-NBA First Team(19871993,19961998All-NBA Second Team(1985NBA Defensive Player of the Year(19889NBA All-Defensive First Team(19881993,19961998NBA Rookie of the Year(1985NBA All-Rookie First Team(198510NBA scoring champion(19871993,199619983NBA steals champion(1988,1990,19932NBA Slam Dunk Contest champion(19871988NBA All-Time playoff scoring leaderChicago Bulls all-time leading scorerNo. 23retired by Chicago BullsNo. 23retired by Miami Heat3xAP Athlete of the Year(1991,1992,19932xUSA Basketball Male Athlete of the Year(19831984)NBA's 50th Anniversary All-Time TeamNCAA champion(19822 Consensus first-teamAll-American(19831984)National college player of the year(1984)ACC Player of the Year(1984)No. 23retired by North Carolina)** 




 She was doing what was right...  Defending the father of her two kids who wasn't ready to come out. At least she's done *Something* which wasn't purely for attention..  




 /r/Santacruz 




 It is true... 

Source: Google  




 Sort of like a penis but named Louis and not funny or intelligent.. 

Source: Google 




 Things are going well


FTFY Bitch 




 Worst case of hemorrhoids ever...  




 Every Comcast customer...  




 I am seeing them in 2 days 




 The day I was born..  :( 




 Future Darwin award recipient.  




 Every poem /u/poem_for_your_sprog does 




 Hold on - Rivvrs 

Seeing stars (acoustic) - Borns

I of the storm (Of monsters and men) 




 Instincts.... Evolution... You know...  Shit like that 




 I would have alot of cats...  And alot of clothes that smell like cat piss.... 




 You get alot of meat watching Magic Mike...  









 Yes 




 Lolol 




 All good man.  Try Craigslist.  Alot of kids from college may be looking for some summer rooming.  




 Well fuck...  Your ad is just soooooooooooooo fucking inviting...  




 Bank error in your favor.  




 No...  It's the word of god 




 No... I'd recommend a different thread like Craigslist...  




 dude...  WTF 




 /r/tifu or for you perhaps check out /r/gaybros 




 They are nice boxes..  




 Makes sense!  I was wondering when I ate it why did it taste like catfish...  




 What can they do if they are purely put into farms and slaughter houses like the Holocaust?  




 Learned helplessness...?  Same psychological principle used to understand why humans do the very same thing..  




 Would we cease eating animals?  Would reparations be in tact if we found we could communicate with them as well?  




 [reminds me of these fuckers...]( https://youtu.be/gzJROPln6Ys)  




 These aren't supposed to be melting...  




 Ice in California!!!???  Fuck no...  We put dirt in our water.  




 Be a man and let me come again.  




 The jokes not that bad if you pretend it's funny 




 I came up with this at the store buying lettuce...  Gimme a break 




 Because she can't get rid of the Y chromosome 




 I think his phone auto corrected to DTF haha 




 You can...  Play next key game Sims games until it's elimination...  But I appreciate you trying...  




