 Actually it's pretty common for women who are independent. I'm always worried about getting laundry done, washing dishes, work, cleaning the litter, bills... Being dominated allows me to surrender control over every little thing and be free from responsibility, if only temporarily. 




 I would try calling, they charged you 12? 




 Does anyone subscribe to this? Are the boxes pretty good? I need a new box since I cancelled my birchbox  




 They charged me a dollar but it may be just a "hold" to see if my card is good 




 I was having problems signing up for it at work. Had to email them to reset my password since I somehow missed the "create an account" part. 




 I just signed up for their box recently (ok I wanted a free box) but have heard bad things. Do they really send out tiny foil packets regularly? 




 At least you didn't get a box with broken glass and hair oil all over it... lol They sent me a replacement and didn't even bother packing the hair oil better. 




 Not only are they messing up the boxes but now the actual full sized product orders? sigh
 




 Has anyone tried any of the period box services? I am looking at the period store and le parcel. There are some really nice ones but I am not willing to spend $38 a month on a $9 box of tampons!!
I like the idea of not having to remember to run to the store in emergencies and I am currently low on supplies, plus chocolate in the mail that week would be awesome.  Any suggestions? 




 Yea I think it's a verification, I'm not too worried about the $1 I just want to watch it to make sure it doesn't change to a bigger charge!  




 I have a "tap three times" signal to let my husband know that I need to breathe. Normally I would just use a safe word but it's hard to talk when you can't breathe lol. Just please be careful! 




 It may have just been a hold to see if the card was legitimate. I am not sure yet, will see if it goes away in a few days 




 It is a great fantasy but in reality after about two or three orgasms most people get too sensitive to continue. Is she into bdsm?
There is a good website which is bondageorgasms.com
You could try tying her up with a hitachi between her legs.  




 Uh two things.
There's nothing wrong with liking certain things but you should not ever choke someone to the point of blacking out. That is not okay.

Also while there's nothing wrong with having sex on drugs, or sex while being choked, PLEASE do not combine the two. It would be a shitty way to die. 




 no. I like to be in control when not having sex. 




 Actually they charged my card $1. I emailed them to cancel, hopefully they will actually cancel my subscription 




 oh rainbow honey has a good base coat too, it's called all your base 




 seche vite is the best top coat.

as far as base coat goes I really like orly bonder 




 cuuuute! 




 oh that's not creepy at all..... 




 YES very Anne Hathaway. That dress is gorgeous and your figure is amazing! 




 I think they get positive reinforcement when other douchebags agree with them. At least I'm assuming that is encouraging them. Who the hell knows.  




 Tell him to shape up or ship out! 









 ugh and these people can get pregnant. and I can't :( 




 very cute!
 




 amg I love this. 




 YOU'RE DOOMED


DOOOOOOOMED 




 horse correct battery staple 




 poufy things. 




 expired :( 




 worth a shot. I'm white but my hair is really frizzy and thick so I'm gonna try it too 




 Omg I know. once they sent me a pen! 




 Omg, ow. Love your bath mat! 




 Brags about lexus.  Refuses to pay $89/night.   




 Yea it's fine, ty 




 I got CHEESE.  Lamest box ever.  Coupon for cheese, and a lunchbag 




 Bob is my hero. 




 It's an antique collectors item!!!  




 Just make up one, that's what i do at work.  Sometimes we get really creative with the fake emails lol 




 Soup isn't really bar food.... 




 Try to boost his confidence 




 They had me on the lowest possible "starter dose". Lol  I reacted badly to my levothyroxine too, they had to switch it to armour thyroid.  




 Well I already have a weak stomach, am lactose intolerant, etc. so it doesn't take much to send me to the bathroom lol 




 omg I would have slapped him and got taken off to jail 




 it's also supposed to help regulate hormones due to PCOS/help prevent diabetes. I cannot take it I was in the bathroom for two weeks straight. They changed it to the extended release and I was in the bathroom for another week and I switched doctors so I got someone who wouldn't make me take it lol 




 I have hypothyroidism as well. I'm glad you finally got a doctor that cares/listens/knows what the fuck he's doing. I had doctors who ignored my pain and insisted I take metformin for two years. I finally got an endocrinologist and an obgyn who doesn't have his head up his ass and he did a laparoscopy
just to see if I had endometriosis. I didn't but they did pop some cysts while they were in there which helped a lot with the pain.

 




 I cannot take metformin. It made me have diarrhea every day for like 2 weeks and I finally stopped taking it. 




 thanks! 




 PLEASE go no-contact with that woman.
I'm so glad you are in therapy, it's pretty obvious she is the reason you need it. 




 Have panic attacks, can confirm. 




 !!! I collect cameos. So I NEED one of these cameo ones!` 




 for god's sake she is not obese, she is a toddler whose hands are SWOLLEN due to FIREANT BITES 




 I swear to god they would go out of their way to look for me on purpose. like I smell good or something 




 my mom got bit by bullet ants in key west and had to put meat tenderizer on it. ughhh 




 those things are satan
 




 Oh thanks!  I think we do have one nearby. 




 My boxes are usually only 6.99, too. But when I add a non box item it seems like the shipping is almost always 15+ !! 




 I got the peach sake mask and loved it so I was hoping the serum would be the same stuff that was in the mask 




 So it's a difference in texture and when you apply it?? Do you need both? lol 




 to the us 




 It is the little sheet ones, I think the site is saying that no matter what I put in the cart :( 




 Ah, thanks! 




 paypal site won't load for me atm lol 




 usps 




 cheapest shipping option I see is $6.16 




 oh god I wish I could help you out as I am suffering through shark week too.
Unfortunately I am also broke as shit until May 1 :( 




 usps 




 Yea it weighs a pound, according to amazon. 




 Lol 
Well it is missing the eyeliner because honestly the eyeliner that came in it was a POS and broke. I was looking for $30 including shipping and handling.  

http://imgur.com/fUWzbjh

These are from the other day, I can update them with today's date if you'd like. lol

[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/iYlRafL.jpg) 




 it's probably the same stuff as nair, some people are allergic. I can't use it, I always break out in hives 




 YAY ball rash 




 holy cow that is adorable. 




 I think masturbating is a good thing UNLESS it is interfering with your sex life. 




 I think guys will pretty much jack off at least once a day no matter what.  




 My ex used to but orajel or desensitizing cream on his penis before putting on a condom. It seemed to help 




 That would suck because that is one of my favorite stores! 




 Yep! 




 Can someone explain the difference between a serum and an emulsion? I am looking at the skinfood peach sake. There is a toner, a serum, and an emulsion.  The serum you are supposed to use after lotion, and the emulsion you are supposed to use after toner. But I'm not sure which one to purchase. Thanks! 




 Can someone explain why the hell the shipping for one item is so much? I wanted to use my 5 points before they expire, so I put a tea tree mask in my cart which is $10 so the total would be $5...
And then I see the shipping is almost 20 dollars!

Standard $16.58
Express $30.99 

What the hell?
 




 ahhh thanks I didn't know that!
dammit I am broke too lol 




 In a lot of pain due to PCOS and having my period.

  I had to work yesterday on Easter (I clean storage at a rental truck company) and I guess I overdid it bending over to sweep and mop, etc so today I am stuck in bed, rolling around in pain.  Horrible cramps and back pain and for some reason I am nauseous.

I recently had surgery in February and in addition to paying the obgyn $500 and the hospital $1000 I still owe the anesthesiologist $646 for a surgery that didn't even fix the extreme pain I have been suffering from for years. 

 I have a cracked tooth and need a root canal but the dentist will not offer a payment plan and demands all $800 up front. 

I told him I cannot do this since I am already paying off the surgery I just had and ended up having to cancel the appointment. 

I am going to have to find another dentist who is willing to offer a payment plan as my hours have recently been cut at work to only TWO days a week because my manager is over on payroll.  

I'm trying to put off the root canal until I get the anesthesiologist bill paid off because I am not in pain (at least in my mouth) yet but I know it needs to be done. 

I had an abcess on my gums which went away when I took antibiotics but the dentist said that in order to save the tooth I would need a root canal.  

I don't really believe the dentist I think he just wanted to make a big bill to make money, but I can't go and get a second opinion because my insurance won't cover dental. 

 The good news is that since I paid my deductible I should be covered for all medical visits for the rest of the year once I pay the dentist and anesthesiologist bills.

I have three different doctors I am going to 
an obgyn for PCOS, an endocrinologist for the PCOS and my thyroid problem, and a family doctor and every time I go I get a $200 bill for blood work and the obgyn does an ultrasound like once every three months. 

 I am really glad for my husband's job because although he doesn't get paid well he does have good insurance. There is no way we could pay all of this off if his insurance didn't cover part of it.


I am on like 5 different medications- antidepressants, birth control for my pcos, spironolactone because I have excess testosterone (due to PCOS) to help with my hairy chin and acne, a thyroid medication 
and occasionally the pain gets so bad I have muscle relaxers and ultram/tramadol. 

Sometimes the pain gets so bad I start crying.  They went in and got a lot of cysts out of my ovaries but I guess I just grew new ones because I was only pain free for like a month after the surgery.  

Sorry for the long post but I have a lot on my mind right now. :(

Also please do not suggest I "just need to lose weight"
 




 damn wish I'd known this BEFORE I bought the minibox 




 Pretty sure this is a referral... 




 Well he keeps being promised a raise but never actually gets it. 




 Wow they sounded like legit gentlemen! 




 well the fact that she thinks her lactose intolerant child can't eat eggs isn't a great confidence boost in her parenting abilities... 




 well duh, soy eggs. obviously 




 It would have taken all my resources
not to laugh  




 QM: Give me a fucking quarter.

Bah, next time immediately call a manager.
Or ask him to leave.  




 my husband has been working for this company for 10 years now. And the new hires are making .25 less per hour than he is. After 10 years of loyalty.

grrr

 




 Well it is kind of the "old people" store... 




 !! I went like 3 years without a period due to pcos. I kept saying I should have bought stock in fucking pregnancy tests. Did you know they have a 6 pack?!!?! 




 bah my manager has been scheduling me two days a week.
16 hours. down from 24. WTF 




 Where is this cannon? LET ME IN THE CANNON! 




 "What?? I don't see where it says that on here! All I see is free!! See right here?? FREE!!"

Lol. 




 haha looks like I have something to look forward to!
 




 ...because no one wants a USED DILDO. 




 oh god I'm so sorry. anti-depressant withdrawals are the worst thing ever 




 We haven't had any ashes yet, thank God. 




 isn't that illegal? we rent storage units and we are NOT allowed to evict/auction off the units of active duty military personnel 




 oh god. after one auction we had a box of baby photos and shoes. and then we saw a death certificate. we were able to get in touch with the owner, thank goodness- I wasn't going to throw out someone's dead child's shoes. 




 I have a lot of self-harm scars. I don't like explaining them. Thankfully most people realize exactly what they are and don't ask. 




 um no, I'm pretty sure people like it when you compliment/ask them about their tattoos. 




