 100k votes in 2 days man. TWO DAYS. Give it a week, this news is spreading like wildfire and Gabe isn't helping his case by dancing around direct questions. 




 Speaking for all food service workers on this one.


Walk in 5 minutes before close and order a drink, appetizer, and well done steak.

If you do this, fuck you and everything about you. 









 No, it's a trick question 'cause Chevy didn't make a 327 in '55, the 327 didn't come out till '62. And it wasn't offered in the Bel Air with a four-barrel carb till '64. However, in 1964, the correct ignition timing would be four degrees before top-dead-center.  




 "As soon as these fucking cunts leave I'm gonna light up a joint."

Beautiful. 




 It's a trick question. 




 Avicii - Levels (Skrillex Remix)

I love this song, but it seems like everyone wants to hear it...allll the time. 




 Still haven't gotten around to purchasing a Sony product. 




 Still not giving out spoilers for Last of Us!!! Awesome. 




 They ran with this idea last year when Jacksonville was the worst team and Alabama was the best, they also ran 3 of the other worst teams in the NFL.

PredictionMachine.com ran 50,000 computer simulations of the best team in college football, the Alabama Crimson Tide, vs the four worst teams in the NFL, the Buccaneers, Steelers, Giants and Jaguars.

Jacksonville won 91.4% of the simulations, by an average score of 32-13. The Giants won 95.4% of the time, the Steelers won 95.7% of the time, and the Bucs won 95.8% of the time.

[Source](http://philadelphia.cbslocal.com/2013/10/01/computer-simulation-suggests-alabama-would-beat-jaguars-8-6-of-the-time/) 




 I'm drinking surge. Still amazing. 




 American Bulldag uses Puppet

Angry customer is now confused

Angry customer ran away! 




 I have reached Trend-sendence. 









 Assassins Creed 12: Mace's Journey 









 They didn't light the candle yet dammit! 









 www.reddit.com/r/dogsbeingdeceptive


Let's do this. 




 Slender...
 




 I'm so let down, you said you would never do that. 




 Thank the video game gods I ruined some other kids day. Whew. 




 You don't live in PA do you, because my mom purchased a bundle eerily similar for 7 bucks quite a few years ago, hopefully it wasn't me walking out with your shit. I would kinda feel bad now. 




 What do you expect this country to be in 250 years? 




 Revolution! 




 I enjoy the fact that the video caption states they are all servers. Judging by the way the treat other servers, they are all fucking assholes. 




 Someone would presumably have to do it to you.  




 Groundhog Day 




 Not sure how duct tape WASN'T the first answer. 









 The internet is right. 




 Growing up, I was a pretty typical 90s kid in America. I loved playing outside, whether it's sports or playing in a creek, but I also loved playing video games with friends and especially playing against them in Pokemon. Days would wisp by as a child, with no cares in the world other than my family, friends, and video games. I had a few close friends in the neighborhood I grew up around, even the one kid who was a little younger that had lived in the borderline condemnable house, well call him Jack. A house with plain-sight cracks to foundation, old, dingy siding hanging off partial tears from the wall, and almost every window how some extent of damage to it. He didnt have much, but he had us, his friends. He would be ecstatic to come over for dinner and video games, as he didnt get the greatest of either at home. A small part of me as a child felt empathy, but he was such a good friend that it would always be overlooked that he is poor, he was one of us. Jack was an integral part of the small circle of neighborhood kids we had created over the years. 


One curious thing about Jack is that, although he was older, he seemed to be failing at aging, if at all. We were always told as kids that he had some complicated disorder that made him LOOK that way, but he always seemed wise beyond his years. He would always give advice that youd want to hear from an adult figure like an adult brother, but not quite a parent. The type of advice that was right, but wasnt coming from an authority figure like a parent, so you would actually TRY to listen to them.  Sometimes, he would say weird things and would immediately apologize, saying that he slipped. We never saw him fall, but he would always tell us he slipped. I remember him doing this quite often, and one time in particular, made me relatively uneasy.


Now we were all close friends, a small family if you will, so what Jack did this day was completely unexpected. As we were playing around tossing a football amongst each other, Jack just started shaking his head. It was a slow shake, until he looked down and started shaking his head in a more rapid manner. We all immediately cease what we were doing to help him, but it was already lost at this point. His head is furiously shaking, while he clutches his hair, to the point we thought he would rip it right from his scalp. It was this moment I will never forget, it turned my life upside down and inside out. It still affects me as I write this. In that moment, Jack stopped shaking, he looked at all of us with a look weve never seen, this wasnt Jack anymoreit looked like Jack aged 15 years in that 30 second time frame.




STOP THIS RIGHT NOW! IM DONE, ITS OVER! WAKE THE FUCK UP! Jack shouted, in a sad, but angry tone. I chime in after the dust of shock settled. S-stop what Jack? We were only tossing a football I was still shaking as Jacks voice rattled each and every one of us to the core. I saidWAKE THE FUCK UP TIM! Jack rattled again, this time directed right at me. I am now terrified of what is coming or, what may have already happen. I am enveloped by the emotional cocktail of fear, sadness, angst, and even anger. What are you talking about Jack, Im right here in front of you, wide awake, just like every day. Do you want me to get your Mom, or mine, or Tylers? I questioned him, still shaking in emotion. No Tim, I want you to wake up. I cant live here any longer, I want to grow up again. He replied, with tears welling up in his eyes. Im scared Jack, what are you talking about?? I said, completely enveloped by fear at this moment. Jacks knees became weak as he crippled to the ground, overcome with emotion, he seems angry but he is full on crying. After a few moments, he managed to mutter out a few words.




Thisnone of this is real Timmy. I hurt you, I hurt you bad. You wont wake up, and all I want you to do is wake up. I want to apologize to the real you.




In this moment, I was frozen. Not paralyzed, more so frozen in complete terror.  Out of nowhere, my head feels as if it was an overinflated balloon ready to pop. Writhing in pain a get a few words out to Jack, Whats.happening. My head, its going to explode! Jacks head perks up, with his eyes wide open now, he wipes away the tears and starts looking around. As the pain finally subsides after what seemed to be hours, I notice something odd. Everyoneeverything is gone except Jack and myself. Dead silence, I feel nothing, no emotion, no painnothing. It appeared that Jack had the same feeling take over him.




I tried Timmy, I really did. You werent supposed to hurt anyone else. I tried to stop ityouyoure just a monster.




Its back. The pain, the grueling headache I had just moments ago. I can only squeeze my eyes shut so hard, this is unbearable. I finally gain the strength to open my eyes and standing in front of me in a dimly lit, borderline-condemnable house, was Jack. The same, rapidly aged Jack I was just speaking to. Except I wasnt a child anymore, and we werent outside throwing a football. With very little light in this room, I could make out some electronics laying around, with a few wires attached to both myself and Jack, but I cant make out what is all over me. Jack sadly lowers his head as he begins taking off the wires. Whatthefuck Jack. WHAT IS GOING ON?! I inquire, with my voice getting louder with rage every time a new word is muttered. I feel it, the rageits taking over. Is this what Jack was talking about? What did I do? Who did I


FREEZE! DOWN ON THE GROUND NOW JACK! WE WILL SHOOT IF YOU MAKE ANY SUDDEN MOVEMENTS! WHAT THE FUCK? Who are these people and how do they know Jack? Better yet, why are they pointing their guns at me? Jack is right in front of me. Im not a monster of any sorts. It was then I realizedIm a liar. I instantly black out, and now Im covered in blood, and the light from the sun is peaking through an old doorway. I see bodies everywhere, but no Jack. I see my childhood friends, SWAT officers, a preacherand so many more. Who did this? As I question myself, I notice a dusty, half covered mirror catch a small ray of sunshine from his corner. I uncover it, and I know who I see in the mirror, but its not Tim. Tim is dead, they are all dead. I.amJack, and I will never be stopped. I am in every single one of you, dont suppress your Jack, or I will be the next thing you see in the mirror. 




See you soon. 




 Smoke a lot of weed. 




 Eminem 




 I want the truth!!! 




 Did you do it? 




 Did you order the code red? 




 Don't care if I'm working, I'm always down to help! 




 It IS the truth though. 




 I was dead, but thanks to amazing surgeons and modern science, I was revived after being born dead and I'm perfectly healthy today. Well, I'm a Redditor, so I'm not perfect. 




 Your Grandmom looks like Lindsay Lohan, after the drugs. 




 Out of all games, RE4? I would beat that shit at least 12 times in a week before my gaming career would end. 




 Could be a board game, video game, card game, etc. 




