




 Pretty sure Calvin Candie already discussed this.  




 Bad call ref, what are you blind.  









 I've wanted Asian cuisine all day so I walked down a few blocks to get some. I didn't read the sign before I entered into the Mexican restaurant right next to it. I felt too awkward to just leave so now I'm eating food I can't pronounce.  









 Mexico is about to become a failed state. How will the U.S. respond? 





























 There can be only one 




 Someone slap a brazzers tag on this.  




 My ankle and back. I ignore it because the army's medical system takes to long to do anything about it.  




 You'd go through a lot scorpions to get that much.  




 A more effective method than writing your congressman.  




 The military industrial complex at it's best. Helping the lobbyists and not the troops.  









 Gangs of New York.  














 Because they want to express their work through others. Another reason could be that they don't want to bring their work home with them.  




 Says you can eat it. Eating a rock will be taken off the bucket list.  









 So the opposite of daddy issues, everything about women ultimately leads up to their father.  









 Dream killer.....I'll check out the videos.  




 Solar powered roads. http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=qlTA3rnpgzU 









 "Do you know how fast you were going?" "Yes we have a radar too" 




 Toilet paper 




 Kids may say the darndest things but the Japanese make the craziest.  




 Are they rich yet, it doesn't say.  



















 You know someone there is making bank on beautifying gas masks.  




 Reminds me of Bugs Bunny asking Elmer Fudd what he's hunting.  




 Not caring about things, it would have saved a lot of worry.  




 Well he kinda screwed people with common sense because we have to hear anti vaccination supporters constantly.  




 Maybe he should have practiced more.  




 If any of my family didn't pay their parking tickets. Boom....right to jail.  




 Help build houses for Habit for Humanity.  




 I feel the democrats could throw in someone better.  




 Bacon in a frying pan.  




 The  thought that people complain about a lot of shit, but they never put in effort to fix it.  









 They all weren't ran over. It was between a Stryker roll over, an asthma attack and the running over cots. From what I was told.  




 The quiz doesn't like mobile devices.  




 My friends from 1st brigade came back from the field and said eight guys died. The captain was the only one to make the news.  









 Someone sounds a little self centered......Adolf.  




 Still waiting on Bernie Sanders announcement...... 




 I have to pee pee and caca....are you pinching off a loaf....I'm scared for life.  




 I still collect football and baseball cards.  




 Better political points than the U.S. party's.  









 I wonder if they weren't dissolved, would they start fighting each other again? 




 The kick on that looks deadly.  




 His one phone call was to Tim McGraw.  




 Hearts of Iron 3 




 Angry Video Game Nerd 




 "She got a big booty, so I call her big booty."  




 Drinking lot's of alcohol 




 Porn  




 Fighting in the middle east is helping protect our freedom, but the cartels aren't a problem.  




 Never kill the messenger 




 A top hat.  




 Can I eat said noodles? 




 Donnie Darko.  




 She looks way more happy than I would be in that situation.  




 Turn down for.....oh.  














 Except when a sheriff deputy didn't know about the training exercise and shot two candidates. http://articles.latimes.com/2002/feb/27/news/mn-30109 




 The military industrial complex wouldn't be so big, and America most likely wouldn't be in debt(or as much).  




 Bride: "I promise to let you nut in my asshole, let it drip into a bowl, and I'll eat every bit." Hope that's dirty enough.  




 I know we haven't seen each other in over a year, but I'm pregnant.  




 Real or fake? 




 Leonardo DiCaprio, John Wayne, and Marlon Brando. 




 Nice Goodfellas reference.  









 This just in: "Regression" breaks box office records.  




 There goes my Amazon vacation.  




 Where the bodies are.  




 Keep reposting the same question about Klondike bars on r/AskReddit  




 Men would have to go to the bathroom together like women. So nothing has changed on the women's side.  




 Kind of, they've been stepping up their heroin and meth game lately. Their trade could also be affected by the turf wars they're currently having.  




 Weapon accuracy.  




 Swimming. I've met a surprising amount of people that can't swim.  




 He'll never get those 5 years back. They need to make a law that states false accusers serve the same amount of time as their victim.  




 Good thing we still have her playboy spread. Too bad she went downhill.  




 "Get to the whip" 









 "High Class East Siders"
Best show ever btw.  




 Narco Cultura http://m.imdb.com/title/tt2504022/ 




 150 




 By the time it hits the front page people most likely will stop voting for it since it's already there. I'd say the majority of votes come to the post during its rising phase.  



















 So like a laser pointer, or a flash bamg on a stick.  




 That means the price of all my cheap Chinese products will go up.  
























 Walks in front of the TV even though there's a path behind it.  




 You could say she's going to get a whopper in her croissan'wich.  




 "I have to return some videotapes" 




 Looks like Mexico won't be winning the United States lottery any time soon.  




 Well we haven't had any good revolts lately, I'll get the car started.  




 "I didn't know it vibrates, been sitting on my hand for hours" 




 Did you buy enough toilet paper before you did this? 









 I'm always complaining to my wife that she never uses her shirt pocket. I'll have to buy her a few. Do you do women's and men's shirts? 




 Well, at least he has a hobby.  




 More money more problems 









 "This is the contract you're looking for." 




 Cookie dough 




 Henry Frick being a prick 









 That'll do pig.  




 Where's Netflix, I have a lot of bingeing to do.  




 Usually I'll smoke two Newports for breakfast.  




 They should have stopped trying with the F-35 1 trillion dollars ago. I understand we're developing something new, but there needs to be a earlier time to say "this just isn't working".  




 Clothing and Sales always low grade shit for a high price.  




 The effort some people put in when their Netflix goes down.  









 He's just standing there...... Menacingly 




 Millions of dollars to build a tunnel and replenish rockets. All of those better be made out of gold for that amount of money.  




 Opera glasses.  




 Gin and tonic. Maybe soju when I can find it 














 Don't try to lick your elbows.  




 Not to remove my mattress label. So far nothing.  









 They need to invest into desalination plants. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Desalination 





























 Have sex with it.  




 It will be caught in a paradox and self destruct.  




 Gooby pls.  




 So he only got paid once a year, not good business.  




 When will people bring down all the dead bodies. http://sometimes-interesting.com/2011/06/29/over-200-dead-bodies-on-mount-everest/ 



















 I was reading reviews from different rental companies online and noticed most of them were negative. I was wondering if people only write reviews when they dislike the company.  



















 It probably didn't go to good if that fat dude on the right was in the plane.  














 Consequences dictate our course of action and it doesn't matter what's right. It's only wrong if you get caught. ~Jerk Off~ Tool 




 Pants on dance on 














 It's an epidemic. Have you seen the documentary Narco Cultra? It talks about how much influence and glorified the cartels are. http://m.imdb.com/title/tt2504022/ 



















 It's just frowned upon 




 Taxes 




 They could both be anteaters symbolizing that the suck up everything below them and make shit out of it.  




