 Try this forum thread out...

http://www.hearingaidforums.com/showthread.php?15640-Costco-Kirkland-Signature-5-0 




 Don't enjoy intoxication myself; can't really stand being around intoxicated people. 




 I think you meant to say, on a private test track in an unknown location, no? 




 Don't forget to update your flair!  Welcome one and all! 




 I meant it as a general suggestion, not necessarily for you specifically. Too many 86s have been wrapped around trees by wannabe Paul Walkers not familiar with the dynamics of RWD platforms. 




 Comparisons on car pricing among different countries are fallacious at best.  Tariffs can vary wildly depending on country of origin.  To say nothing of currency valuation, as you noted.  And then you have market pricing, import quantity, etc. etc.  And neither of our countries are the country of origin for the platform in this case. 




 It only comes on the BRZ Limited standard; it is an option on the Premium.  The FR-S has an entirely different spoiler (optional 2013 and 2014 base, standard 2014 Monogram, optional 2015 base).  The Release Series 1.0 2015 has a standard spoiler that is a three piece lip design, totally different from all other models in the US.  




 OP is a Canadian ;)  It'd be more of a joke if s/he didn't have winter tires. 




 "Upcoming" is pretty open-ended.  When the 6S comes out Fall 2015 I'm sure the 5s will be free or $1; ditto when the 7 comes out in Fall 2016 regarding the 6.

:) 




 Yes, on an engine designed for high octane, when you use lower octane, you get less performance.  I said exactly that.  It won't hurt anything, however, which was my main point. 




 No one's sure really but when you let the clutch it faster you'll find it doesn't do it as much/at all.  But obviously that it didn't do it in the beginning means something is changing in the transmission and/or clutch. 




 First thing you should do after getting a twin is learn how to drive it so you don't have an unfortunate accident as many people new to sports cars tend to do. 




 The RS 1.0 has a body kit, lowering springs and an axleback exhaust (i.e. different muffler).  There are some other minor interior appearance things but really, that's about it.

The engine and transmission are identical to every other FR-S/BRZ. 




 It will adjust its timing for running on lower quality gas - all cars do that.  Unless you run a tune that truly requires a specific octane, all you will get from lower octane gas is lower performance. 




 The Mustang and Miata are "equally good"?  Say, wha?  If you really think that please get a Mustang as the point of a Miata or an FR-S/BRZ is in no way the same as a Mustang, aside from the moving from Pt. A to Pt. B thing. 




 Nope, it happens when shifting too slowly (well, releasing the clutch too slowly).  Cars like being shifted fast, it's actually less stressful as everything is closer to matching speeds. 




 That's this sound.

http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showthread.php?t=19308

I don't think anyone is certain what it is yet, but the clutch being the thing that makes it is pretty certain. 




 Have a look at this chart:

http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showpost.php?p=238340 postcount=2 




 The crickets from the fuel pump and the AC chirp are separate things - one doesn't cause the other.  The fuel pump will be basically constant once warmed up - the AC is a periodic chirp/squeak that happens every 7-10 seconds when the AC is on or the windshield defrost is on. 




 I thought the discount was only live until the phone is paid for completely? 




 There are two chirps your car will make.  One is the high pressure fuel pump, which will be a near constant chirp/squeak once warmed up and we call crickets.  The other is the AC compressor which will chirp every 10 seconds or so when the AC is on (or front window defrost is on, as the AC is running then as well).  Both are totally normal. 




 My suggestion exactly - same on all sides and back, nothing on front.  35% is plenty dark for Nebraska. 




 Heh, yep.  Good people share this sort of info over on NASIOC ;) 




 Well my theory originally was to run the LWCP until I could afford a nice clutch/LWFW and tearing into the transmission.  However just recently a member started a survey thread about running both pulley and flywheel and there are plenty of folks who do without problem.  It's likely a combination of other mods like FI contributed to the problem, as well as being a holdover from other Subie engines (where it really was a bad thing to do).

http://www.ft86club.com/forums/poll.php?do=showresults pollid=956 




 Well I mean when my lease is up I'll have the option to keep it or turn it in.  Just haven't decided yet.  Obviously I've got a while to figure it out.

This is my car: http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showthread.php?t=67902 




 Yeah, what I've been wrestling with turning the FR-S in in 2017 when my lease is up or keeping it.  I am hoping to buy a new house in 2018 if not sooner so it's a lot to think about.  




 They'll do for now.  Working on a 2017 plan.  Need to be good for a while.  :) 




 A Tundra, at the time.  Since then I've also had a Mercedes C350, a GMC Sierra 1500, a different Tundra and now my FR-S and my girlfriend's Hyundai Sonata.  And three different motorcycles.  And a Focus, Taurus and Corolla that were all driven by my ex-fiancee (that breakup was why the first Tundra went away as well...memories).

So yeah, I have a problem with buying vehicles heh.  I keep motorcycles the longest, till they're paid.  The GTO I owned the longest, not quite four years.  Then the first Tundra right about three. 




 Nope, disagree.  I did my research on all seasons and for the little bit of snow we get here they're ideal.  I bought the highest all-around performing all seasons as tested by Tire Rack - Hankook ventus s1 noble2s.  Working great.  Better than the stock summers in the dry as well.  I may get dedicated snows out in the future but these will more than meet my needs this season.  Especially given my ability to telework. 




 Zero hour...Nine AM. 




 This is just another example of someone getting highly knowledgeable with respect to one particular area while otherwise lacking common sense.  Causation?  You be the judge. 




 [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/Lzz5Ljg.jpg) 




 Ha, we're getting way down the rabbit hole here huh?  Well, we needed a more family friendly/practical vehicle at the time.  I also kept breaking it, well, little reliability problems here and there that just annoyed for it being my only four wheeled vehicle. 




 I sold her back in 08; recently saw her back for sale again when I was at my old home on business.  Mod wise she had a roots supercharger (Magnacharger) with a two size down pulley, ported and polished throttle body, carbon fiber intake, gauge pod and taillights imported from Oz, full exhaust (JBA shorties and high flow cats, custom catback), built torque converter, spoiler delete, carbon fiber hood for a bit (because stocker was damaged by some jerk's hitch at work), 05+ rear conversion, and custom tuning by Magnaflow (by their chief engineer in their dyno cell).  The last time it was on the dyno with me it was over 480whp, but that was before the intake and TB work. Through the 4L60E it was just over 600bhp.   




 [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/Ey7CMCE.jpg) 




 I figured the strut clearance thing would be an issue given the springs vice coilovers...I think most folks running that wheel are on coilovers.  Also I wasn't talking about the poke (how far the wheel sticks out) but stretch (how the tire doesn't go all the way to the edge of the rim).  I ran 245s on 8 inch wide rims on my GTO back in the day.

Enjoy your ride :) 




 That's funny - I just read through your build yesterday.  I like the new wheels.  I would've gone with narrower (or wider tires) as I'm not a big fan of the stretched look, but to each their own. 




 This makes me sick, and incredibly sad.  To do everything right and honorably and to have it torn away... :( 




 Well, I'm all out of ass chew today son.  So you've just graduated to peelin' potatoes. 




 His head!  It's on backwards!  Dammit, Snotty! 




 He said he used a whole box of Band-Aids....So, to be fair, it could've just been one REALLY bad cut.  :D 




 I dunno, I think their opinions of happy little trees might differ a tad... 




 He clearly seems to turn to ash in the video vice Gault vanishing in the flash almost immediately thereafter 




 [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/rNkBph7.jpg) 




 Yes, Mars...Stunning deduction, what with the multiple suns and all... 




 http://www.fda.gov/Food/GuidanceRegulation/GuidanceDocumentsRegulatoryInformation/LabelingNutrition/ucm064916.htm 




 I believe you are incorrect.

http://consumerist.com/2011/06/28/new-fee-lets-you-break-verizon-contract-without-early-termination-fee/

The pertinent language is still in the customer agreement as well.

http://www.verizonwireless.com/b2c/support/customer-agreement

"If you're a Postpay customer and a change to your Plan or this agreement has a material adverse effect on you, you can cancel the line of Service that has been affected within 60 days of receiving the notice with no early termination fee." 




 Oh thank gawd...I was beginning to feel like the only adult in here, reading through these posts. 




 You are aware some people own entire buildings, right?  We call them houses... 




 Hey, good to meet you.  Been watching your vids for a while now. 




 Been using that app for years.  Started with a real HP48GX back in 8th/9th grade. 




 I do, but, I have not and will not ever patronize Chick-Fil-A.  They can burn in whatever hell they believe in, the bigots. 




 Yes, it's true I made the assumption OP has an SD card.  And since they can very easily be obtained at most any store in many varying capacities, starting at around $10 or less, there's no real reason not to have one... 




 Are you running the correct version of CM for your device?  Status 7 means that the ROM's scripts don't match your device ID. 




 Pull your SD, download ROM to it.  Put back in your phone, turn phone on by holding power and vol down at the same time.  Keep holding both down until you get a screen with an option for factory reset.  Select reset, yes; it will boot into recovery.  Flash away. 




 Best pen I ever owned was from the lefthanded store in San Fran Pier 39...ceramic Kyocera.  Lost it a few months ago tho :( 




 I am a male.
I am a bisexual.
I am an engineer.
I am a motorcyclist.
I am a pet haver.
I am my girlfriend's boyfriend.
I am left handed.
I am blue eyed.
I am caucasian.
I am a home sapiens sapiens.
I am a resident of Maryland.
I am an atheist.
I am an INTJ.
I am more than a few words on your screen...I am me. 




 I make my living making things that make other things go away.  In a ball of fire and flaming debris.  Sometimes it's pretty awesome. 




 Every damn desk is backwards.  You tell me. 




 Pens. 




 An LED and a coin cell battery, more than likely.  ;) 




 My plan is for the P-Tuning EL header and one of their full header back 3" V-band exhaust systems.  I want to talk to them about getting it single exit only...you can optionally remove the right side pipe but I'd rather it were setup as a single only as I have a CFRP cover on the right hand side exit location. 




 I want the fastest most efficient phone.  I couldn't care less about the camera.  That said, as soon as more Raw camera apps are available the choice for Lollipop will be..well, it won't be a choice. 




 I've got an OFT as well but just a track pipe as far as exhaust goes.  Intake pipe, filter, strut bar, master cylinder brace, lithium battery, spare tire deleted and different tires are about the size of it for me right now.  Lighter is better if my philosophy though I'm not a weight Nazi. 




 Run it empty, fill up, flash tune.  Details abound on ft86club. 




 What's your full exhaust configuration?  Also, any tuning? 




 Erm...Step (1) Root.  Step (2) Bootloader unlock.  Step (3) Install any of several different Lollipop builds over on XDA.  Step (4) Profit. 




 If they're from Chesapeake Beach why are they repping Charm City on Sound Cloud and Facebook? 




 Based on what I have read here, I'd say there is a strong possibility he likes you.  And also, since you used the "S" word...Introversion != Shy.

[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/kpkmR8M.png)

[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/R2XHc5k.jpg) 




 Watch this and you'll begin to understand.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kLwSrouI71U 




 Is that a plexi windshield or am I trippin? 




 Dunno...work fine for me?  Exact links I followed yesterday to do this. 




 Plot twist: guy taking the video vertically was actually the crazy one.  ;) 




 Streets ahead, brother. 




 http://forum.xda-developers.com/lg-g3/development/psa-stop-taking-ota-updates-update-t2909412

http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=57314271 postcount=102

You're welcome :)
 




 The PS AS3s rate better than a lot of summer tires and won't get you killed if it snows a little ;) 




 80 beautiful people with the courage to be themselves :) 




 They're all pretty much in the same place. Bluetooth is largely fully working; MMS is still being figured out; some have data issues on cellular (lose signal on reboot is fairly common)...For the average user none are really daily driver material yet.  For the power user they're all about the same.  I run CM12 myself but follow all the builds on XDA.  12/04 in my experience works better than 12/06 from a signal perspective but the camera i  12/06 seems to be better, as well as built-in Hotspot working in 12/06.  




 Bing! 




 I'm quite enjoying this game, I have to say. 




 I'm becoming a member of the population of a moderately sized Pacific island nation.  I'm quite confident of this fact; yes, I am. 




 All the people inhabiting this planet wish to control it for themselves. 




 The moment I read the title I heard these sounds in my head, lol. 




 Hunch; thought I made it clear with the "personally I think" bit there :) 




 I went through the whole list.  I recognized 7.  Which means I didn't recognize 93.  I live in the US.  Thing is though, being bi doesn't define me - it's just one aspect of me.  It's not my career and my life doesn't revolve around it.  I also don't really listen to music, spend time on Broadway or in art galleries, etc.  It's cool that some magazine that nine times out of 10 has straight people on the cover thinks they're important to society at large though. 




 Looks like he's taking after Garfield.

http://www.cafepress.com/+garfield_learning_by_osmosis_small_poster,402973041 




 Not to be contrary to you brother but there are different types of addiction, and games can absolutely be addictive.  Not that this is a scholarly pub or anything but there are details here:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Addiction 




 News post here: http://penny-arcade.com/news/post/2014/06/30/quantification

Comment here: http://penny-arcade.com/news/post/2014/06/30/screen-time

And finally, comic is here: http://www.penny-arcade.com/comic/2014/06/30/

EDIT: Relevant search terms were "Penny Arcade screen time" and results were in the first two links. 




 Personally I don't think they'll end up selling it; they will however allow it on the network if you get it from Google. 




 Why is Anthony Kiedis chasing the Dynamic Duo?  He must want to give it away give it away give it away now to them or something... 




 Am I the only person who doesn't live and die by "social networks"? 




 Agreed.  Can you post your alignment specs? 




 Pic? 




 I don't take it seriously, I just understand the context, that's all.  If you want to see people taking a show seriously, head over to r/interstellar.  Fanatics over there... 




 Referring to Meechum as a security guard is a pretty harsh way to trivialize that relationship and his job... 




 From out of nowhere?  Are we watching the same show?  There was so much sexual tension there it was ridiculous. 




 I see a build with today's date on it now.  invisiblek is the person who is responsible for official CM11 build so his builds of CM12 are likely to become the official one as well. 




 From invisiblek's site.  invisiblek.org 




 Not at the top level of the settings menu, no.  It it's buried somewhere I'm not aware of it. 




 Without a second thought.  If someone asked me to travel into space I'd be there in a heartbeat.   




 I don't think religious people are able to discuss religion objectively.  "Faith" renders them blind and deaf to criticism. 




 I'm sorry but please I have to ask you to expand on your thought that truth is obscure.  In what context? 




