 She's got *serious* issues. I suppose she deserves our sympathy for whatever abuse must have happened to her.  




 That's worse than prison food. Take my word for it.  




 i agree, and thanks for that.  yes, i use "impossible" to describe how it appeared to me, and a bit loosely.  true that it shouldn't be used to actually mean "impossible", you're right.  trying to get to a new level of understanding regarding nature, and beauty, and why the negative *seems* to be only in the domain of man.  tidal waves are beautiful and positive until they kill people, etc..... 









 yes, and we're going to have to finish off the close games.  most of these should be close at the end, and we're going to have to put them away, make free-throws, don't foul, attack the basket, all that. 




 In the world of words, atheism is often, maybe always, the flip-side of theism. But what were we when we were born?  Beliefs and belief systems shouldn't be reduced to categories and concepts. Yes it makes them easier to argue and discuss, but also obscures their real nature, thereby making discussion about them less simple, and tends to make it about words. The discussion can be fun and can continue for its own sake, but we aren't really talking about the real nature of belief.  

We should take it to another level and incorporate this in the discussion, instead of remaining in the world of abstractions.  




 Your vote doesnt really matter. If it did it would be illegal. 

Have we really had any real choice these last elections anyway? Not much. 

You can vote with your wallet for one corporation or another.  




 You are refuting (successfully or not) his points, but aren't venturing into the real argument at all.  Perhaps make a positive point of your own regarding the OP.  It is relatively easy to argue semantics and logic and abstractions when one only seeks to rebut the claims of others in the very limited medium of reddit. 

This is only a suggestion.  




 Because they think it is a hard science. 

They see it as a mechanism and not an organism. 

And they are connected to the government.  




 Look at most governments if the world, including the US. Is that really what you see?  "Theoretically bound" only means shrouded in secrecy, lies, and politics. Governments actually steal and kill *far, far more* than any other entity or organization. 

Also, are you really saying that corporations dont own the US government?  Why no prosecutions of banksters, only billions in bailouts? 




 And it assumes rational economists.  




 it says he's a wealthy insurance executive. I'm sure if somebody looked into it they'd find he donated to the police union at some point.  money is the only reason for this.

EDIT: no, i didn't read the whole article where, i guess this is made obvious 




 iTunes went to shit when Steve Jobs died. Everything they've done since is making it worse. If it's not boke, don't fix it! 




 I don't know about Williams, but I'm not *unsold* on Cooper.  For this reason primarily:  Cooper would allow Carr to realize a far greater potential.  Carr has all this ability that is untapped because of the offense around him (and the play calling last year).  We would get more value from Cooper because there would be so much offensive synergy with Carr that we wouldn't get with Williams. 




 That's just going to make them hate us even more. 




 Scared, depressed.....*and bored*. 




 Why couldn't he do that in 2009? 









 it's not just the city.  i hiked up to the top of Angels Landing in Zion NP a couple weeks ago.  it was like spring break up there.  about 80 obnoxious college kids saying the stupidest stuff, lowest common denominator frat house kind of stuff.  they were all around me on this narrow piece of rock amidst a beautiful setting.  it was impossible for me to accept that their nature was one with the nature i was in.  everything about them disrespected nature and their fellow hikers.  i still haven't been able to reconcile this at all - that is, reconcile the nastiness and lowness of some people with the purity and beauty and simplicity and integrity of the non-human world. 




 Taoism doesn't involve "ideals", but I know what you mean. 




 No one ever said it was an answer, and most would call it a song. 




 Exactly.  [Here is a good lecture on the subject.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4oyyXC5IzEE noredirect=1)  None of the proponents for it in the above comments can say *why* it is such an important tool or rule of thumb, even though they readily acknowledge it shouldn't be overused, etc. 




 lame 




 Not good.  When will these developers get a clue and stop hiring her?  In 10-15 years the regret will sink in. 




 nothing has inherent value. not gold, not money, not architecture. also, there is a difference between architecture and building. but there are definitely different types of subjective value and potential subjective value. the investment in real estate is an investment in a real thing. whereas investment in something like education isnt quite as real. tangible is probably a better word than real. buildings are shelter. shelter is one of man's primary needs. therefore buildings have a value to man. but if there are too many buildings, they might be less valuable. but it is not inherent value. it is still subjective value that is given it by people.  




 charles baudelaire
the beats 




 i appreciate that. ive been a christian most of my life but now dont believe it anymore. im a big fan of soren kierkegaard. but god is just beyond reach. as if he isnt even there.  




 ok thats good to hear. bloodline got more tense and suspenseful as it went on too.  




 reminds me of the road to the future (never-never land, nowhere, where ever) in Obama's 'O' logo. 




 Thanks.  Yes, I started to watch Damages, but the NYC aspect was exactly what kind of put me off.  Some humanity gets lost in simply setting it there instead of the Keys or somewhere with more character.  I'll probably give it another try though.  Bloodline set a high bar. 




 Why do they need to wait a couple days to interview him?  So everyone has time to coordinate the story, and find out what the public and witnesses saw, etc.? 









 Yeah, I know.  I remember how that first hit me as well.  Love that poem. 




 Baudelaire's "[Eyes of the Poor](http://www.iub.edu/~paris10/ParisOSS/D3Haussmann/d2baudelairepoor.htm)" is a very INTJ prose-poem.  The Cure made a song out of it called "How Beautiful You Are". 




 Was going to say the exact same thing. 

And don't let other people have any control of your happiness. I know it is not that easy, but with time you will no doubt get there.

 




 yes. i like the unpredictability of it all and how it seemed to surprise even john. but im sad that danny is dead. he was the best. but kevin has actually been freaking excellent in my opinion too.  




 wondering if it is as good as bloodline was, and worth the time to watch it.  




 because we understand ideas so well. we can clearly tell people about them. 

because we are autodidacts for the most part, we have really, really learned. i think this makes is better teachers too. 

we dont care as much about the execution, the practical, making it happen, so we sometimes dont see fruition for ourselves.  




 Bob Dylan's music (the lyrics are definitely poetry) has had a huge impact on my life.  




 
Charles Baudelaire - Elevation

Above the lakes, above the vales,
The mountains and the woods, the clouds, the seas,
Beyond the sun, beyond the ether,
Beyond the confines of the starry spheres,
My soul, you move with ease, 
And like a strong swimmer in rapture in the wave 
You wing your way blithely through boundless space 
With virile joy unspeakable.
Fly far, far away from this baneful miasma 
And purify yourself in the celestial air, 
Drink the ethereal fire of those limpid regions 
As you would the purest of heavenly nectars.
Beyond the vast sorrows and all the vexations
That weigh upon our lives and obscure our vision,
Happy is he who can with his vigorous wing
Soar up towards those fields luminous and serene,
He whose thoughts, like skylarks,
Toward the morning sky take flight
 Who hovers over life and understands with ease
The language of flowers and silent things! 




 2012-13.  




 Yeah, I was surprised he didn't mention facebook, where everyone is hyper-happy and nothing but smiles are allowed. 




 Don't feel bad about it though. 




 Well, tell us, what is the other side?  You're picking a very bad example with which to make your point.  In fact, it doesn't even count as an example. 




 Right, it has to do with time, change, growth, life/death, etc. 




 So it's now news when a cop *doesn't* assault or kill someone. 




 There is a false idea that INTJs aren't emotional, and this gets perpetuated.  INTJs start to see themselves as, and identify with, how they think others see them.  This is bogus.  The wiki on INTJs even states that we are one of the most sensitive of the types.  We don't wear it on our sleeves, however. 




  because I believe the Bible is inspired by God

Seems to be circular reasoning.  That you are a Christian because you believe, and vice versa.

What is the nature of God?  Does it/he have a nature or is it more of a concept?  If he has a nature and character, is it that described in the Bible?  If so, why is his love not really anything like that described?  That is, love should be immediate and demonstrable, not mysterious and conditional, especially the love of the great Father, God. 









 No, he was an accessory.   




 this same defense is tried and true for killer cops.  johannes mehserle said the same thing when he shot the guy on the subway platform in oakland years ago. 




 all their faces are blocked with white squares.  do the bad guys get black squares? 




 The side that destroyed the artifacts.  The other side was the artifacts. 




 A couple years ago we had pretty much the best bench in the league. 




 Just get a new book and light it on fire.  




 "puts police in an impossible situation" = the gift that keeps on giving to the police-prison system, perpetual money and jobs for everyone. 




 chelsea had a couple if the most insightful lines too. one was, "as soon as you give someone else control of your happiness, you're fucked."  and she had another good one about not trying to change people.  




 we got the message without them having to show it. didnt need it. 

we got a ten second look at dannys boy and learned all we needed to about their relationship. effeciency is good and the audience dont need to be spoon fed.  




 i was sick when john killed him. a movie/tv show hasnt made me that sad since Barnes killed Elias in Platoon.  




 yep absolutely freaking perfect.  




 Yes and Carlos is still loose. Though John threatened to kill him if he came back.  




 i like kevin too. thought his acting incredible. but all the kids were excellent.  




 i put this way above sopranos. and even above breaking bad. the last four episodes were non stop suspense. acting and writing were virtually perfect. and i loved breaking bad.  




 your first one is a damn good theory.  




 yeah dont be fooled. what danny says and what danny does are two different things.  




 yes, i think so. he wanted john to live with the guilt of having killed someone, just like he did (even though he didnt kill sarah, he was blamed.) 




 what id like to know is who was going through the envelopes of money. we dont see their face. it looked like a woman's hands. then the paper is found with 'john rayburn' written on it.  




 i thought it was danny's son. around to torment the rayburns for another series. along with potts. 

but then why the rayburn hotel shirt? that was meant to tell us it was carlos, no? 




 i would recommend NOT reading it. i did. it was a joke. found it to be totally pretentious and definitely written by someone who doesnt know architecture like he wants us to think he does. didnt get anything more from it - literally.  




 That chain link fence probably saved him, *and* the video, from the cops.  




 What, is the police union money not enough?! 




 Oh ok. 




 What does that mean? 

















































 ....Unless you are a crack baby born to a prostitute and chained in a basement for decades.  

"God" isn't shorthand for "the cause", or the "unexplainable other" - at least as he describes himself in the Bible.  You'll notice that most people find sunsets beautiful, when they see them.  For another person to come along and state that that person is really talking about God, whether they know it or not, is quite a leap.  Certainly God wouldn't count this as a declaration of faith, and grant him salvation and eternal life, and why not?

Etc.

We each need to ask ourselves who/what/where is God *for me*.  Not what does CS Lewis or Pascal or Aquinas or Dawkins say, but *what do I say*.  There are arguments for God, but they aren't anything close to personal manifestations of God.  We don't, and shouldn't, need a book or a text or a tradition or an institution to bring us to God.  In fact, this common and strong tendency for conflation might be a clue as to whether he is there or not.  The medium isn't the message.  Nor is faith itself to be confused with faith *in something*.  Faith in what?  Faith itself?  The unknown?

For starters, let's look at his claims in the Bible of who he is:  among these, a loving father.  If I loved my kids as he appears to love me, my kids would A. Not know me (but they must have faith, because that's how I set up the rules, just because) B. Be estranged from me (but I love them mysteriously, at a distance, in ways they can't comprehend, mostly because they sin so much, and because I'm so much *greater* than them, and beyond their comprehension)  I won't try to make myself known, or make them experience my love in a way they can't deny, *even though I'm their father*, and this would be easy, if not automatic, for me. C. Probably develop and antipathy toward me.  And this is a real, earthly father, someone they can see and talk to directly! 




 haha. good one! 




 the most extreme would be the day when i was 21, and for no apparent reason i didnt believe there was a god anymore. it happened so fast and was so undeniable and came from some other place - maybe from everywhere. that is, not from my surroundings or my consciousness. it shook me. i dont know what prompted it but will never forget it. nothing like it has happened before or since.  




 this is the "glory of god" that we only experience through faith? that is, it is only there if you believe in it. that is, it may not be there and if it is, it must not be that glorious. 

no one is trying to diminish god's glory anyway. besides, to me it is about whether he exists or not. how much glory he has is a triviality.  




 strange. it was on the guardian's front page today.  



















 Don't take a scholar's word for it. Read it yourself. 

It is anything but a political book.  




 This isnt about how to govern. It is about all the bad things that happen due to the delusion of government.  




 General Ts'ao's rule over the state of Ch'i in about 200 BC. His chief advisor was a philospher and follower of Lao Tzu. He advised him to do nothing, and the people flourished under his "rule".  Alan Watts addresses this toward the end of "The Watercourse Way".  




 Yes, something like teaching by example even. The best learning is deeper and more unconscious than the direct transfer and/or memorization of concepts. 

Ive been lately struggling with this same stuff. Hiked up to Angels Landing in Zion National Park a couple weeks ago. Was surrounded by dozens of college kids on spring break, and one large church group of college kids. They had absolutely zero regard for their fellow hiker and zero appreciation of the beauty around them. Extremely annoying and obnoxious. To me there seemed such a chasm betwen the nature I was in and the nature of these people around me.  Was trying to find compassion, without condescension or arrogance. Couldnt find compassion at all. Or even understanding.  









 ....and that you are not a farmer.  









 i made my point long ago.  all you do is misdirect.  that's not hip. 









 go flip yourself. 




 ....and HIGH taxes. 




 
im talking only about your endorsement of peer pressure as a method.  




 scientology is one of those things where a "by any means necessary" approach isn't that necessary.  if you're on the inside, you've drunk the kool-aid. 

what i was getting at is that trying to get people to do things because it "isn't cool" is actually counter productive.  it encourages herd mentality, people behaving like frat boys (as the police do).  the right thing to do is often *not* what is hip. 




 one should explain to another the reasons why they should lose and idea, based on substance, not by telling them it isn't hip or whatever. 




 you need to lose this idea that "hip" is better than unhip. think for yourself. who cares what others think is cool? that's just another type of cult behavior.  




 i dont like scientology either. but you are encouraging a herd mentality and not trusting people to think for themselves. you are saying that making something cool or shameful is a good way to achieve a desired behavior. 

this is in fact something that promotes cult behavior in the first place: people doing something for acceptance, because it is cool, or to avoid shaming or ridicule. people need to think rationally for themselves, whether the herd is with them or not. rational, sensible, substantive arguments should be made in an environment that welcomes it. 

otherwise, you are just promoting a "good cult" to take the place of a "bad cult": "you aren't "hip" because you dont believe X Y and Z like the we do". THIS is what the world doesnt need.  




 Tough one. Between Bo Jackson, Lawrence Taylor, and Randy Moss for me.  




 Merrill and his big tie knot drive me nuts, but he is right a lot.  




 The Republicans only claim to be for limited government. And it turns out they are only talking about domestic policy. Outside our borders they are for unlimited government (theft and waste).  The left is just the other side of this coin- no better.  




 This is one of the funniest comment threads Ive ever seen on reddit.  




 Constantly. 




 More anarchist. 




 Smoke a Joyo de Nicaragua cigar, while taking a walk. 









 Thanks for improving the title and adding "knife-wielding", not giving us click-bait. 




 My friend's parents are named Bill and Marilyn? 









 Check out the movie "Harry Dean Stanton: Partly Fiction" on Netflix. He drops a lots of Taoism throughout. Numerous clips are also on youtube.  




 Yeah, you mentioned that already....a couple times.  




 You could have said that at the beginning and saved us some time.  Or just not said anything at all. 




 [or you could always just google it yourself](https://www.google.com/search?q=dollar+since+1913 safe=off espv=2 biw=1386 bih=719 source=lnms tbm=isch sa=X ei=H3AcVc-qNs21oQSVxIK4Cg ved=0CAYQ_AUoAQ#safe=off tbm=isch q=dollar+since+1913 imgdii=_)
 




 It was posted on this subreddit a couple days ago. The link was removed, but in the comments are some torrent links to download. I did this and watched it.

 




 It was posted on this subreddit a couple days ago.  The link was removed, but in the comments are some torrent links to download.  I did this and watched it. 




 So you think it is obvious that Andy Goldworthy's art is just "nature stuff" and "autumn leaves", and nothing more.  You are caricaturing my post, and reducing it (I actually didn't say anything specifically about what makes it Taoist) to "the obvious".  Your problem with people stating the obvious is actually a problem you have with yourself repackaging and reducing something you think you see to be "the obvious".  *There are innumerable aspects of depth and variation and complexity to Goldsworthy's art.  This goes without saying.  This is pointing out the truly obvious - which you are either denying or are ignorant of.*

You imply that I'm missing how Taoism applies to our daily lives.  Actually, I'm expanding our realization of how Taoism applies to our daily lives.  Further, I can't cover everything in just one post.  I'll get to the rest of our daily lives eventually.

Your own comments argue against themselves and waste peoples' time. 




 I hadn't thought of that.  I see a lot of yin yang.  Gradients, play between artificial and natural.  Also, addresses temporality and change and growth, life and death; and some play with the "uncarved block" and the "watercourse way".  Among other things. 




 How generous?  As generosity increases does desire to work increase as well?  Or only up to a point (say, $1,000/hour), after which desire to work then decreases? 




 "Remarkably stable"?  The dollar has only lost 96% of it's value in the 102 years since the Fed was created. 




 nicholson lived up at mulholland drive. maybe four miles or more away. why would he also have lived near the playboy mansion? article doesnt say where this other house was supposed to be. bad reporting.    




 no.  we're talking past each other.  you seem to always revert to something like: "everything is taoist."  

the banner to this subreddit needs to state that we all know the tao that is spoken is not the true tao, but we are going to speak anyway - just as lao tzu and chuang tzu did....  that that is the starting point.  otherwise you get these feedback loops like we are in now, when commenters like you keep repeating this mantra.  i wonder what your point is and why you even bother with this subreddit. 




 i dont disagree much at all with that.  only, to me, some things are more taoist and others less taoist- but only in our perception/conception of them. for instance, some books are very taoist, some explicitly so. other books are very non/un-taoist- books about scientology, for instance. though they think they are different and have a certain view, they actually cant help but adhere to the taoist principles, as you say. i suppose, then, that i mean the un taoist stuff wrongly views itself a certain way, when it cant help but be taoist. the disharmony comes only in this misconception and not in the actuality of the thing itself. this is why taoism is so refreshing: people find it was there along along. so i think a lot of art and literature is neutral on the matter, but goldsworthy's work struck me to be especially expressing ghe yin yang in a unique way. also growth, time, change, flow. one could potentially draw parallels to the watercourse way and the uncarved block, but id be careful there. 

if that makes sense. im in a hurry... 




 ive been an a's fan since the late 80's. those great years. not a warriors fan though (clippers).  




 i really appreciate that. and quite agree with you. especially about over-application of the word tao, etc. 




 What are we even talking about then? This subreddit should be called "everything". 'The Tao of Poo' should be called 'The Tao of Pooh and Daffy Duck and Tracy Emin and Everything Else". 

People who come on this subreddit and pretend they are wise and adding to a discussion by saying "the Tao is everything" need to get a clue. 




 Right, Taoism is in everything.  

What about what Goldsworthy *does* with the nature stuff?   




 The Way would necessarily include art and the making of art - and the experience and perception of art.  Art is about a lot more than just aesthetics, and really doesn't even have to have aesthetic qualities, per se.  (I would argue that *good* art does, but that's another story.) 




 The NSA/FBI/Obama/CIA aren't going to like that. 




 No, it is not just nature and a bunch of circles.  For one, nature doesn't do those kinds of things without the hand of man involved (yeah, I know man is nature too). I could write a whole page on the Taoist aspects of this, but something tells me it would be a waste of time.  









 ha! 




 i have had the same thing with my ENFP/J girlfriend. i was using he word "autonomy" a lot, to no avail. she didnt want to give me space or time. was somewhat possessive and controlling. but like you, i would feel very drained at times and unable to recharge. i dont understand why some people cant handle the autonomy of another. fear of this or that i suppose.  




 im not about to read all that. for you to even care that much what i think is looney.  




 All the definitions (that I've come across) of co-dependency seem overly complex and/or overly vague.  Can anyone give me, or point me to, a concise and clear and thorough definition of co-dependency?  Thanks! 




 Successful compared to what?  The landing of the Hindenberg? 




 yeah, diplomacy game.  exactly.  all to hide the corruption that goes on there.  

further, you pose a false choice:  either the UN or war?  how about nothing, no war *and* no UN.   




 some people make a religion out of skiing.  




 i would first read alan watts "tao - the watercourse way". he is a gifted writer, explains taoism extremely well. there is a free version on scribd. it is the best intro book by far, in my opinion. 

also listen to his "philosophy of taoism" lectures on youtube.  




 not enforced in california.  




 ha. yeah, or "it was a fumble". 




 Welcome to the religion of NdGT. Downvote this comment to proclaim your faith! 




 i wouldnt listen to it at all, probably. 




 i cant listen to it. i like tbone but dont think this does justice to dylan.  




 You gotta read Ken Kesey's classic: One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest

The movie was incredible too. 




 INTJ 









 sure, but it now seems you could be trying to overwhelm me with info and links, etc.  we are all speaking the same language.  truth is supposed to be simple. 




 im still on vacation and will get to these when finished.  i generally think this sort of scientific and apparently thorough approach doesnt get SK and what he said on a very basic level. but i hope to take a closer look later.  

in short: the immediate is unmediated. and what is on the other side of the chasm (the one some say they leap across) is absolutely unknown, if the chasm even exists.... 




 exactly 




 he runs circles arounds us all.  i read the first 3 of OP's objections/replies and found them to be thoroughly lacking, not convincing in the least. the first was a total non sequitur. in fact, they convince/remind me of the strength, depth, and profundity of SK more than anything.  




 how do we know it is irrational? how do we know anything on the other side of the leap - especially if we havent taken it yet? with our rational minds? 




 yeah, a great self-serving *political* strategy. 




 finally got around to it.... 














 All those who thought otherwise were branded 'Vitamin D skeptics', shamed for daring to doubt "science", not given tenure, and ridiculed on social media.  




