 Why would all the court officers leave these people alone in a room? 









 What advice would you give to identify the good ones? 




 And thank you for yours. It is nice to have a civil discussion about a serious issue. 




 I do think it is a little funny that you mention the monetary interest because I am a public defender at the moment in a jurisdiction that pays me a salary, not based on the number of cases I have. In other words it is not in my interest to have more cases or more clients. Not all advice from attorneys comes from their interest in being paid. Unfortunately, there are many attorneys whose advice is based upon how much money they can make. It is something that sickens me.

Obviously, I do not know where you were an officer but unfortunately my experience has not been the same as yours. I wish what you said about officer discretion working in the public's favor most of the time was true in my jurisdiction. I do not think it is. 




 While I do understand where you are coming from I stand by my original advice. Having those charges dropped or reduced could just as easily have occurred after you receive an attorney without any chance of incriminating yourself even unknowingly. If a person is innocent then having an attorney can go a long way to showing that. The risk of saying the wrong thing even if you did not do it is too high. Like you said there are innocent people who are convicted of crimes based on speaking with the police. 




 I am a criminal defense attorney. Please stop talking to the police when you are suspected of a crime, brought in for questioning, etc. The police may make promises to you, they may lie to you, and they may pretend to be your best friend. They are not your friends, they can break promises, and they legally can lie. You are not going to be able to talk your way out of it. Ask for an attorney and then remain silent. It never ceases to amaze me how many of my clients confess their hearts out the police or give information that hurts their cases. It is one of the few things TV and movies have correct; talking to the police will hurt your defense. 




 What is your job? Choose one piece of advice based on it. Why is that advice important? 




 People like this always amaze me. He was pro-police and took pictures of them doing things to other people with no problem but now that it effects him he sees the truth. 




 Race came into play because the all white (or almost all white) privileged lacrosse team was accused of raping a poor black woman and calling her racial slurs. The DA used this to stir up racial tension in order to win the black community's vote to get reelected. He was later disbarred as a direct result of how he handled this case. Race played a major part in the case.

I personally do not think the ad went far enough to be considered defamatory under the law but it is not exactly as clear cut as you portray it. This line in particular sticks out to me: "These students are shouting and whispering about what happened to this young woman and to themselves." It clearly implies that something bad happened to her and less specifically indicating the crime committed against her. Some people were actually accused of this so to say that it happened is to say that the charges are against them are at least partially true. We now know beyond a reasonable doubt that the accusations were a complete fabrication.

The ad was also a timing issue. These professors chose to exploit this situation as if it absolutely happened. And some of them were also proven to have made statements and taken actions well beyond the ad which led many to believe that reading the ad in the most negative light was appropriate. For example, one of the professors failing two of the lacrosse students without good [cause](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Group_of_88#Duke_students_and_faculty). 

To say that this was not related to the lacrosse players and the rape charges is to ignore the context this ad appeared in. While again I do not think it rises to the level of defamation I absolutely believed this was aimed at the lacrosse players and ignored innocent until proven guilty. There was an assumption that the woman's story was true and it clearly was not. 




 [Here](http://today.duke.edu/showcase/mmedia/pdf/socialdisasterad.pdf) (PDF) is a link. 




 I was speaking more in generalities that making false statements about a group or business can still be considered defamation. I haven't looked at the actual advertisement the professors took out in many years. I just reread it [now](http://today.duke.edu/showcase/mmedia/pdf/socialdisasterad.pdf) (PDF). It is arguable that parts of it falsely implied that the lacrosse players were perpetrators of a crime. It would have be an interesting case. 




 While you cannot successfully be sued for "condemning" a company you can absolutely be sued for defamation by them if you were to make false accusations about them. Defamation applies to businesses as well as individuals and before this becomes an issue, this has been true well before the Citizens United decision. 




 Yeah calling someone a racial slur is equivalent to being slandered across the country with a false rape accusation, being charged with rape, and facing the possibility of years in prison. Completely fair. 




 A lawsuit is different than criminal charges. You do not have to commit a crime in order to be successfully sued. I do not remember the specifics of the petition but if it wrongfully accused the players of crimes they did not actually commit (which I think it did) then a lawsuit for defamation is more than appropriate. 




 This is why it is so terrible that prosecutors have immunity. We will not see true justice done until that protection is removed. 




 The New York Daily News is not usually considered a right-leaning newspaper unlike the New York Post. The Post is also more well known for their sensationalistic and sometimes humorous headlines. But both papers tend to do whatever convinces people to buy their slowly dying medium. 




