 Well...if I read them, I might have a response. But I don't read them, because they would ABSOLUTELY influence my future writing, and I don't want that.

I have some rules of writing that I go by. Rule #1 says "Write something you would want to read." It does not say, "Write something that every Tom, Dick, and Sally would want to read." I think when you try to please everyone, you end up with weird, homogenized BS that NO ONE wants to read, least of all me. And I REALLY don't want to fall into that trap of trying to please everyone.

Glad you liked it! 




 I personally don't see how an e-book can be more expensive than a print book. I thought my original $3.99-4.99 price point was pretty fair. But apparently not everyone agrees. If I could return it to the original price point, I would. It's certainly been a point of contention with some of the fans, which I hate. I just want people to enjoy reading my books. Not feel like they're being nickel and dimed. 




 Oh, Ive got advice out the ass when it comes to self-publishing. But, not everything that worked for person A is going to work for person B, so take it with the necessary grains of salt. That being said, Kindle Direct Publishing was incredibly easy to do. I cant speak to any other self-publishing avenues, because I never used any others. As far as KDP goes, if you can upload something to the internet, you can self-publish your book. The single biggest thing that I think helped me out was to establish a readership BEFORE I self-published. Theres just so much content out there right now that simply publishing a book onto Amazon probably isnt going to do much for you, or at least it will take a good long time to get going. What I did, and what a lot of other successful self-published authors have done, was to serialize it in some form or another and distribute it for free, then move forward with publishing it after a readership has already been established.

I actually got an agent because I was receiving so many offers from different audiobook companies and foreign rights subsidiaries. I just had no idea what to do. Also, at the time, I was getting a LOT of requests from people to have the book put into print, so once I had the agent, we both decided to float it out to some publishers to see if there was any interest, and the rest is history. The transition? Wellits painful to relinquish control over something that youve had complete and total control over. So I would say it was painful. Probably, mostly for me, although maybe also for poor ol Will Hinton over at Orbit because I feel like I argued over every comma. Probably gave the guy heartburn. Sorry, Will.
 




