 Gurps is an RPG without seatbelts. It's possible for any player to derail the game through any number of ways.  




 Be interesting to see what impact this has on the situation there. 




 Well the question to ask is: without bombing civilian targets, would the war have lasted longer and cost even more lives? Or, perhaps more difficult: would bombing *this or that* civilian target have shortened the war? 

I just don't know the answer to that, sadly. 




 captive piston ammunition has always kind of fascinated me. It's such an interesting concept.  




 How many times can you go to the same well, with the same bucket, and get the same water, and pass it off as amazing? 

I dunno that the premise of scream would necessarily make a great one for a TV show, unless it was almost like a police procedural or something. 




 People sobbing and moaning today about a few people killed in a drone strike have no clue how we used to incinerate entire cities just to slow down military production.  




 Yeah cause a giant monument is totally the same thing as a book, right? 

The lengths people go to defend their racist, traitorous bullshit is absolutely fucking astounding to me.  




 Yep. They eat an *enormous* amount of bird species and put tremendous pressure on them. Neuter and release programs do nothing about that problem; they just make people feel better. 









 Very peculiar. If he genuinely did not get to the high school then that'd indicate an abduction took place between his house and the school - a difficult scenario to imagine at that hour of the day and with a healthy 19 year old male. 

My best guess would be that someone who knew him (or at least, that he knew of in some way) got him, considering time of day and all. Maybe they stopped to offer him a ride to the school and something just went south from there. 




 The only thing i can say with certainty looking at that thing, is that it is ugly as the day is long. Reminds me of a puffin or something. 




 Korea is a pretty messed up place in a lot of ways.  




 i don't see a collar on it, it was roaming around someone's back yard. That sounds feral to me.  




 I'd believe it. They certainly did me - i'll probably never vote republican again, unless things *significantly* change. 




 No doubt, right? I mean at least robin was with someone who was non-lethal; i don't recall captain america being particularly non-lethal in how he dealt with people.  




 I'm *continually* baffled by people who are like "oh man feral cats deserve love!" - their fuckin' feral cats! They kill birds, they kill small wildlife, their a blight on neighborhoods.  




 I'm reading my way through "I could love you if you let me" on archiveofourown and i already liked the pairing but now i'm in love with it and i am now *incredibly* excited.  




 Bucky looks like a little kid. That's kind of disturbing in it's own right. 




 I strongly suspect this thing will never get (hah!) very far off the ground with the military. The advantages it brings aren't worth the cost, maintenance, and training issues it has. Not to mention, i'm not sure where something like this would even fit, doctrine-wise. 




 Well, see, when you are REALLY GOOD with a hammer, suddenly every problem is a nail that no one's understood is a nail yet. 




 I almost hope it's true. The thought of pro-lifers being forced into hiding and shame for fear of the judgement of their peers brings a smile to my face. 




 It's so inexplicable that i felt it kind of elevated itself to being news. Most animal abuse cases don't involve multiple animals or this level of mutilation.

Whoever did this is very sick and needs to be found quickly. 









 Pretty awesome, i wonder if it'd be able to save updates to the drive at some point? 




 That was actually the variety of conservatism i grew up with. The people i was around genuinely did not care about who married who or what church someone went to. The idea of imposing religious and moral values onto people was just not something they were into.

No clue what happened to those guys.  









 "It's a fucking meat grinder. People go in one end, and meat comes out the other. All we do is turn the handle. " - Judge Lex, Dredd 









 I've always viewed feral cats as a serious problem that should be dealt with on the harshest terms. If people love their cats - great, get'em neutered and keep'em inside. 




 I think it's under-rated. It's about 8 times as good as the poltergeist remake, at least. 




 "it's about time" also leapt to mind. I don't know why there'd even be such an exemption. 




 it's for sure pretty tasteless. 









 That's how i feel about it. Feral cats are vermin and keeping their numbers down is a responsibility that we, as humans, have.  




 that's impressive, i like that. 




 [A more information-full story about the incident itself from when ti happened.](http://www.cnn.com/2015/04/18/us/texas-veterinarian-facebook-cat-shot/) Includes a better picture of the cat shot - looks like she got it almost perfectly in the back of the head.

If i recall it was in her back yard, so it was at fairly close range - still, i mean from a technical stand point it was a pretty impressive shot. 









 This is a tragedy and an injustice. This monument to a traitor shouldn't be vandalized, it should be bulldozed into the dirt and something useful built on it's location. 









 Trust me, this is 100% the best time to be alive by an enormous margin.

[Check out just the year 1915](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1915) - World War I was kicking off (and people were dying by the droves), and it's only 3 years until the [1918 flu pandemic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1918_flu_pandemic) kicks off - and kills *3% to 6% of the entire fucking world*. 

No, anyone who tells you "oh man the 21st century is awful" just doesn't know history very well. 




 Yeah, that was pretty despair-inducing.  




 The advantage of any concealed weapon is that you need not necessarily be faster than the other guy; it's that he'll let his guard down (thinking you're unarmed) and you'll have a free shot at him because of this. 

In terms of effectiveness, sword canes are just not very good weapons. Even the super mallnina's at cold steel [have a hard time making them look effective.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EL0Y-GhU2Io)  




 I post a lot on /r/news but to me /r/morbidreality will always sort of be my "home" on reddit. The people here really are a cut above the rest in terms of thoughtfulness, consideration, and decency. 

Lots of people go through horrific abuse and never hurt another soul. Lots more go through horrific abuse and only ever do minor harm to anyone. Our lives aren't train tracks that we're stuck on until we derail; their more like a road that we can choose to go off of, difficult as it may be.  




 i 3 foster parents. I hope to one day be one, for troubled older kids.  




 One thing that always seems to surprise people is how long the wheels of justice actually take to reach their final destination. I'm just surprised it didn't take longer. 




 After a quick glance, i couldn't find anything on how the kid's doing. I'm assuming it's alive since no one got charged with murder, but that's a risky assumption in some ways. 




 WTF else would you call them? they are people who theorize about conspiracies. It'd be natural to call them "conspiracy theorists" (or perhaps "Conspiracy Speculators" or something).  




 these sorts of situations aren't unheard of - [The Glen Ridge](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glen_Ridge_rape) case comes to mind. 




 FPH was just a thinly veiled pro-ana site. And that some of the former users get so defensive about that tells me i'm on the right track with it. 









 it's almost like defense spending is horrifically inefficient and poorly managed.  




 I think that it's always possible for people to go to far with anything. 

On the other hand, if a case does not get media attention, does not get people involved, then it is very possible for it to simply fade into the background for years as new cases come up and leads dry up.

I think Natural Born Killers said it best: "The media is like the weather, only it's man-made weather." - and online sleuthing is certainly a type of media.  

As an aside, i'm both surprised that the Jessica Chambers case has gone unsolved this long, and that it's not much more popular in the media. She fits their ideal of a victim: young, blonde, american, pretty.  




 Since i didn't see it yet: Any situation where people are withholding large amounts of information/not answering questions/avoiding explaining things? Yeah, that's probably not going to work out well.

Another big one (and a related one) is one where people refuse to "get close" to you. If you move into an apartment or you start a job and *no one* is friendly? That's a red flag, they have a reason for acting like that, and it's probably not something you want to be around to learn about. 




 I'm just trying to envision something more awkward than playing a strategy game on a phone. 




 Some thoughts on each entry:

1. amusingly, clive barker's "Scarlet Gospels" have totally and utterly confused the issue of who pinhead is and what he wants.

2. Peter Watts did a great short story called "The Things" that talks about the mindset of the creature, and how it is, in truth, just doing what it does and isn't really evil per se. My own favorite theory is that the time in the ice gave it brain damage, and it was operating at a much reduced, bestial capacity; it's normal mode of operation must have been much higher, to build spaceships and all.

3. Dekker's kind of a mixed bag as a villian. On the one hand he's definitely evil, on the other hand that evil is serving a slightly greater good (for the moment, at least).

4. the Predator (or Yautja) are actually text-book evil to me. Their totally selfish, self-centered, and ignorant to the validity of other ways of living and other lives. 

5. Vampires have always been sort of the prototype "monster-victim". Their monsters, yes - but only because of circumstance. Of course, they can embrace their dark nature. One thing i liked about the Twilight franchise is that it shows two types of vampires: those that sort of accept this "gift" and fit in with humans as best they can, and those that just go full on psycho-dark.  




 well you know what they say - you want people to give a shit about your horrific murder, it helps to be pretty, blonde, female, and american. I doubt the people looking into it are going anywhere, regardless of likelihood of success.  




 fuckin' autocorrect. 




 I wish'em luck. My guess is their not going to uncover anything of note because whoever did this is obviously being protected by the people who know they did it.  




 my general attitude is that with modern technology, there is pretty much never a time that a high speed chase is the correct answer. The risks to bystanders are to high, the risk of harm to police and the suspect are to high, the risk of property damage is to high. If a suspect is of a mind to run, just let'em run and catch up with them later. 














 they also sell it the other way around.

Now, i'm not necessarily against brass-knuckle style handguards, but i gotta think a hammer's not the ideal place to put one. At all.  




 Sure, was kind of big news a few months ago:

[Article 1](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/01/us-usa-pennsylvania-chainsaw-idUSKBN0MS4WR20150401)

[Article 2](http://crimefeed.com/2015/04/pennsylvania-teen-comes-home-find-parents-mutilated-chainsaw-murder-suicide/) 

[Article 3](http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/chainsaw-murder-suicide-pa-man-hacks-wife-coroner-article-1.2170005) 




 For me it's all about family. The gods are a distant, unattainable sort of notion; my ancestors are something i can identify with.  




 i gotta say, i'm so jaded by sword canes that if i saw a person with a cane that was not obviously purely therapeutic, i would assume it was a sword cane.  




 /r/worldnews is fucking appalling. It's one of the very few subs i've considered unsubbing from because of how incredibly toxic and obnoxious the userbase is. 




 I used to hate /r/news content, so now i post the content i wish was being posted there. To moderate success. The problem isn't the users, it's the posters who post gigatons of shit-news about bullshit. 




 Life's about more than money. 




 That was my thought, too. I mean usually when i see something awful like this i figure the guy was blitzed out of his mind on meth or drunk or something. To know he was sober? That's just chilling. 




 I ain't sure i'd want to eat near a shooting range - i'd be concerned about lead contamination. 




 that you think the modern government has any bearing on why i think the confederates are scumbags says a great deal more about you than me. 














 It's pretty trippy to think about, because the comic acts like they've been together forever, even though in story time it's only been a few weeks at most. 




 Snowden's not a traitor. A traitor has to act with intent to harm the country or to aid our enemies. He didn't intend to harm the country, but merely to draw attention to it's policies.

I consider much of the actions of our intelligence agencies to be anti-american in nature, and certainly something that goes against our values as a country. 




 Bet those'll be collectors items soon. 









 Would i have memorials celebrating the lives and deeds of traitors against my country removed? Why yes, yes i would. Maybe i'd build a memorial on the site to the innocent people they killed for their own selfish reasons, instead. 









 I wish texas would secede, they could stop being a national embarrassment for us. 




 Damn straight Robert E. Lee is a traitor. That so many buildings bear his name is a shame. 

And certainly we were traitors to the throne of britain; I consider it a necessary and just betrayal, but a betrayal none the less. For that reason i'd not expect britain to build monuments to our great revolutionary war heroes, nor would i expect them to name buildings after them! Actually i gather that in the UK, the revolution is small potatoes because at that time in history britain was involved in a much larger conflict, and it was basically a footnote in that.  




 Found the guy with a traitor for a great-great grandfather. Do ya'll still own the plantation, or did you have to sell it off once you couldn't shore it up with slave labor anymore? 









 I wonder how much time in-universe has passed in 2 years real time - i bet it's not very long. 




 I just wonder what the daily life was like before this; were there any warning signs or was it just a gradual buildup until this happened? 




 indeed so, it was an absolutely unimaginable betrayal. Something on the order of *2%* of the entire country died during the war; it was a staggering and almost incomprehensible waste of life and potential. 

To do anything to honor or memorialize these traitors is disturbing and disgusting, and affront to all those who died because of their treachery.  




 But then who'll fleece tourists with the "we caught a snake and are going to kill it unless you buy it off us to set it free" gambit? 




 I think it's a boat-burning effort. By committing atrocities, they make it less likely governments will negotiate with their fighters to surrender, making it more likely they'll keep fighting instead. 









 I don't consider the vast majority of mass shootings to be terrorism, but i would say charleston fits the bill. He attacked civilians with the hope of achieving a political end (a race war, no less). That's practically terrorism defined.  




 A lifetime of therapy in his future, i'd think. Walking in on your dad stabbed to death by his own hand while your mother lays dead - that's not something that's going away. 




 Confederate soldiers were no more americans than a cockroach is an american. They were traitors who took up arms against their brothers - betrayers and thieves and brigands. Nothing more than that. 




 that's a tragedy. It should say something that emphasizes that the confederates were ignorant traitors and that building memorials to them is like building a memorial to the dog shit on your shoe.  









 No sweat, you might also be interested in [Opus Dei](https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=Opus_Dei) - their a large (92,000) member organization of particularly devoted catholics. Their known for their secrecy and strict rules. 




 i check most of them every few days, i suppose, if i don't just add them to my friend feed and constantly stay up to date. 




 I could see a few situations that might lead to it. One would be if the catholic church was, genuinely, threatened by some external force - perhaps if terrorists targeted many priests in europe and abroad. In that case the "crusade" might be in the form of guards for churches and priests, rather than a traditional one.

Another big one might be if a country launched an attack on the vatican, and (for whatever reason) the rest of the world refused to sanction them for it. A firebrand pope (or one who was deranged because of the attack) could call for it. 

It'd be a big (even huge) deal, and not something the church would take lightly, or that the world would sit idly by for. The only question would be if anyone cared enough to try and stop them (or if the risks of stopping them outweighed the likelyhood of further uprisings). 

Intriguingly, there are still a few knight orders left - the [Knights Hospitaller](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knights_Hospitaller) are still kicking around, along with [a few others](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Military_order_(monastic_society%29#List_of_military_orders) - they could see a resurgence (and rearming). 

As a side note, if a group as disordered as islam can have *several* on-going, persistent military operations, someone as organized as the catholic church could certainly manage one. 




 No more server busy errors, better integration with other types of media (email + google plus + youtube); probably we could start using google drive easily to host files, which might be pretty exciting; shared and collaboratively edited documents would be a godsend for places like /r/futurewhatif or /r/worldbuilding

I think it'd be a net postive, we'd lose some users but gain some users. 




 We'd have to make a few assumptions - the biggest one being he has some reason or motivation behind calling the crusade that's reasonably compelling. it's not just "hey let's roll" it's "because of these reasons, we must take up arms and defend Christendom itself!" 

People would answer. How many and of what quality i couldn't venture a guess, but people would answer. Probably enough to mount a fairly serious expedition somewhere; definitely enough to run a guerrilla war.

if they could get a country on board (say, brazil or italy) they could do some *serious* damage to someone. 

Either way, true believers will flock to such a cause, regardless of how crazy it might seem in hindsight. 




 It's kind of a big checkov's gun - i'm curious to see how it plays into things. She's got more knives on her than most people own!  




 Shit, why not build a statue of hitler? he killed less americans than that traitorous fuck Davis did.  




 A fucking weird case with a fucking weird conclusion. 














 when someone's legit to scummy for reddit, they should assess their fucking life choices. 




 As with so many who feel regret, he was ok at first but just took it a little to far - and that's when it punished him. 




 what could possibly go wrong with that plan. 




 if you can pull stuff out with hoppers, you could use this as a god-forsaken form of storage buffer... 




 rumor has it that when they fully reverse engineered and comprehended McAfee, six men went insane and another four were never able to look at a computer again. It was *that bad*.  




 I don't have any problem with the guy refusing service to anyone, provided he's up front about it. I mean i'd never shop there, but it's his store and he can do what he wants. 




 the entire friday the 13th TV series is about this very premise: they go around collecting cursed objects and containing them.  




 Cube came instantly to mind. 




 Looks like an awesome game! I'll have to give it a try, me and my partner are always looking for new coop games to play online; they seem a rarity. 




 someone could post news about nethack and some asshole would stroll in to say "not a roguelike" and then nope out again. Just the nature of the sub. 




 but then authors, publishers and distributors couldn't double-dip. 




 One advantage of having a near monopoly like walmart is if they say "we're not doing it anymore", it can just flat-out decimate the supply in some areas. This'll push confederate flag gear into flea markets and low-rent dollar stores where only the lowest-rent motherfuckers would buy it, and that's a good thing.  




 Tough rocks, life ain't fair.

edited to add: i'm sure it's just like every other captured soldier and defeated military in history - suddenly *no one* really wanted to be there fighting and everyone was coerced and haha, can't we just go home now, thanks? 




 Yeah, i'm hopeful there's some solid forensic evidence.  




 I gotta think people who seek to kill other people for fun are not generally the most intelligent people, or the best at long-term planning.

Like [Steven Zelich](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/news/steven-zelich/) - he just dumped the bodies by the side of the road, even though he had *already gotten away with the crime*. Until those bodies were found, the investigation was going nowhere into both women's disappearances. 

Criminals are generally stupid. 




 I don't care if indexing starts at 0 or 1 or 1000, just be consistent about it. 




 They made a choice by joining up, they made a choice by not deserting, they made a choice by taking up arms. Whatever they get from that choice is entirely on them.  




 i dunno about that, but if a psycho wanted to lure people, i can't think of a much safer and easier way to do it.  




 didn't say he was smart. 














 I post the news i want people to read. If you want people to read other news, you should post it. Be the change you want to see in the world. 




 That's just good sense for *any* trip. Where you're going, how long you'll be back, what to do if you aren't back. 




 yeah people should post more bernie sanders circle jerk posts, and more obsessing over the confederate flag (of all things).  




 The american west would be the western part of the country, where the deserts and rocky mountains are. It's more dangerous than the eastern part, in terms of natural hazards.  




 I suppose it'd depend just who it was they killed. If it was a murderer or something - someone we'd sentence to death - then i have no problem with it.

Honestly, eating someone is probably less disturbing than the way funeral homes treat corpses. That shit's straight up disturbing.

But in the end we're just meat. Dust to dust, ashes to ashes, and all that - whatever happens to us after we're gone isn't nearly as important as the lives we lived. Even if we get eaten. 




 I gotta agree, and this is certainly something that's been born out by experience. When you have any organization that's not accountable to anyone (and effectively, that's what secrecy does), it's apt as not to end up incompetent as a result.  




 True that - healthy, well-adjusted people don't do murder-suicides.  




 Oddly enough there was another murder suicide that left a kid about that age alive, recently. I can't imagine they'll have an easy life. 









 I remember hearing about this kid years upon years ago, but i always just chalked it up to a fluke; somehow he got aids and just didn't spread it to anyone else.  




 Tell that to the guys pulling in six figures doing it. 




 Free room and board on the state for at least a few months would be my guess. 




 I only read digital books - any physical book i buy is basically a conversation piece or a display piece.  









 I'd assume he'd get something pretty serious for that. You really can't go around punching people in the back of the head, let alone cops. 




 That entropy really does always win, and that humanity really is doomed to extinction one day.  




 this sounds a lot like "imposter syndrome". You feel like you haven't earned your success. But i would say that since you *are* successful, you are competent and skilled in your area.

Besides - how would anyone ever find out if you *weren't* competent? If you made a mistake, you could always just blame it on external circumstances or a misunderstanding.

I guess what i'm trying to say is: Relax and enjoy the life you have, you know? 














 I think it's important to show the real-life aspects of things like policing. That we have cellphone video of the incident is particularly enlightening.  









 I think it's easy for people to get complacent. They know the trail, they know themselves, what can go wrong - and then something does go wrong, and it all falls apart. Thankfully it's really uncommon though. 




 It's actually pretty common for trail deaths to make news - they aren't very common, and tend to involve large search and rescue operations (like this one did).  









 Fair enough, but that's still way high up and probably thinner air and such. Must be a hell of a view up there. 




