  The district attorneys office declined to file charges against the officers. Deputy Dist. Atty. Rosa Alarcon wrote in a memo about the shooting that Diaz Zeferinos right hand was no longer visible from the officers angle and that it was reasonable for them to believe he was going to reach for a weapon.

This shit needs to stop. This kind of answer is such a common one size fits all answer in regards to unwarranted police shootings, and it seems to fly an alarming majority of the time. 

Basically the translation is "Well cops have a dangerous job, they made a split second decision that was well within their rights to make, so no ones getting in trouble."

I'm fucking sorry, but 3 cops shooting someone 8 times point blank where there was no weapon is absolutely unacceptable.

Due to the miscommunication with the dispatcher who mistakenly reported it as a robbery (dispatch here is also very much at fault....) guns trained is understandable. But what it escalated to was absolutely not. 

We absolutely need to find a peaceful solution to this type of thing. Police need to stop being able to hide behind their badges and the authority to make tough decisions and be held fucking accountable for their actions. 




 That depends on way too many unknown factors to provide an accurate answer. 

Here's the best I can do:

If you're trying to gain weight, consume more calories than you burn. 

If you're trying to lose weight, consume less calories than you burn.

If you're trying to maintain weight, consume approximately the same amount of calories that you burn. 




 Uhh. That's kinda like asking "People of reddit with an anus, when did you discover you had an anus?" 




 I've always been a naturally good swimmer. I float well naturally and can also dive and hold my breath for a long time. I'm comfortable in the water. 

I took swimming lessons at age 7 initially because it was required of me for a summer program I was in and all that really served to do was improve my technique. I'm certainly no Olympic swimmer, don't get me wrong, but I honestly can't recall a time where swimming was ever difficult for me, it always came naturally and I've grown up around water. 




 Motorola Droid Mini is a fairly budget phone and pretty decent. 

LG has made some decent budget phones in the past. 

Samsung's older phones such as the S4 are getting to the budget price range and are still good. 

You should check out MKBHD on YouTube. His reviews on smart devices are really good. Short, to the point, accurate and amusing.

Personally, I would say most budget type phones aren't worth it unless you really need a replacement and it's all you can afford. They aren't *that* much cheaper than a better phone. 




 Fuck it. Flat rock and a piece of bark. 




 Have you ever wondered why some people like onions on their pizza and some don't? 




 Shit got dark quick. 




 This made me laugh during a quick smoke break at a stressful day at work. Thanks. 




 29 and 8. So no. 




 I occasionally get sort of a morning sickness from acid reflux. I wish I had a remedy for it. 




 Most people have this ability, it sounds like you've recognized it and tapped into it possibly because you're somewhat passionate about it. I'd do some research into careers that would use the skill and sound fulfilling. 




 Ask. 

Guys tend to be oblivious to subtle signs of affection or attraction. Worst case scenario he says no, but unless you light a neon sign for him chances are you'll never know. 




 The huge gaping flaw in this logic is that keeping a cocaine habit down to "occasional use" is pretty fuckin hard for your average person. 




 You're wrong. She was criticized for her poor decisions regarding reddit and as large groups of immature upset people (which would be pretty much the entire world under the right circumstances) do, they did and said anything they thought would provoke a response or reaction. 

Her reaction was the right reaction but Reddit simply did what people do. 




 You heard wrong then. I've worked 3 different telemarketing jobs and you absolutely have the ability and right to hang up. 




 One problem with that though, those ad videos pay fractions of cents so people would have to watch scores to buy one ticket. 




 Smell really good 




 I live in America and we have bagged milk... 




