




 Conrad was an unbelievably good person. Not only did he raise awareness of these atrocities, he also used satire to show up the do-gooders of his time who said they cared about Leopold's abuses in the Congo even though most of these people didn't consider the Africans fully human. 

Another massive hero in bringing these killings to light was [E.D. Morel](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E._D._Morel) who was a shipping agent in Liverpool who figured out that something was wrong from inconsistencies in shipping manifests. He did some detective work and uncovered the mass killings. 



















 Thanks. Blackwater/XE or whatever name they go by now is insanely creepy. It's like an independent kingdom with its own warlord and mercenary army. I think any connection to the hijackers from 911 is disconcerting in the extreme. 




 Imagine all these lizard people turning on one another. It would be like Godzilla vs Gamera in a fight to the death. 









 That is truly astonishing. Can this be verified as a real document? Not much shocks me anymore, but if this is real, I am seriously shocked. It's like a worm hole inside the rabbit hole. 




 This is bullshit. Sepp Blatter and FIFA? Somke kid with a website where people sell weed? Why don't the so called authorities go after some real criminals like the ones who crashed the economy? 









 How many of these sick fuckers are there? Maybe at this point it would just be easier and quicker if we compiled a list of the few people in power who don't like to have sex with children?  




 Yes for public logs 




 Astonishing fact I learned recently: the majority of rape victims in the US every year are male. This is due to the rape epidemic in the prison system and in the military both of which affect men more than women. 









 It's pretty pervasive and international, but I think there are still a few decent people even in government. Otherwise we would never hear about any of this. 




 But those types of users tend to have newer accounts. Voat doesn't let people vote down until they've had 100 upvotes. It seems like that must be harder to game. Reddit in comparison is still pretty easy to manipulate. 




 That sounds reasonable. As long as restrictions are transparent and evenly applied. In this case, there's no arbitrary decision for mods to make. Same rule applies to everyone. I don't see the problem. 









 I don't know about the comment, but it sounds like he was talking about the Franklin Coverup in Nebraska, and the Presidio case with Col Aquino in the case of the military base. England might be the ongoing parliamentary investigation into fallout from Jimmy Savile and other people in entertainment and in politics who have been outed as pedophiles. I don't know about Bulgaria. 



















 There is no such thing as mind control. There is no such thing as mind control. There is no such thing as mind control. There is no such thing as mind control. There is no such thing as mind control. There is no such thing as mind control. There is no such thing as mind control. There is no such thing as mind control. There is no such thing as mind control. There is no such thing as mind control.
God I'm sleepy. Maybe a nice can of Pepsi would do the trick. 




 I hear you brother. I'm all about the humans. Got no time for cyborgs or robots. 




 A great place to learn about his life and the terrible treatment he received is: [johnallegro.org](http://www.johnallegro.org/)

Allegro's books themselves first of all because they are mindblowing. Here's a PDF of his: [Sacred Mushroom and the Cross](http://gen.lib.rus.ec/book/index.php?md5=71B938446A8AF6363AF73D19876AFE40)
Also the Dead Sea Scrolls is an excellent read. His conclusions about Christianity are radical and highly controversial but backed up by his philological mastery. He believes that Christianity formed out of a cult that used hallucinogens, in particular the fly agaric mushroom. He makes a wild case for this with the original language of the Gospels.
 




 I get all my news from the US military, don't you worry about that. 




 That is fucking wild. Hats off to the Yemenis. The planet needs way more of this shit. 




 While I find Jan Irvin a bit hit and miss, anyone who supports John Allegro is fine in my books. Allegro was an absolute genius who was destroyed by some very powerful people owing to his conclusions about early Christianity formed while working on the Dead Sea scrolls. He was a MAJOR scholar of ancient religion and language who was demonized and broken. Everyone on this sub should know about his story, this is the archetype of a conspiracy. I'll definitely listen to this. 














 Because Google isn't creepy enough already. 














 And just came across this while I was looking for another conspiracy I half remember from Australia:
[Nazi pedophile ring in Australia](https://independentaustralia.net/life/life-display/trapped-inside-australias-vast-child-abuse-network-part-1,6460) 




 American Buddha is good. He's been around forever and has a huge index of weird books on esoteric and radical topics. He's out of the goofy sixties underground which tends to be pretty reliable. The sources are cited in the article like Victor Marchetti who wrote a classic text exposing the CIA. Their involvement is really well established but info on recent decades is very hard to come by. Info was more freely available thirty or forty years ago, ironically! 




 This guy really seems like a hero. 




 Try this: [CIA in Australia](http://www.american-buddha.com/cia.australia.htm) 









 I really appreciated your use of bullet points. It made your argument both clear and presentable. Well done. 
























 That's good to know. I think I stated that wrong. Apple cider vinegar was used by Greek protestors to prevent breathing in tear gas. They would soak bandanas and apparently it helped to prevent getting any tear gas breathed in. 














 Censor this Ellen. 









 Fuck Ellen Pao. 




 Now that is one funky looking mushroom. I may look into this. 









 I can attest to this. Very good thing to start taking. I've also used a couple of drops in my Neti pot to absolutely cure sinusitis. It's supposed to be the best antidote to tear gas though I haven't tested that out. Everyone should be taking this stuff. 



















 Yes but it would be nice if you could actually comment on this specific article. 




 Can't see anything wrong with that. Why not read the article and then comment on the specifics of what they're saying about Obama's policies? Counterpunch is always well argued. Give a good argument back if you disagree with what they're saying. 




 I've been reading it for years and basically consider it left wing libertarian, but mostly they're iconoclasts. 




 I grew up in DC and was around a lot of people at the top of the food chain earlier in life. They are usually really smart but incredibly unquestioning. It's a weird combination that you'll find is very prevalent at Ivy League schools. There's an almost cult like aspect to their failure to ever question whatever echo chamber they happen to be in. In my opinion, the smartest people don't tend to get a sniff at the higher levels of power unless they have a degree of sociopathy about them. People with a high emotional IQ don't get anywhere near those jobs. They don't usually get into Harvard or Yale. Really brilliant people from STEM backgrounds might climb the ladder within a think tank or NASA or some research facility but they'll hit the wall at a certain point when politics comes into play especially regarding getting funded. 









 Expect a few shills on this. Big Pharma needs to be covered a lot more on this sub. Here's a good documentary that gives an intro to the history behind the modern medical establishment: [Origins of Medical Industry Corruption ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NheKUW6kGuY) 




 Please take them! Just leave us Neil Young and we're good. 









 That movie Source Code felt like someone was using predictive programming to prepare the audience for an attack on Chicago. Or maybe the shadow government gets inspiration for its black ops from these stupid movies. 




  Sadly, we are still fighting those battles, whether here in the USA in Ferguson or Baltimore, or in Gaza or the Negev, wherever the oppressed need us to raise our voices unafraid.  We need to stand shoulder to shoulder with them, our brothers and sisters, until true equality and justice are won. 

Interesting point here. Maybe other countries should consider a cultural boycott of the US until we get our shit together? If the Canadians ever pull out, our entertainment industry is fucked. 














 This absolutely scares the living shit out of me like nothing else I've read on this sub. People have no idea what's about to happen to them. 









 The British public has done pretty damn well over the years with revolts. Look up the Poll Tax riots for a good recent example. Weapons aren't as important in revolt as will. 









 Britain and Canada are increasingly following the American model in treating their citizens as criminals in need of constant monitoring. Irish people in the UK already went through this process back in the 70s, then it calmed down a bit and seems to be coming back with a vengeance targeting not only Muslims but also anyone outside mainstream politics. 




 Great quote from him: "I'm into science policy." Bet that works as a terrific chat up line in the  bars. 









 I've come to the conclusion that it's way more important to vote in local elections. Town council seats can be decided by dozens of votes and have a massive effect on how local communities are able to live. We have no say with the big stuff unless we organize at street level. 



















 Shouldn't there be a distinction between skeptic and debunker? I'm paranoid by nature and thus skeptical of everything but most of all debunkers. Popular Mechanics, I'm looking at you. 




 Fair enough, but I think those misdeeds do shed some light on the culture these people grew up in which is extremely elitist. 




 I'm reading a good book on him now by Gary Lachman. I don't think Crowley was evil but I do think he was more damaged than the average mystic and I don't trust him. He's fascinating, but at the same time he makes me suspicious of his motives. 
And while it may well be nonsense, is the Bush stuff really so crazy? I mean she looks JUST like him. 




 Exactly. War is about the people who already have more money than they know what to do with. They want toys. Instead of toy soldiers and model planes and tanks, they get to use the real thing. Just listen to how flushed and excited they get when they go on their stupid jaunts where the general shows off the latest gadgets. People who want to enter the highest levels of power all get addicted to the feeling of being able to use real people as playthings. 




 The irony is that the times I've received abuse have been outside this sub. This place has been relatively civil, but I'm sure the people coming up with these rules have us in their cross hairs. 




 Thanks. Interesting article. I'm still blown away by the interaction between American companies and Germany after the war started in Europe. Chemicals and pharmaceuticals, banking, information management systems, everything. We helped them a great deal well into the war. 




 While the Independent is right that the Rothschilds didn't make a killing on the stock market in the hours after Waterloo, they massively benefited from the economic downturn that followed it due to the winding down of the wartime economy. They were very wealthy before Waterloo and stratospherically wealthy after. This is similar to the way people like the Rockefellers benefitted from the stock market crash in 1929 by being the only ones with capital who could buy up basically sound companies that were faltering because of temporary liquidity problems. Capitalism makes these excesses inevitable and always leads to economic/political elites. 




 I get that, but it also means he has broken some serious federal laws and shouldn't be able to influence American elections to the extent that he does. 




 I posted this article because I found it interesting. If you want to see those articles, then go find them and post them. I will very happily read them.  




 What tip? 




 I largely agree with you though think it might just be possible. It only matters in so far as it shows the weird kind of synchronicities that happen when looking at elites. I'd be more freaked out if the Bush's had a genetic connection to Ayn Rand. 




 Brazil sounds fucking amazing. 




 That's awesome. 




