 I'm skeptical, More rice usually means cheaper product. Is this worth it? Looks like mostly rice. Not trying to criticize, just curious. 




 It's my favorite color stain. It's by Rustoleum, the color is called Cabernet. 




 Thanks. 




 Thank you. 




 Approximately a month, A few hours here and the after work and on the weekends. 




 At least it's only a 3 series.... I make joke! 




 Like a burst  [cream cheese stuffed sausage](http://cdn.uncoached.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/04/nasty_food_7.jpg) it is! 




 Neat story, There are still good people in this world, good to know. 




 Love Stephen King! 




 Ha ha ha! [Pain like this!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-8-L6UJ6XR8) 




 I can verify this. I work in a freezer, temps are between -10 and -25 degrees Fahrenheit. Years back when my hands would get unbearably cold I would rush to the bathroom and run them under hot water, then a few minutes later they would be in throbbing pain. I was told to not do that because it causes nerve damage over time. Cold slowly to warm is what to do.  




 I love this! Very clever. i Dios mo, es inteligente ! 




 My dad and I did this to my girlfriends old 84 Subaru. $2.99 Momentary switch and 58c worth of wire and a little know how. Better than the $300-$400 professional fix. 









 If you look, he is holding it out towards the camera on a stick. Optical illusion. But shit, 6' 9"! 




 No one should have to go through this. You are a brave individual... Borrow the keys and go to to Taco Bell, Doritos Locos friend. 




  I often have dreams in which I cannot tell whether they happened or were dreamed. Usually these dreams were preceded by a night of drinking, albeit sometimes not much drinking, but drinking none the less. If not maybe ask a doctor, or perhaps before you go to sleep write in a journal of your day and person to person encounters. Then keep a separate journal for when you wake up to report your Dreams/false memories and compare the two. Good luck, I hope it's nothing serious. 




 Ha ha ha, A horse mask.... Your moms hot! 




 Diabesity 




 Wheres Brazil? 




 The stain looks like a homeless guy puking. 




 She needs to take from another "Her own Thomas" like her aunt Candice did for the betterment of her own life. It's kind of a black widow story, eat your mate for nutrients/survival. Good story.  




 Adderal is a brain drug, Maybe it activated a psychokinesis type of reaction. Just a thought. 




 Spooky. 




 Good story... At least I hope it's a story. 




 That pun needs a little, "shine". 




 I am pretty sure what is going on here is after you start your shower, the pipes start to heat up. They swell/shrink in their mountings make noise after a moment or two. Take and enjoy your shower friend. Unless you start hearing voices.... DUN DUN DUN!!! 




 Howie Mandell with a curly wig. 




 I like the bacon cheese, I wanna taste the Bacon cheese! 




 Awesome pic, Give this guy a hand...Wait... 




 He could donate them to "Locks of bud"... 




 Yum! Rib eye for the lonely guy. 




 Oh man! Good story. This should be on the NoSleep podcast. Gave me the jitters for sure. I was Taken in to the whole story by paragraph 2. 




 Still would! 




 If you squint, like you have been in the pool to long, the white part looks like a pile of poop with a big stink line. 




 Seeing this picture almost sent me into, a catatonic state. 




 Feed the baby! 




 I have the Same folder, same philosophy, but I call it "Stuff N' Junk" 




 It is Castiel! [See!](http://images4.fanpop.com/image/photos/21300000/Castiel-6x18-Frontierland-castiel-21343263-1280-720.jpg) 




 This is awesome! 




 Amen Hatchet_Kilo! And why is this not a God damned Series? I love it, it has AS written all over it! To their credit they single handedly got Family Guy back making new episodes. And yes NotHimAgain I will agree, Superjail was awesome and way grosser than this Korgoth show. But in its own special way, Korgoth of Barbaria is a medieval Superjail.  




 It looks like he's saying, "I MUNT THPUGHETTI!" 




