 For me, it's just freedom. It's those late nights coming home from hanging out with your friends and being the only one on the road. Windows down, music softly playing with the low rumble of the exhaust, it's just the most surreal experience ever. 




 The reason I went with it is because my 944 isn't my daily driver. It's just my autocross car. 




 Definitely, I think the reason why Hagerty is so much lower than normal carriers is because of the restrictions that put on. Meaning it needs to be stored in a garage, can't be driven more than 5,000 miles a year, and you need to have at least 25 to drive alone.  




 It really depends on which insurance carrier you have. There was a thread a couple weeks ago here about insurance for junior operators. I pay $100 a year on mine and I'm 18, but that's because its on Hagerty. The downfall with Hagerty is that if you're under 25, you're not allowed to drive alone. 




 http://www.forzamotorsport.net/Handlers/GetPhoto.ashx?game=fh2 id=1765060 full=true 




 I do it's in my computer, I'll upload it tonight when I get home from work  




 Close enough haha, they are probably my favorite style rim  




 Love the Watanabes, works great with the color. 




 I CAN BREAK THESE CUFFS! 




 Volvo wagons, and Subaru  




 Yeah that's what I said, until I walked back into school. 




 I'm really sorry for you loss, I can tell you that your father was a great man. 




 I absolutely love the Maxima, it looks soooooo clean  




 Awwww yes, us Northeastern guys don't get much attention at all in any racing games. 




 Fujimi, Tskuba, and for new tracks I really want Lime Rock. 




 M'Jeep 




 Not to mention, that's an eBay no name brand steering wheel. That alone would put me off knowing that the owner was willing to sacrifice safety for the "JDM" factor. Even if it's a small thing like a steering wheel, what else did the owner skimp out on? 




 The only somewhat interesting car at my schools parking lot is a Honda Fit that's completely riced out 




 Ooohhhhh my god yes, the shifters in it are amazing. 




 Can't forget about the McLaren F1 




 Not shitty 
Edit: just noticed the gold tooth, that's pretty shitty 




 Is this the same Galpin that was on pimp my ride? 




 Sounds like you got an awesome project on your hands. 




 Nice! What other mods do you have planned if there are any others? 




 I like it. A lot. It reminds of the VIP cars, but yet it's still subtle that it looks completely natural.  




 Yup, Upgarage! It turns out, you can actually have them ship overseas too. What I did was sent all of the parts I wanted to their headquarters, and that's where my dad is going. I just figured since my dad was going there for the week I'd save hundreds on shipping :D 




 I'm sourcing a set of Watanabes, and I'm getting a Momo steering wheel, parts in Japan are soooooo cheap 




 I think it's in the box.  




 1996 Porsche 993tt 




 This is what my dad's currently doing for me right now while he's in Japan. I think it you put it in a cardboard box, you can label it as luggage and bring it home on the plane.
Edit: I forgot, I think the total price has to be under $400. 




 The race never started because it never worked! 




 Going by your name I assume you have a 951 track car. Got any pics? 




