




 I can think of two that looked animatronic and definitely would be easy to do with them. But yeah no massive animatronics for the big dinosaur like JP1. 




 Don't think you're a cheapass just because you don't pay for video. 




 Yes! I was dreading that this would turn out like Utopia. I'm not surprised with how much marketing they've done for this though.  




 This is by far my favourite Paul Scheer character. I was really hoping we would return for Pitch Perfect 2 but sadly no. 




 Nah they talk about their mother. Also the head girl and Lauren Lapkus talk about orders. 




 This is the tinchat: http://tinychat.com/khsunny786 and there is a subreddit at /r/teenagerstinychat

EDIT: A lot of people are coming and leaving when they see there is not many people on. If you come on you could just leave it on in the background until some people join :)  




 the lack of ams and pms in this made me confused. 




 Yeah but in 2D animation aren't all the mouth shapes sort of ready to go for each character and they just choose whatever one fits for each frame. 




 What was the spike in 2008 for the Big Bang?

EDIT: Also it's cool the way you can see each season on the Big Bang Theory search. It seems to be decreasing in popularity. 




 Oh wow I've never heard of them doing that before. Is it difficult? I figured it would be pretty easy nowadays to sync mouths up with different dubs.  














 In case anyone doesn't know Jake and Amir have a podcast that Benny Schwazzz and Middleditch are sometimes on.

Also does anyone know which Jake and Amir sketch it is where they keep holding up DVDs? I think Schwartz was in it. 




 Was that Ellie Kemper in the check one? 




 I can't believe this is a problem he has. It's like complaining about the old animation in the G.I Joe episode. But it's even worse considering the puppet tv shows still mostly have rods. The only thing were they are edited out is probably the latest Muppet movies. 




 Yay. Most of the time when I put out a video I lose a subscriber or two so I'm glad this one got me some. 




 Thanks! 




 Thank you. I though the editing was a bit choppy but it's gotten a very nice response. 




 Thanks, I made it myself. 









 Here in Ireland It's Always Sunny has been gaining popularity since it's been added to Netflix. 









 Yep, if we got the subreddit to the front of /r/teenagers once I'd say it will have people on everynight until the end of summer.  




 I always thought it was weird how all the sneezing in the whole series took place in one episode. 




 /r/teenagerstinychat 




 I have actually heard every episode of Harmontown except for that one. I believe I feel asleep at the start and it seemed Dan wasn't in the best mood. I'll have to go listen to it now I know Adomian came on, thanks very much. 




 What is this from? I don't remember it in the Comedy Bang Bang episode. 




 The BOYS have just FIRED RON and the CATSKILLS ARE GOING HAYWIRE. 




 That's funny because here in Ireland we would associate guns with Texans more than Mexicans.  




 Is the original that he says "we have lots of Mexicans" or "lots of guns" because the second one works better from an irish standpoint. 









 I suppose the idea is that he's a comedian and so it has an entertainment value to watch him. It's similar to how most people would be willing to watch a comedian do stand-up but not a normal person. 

I'll admit it's not for anyone. 









 The energy was just about to die and then Benny Schwaz showed up. 




 I use Downcast but it's been very slow for me lately so I have a question about other podcast apps. When I'm catching up on podcasts I normally listen to 3/4 series at once and I listen to them in the order they were released in. So for example in my current relisten I'm on May 2013. So in downcast I click on Downloaded and all my podcast episodes (doesn't matter the series) are sorted by date. That means I listen to the one at the top.

In past experience podcast episodes were always sorted by the actual podcasts. Has this changed in most other apps? 




 You get used to it very quickly. Eventually it gets to a point where if you changed to normal speed it all seems in slow motion. 

I should add I listen in 1.5 most of the time.  









 Haha you've not watched "It's Always Sunny" have you? It's pretty dark. 




 Yeah but it wasn't called that then. 









 That's what I was thinking. I remember the first time seeing the movie very clearly and being amazed at that first dinosaur scene. 




 That's because it was Dan Harmon's voice. 




 I am one of the people who had one of these videos that got sort of popular. I was thinking about doing a post about the information I can get about people who watch these videos on my youtube analytics page. Would anyone be interested? 




 Wasn't it timely at the time of it originally airing?
Edit: Yeah Episode III hadn't come out yet at the original airing of that episode. 




 I want someone to do a version of the movie like that. I'm sure with the original footage you'd be close. 




 I'd like a remaster with no dinosaurs.  




