 The ayahuasca line just totally knocked it out of the ballpark. 




 HI SUPERNINTENDO CHALMERS!  I'M LEARNDING. 




 What does that mean, though?
I feel better when I take 50mg a day in the morning regularly. 




 k 




 *based god 




 Because a closed system will always experience misanthropy. 




 Can we go ahead and get a pale Jew Dot? 




 [SOURCE](http://www.boumbang.com/jean-francois-rauzier/) 




 u wot m8? 




 I'm gonna be frank:  Your parents aren't gonna understand your way of life from now on. Might as well start networking for your escape. 




 Shit Anatoly, get it together. 




 I only do a fingerprint's worth under my tongue in the mornings with coffee. Sometimes I go back and do another fingerprint later.

I might be doing 30mg a day/40mg a day.  You guys all take like 10x the amount I do and complain of symptoms.  So weird. 




 Phenibut. 




 Remember: Beetles are little fatty robots made of paper. They're not a big deal. 




 Cool Thanks! 




 What Church/Cathedral is this? 




 Cicada Killer Hornet?
We have these in Atlanta. 




 I'm sorry, ma'am, you'll never scoot again. 




 Username gogetyourshinebox is ideal. 




 I mean you don't think 




 :........-( 




 If shitting in the reservoir is an "Upper Decker", I guess that makes this "The Mezzanine" 




 NIIIIIIICE.

Good pick. 




 How long did this take you? 




 Uh.. 




 I love how much detail there is, I can't do it justice by fullscreening on this puny monitor, have to zoom in. 




 Nice find 




 LoL "KEH.  E-excuse me, I seem to be suffering from.. a cough." 




 Taken the DALT, it was amazing. 




 River Styx Crosstrainer. 




 t b_ckons 




 MAYONNAISE NIGGA, DO YOU SPEAK IT? 




 Aww he was playing. 




 Illegal commentary win. 




 This is very Space Adventure Cobra..

Where can I see more of your stuff? 




 Fuck this show anyway.  BRING ON THE DOWNVOTES. 




 =0 









 I WANT TO BELIEVE. 




 April Fools~~ 









 THE SYSTEM. IS DOWN.
THE SYSTEM. IS DOWN.
 




 He was using the clamp to get off.  Crucible alone wasn't cutting it. 




 /r/seasquirrel  




 This guy has an OFFICIAL Mullet.

Myoo*lay 




 Why?  It was posted 8 hours ago. 




 I bet he flunked flanking too. 




 Yes, we only order black ones.

In the 10 years I've worked here, pretty much never see any other color. 




 Hahahah Spinal Fap

A fair cop. 




 No pun intended? 




 Hush, pedant. 




 They use fluid pressure in their limbs to move around, so the mechanism is faster than cords and muscle. 




 The pic was still loading and I thought it said

SIMBA

on the edges of the bowl. 




 I was trying to watch the English-to-Mandarin speech recognition presentation from Microsoft and this was just sitting there in the sidebar.  Youtube has been recommending the weirdest stuff to me.  Their analytics are drunk.

Probably doesn't help that I watched it though. 




 "You don't want to eat that Fruit Loop Casserole?" 




 So much lens dust, so much.  Righteous amounts. 




 That is one of my pet peeves
"Hold on, you haven't looked through the index of EVERY subforum on this site?  You should put everything somewhere else every time you post anything thanks." 




 Correcting subject-verb agreement in r/blackpeoplegifs...

HEY, IT'S THE NEW GUY! 




 Looks like entheogen beings, yep yep. 




