 Hey, isn't Kansas where [two of our biggest welfare queens](http://www.dailykos.com/story/2014/03/09/1283390/-Koch-Brothers-Takes-88-Million-in-Corporate-Welfare#) hail from?  




 Yeah, but they continue to be paid because their lying has worked for decades. 




 But you claim that multiple papers presented at Ringberg "suggest that 2C will be the high" by 2100, which they did not. To the best of my knowledge, *no consensus* at Ringberg or in credible climate science has said any such thing. If anything, the studies presented at the Ringberg Workshop project a likely warming of around 2.5C by 2100, which is both well beyond a "2C upper limit" and probably very conservative given [new data](http://news.sciencemag.org/climate/2015/02/cold-pacific-ocean-offsetting-global-warming) on oceanic warming. 




 I work with folks who place students in these jobs, and it's not necessarily as sunny as it sounds. "Huge" demand in skilled trades now is often tempered by modest pay, sporadic work and nonunion status that lacks benefits. A master welder makes about what a master secretary does, although bigger money beckons in underwater and overseas work. 




 Just like baby boomers when *they* were under 30!

(Let the downvotes begin...) 




  new research was recently presented at Ringberg that clearly demonstrates that making such a prediction at this time is speculative, at best.

Which presentation at Ringberg would that be? If it's any help, [here is a list](http://www.mpimet.mpg.de/en/science/the-atmosphere-in-the-earth-system/ringberg-workshop/ringberg-2014.html). 




 "Backing off the IPCC's 4.5C prediction?" First, 4.5C is the *high end* of the IPCC's current 1.5 - 4.5 degree temperature forecast for 2100. It's not the median. However, more [recent studies](http://phys.org/news/2015-02-evidence-ipcc-climate-sensitivity.html) suggest warming will be at the upper end of this range in a business-as-usual scenario. 

Second, China and India are poor, developing countries heavily invested in hundreds of new coal-fired power plants, their per-capita emissions are still far below ours, and they rightly point out that we westerners are responsible for nearly all of the carbon pollution cooking the climate to date. Still, both ([and especially China](http://thinkprogress.org/climate/2015/02/04/3619026/china-gets-ready-for-national-carbon-market/)) are now making strides to reduce their pollution. 




 [No.](http://www.nature.com/nclimate/journal/vaop/ncurrent/full/nclimate2573.html)

2C is one *hell* of a long way beyond natural variance in global climate within a single century, and most experts agree that we have already effectively locked in that amount of increase given that we are unlikely to completely quit burning fossil fuels in around 25 years, which is what it would take to limit warming to 2C.  We are more likely headed for [3-4C](http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2013/dec/31/planet-will-warm-4c-2100-climate) warming by 2100.

http://www.carbonbrief.org/blog/2015/04/climate-sensitivity-is-unlikely-to-be-less-than-2c-say-scientists/ 





























 "Renewables like wind and solar and biomass will certainly play roles in a future energy economy, but those energy sources cannot scale up fast enough to deliver cheap and reliable power at the scale the global economy requires. While it may be theoretically possible to stabilize the climate without nuclear power, in the real world there is no credible path to climate stabilization that does not include a substantial role for nuclear power."

Sincerely,

Dr. Ken Caldeira, Senior Scientist, Department of Global Ecology, Carnegie Institution

Dr. Kerry Emanuel, Atmospheric Scientist, Massachusetts Institute of Technology

Dr. James Hansen, Climate Scientist, Columbia University Earth Institute

Dr. Tom Wigley, Climate Scientist, University of Adelaide and the National Center for Atmospheric Research

http://www.cnn.com/2013/11/03/world/nuclear-energy-climate-change-scientists-letter/ 




 The line can be blurry. Fascism is always totalitarian, always very nationalistic and often insular. Socialism *can* be those things, as it was under Stalin and Mao, but it can also be democratic, culturally open, and blended with capitalism, as in the Nordic countries. 

Fascism rose as a reaction against socialism, led by nationalists like Hitler who hated the internationalism and pacifism of socialists, who many Germans blamed for  losing the First World War. Most fascist governments since have been similarly violent, nationalistic, anti-communist, and run by charismatic strong men.  




 we would see massive investments in solar by private industries to save money and become more efficient. They aren't doing that without subsidies.

[In many regions of many countries solar is now grid-competitive without subsidies](http://www.fastcoexist.com/3043473/in-much-of-the-world-solar-power-is-already-as-cheap-as-grid-electricity).The United States now has a [a few of those regions as well](http://www.hawaiireporter.com/big-rooftop-solar-panels-make-sense-in-hawaii-without-any-subsidies). Many more are on the way.

That's looking at world wide oil and gas and doesn't take into account the enormous difference in market size between oil and renewable. On a per capita basis renewable receive far more money in subsidies than oil and gas

Fossil fuels are the world's second-most-subsidized industry, after arms, and they are *vastly* more subsidized than renewables.  




 There isn't one yet. The world's governments are in preliminary negotiations leading up this summer's the big UN climate conference in Paris.  




 It wasn't enough that McConnell's Congressional Republicans openly tried to undermine the President's nuclear arms diplomacy with Iran? Now they're subverting his negotiations with the world on climate solutions?

Where's a firing squad when you need one?  




 "Solar isn't financially viable - except with massive government subsidies and grants.

First, solar is very economically viable without subsidies in some places right now, and its cost is dropping by half every five years, so it will soon be economically viable nearly everywhere.

Second, solar subsidies are dwarfed by the [$550 billion in annual direct subsidies to the oil, gas and coal industries](http://image.slidesharecdn.com/d2-am-s7-subsidies-petarvujanovic-ocde-141205102749-conversion-gate02/95/fossilfuel-subsidy-reforem-by-petar-vujanovic-2-638.jpg?cb=1417796944)--and that's without considering the trillions in annual *indirect* subsidies for fossil fuels, for things like military actions and automotive infrastructure. And these are subsidies for a mature, incredibly wealthy industry that needs no help with new infrastructure or development, and, let's not forget, this is an industry that every national scientific academy has identified as a major threat to global wellbeing, while solar presents one of our best opportunities to reduce that threat. 




 "Have you got a source for that figure?"

http://www.wsj.com/articles/SB10001424052748704852004575258541875590852
 














 "Dont fight automation; focus on the political challenge of making sure its fruits are shared equitably."

Yes, there's the rub. 




 80% of the world's oil is in the hands of national oilcos, which are largely unmentioned here. Peak oil isn't a concern, as the recent glut shows clearly enough. (Climate, however, is a true game changer, but the author doesn't mention that either.) 









 Dodgy. 




 The last cycle measured was 2012, when Dems won.  




 Young people forty years ago didn't vote any more than they do now. Boomers didn't really begin voting in large numbers until the 1990s, and they've only recently begun to hit the late-life stage when people tend to vote without fail (which usually begins around age 65).

As for your feeling that the baby boom was defined by Woodstock and so on, with all due respect that view was manufactured for you by pundits looking for something to talk about at the time and afterwards. Don't get me wrong: the early boomers' coming of age in the late 1960s was big, but mostly because the generation followed the 1930-1945 baby *bust*. However, in economic terms relevant to this article, the boomers had their biggest impact much later than most think.

Truth is, the larger, younger end of the baby boom has much more in common with GenX: they all hit adulthood after the early boomers had taken many of the jobs and bid up the price of houses; all were part of the cohort that first lost employer pensions and lifetime job security.

 




 All correct, except that Portland's water comes mostly from snowmelt at those higher elevations. The climate is bone-dry most of the summer, when water demand is highest. 




 He's not saying screw driverless cars or anything. In fact he welcomes them.

Yeah, he basically says that insurance companies would be among the only losers, due to fewer accidents, which is obvious enough. We already know that Detroit hates self-driving cars for similar reasons.

For me, the most interesting bit in this is when Buffett hedges and wonders about 10% penetration by 2030. If that's a conservative figure, it says much.  




 [Here](https://www.opensecrets.org/industries/indus.php?ind=E01) is the breakout: 90% of oil and gas campaign money went to Repubs in the last election cycle measured. 




  80% of oil money goes to Republicans and their causes.

That was then. [It's now 90%.](https://www.opensecrets.org/industries/indus.php?ind=E01) 




 Now let's just see if Republicans in Congress can resist the urge to write yet another undermining letter to Iranian leaders. 









 Agreed, although I suspect the freeway median may have been used here partly to prevent the theft of solar panels. 




 This issue recurs from time to time, and it's always the same ploy: transfer the National Forests and other Federal lands to the states, where easily-bought politicians will then sell off everything to private logging, mining and real estate companies--who will then fence out the public. 

It's up to us to block these bastards. Every time this comes up, write your reps and say, "no way!". 




 I'm reasonably certain that more than one whip-wielding southern slaveholder also told his slaves, "at least you aren't living in Africa!". 









 We agree that most are only too happy to continue their lazy inattention, maybe while patting themselves on the back for switching to low-energy lightbulbs. However, I doubt that many have yet bought into the oil industry's latest craven pitch to abandon all hope. 














  Those are results of introducing intermittency into the system.

On the contrary. The smart grid is coming for a hundred reasons that have nothing to do with intermittency. Smart meters and smart buildings top the list, and those primarily concern cost control and efficiency, as outlined in [this ComEd overview](https://www.comed.com/technology/smart-meter-smart-grid/Pages/smart-grid.aspx) which lists everything *but* intermittency. 

The poorest countries don't have nukes

Pakistan *is* one of the poorest countries, and nuclear-armed. North Korea as well. Russia isn't exactly rich. Others will follow. 

I find that (warfare) scenario highly, highly improbable.

You must know better than US military leaders, then. Sleep well.

 




 Okay, Chris Mooney; *you* may not have been talking about this but plenty others have. Bad headline on an otherwise good article.

You're one of the best journalists writing about the disconnect between science and political preconceptions, but this is different: you're delving into the details of climate science, and this is clearly new territory for you. Step carefully. 




 The few people I know who say "it's too late; it's now hopeless" are people who never cared about climate to begin with. For them, this is merely the latest convenient excuse for continued lazy inattention. 




 I am aware of no single study that doesn't acknowledge the costs of integrating intermittency into the grid. If there were one, I bet you would have cited it.

http://cleantechnica.com/2014/01/24/forget-intermittency-nrel-says-wind-energy-can-boost-grid-reliability/

A smart grid exists for the sole purpose of dealing with intermittency.

No, the smart grid is needed for many reasons: resilience, smart metering, peak pricing, operational savings, etc.. 

I know it's popular to dream of a day when every home is it's energy castle, but it just isn't backed up by economic realities.

Who said grid power will vanish? Not me.

The purpose of warfare when caused by economic depression is to seize what others have. How can you do that if you nuke their shit?

Clausewitz disagrees with your definition of war's purpose, but history shows us that *any* rational "purpose" for war is usually quickly lost in gore, hatred, and the burned bodies of innocents piled to the skies.

To date the primary purpose of nuclear weapons has been defensive: "invade my country and we'll nuke you". However, conflicts and associated chaos will continue to escalate in the world's poorest, most climate-vulnerable regions as climate damage rises, both increasing temptations to incinerate enemies while also inevitably putting nuclear arsenals in the hands of victorious insurgents. ISIS, for example, sprang from the chaos of the long Syrian drought, gathered momentum by adding the excluded Sunnis of Iraq and now Yemen. They would dearly love to someday seize Pakistan and its nuclear missiles, and studies suggest that global warming is [adding to that very threat](http://www.dawn.com/news/1157200). And that's merely one of [many climate concerns](http://www.forbes.com/sites/jamesconca/2014/11/14/does-our-military-know-something-we-dont-about-global-warming/) that now worry US military leaders.

Let's just say that more desperation, drought, cultural friction and economic despair don't make a nuclear-armed world any safer.
 




  The more renewables grow, the costlier their impact to the grid.

Debatable, and most of these complaints are coming from old-line utilities trying to preserve their sweet monopolies.

With or without renewables, we'll need a smarter grid, so it's unfair to blame all of its costs on the rise of renewables. 

 Batteries are far too expensive for developing countries. 

[Not for long.](http://dqbasmyouzti2.cloudfront.net/assets/content/cache/made/content/images/articles/Storage_Cost_Drops_530_402_s.png)

 Yes, because nuking people solves economic problems. /s

You're probably right. When has economic depression ever led to world war?  




 Speaking of cherry picking, you're basing your complaint entirely on the wind graph, where newer Greenpeace forecasts contrast with older forecasts from other sources. But what about the other two graphs that show more contemporary forecasts from multiple sources? In those, the Greenpeace forecasts still outperform by wide margins.

Again, the point isn't that Greenpeace is perfect, but that most researchers, even theirs, have underestimated the growth of renewables. As in this excerpt:

*"The results for solar PV are even more dramatic...In this case, though, actual statistics proved higher, nearly doubling the optimistic Greenpeace formulation."* 









 Boomers alone didn't fuck you. Hell, Americans are still basically fighting the Civil War, with political loyalties persistently aligned by North-South geography and opinions on white, Christian supremacy.

Until recently, boomers didn't vote much either. The country has long been run by the very old, because only the very old vote without fail, in absolutely every little election. When it gets down to voting on fire commissioners and school bonds, the ancient are *three times* more likely to cast a ballot than 20-somethings are.  




 No need to tackle reams of peer-reviewed papers. Just read some of the many credible online digests of climate science. [Skepticalscience.com](http://www.skepticalscience.com) should be at the top of the list. Other good sources include [NASA](http://climate.nasa.gov), realclimate.org and climatecentral.com. 


































 There's no doubt that renewables are critical, and, taken together, they may be the single most important future power source, but they simply will not be enough, which is why several of the world's leading climate scientists recently issued [this joint letter](http://www.cnn.com/2013/11/03/world/nuclear-energy-climate-change-scientists-letter/) to world leaders.

The need to leave carbon fuels has now become an emergency. We need all hands on deck, and all the carbon-free power that we can muster...like, yesterday. 




 More common: skilled, experienced older workers thrown out of work are reluctant to take a big step backwards, and often for good reason. If your income plunges in your 50s, you may well lose your spouse, your house, your health insurance. Your kids may lose their college opportunities. Prospects for any kind of retirement can vanish. 




 The baby boom's peak birth year was 1957, meaning the heart of the baby boom is now 57-58; they were 10-11 when Woodstock happened, and they didn't really begin voting at all consistently until the Clinton years. (Reagan was elected by their parents.) 




 I don't think the article's point was to praise Greenpeace, but to show how growth in renewable power blew past all forecasts, *even* Greenpeace's. 




 The truth is, boomers didn't control much at all until 23 years ago, when Clinton was elected. Like every other generation, they didn't really begin voting faithfully until well into middle age, and the peak of the baby boom is now only 58. 




 Simply put, this article is a steaming heap of lies spread for years by oil industry flunkies. No matter how often they're debunked, they just keep springing back like a case of herpes. 

There was no 1970s global scientific consensus that the climate is cooling. There was no UN forecast of "50 million climate refugees by 2010". And so on. 

Do some real scientific reading, or, if you can't, at least accept the facts that all 97 of the world's national scientific academies, and 97% of publishing climatologists, are in complete agreement that we are responsible for warming the globe. 

And also be aware that the largest industry in human history is doing everything in its power to confuse you about that. 














 The TPP hasn't passed, most of its signatories would likely be part of any global climate agreement as well, and, frankly, getting sued by Peru is not at the top of American worries. 




 Ashton would be the wrong guy to ask about the economic details of decarbonization. He simply takes Shell to task for their refusal to acknowledge the need to do it at all, and good for him.

However, few in the know believe this will be accomplished with renewables alone. Nuclear will be part of the solution as well. Yet renewables will carry most of the weight, in both developed and developing nations. Solar/battery combos and microgrids, in particular, are well suited to developing countries precisely because they don't require existing transmission infrastructure. 

As for cost, two points: 1) The cost of decarbonizing is now low--about [1-3%](http://unsdsn.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/US-Deep-Decarbonization-Report.pdf) of global GDP--but will [quickly rise](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2014-05-11/power-decarbonization-cost-rises-22-to-44-trillion-iea-says) if we continue stalling; 2) the cost of *not* decarbonizing the economy is [potentially ruinous](http://press.princeton.edu/chapters/s10414.pdf) (figures like 20% of GDP are often mentioned), and that's before we consider that economic collapse on that order would almost certainly ignite nuclear war.

The only possible conclusion is that we have no choice but to leave most of the world's fossil fuel reserves unburned. The good news is that we can easily afford to do it. The bad news: we cannot afford to wait. 












































 You're right, everyone wants "a throat to choke" when they suffer a loss. However, if that hypothetical kid who ran into the street was killed by *you* behind the wheel, rather than by a computer, there is little chance that you would be held liable unless someone could prove that you had been driving recklessly. Why hold the computer to a higher standard? 




 Thing is, these cars will crash less than human-driven cars will, creating a net benefit for insurers. The hard part is assigning liability, I agree, but should the company have to pay extra for a net benefit it delivers to third parties? 



















 Yeah, but Canada isn't forecast to be one of the countries most parched by heat and drought in coming decades. 




 True, but the Dems are still trying to govern. Repubs are simply sowing division, discord and mistrust in order to wreck the consensus needed for government.  




 Although this piece is clearly unpopular with techies on Reddit, thanks for posting it. Sure, many nations excel at mathematics and technical competency, but only the United States wows the world with companies that capture the imagination like Disney, Apple and Nike. 









 Yeah, lacking brains and a heart is hell on creativity. 




 This is worse than anarchy. This is pitchforks and torches as far as the eye can see.  




 Companies often drink their own Kool-Aid like this, rationalizing away their lapses and convincing themselves that they are actually engaged in something good and even *vital*, then being surprised when the public doesn't buy it.

After the public relations disaster that is *Blackfish*, Sea World's only real recourse is to phase out  orcas as amusement attractions. That is what they must now do, but not before earning yet another black eye in the process. 














 Agreed. However, if it walks like a sociopath and it talks like a sociopath... 







































 Who made you? 














 Commuted for years with a backpack myself because I didn't want a rack and pannier on my nice road bike, but always regretted it.  




 Sure it's depressing, but some people *are* intentionally evil, willing to actively lie to get what they want. They're called sociopaths, and they make up [2-4% of the population](http://www.amazon.com/Sociopath-Next-Door-Martha-Stout/dp/0767915828). They are defined by a strong personal sense of superiority, a reckless disregard for "little people's rules", a ruthless willingness to screw anyone for personal gain, and a psychotic confidence that they'll be able to lie their way out of any jam. Sound familiar? 




 Suggestion: rather than strapping a bag to the rack, get a pannier bag to hang off the rack. Much more secure. 

Second-best: get a small backpack.  




 Cruz strikes me as an opportunistic ideologue from oil country (Calgary) who followed the industry's money to Texas, which has a long history of backing oily pols for the Presidency. The fact that he graduated Harvard Law doesn't mean squat about his objectivity or ethics. 




 Still more bad news for beef. 




 We have a fossil fuels industry problem on climate change. That industry merely gives 90% of its campaign money to Repubs. 




 It's more that the main reservoir lies 3,100' above the city. 




 More to the point, we have a campaign finance and political media problem on climate change. When the largest industry in the history of mankind gives 90% of its political donations to Republicans, and the when party leaders depend on support from television and radio networks run by men with close oil industry ties, we shouldn't be surprised that loudmouthed lunatics from Texas are willing to sing their song.  




 But Senator Inhofe has a snowball. 














 Not a real climatologist, but SoCal isn't going away. 80% of California water usage is in agriculture, so farms will feel it first. LA basin residents will just face stretches without lawn watering or car washing.  









 Not in the Republican Party. 




 What do you expect from a media corporation run by men with deep [oil and coal industry ties](http://www.wnd.com/2013/01/is-saudi-prince-steering-news-corp-coverage/) who specialize in pandering to the most proudly carbon-polluting consumers in the US, Canada and Australia? 




 Why is this a problem? If we are serious about solving the climate mess, we need every carbon-free energy source we can get our hands on. 




 CCS looks more like nothing but a political talking point to salve swing states. Unfortunately, most big political swing states states happen to be coal states (Kentucky, West Virginia, Colorado, etc.) so CCS is offered to win their support for climate action. Attempts to make it actually work affordably, as with NextGen, however, have mostly failed. The only places where it shows even limited promise are places where coal-fired power plants sit atop deep oil fields with secure capstone, like Texas, in which power plant exhaust can be injected to squeeze out oil.  




 And meals, beer, cable, etc. 




 Bingo. Strelkov's men were very likely the bastards who shot down the Malay airliner. Against that kind of world-class asshole, even Putin look like a softy. 




 Can't say for sure, but I suspect that some of these fraternities began partly as secret societies of military cadets and other future Confederate officers who were networking for the war to come. 




 It's not surprising that they picked this up at a national conference. Those tend to mix young house leaders with older, retrograde racists who run the alumni wings of many old-line fraternities and sororities that originated in the antebellum South, [as SAE did](http://www.sae.net/page.aspx?pid=756). 




 Pretty much. A telling example is the current DirectTV spot featuring Rob Lowe saying "don't be like the other me...the 'peaked in high school' Rob Lowe" (who wears a letterman's jacket while serving fast food). 














 This could be a preview of coming attractions for other hydro-dependent regions in the world's warmer temperate zones as [Hadley Cell](http://www.goes-r.gov/users/comet/tropical/textbook_2nd_edition/media/graphics/ch3_overview_image.jpg) expansion dries them out. Look out Brazil, China, India. 




 "While there have been a few attempts to found liberal alternatives to ALEC, none have yet caught on."

This made me laugh. ALEC exists because it's backers want to wreck government so they can rule like feudal princes. How many corporations and billionaires are interested in backing a group that stands for *more* business regulation and wealth redistribution? 

Bribery cannot be solved by more bribery. 




 A quaint reminder of those dewy halcyon days before e-commerce and big data were worth trillions, before the Net became the province of spies, gangsters and terrorists. 

Anyone else find it funny that the largest company profiting from our fall from grace is called Apple? 




 In the interest of efficiency, you'll all stop this social interaction, networking, courting, coaching and mentoring shit immediately.  




 Take off in a recursive explosion of intelligence and boogie with the universal intelligences in this and other universes. 
























 In American high schools (grades 9-12), private companies sell [expensive jackets](http://www.vsacustom.com/images/varsityjacket_Blue.gif) for top-level athletes to display their athletic awards. If you make the top-level ("varsity") boy's basketball team, for example, you become a "letterman" who "lettered" in basketball, and you are entitled to buy and wear the letterman's jacket with the letter sewn on it.  




 Yep, an armed society is a polite society. 




 To be fair, the US had an underclass long before it had auto-centric suburbs. I'd argue that suburbanization (and GM's trolley destruction) merely put more distance between the *urban* underclass and other Americans, but remember that most American poverty [is rural](http://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/rural-economy-population/rural-poverty-well-being/geography-of-poverty.aspx).  




 The smartest very definitely do *not* "always rise to the top". 




 This is a deeper, darker level than mere passport theft and indentured servitude. This is true slavery: buying people at market, locking them in cages at gunpoint, barely feeding them, forcing unpaid work in factories and fishing ships for life. 




 Call John Brown. 














 Cities are frequently on the hook for supplying utilities at low or no charge to new suburban developments beyond the city lines. 

It's a vicious cycle that pits city and county governments against one another like this: 

1) County government wants more tax base so approves new suburban development, free riding on burdens to city for water/sewer, connecting roads, etc..

2) City makes up for loss by annexing older commercial districts just beyond city lines, which costs county some of its tax base. So...

3) County government greenlights more development on suburban fringe to recoup tax base lost to city.

 









 It's the closest thing to a basic income program that exists in the US.

It's also something of a preview of the fee-and-dividend carbon tax that's likely coming on the national scale. 




 From the article:

"Bear in mind that a family of four collects four same sized dividends."

Alaska families collect a dividend for everyone in the household. 

A friend of mine comes from a low-income family of twelve. You do the math. 




 "The researchers found ten different frames used to communicate climate change: Settled Science, Political or Ideological Struggle, Role of Science, Uncertain Science, Disaster, Security, Morality and Ethics, Opportunity, Economics and Health. The first five frames were used to communicate the IPCC reports much more frequently -- whereas the latter frames were not used much at all."

In other words, the media tend to report on climate in the ways that are most contentious but least connected to our daily lives. 




 About time. Until the 1980s, and with additional damage from a 1978 Supreme Court ruling, we had usury laws that made these practices illegal. And with good reason: usury makes the middle class poor, and it makes the poor debt slaves, tearing apart society. That's why the Bible ranks it as a capital crime in the same league with murder and rape.

[Here](https://americansforfairnessinlending.wordpress.com/the-history-of-usury/) is a reasonably good synopsis. 









 We can be reasonably sure that any such game-changing, work-reducing new technology would benefit mostly the few engineers who corner the technology, and push the rest of us just that much closer to minimum wage. 




 First of all, your friend has poor taste in other friends, so you might look for better friends yourself. 

As for the link, it's all a pile of crap, but let's just address that first graph as an example:

 It cherry-picks a misleading time span, 1995-2010, which is one of the few in which *surface temps* (more on that below) were flat. To either side of this little window you'd see a rising temp trend.

 It ignores ocean temps. 93.4% of the excess heat from greenhouse warming goes into the oceans, and the oceans have continued warming unabated.

 We now know that the Pacific Decadal Oscillation and other long-cycle oceanic convection currents create multi-decadal cycles of heat capture and release to the atmosphere, so that warming will proceed in stair-step fashion. Right now we are in a PDO "cool phase" due to end in a few years, when atmospheric heating will again take off steeply as it did in the 1990s. 

 The HADCRUT dataset used here is not "air temperature anomaly" (The UK Met Office does not use that term) but "surface temperature anomaly". Because surface temps over the Pacific are not anomalously warm during a cool PDO phase, they make it seem as if global temps have gone flat. However, look what has happened over a [longer span](http://www.metoffice.gov.uk/hadobs/crutem4/), and, in particular, the steep warming in northern continental areas.

I could go on. Your "friend's friend" is putting his/her faith in an obscure conspiracy site created by a conservative lunatic, while ignoring the united opinion of every national scientific academy on Earth, after the largest scientific inquiry of all time? Again, avoid this asshole. 



















 I sure didn't see it. Sold Kraft six months ago. 




 DARVO, actually. Much nastier than mere projection. 




 I notice that some [long-range global drought forecast maps](http://www2.ucar.edu/sites/default/files/news/2010/2090-2099wOceanLabels.jpg) show especially dry future conditions in the Mediterranean Basin and the Mexico/Caribbean/Venezuelan region. What is the confidence interval for these projections? They are pretty scary.  




 The link 



















 Also a low regulatory bar for building codes, and the ability to cut deals with weak suburban municipalities for low property taxes. 









 This could kill someone. Holy shit. 




 He actually strikes me as more of a Jefferson Davis guy. 




 Usury. A term that's fallen out of use. Time to revive it. 




 give hospitals an incentive to compete on prices, and hopefully lower the cost of health care.

Unless you're shopping for a specific high-ticket procedure like a hip replacement, you'll probably find medical pricing too impossibly complex for comparisons. This just invites hospitals to engage in loss-leader pricing, gouging on everything else, and it encourages inefficiently duplicating costly facilities between hospitals because no hospital wants to miss a chance at rare but lucrative treatments.

The only thing that has demonstrably lowered care costs by wide margins is just the opposite: government control and near-universal risk pooling. 




 A likely candidate: desal powered by solar PV, which will be both crazy-cheap by then and well suited to the dry, sunny coasts where urban water shortages will be most acute.   




 I'm reasonably sure that Warren Buffett waited for me to sell my stock in Kraft before he pounced and drove up the price 35% today. 

Well played, Warren. Well played. 




 Should we be surprised that the longstanding outliers in satellite data analysis consistently originate with an evolution-denying Christian fundamentalist who serves on the boards of several oil-funded climate-science-denial organizations?

http://www.southernstudies.org/2011/09/climate-science-contrarian-roy-spencers-oil-industry-ties.html 









 You got that right. However, American utilities aren't exactly known to embrace change, they are legal monopolies, and they are politically powerful at the state/local level, so their first reaction is to block competition. 

If they were smarter, they'd avoid the fate of German utilities like RWE and E.on, which tumbled in value for years before finally selling off their worst coal plants to embrace renewables and DG. 




 Marketing creative slots have vanished in recent decades due to automation in a dozen ways.

Consider the ad agency art director, so called because that person once directed dozens of artisans: pasteup artists, typographers, photographers, film makers, illustrators, strippers, engravers, printers, etc.. Now the "art director" handles all those roles alone, using Abobe CS on a Mac, usually using stock images rather than producing original art. Goodbye to most of those other creative jobs.

The rise of retail is another example, replacing the need for much advertising and PR. The key to *that* was the development of retail databases and scanners. Hello to more minimum-wage Walmart stockers; goodbye to highly paid ad agency copywriters and account execs.

Then consider the consolidation of major consumer companies, which used to be widely distributed but are now heavily concentrated thanks to IT systems that allow fast real-time management of complex networks. That means that the marketing work once done by dozens of local ad agencies and marketing departments across the country is now handled by a handful of people in New York and Chicago.

So, yes, marketing creativity is still in demand, but it takes a lot fewer people to provide it. 




 Except owners of capital. They'll *always* be safe. 









 Opposition to distributed generation is coming mostly from the electric utility industry, but I take your point. 




 [This](http://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/industries.php?type=C cid=N00033085 newMem=N cycle=2014) explains much. 









 Bingo. CCS remains a pipe dream except in rare cases where suitable, deep, secure underground storage already exists. 




 Without global Keynesian stimulus spending after 2008, the world would have likely collapsed into a depression as bad or worse as the 1930s. Nations that invested in more stimulus, such as the U.S. and China, have generally fared better than places that invested less, like Europe. 




 True, but production forestry is not problematic; clearing forest for pastures is. A cap and trade system compensates landowners for keeping the land in forest, while a carbon tax does not. 




 What if the collapse of the American Dream is bigger than the baby boom, or bigger than America itself? This is a trend throughout the rich world, and it has been under way for some time. Blaming 1/4 of Americans for not singlehandedly stopping it is pretty harsh. Plenty of boomers are getting screwed as well. 




 Both, actually. We do still have time to prevent warming of 3C or above, and it'd take lots more than dikes to deal with the consequences of *that*. 




 There's a difference between wahoo and whoopee. 




 "So why not build renewable, instead?"

Because, despite all of its benefits, we cannot build enough renewable power to get the world off of carbon fuels in time. 




 Did baby boomers usher in Social Security or Medicare? Did they keep polluting and raping landscapes as previous American generations did? Did they leave Jim Crow racism to fester for a century as their elders did? News to me.

Sure, boomers leave a lot to be desired. So did their parents. And their grandparents. And so will your generation. 

That's the way it should be. Every generation should improve on the previous. But, God help me, there's always a slice of each generation coming of age that thinks their parents' cohort is responsible for all the world's ills. Unless you are 60-something and German, your resentment is misplaced. 




 I don't know you, but it sure sounds as if you worked your ass off more to build security you never had, and less to provide for a family that may come later.

Now that you have a little cushion, why not take those skills and that resume' to a job you'll enjoy more? It will vastly improve your chances of finding a great spouse and starting that family you want. 




 Not so opposite. When he said that, Keynes was countering economists who maintained that capitalism needs no interference because "imbalances work out in the long run". Instead, Keynes favored taking action to improve the future, much like planting a tree. 




 California will do just fine. There'll be fewer irrigated farms, but the cities will thrive, and they're built for quakes. 









 Note: these complaints aren't from Cubans, but from rich-world *tourists* whining about the impending commercialization of "dear, quaint Cuba". Reminds me of the very elderly rich reminiscing about the charm of old Hawaii when it was poor. 




 We richies may have farther to fall in a total collapse, but a total collapse is unlikely. And, in any economic crisis, the rich always do better than the poor. What concerns me most is the possibility of incremental decline in global prosperity and security leading to police states in rich countries, most likely with heavily nationalistic, fascist overtones. Many would welcome that, seeing it as protection from the brown barbarians killing one another in the real shit-holes farther south.  




 Yes, which is a primary reason why we'll probably have cap-and-trade systems as well as carbon taxes. For all their merits (and their popularity with economists) carbon taxes don't directly reward those who preserve vital carbon sinks such as forests.  




 Sure, the world is well past its agrarian-era carrying capacity, so we are *all* technologically and economically interdependent now. However, over the next generation or so, the greatest threats to rich-world citizens are likely to be from chaos in poor, subtropical countries hit by drought and food supply interruptions. Syria and the Arab Spring uprisings are just a taste. ISIS is as much a product of climate change as of the American destruction of Iraq.

TL;DR- Spreading, climate-caused violence and economic strife abroad is probably a greater threat to Americans than is climate-related collapse of domestic systems. 














 Generally speaking, citizens of rich countries are at far lower risk than those of poor countries; citizens of temperate and near-polar countries are at lower risk than those nearer the equator; citizens of militarily strong countries are at lower risk than those of weak ones. As the world's richest, strongest country, largest food producer and owner of rich temperate and northern lands, the US will do much better than most. 




 [The referenced Nature article.](http://www.nature.com/nclimate/journal/vaop/ncurrent/full/nclimate2570.html) 









 A bit of both. The US still has a few further opportunities for large-scale hydro, and quite a number at small-scale, but damming many of those places (Yosemite, Canyonlands, Copper River, etc.) has been prevented by well justified environmental concerns. 




 And state officeholders, county council members, school board members and so on. If there is one thing the old/white/passionate conservative base does well, it's to vote in *every* election, no matter how tiny. That ensures they always have a deep bench of junior pols ready to move up, and it preserves the heavy state and federal advantages given to rural voters which allow conservatives to punch well above their weight. 




 http://blogs.denverpost.com/thebalancesheet/2015/03/23/renewable-energy-isnt-boosting-electric-bills-study-contends/12570/ 




