




 As someone who deals in the used textbook industry... It makes me SICK what college bookstores buy back books for!!! There is a site called bigwords.com you can enter the isbn # of the books you want to sell and it will list all the sites that are buying back and at what price. Most have free shipping included. You can also find the books you need the same way. Some of the sites actually have local bookstores that you can print off the quote and walk in and get that price in cash. Where the store may have paid $15, the site will pay $80. I really hope this helps some of you... I can't stand to see the shit these bookstores try to pull. 




 She has MS and doesn't get around very well anymore.... Fell and hit the coffee table. Shattered her cheek bone... My uncle is a really amazing man! I was married to one of the bad ones once too... She is definitely not! Thank you for your concern though, truly! 




 Haha! We are from Arkansas and I was in brownies with Chelsea...   




 Haha! I see the resemblance!! And she is from Arkansas! 




 That's horrible! My aunt fell into a coffee table as well. Shattered her cheek bone and has to have surgery now. 




 Haha! Yes, but everyone else's explanations are so much more fun!!!... She had a little run in with a coffee table. She shattered her cheek bone and pushed her eye back into her skull some, and now has to have reconstructive surgery. :( 




 I wouldn't put it past her!!! 









 You calling someone that just died and you don't know a shitbag, makes you a shitbag. 




 My ex suddenly sits up in bed, yells, "YABBA DABBA DOOO!!" Laughs, "Aah Ha haa!" Claps his hands, then lays back down... I cried, I laughed so hard. 




 A childhood friend of mine just posted this pic... Too cute not to share. 









 That sounds amazing! 




 You're really not missing anything.... 




 Bitch 




 YES!!!! 



















 Very happy!!! 




 Beautiful cat! Awesome camera! 




 You don't mean it, unless you make a meme about it... 




 Only one time... at band camp... 




 =D 




