 'That's a bold strategy cotton"
"I don't know, I've seen boulder" 




 She's doing neither actually. Just acting completely normal. 




 Yeah I can tomorrow. It doesn't even look too bad the eye lid is just a bit red. Not even puffy really. Might it be possible she poked her eye with some hay? She does tend to toss it around and role in it... A lot... Lol 




 Will be worth noting that we opened a window and had a bunch of company the day prior. Maybe allergies? 




 My vape store will trade vented batteries for 50 off a new one, see if your will! 




 Hey, my rabbit is sick. One of her eyes is red and she's got a stuffy nose! She's still bouncing around and happy, eating (and tossing her bowl when she's done) with no sign of pain whatsoever. I'm thinking it may be a cold but I'm unsure. The vet literally won't do anything with her. Like that shouldn't even be a thing but he just keeps saying she's okay. The closest one is 3 miles away and I can walk that but the next one is 12 miles away. If it could be something serious I'll do it but she seems fine. Sometimes she'll close the eye but that's it. Any suggestions? 




 Is it the 18650 size or the 26650? 




 I'd have to say no on that... 




 Which mephisto? I've got an authentic mephisto RDA with a 26650 el diablo that work okay. Are the clones any good? I spent 100 on my RDA and for the price I'm disappointed. 




 When my girlfriend wants me to leave the vape store 




 With a 9 wrap parallel you'll get the same surface area as an 18 wrap with lower  though is the point I'm making I guess. But definitely if you can push more power through the coils you'll get comparable results. 




 Ohh okay I'm assuming you mean the box is series right? I only have unregulated mechanical boxes that are parallel so I don't actually have experience with controlling power levels. 




 What are the benefits of doing this instead of a 9 wrap parallel? Are you aiming for a longer ramp time? Not being sarcastic or anything I'm genuinely curious Lol 




 I believe so, I followed a tutorial online. This is the first real repair I've ever done to a car besides like breaks and stuff. 




 So what would you make of the smoke? If the pump is out I know it would leak but not at the back of the engine right? 




 I'm really hoping it was a miscommunication. I've had people tell me it wouldn't hold pressure with a blown head gasket, is that correct? 




 So that means replacing the water pump may do it? 




 Fill the back seat with bags of ice! 




 Edit: it is a 94 BMW 325i not a 328, not sure why the 8 is there.


Hello, I've been having some trouble with my BMW overheating. I bought this car because I wanted something nice to drive and also a car I could learn to work on. So today removed the radiator and the fan blades (?) To change the thermostat which went well but after reassembly when I turned it on and ran it for about 20 minutes it began over heating again! There is white smoke coming from under the left side of the engine which leads me to believe there could be a leaky head gasket but I noticed something rather peculiar. The hose to the right of the water pump was hot to the touch, but to the hose to left of it was much cooler (still hot, but not nearly as much). I took it to national tire and battery for a pressure check and they said it held 75lbs of pressure just fine. Any thought guys?



TLDR: 94 BMW 325i overheating, pressure check went well, small amount of white smoke coming from under engine on passenger side, changed thermostat and it didn't help. 




 He's one k away from racism 









 I've come to terms with it. How are they making the money to do this??? I've never seen something this overly advertised in my entire life! 









 What shop is this and where? 









 The whomping willow in its early years 




 Kinda depends if it's a double cheeseburger. 




