 He has no control over what the FCC chooses directly.

Sure he does.

The president is Tom Wheeler's boss.  You piss off your boss at your own peril.

That said it wouldn't surprise me if Wheeler will get a revolving door and if he helps out the cable companies on this he'll be given a nice corner office with a six or seven figure salary and he may not give a shit what the president wants.

Still, the president is not powerless when it comes to this.
 









 My GF told me flowers are "meh" on anniversarys and Valentine's Day and so on when they are expected. 

She said for real brownie points get her flowers randomly when not expected. It tells her you're thinking of her and she's special in a way getting them for an anniversary never does.  




 That's a special kind of crazy right there. 




 *"The only difference between the Republican and Democratic parties is the velocities with which their knees hit the floor when corporations knock on their door. That's the only difference."* ~Ralph Nader  




 If this were the case you'd think some attorney who has gotten a little light on clients would be happy to take up the cause.

Does the EU allow class action lawsuits?  A single case is not worth it for the attorney but multiply it by everyone on Steam and that's some serious money.
 




 Unpredictability creeps in only at very, very small scales where the Uncertainty Principle holds sway.  At that point the best that can be done is a probabilistic analysis of how likely a given particle will be in a given place with a given momentum.
 









 Fair enough.  [Politifact weighed in a bit](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2012/jul/05/john-boehner/john-boehner-says-us-health-care-system-best-world/) on what you are talking about and agrees, to an extent, that the study has its shortcomings.  They also note that the US healthcare system's flaws are real and glaring and the best they could do (futzing with the criteria) was get the US ranked 15.  Certainly better than 37th but still a long way off first place.

And besides, we see in other studies that the US ranks dead last.

The United States health care system is the most expensive in the world, but this report and prior editions consistently show the U.S. underperforms relative to other countries on most dimensions of performance. Among the 11 nations studied in this reportAustralia, Canada, France, Germany, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and the United Statesthe U.S. ranks last, as it did in the 2010, 2007, 2006, and 2004 editions of Mirror, Mirror. [SOURCE](http://www.commonwealthfund.org/publications/fund-reports/2014/jun/mirror-mirror)  




 However, whenever government gets involved, you also have the added cost of the bureaucracy (i.e. the people the government hires/appoints to be in charge of the universal healthcare plan or whatever, and the overhead for whatever their department needs to function). This would likely be part of the cost in tax-dollars, so might end up balancing out on the whole, or even making it more expensive if the department is not particularly efficient.

Our current for-profit system is decidedly anything BUT efficient.  Overhead costs in healthcare represent a HUGE portion of total healthcare costs:

More than 20 years ago, two Harvard professors published an article in the prestigious New England Journal of Medicine showing that health-care administration cost somewhere between 19 percent and 24 percent of total spending on health care and that this administrative burden helped explain why health care costs so much in the U.S. compared, for instance, with Canada or the United Kingdom. An update of that analysis more than a decade later, after the diffusion of managed care and the widespread adoption of computerization, found that administration constituted some 30 percent of U.S. health-care costs and that the share of the health-care labor force comprising administrative (as opposed to care delivery) workers had grown 50 percent to constitute more than one of every four health-sector employees.  SOURCE: [The Reason Health Care Is So Expensive: Insurance Companies](http://www.businessweek.com/articles/2013-04-10/the-reason-health-care-is-so-expensive-insurance-companies)

Also, while there is a cost to bureaucracy remember that in a for profit healthcare system you have companies adding to the cost of healthcare to make a profit.  Getting rid of the profit (as you would in universal healthcare) goes a long way towards mitigating any bureaucratic costs.
 




 One tactic in any argument is to characterize the other side in an unfavorable light.

So pro-choice people like to say their opponents are anti-choice because that sounds worse than pro-life.

The pro-life side likes to say their opponents are pro-abortion for the same reason.

Both sides want to frame the other side as unreasonable or evil or stupid or whatever...just portray them as unfavorably as possible.
 




 Almost certainly less.

In every country with a universal health care system [medical costs are substantially less than in the US.](http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/health-costs-how-the-us-compares-with-other-countries/)  

Their [health care outcomes are better](http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMp0910064) than in the US too. 









 Of particular interest in that article is [this graph](http://wp.newrepublic.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/NBC-Older-Voters-624x351.jpg) of voter ages.  Old people vote, young people stay home.  The results of that apathy are apparent today.
 














 ^ This.

There are numerous sites on the internet debunking republican craziness.

Jon Stewart nearly nightly lampoons republican stupidity.  So does Stephen Colbert.  Others like John Oliver do similar things.

I think it is telling that the biggest liberal icons are funny (e.g. Jon Stewart) while the biggest conservative icons sell fear (e.g. Rush Limbaugh).

At the end of the day the Republicans sell Fear, Uncertainty and Doubt (aka FUD).  Ebola?  Immigrants coming here to take your jobs?  Welfare queens sponging off the system and playing Nintendo while you work?  Death panels?  Big government?  Negroes in hoodies?  Gay marriage?

Take your pick and then some.

Republicans never tell you a solution.  They tell you who is at fault.  Never mind if their boogie men are phantoms.  Scared people want to believe all their problems are because of someone else holding them down....which is kinda funny if you think about it since republicans are the, "pull yourself up by your bootstraps and stop bitching about your lot in life" party.  YOU are not at fault for your lot in life!  It is the Negroes or Hispanics or Asians or Gays or Tree Huggers causing all your problems!

Republicans do not want a small government.  They just want their kind of big government.  The one that is in your living room and bedroom instead of the boardroom.  They do not want competition.  They want protection.  They do not want equality.  They want ownership.

When someone says, "I don't get how someone can vote for republicans," it is not that they misunderstand republicans or their platform.  It is in misunderstanding how people can vote so clearly against their best interests.  Republicans have some people convinced the end of the world will come from allowing homosexual couples to marry. It is beyond them to see the ways they are really being screwed.

Liberals are NOT unaware of this.  It is simply how to overcome fear which is difficult.  It takes education and work to understand the nuances of a complex society and for all too many that is just too much work.  

FAR easier to blame someone else.
 




 I live in Chicago and I very, very rarely see women harassed in this fashion (barring crazy homeless people; they harass nearly everyone).  And I do mean rarely.  Anecdotal sure and I am not always in the presence of young, attractive women but in a lifetime here you'd think I'd have seen it if it occurs as much as is portrayed in these videos (note: at some parades like Gay Pride all bets are off).

Maybe we roll in different hoods (me: Loop, Mag Mile, Streeterville, Gold Coast, Lakeview, Uptown, Edgewater and Andersonville mostly).
 




 Paying taxes is not the same as paying into Social Security.

For instance you pay for fire insurance but hope to never have to use it and expect nothing back from it down the road.

However, if you pay into your 401K retirement plan you very much expect to collect on it in the future.

"To be fair", old people receive more out of Social Security than they put in, for most people.

This certainly used to be true and early on in a VERY big way.  It is only semi-true now and depends on a variety of factors and assumptions in how you calculate it.  [Regardless though that gap has been narrowing dramatically so if your parents start collecting after 2020](http://i.imgur.com/hR0NG3c.png) they likely will not receive back what they paid in (on average).

Note that does NOT include Medicare which, when added, absolutely makes the elderly receive more than they paid in over their lifetimes (people are living longer and medical costs rise faster than inflation and incomes).  Even then the gap is narrowing and has been over the years. 




 To be fair they paid into the Social Security system their whole lives.

I am betting when you get to be 60 and have paid into Social Security for 40+ years you will also be expecting some payback on that (unless you are very wealthy and those checks would amount to a pittance for you).
 




 We can thank the French. Arkansas was named for the French plural of a Native American tribe, while Kansas is the English spelling of a similar one. Since the letter "s" at the end of French words is usually silent, we pronounce Bill Clinton's home state "Arkansaw."

Technically, Kansas and Arkansas stem from the same basic root, kk:ze: the native root for the Kansa tribe, often thought to mean "people of the south wind."

Kansas is named for the Kansas River, which is named for the Kansa tribe. It's the English spelling though, so naturally, we pronounce the final "s."

The French, however, left their mark on Arkansas' pronunciation. French explorers learned of a sect of the Quapaw, a Native American tribe in the territory now known as Arkansas, from the Algonquians, who called the people akansa (most likely related to the Kansa tribe).

Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/why-we-pronounce-kansas-and-arkansas-differently-2014-2#ixzz3HeciSQyx
 




 Forget chlorine.  Dihydrogen Monoxide kills!  [Over 350,000/year and it particularly affects children!](http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs347/en/)

Kit's mom should get on that and get it banned ASAP!!
 




 the panic and rage come from *ignorance*...

FTFY

She doesn't have ebola.  

She has no symptoms (and you need to be symptomatic to be contagious) and on top of that she has tested negative for ebola.

 




 I am posting this here because the video it is referring to was a heavily upvoted post on this subreddit: http://www.reddit.com/r/nyc/comments/2kkyq6/10_hours_of_walking_in_nyc_as_a_woman/

Thought folks here might be interested in the follow-up. 









 My Dog Skip

Never a dry eye in the room at the end.  




 DNFTT 




  Its easy to assume voter suppression because thats more exciting, but its also likely this group is trying to create a scandal just weeks before voting day in order to swing the tide of the vote...

It is easy to assume voter suppression because conservatives have been engaging in massive voter suppression.

This looks a lot like that.

Is this group trying to create a scandal where there is none?  Maybe but then it'd be odd for them to bring a court case to try and settle the case one way or the other.

If your side is full of shit seems to me the last thing you want is a court to assess the facts.
 




 Ever see something on Reddit and think you are the clever one for spotting a subtle and mildly humorous mistake and hit reply to regale everyone with your sharp eyes and acumen only to find pretty much everyone else saw it too?

Not surprising really but nevertheless is always a bit of a bummer.  
 




 Maybe [something like this](http://tricktreatorpic.files.wordpress.com/2014/10/2903e-10727765_382031121959914_635390135_n.jpg?w=520) except instead of snickers it's pot edibles.  




 The issue is (as I understand it) that there was an issue with the voter registrations that made it seem 40K voters were not registered.

The state then said, nope, no problem, we got 'em all.

The plaintiffs said prove it.  We are not going to take your word for it.

From this article it seems the courts will not look in to it and just take the state's word for it.

For my money I am not saying the state did anything wrong but I think they should have to prove it in this case (which is eminently doable).
 




 [While running against Reagan for the Presidential nomination in 1980, George H. W. Bush had derided Reaganomics as "voodoo economics".](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reaganomics#Historical_context)


Fast forward 34 years and the shit still doesn't work (go figure):
[Voodoo Economics, the Next Generation](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/06/opinion/paul-krugman-voodoo-economics-the-next-generation.html?_r=0)

Glad Hillary is with the program but she is very, very late to the game.  It would be one thing if she was decrying this all along.  She wasn't, she was a beneficiary.  

From her this is just populist rhetoric.  

Stand her up next to Elizabeth Warren and then judge. 




 You might want to check out [Ello](http://www.technologyreview.com/news/531231/saying-hello-to-ello-an-ad-free-facebook-alternative/).  They're still in beta but they have [signed legally binding documents to never put ads in your face and never sell your data.](https://vpncreative.net/2014/10/28/ello-signs-charter-never-sell-ads-data-vc-funding-round/)
 




 Huh? 




 But all things haven't been equal. The studies were mostly self-selected rich white lesbians. When a study comes around that was more equal, like the Regnerus study, what happens? Do you recall what happened there?

Yeah.  [Mark Regnerus Admits His Family Structures Study Wasnt About Gay Parenting](http://thinkprogress.org/lgbt/2012/10/30/1110591/regnerus-admits-gay-parenting/)

And, [Journals Internal Audit Finds Flawed Gay Parenting Study To Be Bullshit](http://thinkprogress.org/lgbt/2012/07/27/596251/gay-parenting-bullshit/)

They do the Liberal Science where they have an answer that matches their politics then divine a study to support it.

Pot meet kettle.  _

Define the scientific standard you will accept as evidence and will believe regardless of which way it goes.

So if you define different things differently then it's okay to discriminate?

Or are you saying domestic partnerships are unconstitutional because they have the potential to discriminate?

I said neither.  I said when you make a distinction between two things (marriage and domestic partnership in this case) then you have a place where the law can discriminate.

Are you saying that your only hangup is the name?  You'd be cool with a domestic partnership that was legally indistinguishable from marriage so long as no one calls it "marriage"?

But gay people have been getting normal married all the time. They were never denied access to the institution. What they were denied was the recognition that their unions were equivalent to normal ones.

That's because they are clearly different.

Because gay people have been discriminated against for centuries.

The differences are not important. If it is an important difference please tell us how they are different and why that difference matters sufficiently to discriminate against them.

How many of these decisions have rested on Kennedy's statements in Windsor? 

Not many. Windsor was decided in 2013.  Not all cases were decided after Windsor.  Windsor does lend cases since then some cover and indeed lower courts are *supposed* to defer to higher courts' precedents.  Nevertheless these courts may reference Windsor but their reasoning is not solely embedded in Windsor and make their own case why SSM bans are unconstitutional.

Kennedy is wrong because it isn't the case that the only reason not to pretend that a gay union is equivalent to a normal one is out of hatred for homosexuals.

I've already demonstrated that there are legitimate arguments that have nothing to do with animus to support natural marriages only. 

This guy does a better job explaining it than I can.  There is a lot of good legal analysis there:

Many commenters seem to be assuming that, in order for a law to qualify as sex discrimination, it has to be motivated by hostility to men or women. Not so. As the Supreme Court puts it, a law can qualify as unconstitutional sex discrimination so long as it is astatutory classification that distinguish between males and females. Similarly, a racial classification counts as racial discrimination for constitutional purposes even if the motives behind it are benign.

It is also not true that a ban on same-sex marriage avoids qualifying as sex discrimination because it affects members of both genders. It still denies rights to both men and women solely on account of their sex. The fact that Bob cannot marry Colin solely on account of gender is not somehow balanced by the fact that Anne is similarly forbidden to marry Carol. Similarly, a law banning interracial marriage still qualifies as race discrimination even though both blacks and whites are barred from marrying members of the other racial group. [SOURCE](http://volokh.com/2012/02/07/same-sex-marriage-bans-and-sex-discrimination/) 




 See that? He's saying we don't need academically rigorous studies, because faulty studies don't show any evidence!

Hardly scientific. This is a group who's already demonstrated a history of choosing politics and feelings over science on this topic.

No, he's not saying that.  

He is saying that in study after study they see NO indication that same sex couples are worse as parents than heterosexual couples. No matter how you slice it the results are the same that same sex parents are no worse for children than same sex parents everything else being equal (e.g. economic situation and so on).

That is not saying don't do science.  It is saying they have done science and so far there is no evidence that same sex couples are worse parents than hetero couples.  There is a laundry list of organizations that support this notion and I gave you a citation for it.

You are simply one of those people who reject all evidence except that which fits your preconceived notions.  

Family structures aren't defined by some state approval of romance. If these were to have existed, they would have existed.

Yeah.  I already said as much.  And?

Why do you think states have historically promoted normal marriage then?

It gives structure and means for property rights, inheritance, equitable distribution of assets in case of divorce (as well as a framework for dealing with such an event) and so on.  Without such things in place society would be a mess.

There is no reason why same sex couples should not benefit from that as well.  As you said the state does not care about who you love nor should it.  If two people want to share their life together and merge their resources then a legal structure surrounding that is helpful.

Uh, then why in states where gays had these via domestic partnerships were they still challenged?

If you define things differently then you can discriminate between them in law and have laid the ground work for doing so.  If the state decides to call ALL marriages "domestic partnerships" then fine but they were not doing that.

Why deny poly's who want a poly marriage?

The legal structures around marriage are wholly inadequate for a polygamous marriage.

If one person wants to leave the marriage and there are five spouses does he/she get 20% of the estate (what if doing so means selling the house and putting the rest of the family out?)?  

If one is a mother does she get her kid(s) or will the courts say it is not fair to take the child from his/her brothers and sisters?  

In the case of a spouse unable to make his/her own medical decisions who gets to decide for them?  What if there is a disagreement?

In short it'd be a complete mess from a legal standpoint and the state does care about that stuff.

It's already been demonstrated that the state has no interest in approving gay romance. It's not denying them anything, it's simply not recognizing their relations as something they are not and pretending they are the same.

The same argument was given when interracial marriage was the question.  No one was denying people the right to marry.  They just could not marry outside of their own race.  That's fair right?

Right. It's because one man poisoned the well, and it's become a big circular reasoning firing squad.

Wow, so all those courts are just wrong and unable to see what is so clear to you and others.  They didn't look at evidence or jurisprudence or anything like that.  They are all blinded by one guy who managed to hoodwink the whole judiciary.

Tell you what, read some of the decisions then come back and tell the rest of us where the judge went wrong.  I did it for your one judge who gave an opinion you liked.

I gave you arguments already. My condolences.

And I debunked all of your arguments.  Sorry but you've got nothing so far.

You'd [probably like this guy.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8JsRx2lois)

 




 I'm really sorry but those studies aren't academically rigorous. These studies are nearly universally self-selected rich white lesbians. This is called sampling bias and cannot be generalized. Further rich white kids tend to have better outcomes regardless of family structure.

Yes, this is the usual reply given.  Fact is this has and is being studied a great deal, especially lately. 

Judith Stacey, of New York University, stated: "Rarely is there as much consensus in any area of social science as in the case of gay parenting, which is why the American Academy of Pediatrics and all of the major professional organizations with expertise in child welfare have issued reports and resolutions in support of gay and lesbian parental rights".[27] These organizations include the American Academy of Pediatrics,[6] the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry,[1] the American Psychiatric Association,[28] the American Psychological Association,[29] the American Association for Marriage and Family Therapy,[30] the American Psychoanalytic Association,[31] the National Association of Social Workers,[32] the Child Welfare League of America,[33] the North American Council on Adoptable Children,[34] and Canadian Psychological Association.[35] In 2006, Gregory M. Herek stated in American Psychologist: "If gay, lesbian, or bisexual parents were inherently less capable than otherwise comparable heterosexual parents, their children would evidence problems regardless of the type of sample. This pattern clearly has not been observed. Given the consistent failures in this research literature to disprove the null hypothesis, the burden of empirical proof is on those who argue that the children of sexual minority parents fare worse than the children of heterosexual parents."[7] [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LGBT_parenting)

.

Further, it doesn't even pass the laugh test to claim that gay parents of adopted kids are better parents then normal ones. If that were even remotely true our history would be littered with examples of societies organizing around the homosexual union. 

You are intentionally conflating what the studies are actually studying:

In a 2006 statement the Canadian Psychological Association released an updated statement on their 2003 and 2005 conclusions, saying, "The CPA recognizes and appreciates that persons and institutions are entitled to their opinions and positions on this issue. However, CPA is concerned that some persons and institutions are mis-interpreting the findings of psychological research to support their positions, when their positions are more accurately based on other systems of belief or values."[3] Several professional organizations have noted that studies which opponents of LGBT parenting claim as evidence that same-sex couples are unfit parents do not in fact address same-sex parenting, however, and therefore do not permit any conclusions to be drawn about the effects of the sexes or sexual orientations of parents. Rather, these studies, which only sampled heterosexual parents, found that it was better for children to be raised by two parents instead of one, and/or that the divorce or death of a parent had a negative effect on children.[3][49] In Perry v. Brown, in which Judge Vaughn Walker found that the available studies on stepchildren, which opponents of same-sex marriage cited to support their position that it is best for a child to be raised by its biological mother and father, do not isolate "the genetic relationship between a parent and a child as a variable to be tested" and only compare "children raised by married, biological parents with children raised by single parents, unmarried mothers, step families and cohabiting parents," and thus "compare various family structures and do not emphasize biology."[50] Perry also cited studies showing that "adopted children or children conceived using sperm or egg donors are just as likely to be well-adjusted as children raised by their biological parents."[50]

Gregory M. Herek noted that "empirical research can't reconcile disputes about core values, but it is very good at addressing questions of fact. Policy debates will be impoverished if this important source of knowledge is simply dismissed as a 'he said, she said' squabble."[51] [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LGBT_parenting)

.

What?

If you lack the legal protections that come with marriage then having children with another person is far more fraught with danger (e.g. what happens in a split, what happens if one parent dies, etc.)

If same sex couples can marry then having an extended family becomes a much more reasonable possibility.  So, if the state's interest is in fostering extended families then it is without a doubt in the state's interest to allow same sex marriages as opposed to banning them.

What is the State's interest in approving of who adult homosexuals love?

None.  Neither is it in the state's interest to approve of who heterosexuals love.  Not sure what your point is.

Incorrect. If the State is in the business of approving romantic expression, how can it discriminate against those who do not conform to the romantic binary? If the state approves of the romance between two homosexuals, then it must also approve the romance of other groupings.

Because it is not about the state approving of romantic expression.  Never has been.  The state's interest extends to legal issues such as inheritance and medical power of attorney and tax benefits and social security benefits and so on.  Those benefits are being denied to a particular group and for no rational reason.

There IS a rational reason for denying it to someone who wants to marry their dog or someone who wants to marry more than one person.

Legal convenience is a human right now?

If the state grants you a right it needs to have a good reason for denying that same right to another citizen.  There is no good reason to deny these rights to same sex couples beyond animus towards that group.  There is a reason 15+ court cases all across the country have found SSM bans unconstitutional and why the US Supreme Court knocked down DOMA.

That's because that was still marriage. This new marriage isn't, its gay marriage.

No animus at all.

The arguments against allowing interracial marriage were [practically identical to the arguments being made today against SSM.](http://www.mediaite.com/online/bet-you-cant-tell-the-difference-between-these-actual-anti-interracial-and-anti-gay-marriage-quotes/#0)
 




  http://www.al.com/news/huntsville/index.ssf/2014/09/governor_ag_explain_need_for_a.html[1]
 
 
 
 Nothing bigoted in that reasoning.

Yes there is.

1. Biological parents best candidates for "office" of mother and father

There is no evidence whatsoever to support this.  If anything the opposite is true.

[Children of same-sex couples are happier and healthier than peers, research shows](http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2014/07/07/children-of-same-sex-couples-are-happier-and-healthier-than-peers-research-shows/)

2. Gay married couples don't have extended families

And why don't they?  Because they lack the legal protections of marriage that hetero couples enjoy.  If same sex couples are allowed to marry many more will seek to have children.  Many already do (see article linked just above).

Apart from that there is NO requirement that hetero couples have children in order to be married.  What if your fiance had a hysterectomy for some reason?  Should she be banned from marriage?  What if an elderly couple wants to get married and can no longer have children.  Should they be banned from marriage?  Quite simply the law has never regarded "having children" as the litmus test for marriage.  Even if it does same sex couples can and do have children.

3. Prevents marriages of "two or more"

Allowing same sex marriage is NOT the same thing as allowing polygamous marriages.  It is a strawman that is often held up that if you allow same sex marriages then really any marriage is allowable...marry your dog for instance.  As it happens there are actually good reasons for not allowing polygamous marriages (or marriages to your dog).

4. Makes settling estates easier to handle 

No, it does not.  If that is true for same sex couples then it also MUST be true for hetero couples.  Indeed one of the big reasons same sex couples want to be allowed to marry is that it makes the dispensation of their estate simpler. 

5. Altering social norms undermines a "civil society"

You could say the same for ending interracial marriages which were thrown out in Loving v. Virgina.  The world didn't end though and few would argue for a return to those marriage restrictions.
 




  Do you think SCOTUS in 1888 was affirming gay marriage or just the right to normal marriages?

Note is says 14 times since 1888.  I have no doubt that in 1888 they did not mean gay marriage.  In this case, the banning of ALL marriages, they will run squarely into even the 1888 decision not to mention all the rest.  No need to invoke same sex marriage on that one.

All that said there is a reason that 15+ court cases recently have all found the bans on same sex marriage unconstitutional and made same sex marriage legal in more than half of US states.  You simply cannot read the constitution and find a way to ban same sex marriage for anything other than bigoted purposes.

 




  Would you have made the same argument in the cases of the states back in the 1960s that did not wish to allow interracial marriages?

Do not get me wrong.  I am not agreeing with the fuckwit Idaho GOPer.  I am merely saying he can threaten to take his ball and go home and have his temper tantrum but it really won't change anything.  Eventually they'll figure that out and won't block marriage in Idaho.

Even if they did manage to ban all marriage in Idaho (which I seriously doubt) it will not avail them much anyway.  The US Supreme Court has deemed marriage a fundamental right.

**Fourteen times since 1888, the United States Supreme Court has stated that marriage is a fundamental right of all individuals.**  In these cases, the Court has reaffirmed that freedom of personal choice in matters of marriage is one of the liberties protected by the Due Process Clause, essential to the orderly pursuit of happiness by free men, and sheltered by the Fourteenth Amendment against the States unwarranted usurpation, disregard, or disrespect.  [SOURCE](http://www.afer.org/blog/14-supreme-court-cases-marriage-is-a-fundamental-right/)
 




 3. Youth voter turnout rates also declined from 2008 to 2012, contrary to initial reports based on the national Election Day exit polls, which had shown the youth voter turnout rate holding steady. According to the Census Bureau report, the turnout rate among 18-to 24-year olds fell to 41.2% in 2012 from 48.5% in 2008. (Most of the post-election analysis of the youth vote focused on 18- to 29-year-olds and showed no change in voter turnout rates between 2008 and 2012; the Census Bureau report only provides an analysis for those ages 18 to 24 years.) The turnout rates of adults ages 65 and older roseto 71.9% in 2012 from 70.3% in 2008, according to the Census Bureau report.  SOURCE:  http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2013/05/08/six-take-aways-from-the-census-bureaus-voting-report/

I am willing to bet if millenials turned out and voted in the same percentages as the 65 and older crowd you'd see them taken seriously by politicians and they'd have an effect on the political landscape.

Millennial apathy is a self fulfilling prophecy.
 




 Its difficult to imagine so full of hate, so hell-bent on denying all the obligations and privileges that accompany marriage to same-sex couples, that they would be willing to demolish the institution altogether. From a legal point of view, thats what the cessation of the issuance of marriage licenses would do in that state. 

Nah.

I doubt there is anywhere in Idaho that is more than a three hour drive from a neighboring state (and most of the population is lot closer to a border than that).  So, simply cross a border, get married and then Idaho has to recognize the marriage via the Full Faith and Credit clause of the US Constitution.

Bit of a hassle sure but not all that much to get married.   




 Very cool. (really...super neat tech)

As noted in the video though it seemingly cannot take into account road conditions (e.g. rain, snow).

I am interested how it knows how heavy a load it is carrying which they do not mention.  That data is certainly critical.

Overall though very neat stuff.

The question remains do any other manufactures have advanced safety systems or is Volvo the only game in town for this stuff? (Again, really asking.) 




  No thanks, I'll take one of those fancy European trucks[1]   any day of the week.

US trucks don't have advanced safety features? (I am really asking, I do not know.)

Also, I am curious if there was any cargo in that trailer in your video.  I cannot imagine a heavily laden truck stopping in that short of a distance.  If they can that is awesome but I am dubious it is possible.
 




 What amazes me is how, of all the countries seeking nukes, they got them.  Iran which is far larger and more prosperous is still dicking around trying to get one but NK has had one for years?  

WTF?  It really is not at all easy to produce nukes yet a country that is about as backwater and behind the times as NK is manages it?

Just baffles me.
 




 Was expecting a [Roseanne Barr version](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ls1YVhcLD2c) of the national anthem.  

Was happily surprised it wasn't and that it was well done.

I was thinking if anyone would do it like Roseanne it'd be Jack Black but I think the [Rosanne episode](http://www.people.com/people/archive/article/0,,20118450,00.html) (although seriously...what the fuck did they expect?) made it abundantly clear to all who come after her that you don't fuck around with the US national anthem.
 




 Technically they are the same thing.

For instance H2O (water) is the same regardless if it was made in a lab or came from a lake (not counting other impurities...which may or may not be good for you like minerals or toxic waste...that might be in lake water).

Taurine would be the same in this respect.  It has a chemical makeup and no matter how it was produced the end result is identical no matter the source or method to produce it.

That said it is usually not as healthy to take supplements as it is to let nature sort things out.

As an example diabetics have a harder time and more health related issues taking insulin manually rather than having it naturally produced.

Same for a cat getting its taurine.

You CAN give it taurine but better if it gets it naturally via its natural diet (meat) as it will be regulated much more efficiently and correctly via natural means.

EDIT to add: Also, manufactured sources may be dodgy.  It is difficult to discern how careful one source is from another.  Taurine is taurine but if manufactured it is possible other impurities are present which could be bad.  Again, natural sources are preferable.   




 Relevant: [Sleeper - The Orgasmatron](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Isrd7E5nzIQ)
 




 Kids these days...

Check out the [IBM 305 RAMAC](http://boingboing.net/filesroot/image001.jpg) (yes, it is the thing on the forklift).

5MB of awesome!  (Yes, five whole megabytes.)

It weighed over a ton and in 1957 you could lease it for $3,200/month which today is [about $27,000](http://data.bls.gov/cgi-bin/cpicalc.pl?cost1=3200 year1=1957 year2=2014).

Believe it or not that was a technological marvel and leap forward in mass storage technology when it came out.
 




 The thing is the taurine a cat needs ~~must come from an animal source~~. 

I used to help adopt dogs at my local shelter and the people helping with the cats said they would occasionally get some vegans who wanted a vegetarian cat.  They were told it is a horrible idea and will hurt/kill the cat.

Yes, there are taurine supplements you can sprinkle on their food but ~~it is animal protein processed into a powder.  While it no longer looks like meat it pretty much still is.~~

~~So, if that cat food has taurine then it is not vegetarian.~~

~~You simply cannot feed a cat a 100% vegetarian diet to without hurting it.~~

Taurine is a type of amino acid, and amino acids form the main constituents of all proteins. Taurine is exclusively found in animal-based proteins. It is critical for normal vision, normal digestion, normal heart muscle function, to maintain normal pregnancy and fetal development, and to maintain a healthy immune system. Taurine is an essential amino acid in the cat.  [SOURCE](http://www.vcahospitals.com/main/pet-health-information/article/animal-health/taurine-in-cats/3857)

EDIT to add:  Per some other comments below it seems I was wrong and that taurine can be produced synthetically (and it is in great quantities) .  Taurine, while referred to as an amino acid, is actually an amino sulfonic acid.

That said feeding your cat a vegetarian diet is fraught with risk to the cat and great care must be taken to be sure it gets proper nutrition.  A cat is a carnivore through and through.  Mother nature made it that way and its health is geared to derive what it needs from animal sources and not vegetable sources.

Apart from the taurine issue cats can suffer from urinary tract problems more easily if they are kept on a vegan diet due to the relative acidity of meat to vegetables.  

tl;dr It is *possible* to feed a cat a vegan diet and for it to thrive but that diet must be maintained with great care and some difficulty or problems can occur.  Bottom line a cat is built as a carnivore and it'll be a lot happier as well as easier to maintain it on a meat based diet.
 









 Can you say "Big Brother"?

*"Those Who Sacrifice Liberty For Security Deserve Neither"* ~Benjamin Franklin 









  I can't comment on what it was like when you could stack units but without considering other Civ games...

You missed out on the love/hate for [stacks of doom](http://www.civfanatics.net/uploads4/SOTD_9.JPG) 




 Sorry it didn't work as intended.  I linked to a particular time in that video.  It should have started there rather than at the beginning.

If for some reason it doesn't forward in the video to the time stamp linked then jump to 3:55.  Watch as long as you want but I think you get the idea watching about a minute. 




 All of a sudden [this scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=Jp7SNoYOQmY#t=235) from the movie Aliens becomes a lot more believable.
 




 Just watch [this compilation of dogs seeing their person returning from military deployment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKBcs9tNWg8) (i.e. the human has been gone a long time).  The dogs lose it in joy and happiness at seeing their person again.  It is unmistakable.  It goes beyond the normal "been gone all day/took out the trash" greeting.

Clearly the dogs remember their person and miss their person deeply and remember them even after many months have passed.

Read the [story of Hachik](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hachik%C5%8D), a dog in Japan who would meet his human at the train every day.  One day his person didn't come home (he had died).  The dog returned to the station every day till the dog died hoping to greet his person again.  The dog has a statue there now remembering him and his loyalty.  There are other stories of dogs doing similar things when their person dies.

There is no way for this soldier's dogs to know he has died.  They will just keep waiting for him to come home and will be disappointed that he doesn't.  In time they will be less and less worried that he has not come home but they will never forget him and they will miss him...same as the rest of us humans.


 




 I'd be willing to ship you a bottle.

That said I have zero clue as to the legality or issues with shipping alcohol internationally so I'll make you a deal:

If you sort out how to ship it and it is all legal for both of us (which *includes* you being old enough to legally drink alcohol where you live) and you spell it out for me I'll send you a bottle (my treat...no cost to you if you do the leg work to figure out how to do it).

Careful what you wish for though...this stuff is pretty nasty to most people (I mean it literally when I say it reminds me of bug spray).  Its best use I have found is as punishment for losing a bet.
 




 He may be polarizing on political matters but this should not be a political matter.  I would hope anyone, right or left on the political spectrum, would agree with what Murphy said here.

In the US I would expect partisan bullshit at times like this.  I do not expect it from Canada. 




 He is purposely trying to play it off as a "she".  What is he pissed about?  Is he pissed when someone pegs him as a guy or goes with him as a woman?

I'm betting he will play that card either way as it suits him.
 




  I know a good many people who can't handle single malt Scotch, or gin.

I can.

If you're ever in Chicago give me a ring and I'll buy you a shot of [Malort](http://www.thrillist.com/drink/chicago/14-things-you-didn-t-know-about-malort-thrillist-chicago).  Pretty sure it is sold only in Chicago.

I've had it twice...once just to try it and another time cuz I lost a bet.

In my view tastes like bug spray.  Their own advertising suggests that something like 49 out of 50 people who try it never try it again.

That said I have met people who love it.  

From the link above:

Malort is an incredibly small operation (they have two employees, including the owner), and while their budget can't afford print ads, fan-created ads are right in their wheelhouse. Here's just some of their ad wizardry:

    Malort, kick your mouth in the balls!
    Malort, when you need to unfriend someone IN PERSON.
    Malort, tonight's the night you fight your dad.
    Malort, the Champagne of pain.
    Malort, turning taste-buds into taste-foes for generations.
    Drink Malort, it's easier than telling people you have nothing to live for.
    Malort, what soap washes its mouth out with.
    Malort, these pants aren't going to sh** themselves.
 




 I heard something similar (although the rumor I heard was that a pilot once touched the heated glass and got a bad burn even through his gloves...those are pretty serious gloves they wear though so I am dubious).
 




 If it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck it *might* be a Martian alien masquerading as a duck but then again it might just be a duck. 




  You can make a video like this that picks apart any game/movie/song/etc. A lot of nit picks, and making fun of silly little video game quirks. 

You can do this with anything.  For example listening to this made me think how they'd describe sex:

*"First I had to remove her clothes.  Tedious but ok, figured I'd keep going to get to the better stuff.  After that where's the substance?  This first 20 minutes is some kissing, some caressing but that gets old fast.  When you get to the main part it is just in and out, in and out repeated.  How repetitive can you get?*  

*She's beautiful but seriously, there's just not much there, seen it before, been there, done that, no mystery.  I tried to like it but meh..."*

 




  So what are we supposed to do about the tyranny of the current minority?

The fix is simple.

Make the filibuster the good old stand on the floor talking till you drop kind while maintaining a quorum in the senate.

That way they can filibuster for the things they REALLY care about but otherwise won't bother.

IIRC the senate majority leader can force this anytime he/she wants but they don't because none of them wants to sit there listening to someone read the phonebook when there are fund raisers to go to.
 




  What is a complication?

A "complication", in this case, is a term used by watchmakers to mean anything the watch does beyond displaying the time (hours and minutes).  So, for example, a day of the month display would be one complication, a split second hand would be a second complication, phases of the moon a third and so on.
 




  It never ceases to amaze me how massively outclassed the Allied tanks were for a good portion of the war...

Outclassed is a bit misleading here.

Yes, when a Tiger was in working order with the supplies it needed it was a fearsome weapon and no Allied tank matched it (IIRC in the battle of Kursk Soviet tank drivers took to ramming the Tiger since it was about the only way they could stop one).

But that formidability does you little good when it spends more time getting repaired or idled for various reasons (it was a maintenance nightmare).  

It was a great tank but it was complex and expensive.  The Soviets showed what a "good enough" tank could do in the T-34.  By German standards it was a piece of shit in fit and finish but it had it where it counted.  Sloping armor and enough of it and a good gun.  Indeed its kinda loose manufacturing tolerances made it much easier to service in the field.  And of course they built a jillion of them.

Remember the Sherman was never remotely meant to be a match for a Tiger.  It was a medium tank and the Tiger was about the heaviest of heavy tanks.  It is one case where America opted for numbers over quality.

Someone once said, "Quantity has a quality all its own."
 




 No, it is a [175th anniversary limited edition (seven copies made) watch.](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-10-13/patek-philippe-unveils-grandmaster-chime-the-world-s-most-complicated-wristwatch-ever-.html)

It is the most complex watch ever made (20 complications).
 




 The other problem is that while Maddox makes some good points he implies a world where someone should be the arbiter of what is "good" and worthy of publication.

That world is a lot scarier than a world with BuzzFeed in it.
 




 Do you really think the primary goal is to reduce speeding?

I have no doubt they tell you that but when revenue from speed camera is a budget item and the city frets it is not collecting enough traffic fines it tells us the system's primary goal is generating revenue for the city.
 




 Nope (did not ask him to "go fast" or "hurry" or any such thing).  I realized though that he had just wiped out a good part of his profit for the night. 




 From the article:

Drivers in Chicago have gotten wise to speed cameras, budget figures show, and now the city needs to come up with $50 million in revenue. 

I was in a cab that was nailed by that Irving Park Rd. camera.

Hate those things. 









 It won [outstanding Achievement in Makeup](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/An_American_Werewolf_in_London#Makeup_effects) the first year it was given at the Academy Awards.

IIRC doing the makeup for that scene took many hours to pull off as they meticulously applied little changes at a time. 




 Animaniacs was amazing.  The writing and voice acting were outstanding.

My favorite is the [tongue twister episode with Pinky   the Brain](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIu4fP4fOHE).  It is based off of the reputedly [hardest tongue twister in the world](http://www.dogonews.com/2013/12/7/mit-researchers-reveal-the-worlds-toughest-tongue-twister) (at least in English) according to the Guiness Book of Records.

It's astonishing they even thought to try it much less pull it off so well. 




 Some of the biggest wimps I have ever met are bullies who get the tables turned on them.  They seem to forget that there is always a bigger fish and it is beautiful when bullies get their comeuppance.
 




  I don't believe youre reading what I'm writing. Also, starting a post with belligerent, pedantic insults about "magical fairies" prohibits me from discussing this in a decent manner. 

I listed the clear and unmistakable references in the 12-steps to a higher power.  If you do not want to call that god then anything is game including magical sky fairies.  You just cannot hand-wave it away when it is inconvenient for you.  

It is there in the steps, like it or not, and there are plenty of AA groups that are explicitly heavy on the religion.  If you live in a big city you likely will have options.  If you live in the country you likely have one choice and if mandated by a court that is what you get whether you like it or not.  If that group is a bunch of holy rollers that is what you get (had a friend in college get one of those in rural Indiana).

I'm not going to go though point by point. You clearly have a misunderstanding in regards to differentiating 12 Step fellowships (like AA) and the 12 Step treatment model used in professional facilities. They are not one and the same. My "chill AA group" is a certified drug and alcohol treatment center that is no way associated with any 12 Step fellowship. We simply use the 12 Step modality as part of our program. 

You are responding in a thread about AA and we are talking about AA's 12-steps and you want me to be able to distinguish between your 12-steps and AA's 12-steps?  I am to go back and read your past posts on this topic so I know what you are talking about?

That's not how this works.  First, I would submit that if you call your steps 12-steps and AA calls theirs 12-steps then there is going to be confusion.  If your 12-steps are distinct from AA's 12-steps it is up to you to tell the rest of us because the rest us will be understandably confused.  We will not just guess that your way is somehow different.

Further, I am betting that a "certified drug and alcohol treatment center" is not free to attend like most AA meetings are.  My GF was in one, she paid for it and the first time she slipped up and drank again they kicked her out of the program (easy to show a success rate when you kick out those you worry will not be successful).  For what it is worth she's fine now but that was a hard time for her and really crushed her.

If your system is applying a rigorous scientific model to addiction treatment then great.  I know it is difficult.  It remains that the AA system as pushed all over the US is worthless or worse as a treatment. 




 IIRC in Japan games used to release on a Friday.  The Japanese are so into games that huge portions of the country's workforce would call in sick or take time off that it was literally having an economic negative impact on the country.  As a result they passed a law making release dates be on Tuesdays (or something...it has been a long time and I cannot find a citation for this so take with a grain of salt but pretty sure I remember this happening like this).
 




 First off six of the twelve steps resort to a "higher power".  Not you fixing yourself but you putting your recovery in the hands of god or a magic sky fairy or invisible pink unicorns or whatever.

- Came to believe that a power greater than ourselves could restore us to sanity.

- Made a decision to turn our will and our lives over to the care of God as we understood Him.

- Admitted to God, to ourselves, and to another human being the exact nature of our wrongs.

- Were entirely ready to have God remove all these defects of character.

- Humbly asked Him to remove our shortcomings.

- Sought through prayer and meditation to improve our conscious contact with God as we understood Him, praying only for knowledge of His will for us and the power to carry that out.

The twelfth step is a command to spread the word (i.e. proselytize):

- Having had a spiritual awakening as the result of these steps, we tried to carry this message to alcoholics, and to practice these principles in all our affairs.

Second, while your particular AA group was pretty chill about the whole god thing some AA groups most decidedly are not and it is a full court press at converting people to religion (I have personally known people who have been to this sort).  More problematic is courts will mandate AA treatment with no regard for effectiveness or that they are forcing people to go to a religious service.

Third, as noted above there is pretty much no scientific evidence for the efficacy of AA.  Sure there are LOTS of anecdotes out there but isn't it interesting you only hear about the success stories?  That is because it is self selecting.  If you finish the twelve steps the last step tells you to go out and spread the word.  If you don't finish you fall by the wayside and probably never speak up about it.

Fourth, AA was founded by Bill Wilson who found god while tripping his balls off in a hospital.

Bill Wilson, cofounder of Alcoholics Anonymous (AA), was admitted to Towns Hospital four times between 1933 and 1934. On his fourth and last stay he showed signs of delirium tremens[15] and was treated with the Belladonna Cure. He had his "Hot Flash"[vague] spiritual awakening while undergoing this treatment, either on his second or third night, depending on the source.[11] When he was released from Towns Hospital after a seven day stay, he never drank again.

snip

The formula[clarification needed] for Towns-Lambert cure was the deliriant, Atropa belladonna, also called deadly nightshade. The effects of belladonna include delirium, hallucinations, light sensitivity, confusion, and dry mouth. The second ingredient in the mixture was another deliriant, Hyoscyamus niger, also known as henbane, hog's bean, or insane root. It contained two alkaloids, hyoscyamine and hyoscine. The third major ingredient was the dried bark or berries of Xanthoxylum americanum, or prickly ash, added to help with diarrhea and intestinal cramps.[7] The dosage given was determined by the physiologic reaction of each patient. When the face became flushed, the throat dry, and the eyes dilated, the amount of the mixture was reduced or stopped.[8]

The mixture was given every hour, day and night, for nearly 50 hours. The end of the treatment was marked by the abundance of stools and then castor oil was given to the patient as a further purgative.[8] The treatment was also described as 'puke and purge'. [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_B._Towns#The_Belladonna_Cure)

Are you actually comfortable that the whole "science" of AA is based off the experience of a person who saw god while *literally* out of his mind tripping?
 




 There are two notions when it comes to sentencing. 

1) Punishment
2) Rehabilitation

Both are needed and should comprise a final sentence.  




 Unfortunately that video is showing as unavailable. 

Any mirrors?  (I looked but did not find any)

EDIT to add:  Apparently it is the October 9, 2014 episode which can be seen here: http://thedailyshow.cc.com/full-episodes/40z49z/october-9--2014---jeremy-renner 




 Sure they did.

The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit thought it was peachy as did (apparently) SCOTUS justices Thomas, Alito and Scalia.

Apparently the courts are fine with this kind of bullshit.  I wonder what they'd do if some state tried the same thing with their gun laws.  Say make a law that all gun shops keep their guns locked in a vault on par with Ft. Knox...you know...for safety!

 




 Sorry, that is the only way I have it.

Cropping the image would be easy though to get rid of that and you wouldn't lose anything important to the picture.

That or perhaps some Photoshop whiz here can erase that (if you know what you are doing with Photoshop I think that is pretty easy).
 









 This happens on Reddit a lot. If he/she did not explicitly point out it was sarcasm then almost certainly someone would be having a hissyfit about how inappropriate it is to burn buildings over a hockey match.  




 "...our president is a Muslim communist Nazi Kenyan Manchurian candidate."

/sarcasm 




 What the fuck is wrong with these people?

(Note: Not unique to the UK) 




 On a crowded elevator turn to your friend and ask:

"So, how's that rash coming along?" 




 - The Magic Door. 

- Romper Room 

- The Banana Splits 




 Democrat and Republican are not ideologies.  They are political parties that espouse a particular set of ideologies.  Generally people will join one or the other based on what the party stands for.

That said you may be a liberal but join and support the republican party because (as an example) you feel your business interests will be best served by the republican party.   




 Aquaman is pretty powerful.  IIRC he fought the Justice League to a standstill.

 




  He is ridiculously underrated.

He is ridiculously OP. 









 It seems ridiculous, at least to me, that a candidate can get 51% of the vote and therefore get 100% of the electoral college votes.

Err...in a direct vote if a candidate gets 51% of the vote they win so what is it you are complaining about?

The inherent problem is that the minority gets no voice. It limits the "swing states" to being the only areas really motivated to go out to the booths on voting day.

Wow, this is just so wrong.

In a direct vote candidates could utterly ignore the "fly over states".  They need a majority and that majority is squarely in the major cities and a few big states.  In a direct vote how much time would you expect candidates to pay to Alaska or North Dakota or Vermont?

The Electoral College is akin to trying to win the World Series.  The winner is not the team with the most runs scored over seven games.  It is the team that wins four of seven games.  Each game matters unto itself and no one I have ever heard thinks the World Series system would be better and more fair if it was just who scored the most runs overall regardless of winning a particular game.
 




 Can you say "punt"?
 









 Why am I getting downvoted (seriously)?
 




 ...multiplayer-only titles just don't interest me all that much. 

Ditto.

It is of course fine that such games are made and clearly some people really enjoy them.

Thing is multiplayer only games are very polarizing.  There will be some elite few who excel at a given game.  The rest are either mediocre and casual or just downright not adept at such games.

That puts a *huge* barrier in the way of building a large gaming community around a game.

My experience with many such games is if you aren't elite you get your ass handed to you on a regular basis and frankly that sucks after awhile (allowing for learning curve time in there).  Add to that, more often than not, other players are grade-A shit heads to you with the smack talk.  I'm a big boy and smack doesn't bother me much but then neither do I want to spend my free-time trying to have some fun having loudmouths berate me.

And the thing is there are always some group of players for any game who seem to have nothing better to do than play the game till they are fantastically good leaving the rest of the players with little chance.  Add to that as a 40-something guy I have an insanely hard time gathering friends together to play at the same time for more than 30 minutes much less a couple hours (life and all that gets in the way).

So for some few these games are great and I really think there is a place for these types of games as much as any other.  Just realize when all is said and done there is a very narrow market for them and only some few will really "make it".

All that said as an indie group seems like they really did something good here and I wish such groups have more success as a general matter so they keep trying to turn out new stuff (whatever it may be).

 




 She's also an [award winning stand-up comedian](http://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en sl=no u=http://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/Selda_Ekiz prev=/search%3Fq%3Dselda%2Bekiz%26biw%3D1920%26bih%3D1089).

Brains, beauty and humor in spades.  Helluva combo... 




  Hell, look at how people treat games like Call of Duty. They are solid games that are very approachable to the masses, yet "true gamers" turn their noses up at it because, frankly, it's a popular game that's not hard to get into as a non-gamer. 

I may be wrong (probably am) but my sense of the dislike for Call of Duty is its inability to do anything but serve up the same game over and over.  It's not that it is a "bad" game but rather like a good meal that you keep getting served over and over again.  Eventually it gets old and boring. 




  ...whats worse..is that they already HAVE them on their side. 

If a sitting member doesn't toe-the-line on things like this their constituents will primary them out of office. 




 Also a Chicagoan.  Can confirm.  $1,000/month won't get you a whole lot.  Cheaper than NY or SF but hardly a bargain either.
 




 People probably assume something needs to be high powered to hit something (anything) that far away.

Regardless though the issue is less about how dangerous the weapon is at that distance versus the White House (with bullet proof windows and what not) than it is that someone could do this and the Secret Service not even notice for days.

 




 Well...it depends but often a bad game is due to the publisher rushing the developers to put the game out regardless of its state and/or forcing the developers to do things the developer doesn't want (e.g. put multiplayer in regardless if it makes sense).

Devs can of course make a bad game without any "help" from a publisher but often you can tell which party is more to blame.
 




 I put him on in the background while I do other things (clean, browse Reddit...whatever).  I click back occasionally to get a sense of the visuals.
 




 Anything is "easy" once you know how.
 




  Not to mention, her association with the AEI is hardly grounds to write her off as anti feminist ( hello ad hominem)...

You're right.

Being associated with AEI does not make you ipso facto wrong.

It does however mean that immediate suspicion and careful scrutiny should be given because AEI is distinctly partisan.  As I mentioned Phyllis Schlafly was working with AEI on feminism at one point which hardly inspires trust about their stance on the topic.

As for Breitbart...well...let's just say if Breitbart.com says the sun comes up in the east I will believe them but get up early tomorrow just to make sure.
 




 Those two certainly were/are(?) influential in the women's movement.  I think "feminist" these days is too broad a brush to paint with as there are some distinct and important differences among them.

Anecdotal I know but when I bring up those two to female friends of mine (women who self describe as feminist) they *explicitly* repudiate anything like being like-minded with Dworkin or MacKinnon.
 




 You made my point.

The people who can be arsed to go out and protest are the ones who feel all righteous and indignant about whatever it is.

When you get thousands and tens of thousands protesting nationally  such as happened during the Civil Rights movement or Occupy Wall Street then maybe there is something there.

When you get a bare handful (if that) who go and shout down some speaker here and there it is hardly a "movement".  The SJW types are fringe and they know it.  They love rattling cages and making mountains of mole hills to have even the barest sense that they are relevant.

You engaging them and freaking out is giving them the attention they crave.  In a weird way people like you enable them.  
 




 Right, because lord knows there's not 10x as many SJW-esque feminist activists running around spouting misandrist nonsense as there are these decent feminist activists that you so fondly seem to think there are?

Do you have any actual numbers on this?

I know (like most people) many women.  Most would say they are a feminist.  None would align themselves with the SJW movement.  Anecdotal I know but one I am willing to bet most people experience.

SJW is the squeaky wheel.  They are loud and noisy and as a result get attention out of all proportion to their actual numbers.  Nothing new in this tactic. 




 Sure but they are on the "same side" on only a narrow range of particular points and their reasoning for "agreeing" on these points is completely different.  Feminists (some anyway) see stripping as a degradation of women.  Conservatives are opposed to it out of sexual prudishness.

It is the reasoning that is at the crux of it.  Not the result.
 




 They certainly have opposed feminism.  Unless something has changed feminism is antithetical to conservative notions of sexuality and what they see as women's traditional role in society (particularly religious conservatives).

[Phyllis Schlafly](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phyllis_Schlafly) is perhaps the embodiment of the anti-feminist stance of conservatives.  Guess who she used to work for...the American Enterprise Institute.  Same as Christina Hoff Sommers (the one in the OP's video).

EDIT to add:  Since this is getting downvoted (highlighting mine):

Some antifeminists have argued that feminism has resulted in changes to society's previous norms relating to sexuality, which they see as detrimental to traditional values or **conservative religious beliefs**.[12][13][14] For example, the ubiquity of casual sex and the decline of marriage are mentioned as negative consequences of feminism.[15][16] Many of these traditionalists oppose women's entry into the workforce, political office, and the voting process, as well as the lessening of male authority in families.[17] Antifeminists argue that a change of women's roles is a destructive force that endangers the family, or is contrary to religious morals. For example, Paul Gottfried maintains that the change of women's roles "has been a social disaster that continues to take its toll on the family" and contributed to a "descent by increasingly disconnected individuals into social chaos".[18]  [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antifeminism) 




 I am curious how the American Enterprise Institute and Breitbart became the voices of reason on this?

I suspect it is their opposition to feminism but it has certainly made for strange bedfellows in this case.
 




 Not to mention that for the money, number of people and reputed high skills these people have (to demand generous salaries) they seemed really crappy at turning out product.  What was ultimately obtained for all that money spent? 




 Yeah...kinda missing the point here.  Has radar detection ever been an issue for tanks?

Maybe it is invisible to missiles?
 




 She is pretty careful to not get into positions where she actually has to argue her side.  She stays safely ensconced on her own website and dares not venture out to any but conventions filled with her version of [dittoheads](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Dittohead).

I signed up to her website awhile back to [respond to a post she made](http://skepchick.org/2014/05/video-should-women-get-menstrual-leave/).  It was a thoughtful response, not ranting, not aggressive and merely made a few points for discussion.  She swore at me, called me "thick" and yanked my posting privileges and distinctly avoided any actual debate.  

She simply cannot tolerate scrutiny.  She makes money off of other's outrage and is happy to stoke those fires.  She has no interest in the truth.  Why they keep her on the Skeptic's Guide to the Universe is beyond me.
 




 ... the fact is, a 15 year coma is exceptionally unlikely-even more so that one would basically be able to recover.

Unlikely yes (super unlikely) but it has happened:

- [Ayanda Nqinana](http://www.medicaldaily.com/man-wakes-seven-year-coma-after-taking-sleeping-pill-242451): 7-Year Coma
- [Terry Wallis](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/man-awakes-after-19-years-in-coma/): 19-Year Coma 




 The occasional "why do we need to learn this, this will never be used in real life" is still here though.

When I said that to one of my teachers she looked at me and asked, "How do you know what you'll need to know in the future?"

That shut me right up and I've found she was right. You will not need or use all you've learned but you'll be surprised at what random bits become useful and there is no telling which random bits you'll need. 

tl;dr Knowledge, any knowledge, is valuable even if you can't immediately discern why. 

 




  Chlorine as a chemical weapon is not very effective at killing people. The gas quickly disperses, it requires a high concentration, it gives a visible cloud, has a strong odour, and can be defeated by simple counter measures (a wet cloth preferably with urine over mouth and nose can be enough). It was the first deadly chemical gas used in WWI but even well planned uses with hundreds of tons of chlorine usually only achieved low casualty numbers and that's why Chlorine was quickly replaced by more deadly gas like Phosgene or Mustard gas.

Chlorine was plenty lethal and used a great deal in WWI.  Phosgene was more deadly than chlorine in some ways but it had a more delayed reaction.  The Germans used a mixture called "white-star" which was a mixture of phosgene and chlorine.

Mustard gas was indeed far more nasty than the other two but its downside was it persisted in the environment for a long time (relatively speaking...weeks in this case) making it dangerous for troops to occupy an area cleared with mustard gas and in the end taking territory is the point.

All told plenty of people were injured by gas in WWI (well over a million) but it was never decisive in the war and by the end troop casualties were low because they learned how to protect themselves.
 




 Relevant: http://i.imgur.com/ahLz8Z3.jpg

(Note:  I saw this posted elsewhere around here earlier today but I cannot remember where for proper credit.) 




 I know a chair is not a PC but honestly it is part of the whole setup and matters.  I really wish there were better resources when it comes to buying a desk chair.  Unfortunately there aren't so, for what it is worth, I'll try and add a little data to the limited pool of info there is on this.

Desk chairs are bizarrely expensive.  I mean chair tech has been around since what...caveman times when we sat on a rock or a log?  Certainly we have been building chairs for thousands of years yet they remain stupidly expensive.

Maybe the aphorism that "you get what you pay for" is true here.  I bought a Maxnomic DX-Racer chair (chosen per their recommendation for my height) recently and have serious buyer's remorse.

They tout all the ways the chair is adjustable (and it is) but in the end if it is not comfortable who cares?  It honestly feels like a steel frame with the barest minimum of padding wrapped around it.  Ever grab a really skinny girl's upper arm?  Kinda feels like that.

The chair is only slightly more comfortable than a rock.  Lumbar support amounts to a pillow to strap to it.  The pillow is absurdly big arching your back uncomfortably.

I am pretty sure whoever designed this chair ticked a few boxes and never actually sat in it for more than a minute. 
 
There really is almost nothing to like about this chair beyond it looking good from a distance.  My ass literally hurts while writing this.  I am about to toss this chair in the garbage and buy a new one (unless some ~~sucker~~ person here wants to buy it cheap).

If anyone has another recommendation for a desk chair I'd love to hear it!
 




  AKA Police usually get away with this horseshit with no consequences, therefore we should accept it.
 
 
 
 How about no? The drug war is garbage and the fact that "anyone" in the utterly corrupt system would sign off on the search warrant says nothing about it's validity.

While I do not disagree that the drug war is bullshit it is the job of the police to enforce the laws...even the shitty laws. 




 Geez...how fast does Reddit forget?

This was posted four days ago: http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/2gdqj3/prosecutors_seek_death_penalty_against_man_who/

Relevant post from /u/Golden-Fox from that thread that got lost in the circlejerk:

TL;DR edit: Any presence or lack of drugs will have no bearing on how this case is tried. It's no longer a case about drugs, it's a case about justifiable use of force. Whether or not the guy goes free is of secondary concern, after what effect this case may have on the ability of police to preform no-knock raids.

The fact that they didn't find actual drugs doesn't have anything to do with it. They were serving a valid search warrant. I've read the affidavit, it's well investigated, a very solid document. Anyone would sign off on it. I have taken courses both on writing affidavits and on tearing them apart. I have seen some terrible affidavits, this is not one of them.

Despite the fact that no actual drugs have been reported to have been found, there is still evidence that drugs may have been sold. Drug paraphernalia has been reported, burner cell phones, and guns. The suspect was a felon, and therefore may not legally posses a firearm. The police also seized a safe, and I feel that it is likely that records of drug sales may be found in that safe. Further, the handgun that was used to shoot the cops apparently had been reported stolen.

The man may not have had drugs on his person, but he is still far from innocent. Police were lawful in serving the search warrant, and lawful in doing it "no knock." The suspect was known to carry a handgun(illegally). If they hadn't gone after him on drug charges, they could have gotten him on weapons charges.

edit: I'm getting downvotes because I'm interfering with the anti-police circle jerk. There are tons of contemporary cases where the police have fucked up royally, and in a myriad of ways. This is not one of them. If you want a case where police have completely over reacted, look at Ferguson. If you want a case with a very poorly written arrest affidavit, look at the Zimmerman case.
 




 To be fair this is the pain of being part of the PC Master Race.  

If you by an XBox One today it will be as good as an XBox One bought a year from now.

Not so with PC stuff.  Whatever you buy today will be eclipsed with better silicon within months and the price you paid will be too much within months.

Sucks but there it is.
 




 I'll just leave this here (we now expect a lot from your son):

[The Einstein Syndrome](http://townhall.com/columnists/thomassowell/2001/08/31/the_einstein_syndrome/page/full)

WHAT have famed pianist Arthur Rubinstein, Italian dictator Benito Mussolini, India's self-taught mathematical genius Ramanujan, Nobel Prizewinning economist Gary Becker, talk show host G. Gordon Liddy and renowned physicists Richard Feynman, Edward Teller and Albert Einstein all had in common?

Aside from being remarkable people, they were all late in beginning to speak when they were children. Edward Teller, for example, did not say anything that anyone understood until he was four years old. Einstein began talking at age three but he was still not fluent when he turned nine.  




 ^ Literally this.

I live in Chicago and I have seen tow trucks cruising like taxis.  The most impressive move I ever saw was a "no parking" thing went into effect at 4p on a certain street.  While watching from a hi-rise I saw ten tow trucks (yes, I counted) just idling on the street below at 3:59p.  At 4p it was like watching synchronized swimming.  All ten trucks backed up and used their quick-pik bars to snag a car and drive off.  In about 30 seconds they scooped ten cars.

For personal experience my roommate's brother parked across the street from our apartment in a lot.  He left the car, buzzed our place and we asked him where he parked.  When he told us we told him "hell no" and ran to his car.  As we ran up a tow truck was backing in to get his car.  Elapsed time...maybe 2 minutes.

Funny story:

Went to a Grateful Dead show in Chicago (Soldier Field) and my friend parked in a lot where they were being directed to park.  Paid some money to park there.  Came out, cars were towed.  Turned out someone scammed all the Dead Heads and collected money.  He got his car back without a fine. [True story.](http://www.highbeam.com/doc/1P2-4060590.html)

In short there is a lot of money in towing cars and they are absolutely on the ball about it.  At least in big cities.   




 21.3% on fundraising costs and administrative is pretty huge...

No it's not.  [That is pretty normal.](http://www.afpnet.org/Audiences/ReportsResearchDetail.cfm?ItemNumber=12845)

That said Komen is a shit organization which lost its way long ago.  There are plenty of organizations out there to donate to if you want to help prevent/cure breast cancer.  Avoid giving Komen money if at all possible (my opinion of course but not hard to Google [why you shouldn't](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/12/07/komen-foundation-charities-cure_n_793176.html)).
 




 Help me reconcile these two statements of yours:

I'm sorry, how many times now have I said I already think trans people should disclose?

And...

...which is why the "let the other person decide by telling them" thing is so ludicrous to me. 




  I am not saying you are wrong to feel the way you do...

You are making assumptions.

You'd probably be surprised if you knew me better.

I still think a transgendered person needs to let a potential partner know the deal.


 




 Again you are making a false equivalency.  No one cares if you had your appendix out.

You are fooling yourself though if you think a sex partner won't care if you are a male, female or transgendered person.  

Hell, your gender goes right to the root of sexuality!  You can wish for a world where your potential sex partners will not care about current or previous gender but you are only fooling yourself to think otherwise.
 




 Indeed.

Those who are too smart to engage in politics are punished by being governed by those who are dumber. ~Plato
 




 I think that is evasive.

We all have histories and we all have a sense of what is important to a potential partner.

Clearly we cannot give a recitation of our life story on Day #1.  Some things are relevant though and important.

Would you want someone with an STD to withhold that info from you?  They need not relate how they got it but they should tell you.

Personally I do not know how I would react if I found out after the fact I had sex with a transgendered person.  I want to say I'd be cool with it but honestly I do not know.

I can say I'd be upset that I wasn't told beforehand.  




 It is not that difficult I think.

You need to disclose to a partner information that you think might be relevant.

There is all sorts of info you can convey yet some rises above others.

- Are you married/in a long term relationship?
- Do you have an STD?
- Are you an axe murderer?

Stuff like that rises above whether you get paid $30k or $50k a year.

I do not think this is rocket science.  We are not trying to create a law here that covers all circumstances.  I think most of us intuit what is relevant to tell out partners.  I consider telling a potential partner you are transgendered as important.  I get why this would be difficult if you were a transgendered person but what else is there for this?
 




  But don't try to gussy it up as something it's not with the "bare all" attitude- nobody actually does that.

I am honestly confused what you mean with this.  I'm trying to parse it and not getting it.

 




  I agree that trans people should tell, but that's pretty weak unless you are completely serious about an entire-life-story-before-sex rule for everyone. What if my potential sexual partner is violently repulsed by the idea of fire spinners or has a circus phobia?

I think this is a false equivalency.

If you happen to be someone who has a real problem with fire spinners then I'd say it is up to you to tell a potential partner that they are not keen on dating such a person.  Such a quirk is unusual.  

When it comes to a transgendered person I think it absolutely has to be up to their partner to decide how they feel about it.  I cannot imagine how it is "better" to withhold that info and think it will all work out ok in the end.

It would be nice if it didn't matter but I think we both know most people would say it does matter.

In the end, call it what it is: some people are real squicked out by the idea of having sex with a trans person, even if it objectively has no consequence to them outside of that bias.

Yup.  That said, even if that is a lousy position to take, it has to be the other person's choice to make.

But no, it is not and should not be mandatory.

To be clear I do not mean "mandatory" to be legally necessary.  I merely mean it to be "strongly advisable".

Edit to add:  I really wish the people downvoting would respond as to why they are downvoting.  It doesn't help me or the discussion if I do not know why I am wrong or offensive or...whatever.
 




