 Can't say I blame him. 




 To quote the kid in The Wedding Singer, "Piper you a bitch." 




 After Vee last season, I was glad this season didn't have a major villain, but I kind of like the show when it depicts the ebbs and flows of day to day life inside the prison camp. 




 I don't know how many times I said "Oh Shit" to myself after I saw that fence repair truck pull-up.  









 I saw The Cure there. A girl in the row behind me was smoking a joint and tripping on ecstasy - a few times she reached around and just shoved the joint in my mouth. She finally threw up, none hit us (PTL), her boyfriend apologized and took her out of there. Apparently, there was guy at that show who had a medical condition, might have been asthma, but didn't have his medication with him. He had episode/attack and ultimately passed away. I didn't see it, but his friends had communicated a message about it to Jay Lee's "Wake up and Smell the Coffee" the following Friday. 




 I had moved away from Houston for a good chunk of the 1990s (college, law school, first job), and moved back in June of 2001. Prior to moving back, I had flown down to visit my parents and start arrangements for my move and the cover story in the Continental Airlines magazine was all about Enron and how great a future it would have. I remember thinking to myself, damn, I need to apply for a job there. Glad I didn't do that. 




 It does get a bit confusing that we've had two murderers in Houston history who were called The Candyman. 




 In 1990, my high school graduation was also at the Summit. I went to Elsik, Alief ISD used it for both Elsik and Hastings that night. 




 Before you do anything, I'd seek the advice of people who collect sports memorabilia - find out if they will become more valuable if left in their current condition or if they're restored. If restoring them won't hurt future value, ask who they recommend, they probably know who's best when it comes to restoring stadium seats. 




 Yep, Minneapolis. Years ago, I heard a music journalist talking about the first time he interviewed Prince and Prince used a very Minnesota polite phrase like "darn tootin'." 




 Damn, I wish it was Prince. . . . guess the doves at the Houston Zoo aren't crying. [Sorry, couldn't resist.] 














 TIL they still make disposable cameras. 


































 Seeing that Piper Kerman is an advocate for women prisoners/inmates, I thought this story was relevant because it highlights one of the greatest sins of the criminal "justice" system in the US, which was sentencing minors as adults. This is a real life example of a 14 year old girl who is sentenced to an adult maximum security prison in Florida. Did you listen to the story? If not, I highly recommend it. I disabled the auto play feature, because that is annoying if you're not ready for it. Use the audio button in the second box, the Act 2 box. 




 She is a great actor, perfect for the role. Who else can say she's played both Elf's stepmom and Pornstache's Mom? 




 I've enjoyed his evolution over this season. 









 Oh but what you thought is even funnier. 




 I listened to a lot of NPR back then. 




 I know. I agree.  




 I'm not sure Eritrea has been in the news much since its war with Ethiopia ended.  




 All I'm saying is that if this had been a guy/girl situation, there would have been a handful of nutties out there yelling "rape." I don't think it's rape, but in the climate we've been in I couldn't help but think of that issue during that scene. My comment was the Reddit version of thinking out loud. 









 I had no problem with the scene, I'm just saying b/c of all the damn Games controversy, can't help think what the reaction would be. 




 He's a RUNNER! 




 I thought she had a taste of it, but wasn't sure how at that point. 




 I did not expect Red to stand up for him like that, but she did a damn good job. 




 I loved Caputo having trying to close out all the porn windows open on his computer. 




 Do something to save all the poor David Sedari (I sure hope his sister Amy makes him watch that scene) 




 That one scene totally captured Healy's whole person at the prison. 




 Favorite line from the episode: "I stand corrected, there is a bedbug infested Koran if you want to read that." 




 I liked the little scene where the Muslim soldier explained to Bennett why the other Muslim soldiers were not happy about the video. There's a real great miniseries from HBO called "Generation Kill," which captures the homoerotic humor the permeates the military. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-NnHaOUUa8 




 Bennett had a glimpse into the family he would be marrying him and realized that life wasn't for him, he dumped the crib that was meant for his child. 




 He wasn't the only one who ran away from the grenade, but yeah, they were making a point about him running. 




 Of course he wears tightie whities. 




 She was a great villain in Justified. 




 Had no problems with the scene, but after all the uproar over Game of Thrones' scenes, I did wonder to myself what would the general response be if that was a man and a woman and not a woman and a woman. 




 My favorite line from the episode: "Too late to Dyson it out of her."  




 That was classic, wonder if this was the inspiration https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pf2hJQf2YKk

EDIT: Watch closely and you'll see a couple seconds of the exact same belt Bennett had on. 














 No reason given in the article, always seemed to do great business lunch, but maybe the rent became too damn high - even busy restaurants survive on the thinnest of margins. 




 So Nerdcore. 
































































 So typically perfect of someone with her background. 




 As soon as I finished the episode, I checked my Twitter feed and saw the daily Calvin   Hobbes tweet. 




 Well, cookie cutter or not, Vee completely reminded me of people I've know, especially in my ex-wife's family. 




 Probably the most heartbreaking episode so far.  




 Explains a lot about him and what we've seen in the other seasons. 









 So will cops. 




 Now I'm immediately looking up the manual overrides for my newest car (no, not a Corvette, bust still a Chevy). 




 This article does nothing to convince me that what we are seeing was caused by "fracking." 




 And, sadly, if its someone claiming to be from a charity you've never heard of, hang up. 




 As someone with a multiple vehicle household, I feel your pain. 




 But the men who control the extremist sects within almost all the major religions fear that women will tempt them into raping them. 




 Such a great man, RIP. 














 Some good news to report, [Taylor Swift made a very generous donation to help the family with medical bills.](http://www.khou.com/story/news/local/neighborhood/2015/06/11/gofundme-for-walker-county-firefighter-family-injured-in-crash/71076090/) 














 Based on past experience, odds are that the vehicle is headed to Mexico or Central America. 




 Some schools have dumpsters that take cardboard and paper for recycling. 




 /r/firefighting 




 Kitten Mittens! 




 A while back, Uber did a rent a kitten promotion. So, it wouldn't surprise me if this was true. http://newsroom.uber.com/austin/2014/10/uberkittens-is-back/ 









 I have family in New Jersey and have never seen a reason to stop in Camden, but know I'll have to visit Donkey's Place next time I'm in Jersey. 



















 Definitely going to do this next time in the City. 




 Sadly, the party in control of this state is beholden to small but very vocal core constituencies, and they've given those constituencies more voting party than everyone else via gerrymandering. 




 As the economic gulf expands between the haves and the have nots, it's practically become illegal to be poor in the United States.  



















 Hell, when I'm in New York I walk huge amounts. I've walked from Midtown all the way down to Chinatown, and I've walked from Canal (Chinatown) all the way down to the southern tip of Manhattan and then back again. I've also walked the length of the Manhattan Bridge, in a cold drizzle, it was a great walk. 




 It's young professionals and hipsters who did not grow up here and are only interested in living in an area considered "cool." I'd love to take them back to the 1980s to show them how dangerous those places once were. 


































 In football and baseball the defenses and offenses operate in such a way that time is needed to rearrange the players on the field (in a way, baseball really doesn't have the same kind of timeouts that exist in other major US sports, it's a slow game and the manager isn't limited to how many times he can go to the mound, they are trying to limit how often the batter can step out of the box.) In other sports, the time outs allotted to each time are used for tactical reasons. But, in general, the bulk of stoppage in play is for television or for review of officiating calls.

Edit: Television takes full advantage of the time needed to rearrange players on the field in football and baseball, and the league officials won't mess with that because television contracts are big source of revenue. 


































 My therm hit over 100 a couple times yesterday, but that was usually at start-up, the temps dropped a bit after I had been driving for some time. 














 The old noble class of the Junkers in particular were not fans of Hitler, those involved in the plot to assassinate Hitler primarily came from this class. 




 The guys in this picture appear to have been SS, so I'm guessing some of them did some very bad things. 




 They're SS not regular army, odds are some of them were responsible for atrocities. 
























 Actually, renouncing their citizenship might not change anything. ICWA states that it applies to any child deemed a member of tribe by the tribe at issue - judges cannot question a tribe's determination that the child is member. 




 Every since Weird Science, I've never trusted anyone named Chet. 




 Don't forget Paul Rudd. 




 Saving Private Ryan also had quite the cast of actors - Paul Giamatti, Dennis Farina, Ted Danson, Barry Pepper, Adam Goldberg, Tom Sizemore, Vin Diesel, Giovanni Ribisi, and of course Matt Damon and Tom Hanks. 




 But that scene had my favorite Damien Lewis line of the show: "We're paratroopers Lieutenant. We're supposed to be surrounded." 


































 When I've traveled I've gotten the opposite response in that people seemed surprised that I am so liberal, though I'm more LBJ liberal than East Coast liberal. 




 I lived in Wisconsin for a little bit back in the 1990s and people there atomically assumed that I was a Cowboys fan, I had to explain to them that I grew up in Houston and no self respecting Houstonian would root for the Cowboys. 









 I'm curious about your Spanish Jewish heritage. Was something that was kept secret for a long period of time. I've read about recent generations of old New Mexico families who've learned of their family's Jewish background, it was hidden but there were little traditions connected to their Jewish past. 




 I call myself a EuroTrash mutt. My ancestors came to the US from many places (so which are no longer the countries they were at the time) and over a period of time stretching from the 1600s to the early 1900s. 




 It's interesting that on many surveys that ask for racial/ethnic background, they'll have "nonhispanic white" and "hispanic white."  




 The only thing worse are the pedestrians who jay walk on multilane streets, like Westheimer. And numerous times that I've seen people do this, they were not all that far from a crosswalk. 






















































 They're like National Park Rangers, but in a city. Done ride alongs in Yosemite, Park Rangers are jacks of all trades. 















































































 Whenever I hear this song, I want to be sitting in an open air bar in the North Atlantic states, with a nice cold beer. 
























 Well, they have a good attorney (he was in charge of the City of Houston's legal department at on point), and they deserve their day in court. We'll see what happens. 









 I know how it works, but I prefer to give money directly cause 1. They know best what food items they need, and 2. Money can be used to keep the lights on. I've worked in nonprofit before and know how hard it is to come by money that can be used for overhead, and if you cannot afford to take care of that, you won't be able to carry out your mission. 




 On the report that was televised this morning, they're claiming the owner was negligent because he knew a fire had been burning inside the walls, let it burn for several hours before calling 911. 




 Based on the on air report this morning, the negligence claim is that the owner of the property knew that a fire had been burning inside the walls for several hours before calling 911. To give some local perspective, this place was a dump in a high crime area, wouldn't be surprised if the owner took advantage of the fact that there was a fire and wanted it to go up in flames. 




 Been there, done that. 




 Do you know the name of the reporter? If so, send them a tweet, they'll probably be able to help. 
























 Actually, was [Buddy Roemer in 2012.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buddy_Roemer_presidential_campaign,_2012)  









 The last Sears I went to was the one in Memorial City Mall, you could  tell nobody that worked there gave a shit, clothes were in bizarre piles, and large appliances that were for sale practically blocked entire walking areas. 




 Yep, there's actually one in the Randall's strip at West Bellfort and Kirkwood, which seems like an odd location for a Palais Royal, but it's has been there for years now. 














 Back in the late 80s and early 90s, West Oaks was my go to mall for most of my shopping (with Sharpstown a close second). Been a long time since I've gone to West Oaks, but last time I was there, was shocked how dead it seemed. [I also remember when Memorial City Mall was dead and Town   Country Mall was packed, now Town   Country is gone, but Memorial City has been revived.] 




 Another reason why it's better to just donate money directly to the Food Bank. 




 Motorcycles are a lot more stable, at speed, than people think. 












































