 Fuck you jeb. Alienating voters since you opened your trap 




 Americans don't do anything wrong. Commie 




 Wow. How long have you been at it? I know it's a while, since you're the man around here. 




 Haha. I love the woman, but she seems to have a extremely conventional worldview.

Thanks for the response. I figured it was a gross exaggeration. But I wasn't sure. She kept telling me to look up the stats and that just as many men and women get raped and killed. Saying she see's shit on the news all the time. I thought that was bs. 

In all your time, what's the worst that's happened to you?  




 Lmao. 

Care to explain? 




 I'm really new to all of this and I do plan to travel. It won't happen for years to come, however, I will do it. 

I hear from my Aunt and family about horrible hitchhiking experiences, people getting raped and murdered left and right. My dad used to hitchhike short distances locally until some guy fake threatened him, and then told him how unsafe it was. This was the 70's. So due to this, I've always had that stigma and fear about it.

Then I watched that *Thumbs up, America* where they show positive experiences. But even that guy said he was almost raped twice. It also seemed like some of it wasn't legit. And you fine folks seem to do it no problem. I'm wondering if some of you could share your perspectives and experiences. Thank you in advance. 




 I have to ask. Is this an accurate portrayal?  




 25k on a good day. 20k normally. All the way down to 5k at low hours. 




 Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwww 




 This is very true. But he's out for revenge at the moment. 




 I'm speaking purely economic regulations which have increased exponentially. Often not done by congress, but rather bureaucratic government organizations. This wasn't something that occurred when America was "booming" so to speak. 




 Completely untrue. The US was the world's leading economy by 1900, and it's been that way ever since. That war was simply dying 18th century empires on a last leg.  America led the world economically and politically without military intervention. The only thing that war wiped out was those countries militaries. Cept for Germany, poor bastards. 




 Define well regulated. 

Over the course of the last 100 years. Regulations have continually been increasing up until today. It's not like those regulations from 1964 just went away and we started getting rid of them. There are exponentially *more* regulations now, then what were in place in... say 1945.

At any rate, Sanders talks of giving people free things. But I have yet to hear how he plans to fund them. This isn't the thinking that made our country great. 




 Certainly not socialism. It was free enterprise. The whole reason america became top dog economically so fast was because of our free market.  




 The policies he proposes aren't what made this nation great.  




 Too bad socialism won't work.  




 Good to see Reach getting some love 




 I also don't think he adopted the mentality of ONI, he is opposite ONI. It's possible the innies put an S-IV in Mk 6. But, he's had that mentality as a Spartan since he was trained. If anything, he's evolving past it. 




 But, we don't know, do we? It's a very real possibility he went off the wall. 




 That'd be awesome. It would have to be like an intro cinematic/mission where the player is thrust into this situation not knowing what the fuck is doing on. Then it cuts to Locke getting a briefing to catch the casual player up on whats happening 




 "Favored" oh they favored them all right 




 That was great. To add, maybe ONI isn't the bad guy in these situations or even halo 5. Think, they might have done some horrible things. But what are they doing now that they haven't been doing before? Generally, for what they believe, is the greater good. Now we have something intentionally stirring up chaos and the biggest scandal in human history. 

It seems that someone or something may be trying to weaken humanity as a whole by causing dissent within the ranks of the UNSC, and stirring more people towards the innie cause then ever before. All while the Covenant is reforming under Jul for the sole purpose of destroying humanity. Now we have a flood return? So then the question remains, who is behind all of this?

Absolute. Fucking. ***CHAOS*** 




 You haven't played halo for what we can assume was like 8 years? 




 I shouldn't have said anything. Ignore my comment.  O_O 

Nothing to see here. Move along 




 This is absolutely amazing. It's super dark. As a listener, you don't know what to believe. Do you believe chief had a reason? Or that he went off the chain and derailed legitimate peace talks? Is chief a hero or a legitimate traitor? Even as listeners now, we have no idea. Before, we were sure chief had his reasons. 

It looks at the spartan program and ONI from a different light. We see how people view the chief and the political climate of humanity. Locke finally has justification for his mission. Humanity will be thrust into chaos, and will be pushed to the brink of destruction once more. 




 This is the theory I like. I refuse to believe my boy would do this. Either ONI is framing him (which wouldn't make sense, they've fucked him over), he went off the wall for real (a very real possibility for all he's been through), or your suggestion and his motive was pure.

They really do a good job of keeping this hard to predict and they keep you on your toes. Nobody knows what's going to happen.  




 Lose weight and good be a bombshell 




 Are you a witch?  




 Lose weight. Dress better. That's it.  




 Second pic looks best from the front 




 Holy shit. You fucking came here to be judged solely on your looks.  




 Why into Paul McGann though. Don't get me wrong, I really want that man to have a well deserved series on TV. 




 Amazing. What a man of strong integrity. 




 Often deluded. However, he gets the job done and saves the day in the end. Regardless of how sadistic and manipulative it may be. 




 Bro. Nice. Keep us updated. 




 In other news: 10's ego goes through the roof. 




 He was offered the part at one point. Actually, of the eleventh doctor 




 At times, I think it's his personal goal. 




 It puts what Missy says to the doctor in perspective. 




 Holy shit. You're right 




 Glad you got that fixed. That flat top made you look like biff from Back to the future 




 I enjoyed this. Good content 




 He's easily my favorite doctor. He'll be nuwho's tom baker. 




 Loved it 




 Your style is something an early 2000s douche would wear. It's shit.  




 More pics. 




 I use reddit is fun.  




 You didn't cite Financial Times. You can't cite something that you casually mention. You need a link. At the moment, it's anecdotal.

Labor doesn't need to up for capital to be gained. The whole point of capitalism is to make money, and with the internet, its easier to make money with LESS input (labor required to produce) and MORE output. So that whole point about financial times fails, it just means the free market found more effective ways to produce something. If anything, the internet is the greatest true capitalistic tool of our age. 

- It allows for equal opportunity to earn money. 
- people can freely get their ideas out there.
- people aren't suppressed. Even though the government is trying. 
- There are no or limited regulations holding businesses and enterprise on the internet. 
- anyone can learn if they have the drive to do so.

These are capitalist properties, not socialist. Reddit is a capitalist product, Facebook is a capitalist product, and so is almost everything else on the internet. If you think the internet is "socialist" you're blind and need to understand economics. 

I suggest reading *Economics in one lesson* by Harry Hazlett, *the law* by Fredric Bastiat, *Economic Facts and Fallacies* by Thomas Sowell, and *Capitalism and freedom* by Milton Freedman. These are written by legitimate and reputable economists. Make an effort to understand all economic systems and how ours is *supposed* to work. www.FEE.com is a great site for learning economics 




 Is the crossover on netflix? 




 No. Its not. 

And if you're being serious, you seriously misunderstand capitalism. 




 You have to be absolutely blind to think that the internet has not benefited capitalism. Seriously.  




 I'd keep bulking. Get the mass, then cut out and you'll look great. 




 So stupid. It's been tried and done in Europe, and failed. Socialism fails. 




 Getting back to our roots! 




 Bro chill. Plays better without radar and has been that way for awhile.  




 CE is my favorite too. Been playing it non stop since launch. Never played the original much though. Why's radar need to be disabled?

Edit. It was explained 




 Ready to do it again? Except firefight 




 Starry night 




 I think there will be an explanation scene in the context that they are explaining it all to Agent Locke. We will get flashbacks as well as maybe playing a bit. Just so the casual player has more than enough context to enjoy the game 




 And predictions. Predicting your opponents next move is crucial. Helps you place that shot, or land they nade. 




 Brows on point
Ass on point
Face on point. 




 Well, porn did spearhead the streaming industry.  




 He won't win lmao.  




 Because it'll probably suck. Sorry :/ 




 Oh my god. That's horrible. 




 Halo 1 is probably my favorite base multiplayer game. So addicting and fun 




 OP pls 




 Shoulda kept the hair 




 That was a really good post. I follow HCS and watch streams casually but I didn't know half of that  




 I hop on there occasionally. It got an update and I enjoy the content they put up. Just featured a Reach montage last week and they put all updates on it. 




 Did you tell her? She'd feel so awkward 




 I saw it walk away at the end 




 Hahaha. I get it. Because of the name of the old H3 mod 




 That is irrelevant. They are different games with maps designed to suit the game. Lockout wouldn't play well with H5 for a variety of reasons. However, Truth plays well and integrates skill jumping techniques that are arguably more challenging than traditional crouch jumping. Just because something changes, doesn't mean it's worse or bad. 

Crouch jumping still plays an integral part in the meta. 




 I look forward to many more H5 tage's from you good sir. 




 Have you seen the tutorial videos? Skill jumps exist. And are fucking difficult to pull off, especially in a fast paced environment. Crouch jumping still adds extra height to get the jump.  




 He wants to make himself feel good. That's why he responded, and with such ferocity. 




 He really has a stick up his ass. Trying to tear people down to make himself feel better. What a dick 




 So what happened to Ed? 




 That was awesome. gg bravo. Very in depth analysis of everything and great graphics 




 Anarcy for life 




 Yes pls. Wait, the RE integration? So they were once integrated? 




 o7  




 Eh. I don't think she looks trashy.  




 I think Kim is hot as shit. She just needs to tone down the make up. 




 Idk whose down voting you. You are literally halo Jesus 




 Too bad they are busy circle jerking to a Burnie Sanders pic. 




 Or at a convention, he described where the RvB story takes place in Halo canon as the moment of rage when you throw your controller against a wall and it breaks. In that moment, exists RvB 




 Too bad it is.  




 Thanks for the gold! 




 Cute hippie. 




 Damn girl. What nationality are you? You look like Kim Kardashian.  




 /r/trashy 




 That was ultra cringe 




 I'll vote for Rand Paul. Much better than the "puppet republicans".  




 Nah. He shouldn't. 




 Fuck yes. Get it. 




 I want to go with Johnson. If he came back I'd flip. But realistically I'd have to go with Buck.  




 More channels leads to more content. But there needs to be an audience.  




 Sick bro 




 I've suggested this before, but in my opinion Spartan Ops were an amazing innovation yet poorly implemented. So as a result, I would like to see Spartan Ops return with seasonal storylines from around the universe. For example, a storyline from Johnson's time as an S1, playing as an ancient human during the war period, Kurt during his time with Green, headhunter missions, or even Noble Six's survival and redeployment (he's alive *fuckers*). 

There is SO much they could do with SO many stories to tell from this rich universe. As for gameplay, they should play more like a campaign rather than firefight with more interesting levels. They could do it and it player retention would go through the roof. But they would need a dedicated team similar to the way they do campaigns. Just release the missions weekly like a TV show. 




 Withdrawals are happening.  




 Yeah. I don't speak Polish 




 It looks line you're going through the middle school scene phase. There is a way to pull off piercings and whatnot. This isn't it.  




 Bernie Sanders. Holy shit it just never stops. 




 More pics 




 I subbed 




