 Our step mom, we did everything to hate her. She took us down to the edge of Decaturrrr. 














 A comfortable read through about the daring and selfless life of Jim Corbett -  legendary British hunter and tracker-turned-conservationist, author and naturalist, famous for hunting a large number of man-eating tigers and leopards in India. What are your thoughts on the legacy left by this man? 





























 I didn't see a single tree planted in that pic. 




 (Now's my chance. No one's gonna come this far in the thread, so I have no chance of being censored by the big gay liberal cats of reddit. Time to say the most tasteless and demeaning joke I can think of...) 

.... Papa John...? 




 She's not your girlfriend. 




 I'm with you. Redditors always believe that these pictures are just by "random" people. No, it's from some dumbass PR firm to get more people to see Guardians of the galaxy which was a forgettable movie at best.  




 Pretty impressive hole he's dug there. might even fit my dead goldfish in there if I try.  




 Sometimes, sociopaths develop over time 




 If we all killed ourselves, that would show em'. No body to rule over 




 Blow a nigga up 



















 They might of thought of them after 30 of their family members died from eating pig poop... 




 lol FLY MY PRETTIES!  




 "Mark DeMoss, an Atlanta public relations consultant and former adviser to Mitt Romneys presidential campaign, has been brought in to work with the congregation." 

Oh jeezlaweez. I don't think Jesus ever intended a "church" to get this big. The name of Christ should be forefront, not the pastor. 

At the end of the day, Christ loves him all the same. No man is perfect, except through Christ Jesus.  




 Eye!... eye (Muppet Pirate Island) 




 Maybe they added the Ultimate Warrior and the disks keep exploding upon insertion? I donno, just a guess.  



















 Thank you. 




 A break down of the fascinating language of Patois (Patwah), developing post slave trade within the Jamaican islands.  









 Rate and subscibe 














 k fine. 




 fuckl u dude, this is Not edited.  This guy was on COnan last nite and it doesn't matter wat u think 












































 Yeah, too many Popular Pungent Pumpkins to go around.  









 A comfortable read through about the life and accomplishments of Lieutenant General Leslie Richard Groves, Jr. Lead director of the Manhattan Atomic Bomb Project. What are your thoughts on the legacy left by this man? 














 Yeah, wikipedia reads are difficult to convey emotion with so much objective info. I just released this [Creepypasta](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djuwKGBI-IU) today if you're interested in a more narrative voice :) 














 He's so young, how does he have such a legacy so soon? 









 Thanks friend 




 Sorry I took it down. Decided to shut down the channel cuz lets plays actually just frustrated me :/. Pick up the game if you got some extra cash. It's sweet 




 Decent. Just working away at my job, of which I'm very blessed to have in this economy. Interestingly enough, the date I talked about didn't really pan out but led to meeting someone else who also loves Christ and seems to have a lot of interest in me. My only issue, and I believe it to be a superficial one includes that, though we get along fantastic, I don't feel very attracted to her physically and I don't know how important that is. There's also the fact of the matter of, why should I worry about a relationship at all? I am still currently back and forth with the sin of internet pornography which drives me crazy, so how could I be ready for a relationship? One good thing is, a friend of mine from work, has asked me to take him to Church recently, so we have been going. Prayer for him would be fantastic. His name is Charles. Other than that, I think I've come up with a tentative goal of moving to Hawaii in the next 5 years. Something about it seems to call me out there. But anyway, thank you for following up with me :D. I pray that you're doing well? 




 Reddit doesn't like state farm anymore. Keep up brosh 














 And the circlejerk continues. As if I didn't see his face enough in the news.  FOR THE KARMA!!!!!1 




 Yeah, clunky controls lead to a very poor overall game, but the hilarity of picking up an enemy while he hangs onto another's leg is a fantastic achievement.  




 Yesss can't wait 




 I'd say Euphoria animation used in games like GTA V and Max Payne 3 is pretty ground breaking. Oddly enough, it was only really utilized in Rockstar licensed games. 




 She's sittin on somethin funny lol 




 Dying Light looks substantially better than this rushed piece of next gen nonsense  




 Upvote the positive comments, downvote the negative ones? BOIL in your hive reddit.  




 He might be 8 like your girl... 




 let the negativity FLOWWWWwww 




 I agree with u 




 It's nice not to see something gay on reddit for once. 




 Not a software engineer, but I wanted to fit in with random internet dweebz.  




 I don't get it. We do realize that we support this bullshit? 3 billion dollars a year to israel to genocide people? Am I the only one who feels this way? 




 He kinda just threw himself into the house... 




 Ze Blacks can be razist too ya knowwwwWwwwwww 




 80% of male gamers don't have girlfriends. But that's OK. 100% of people don't need another human being to "complete" them.  




 Sounds like they're controlling it... 




 That Swedish sonofabitch is right! I can fit a whole cucumber up my bum! 




 VERTICAL VIDEO!!!!!!!!!!!.... I kinda like it. 




 When they infect insects and control their actions until the release of their spores. That's terrifying to me and begs the question.  




 Looks amazing and satisfying. How do I support? 




 1000+ characters on screen. You are one of the them. You die? You're immediately placed into a currently spawned character (Most likely one with the least likely hood of combat or death). This goes on until all characters on one side are dead or the objective is completed. That's my two cents at least.  









 I do like Froyo 




 But who really wins? 




 Anti-Semite!  attack this man! He's believe what is right and not what is fed down his throat from fox and the like!  




 RUined! 




 Bichael May hehe 




 so much imagination in this one. love it.  









 Big Oil Tycoon. This checks out.  




 I mean. I don't why we just don't blow up all the big media stations and then all the poison won't be pumped out daily to our poor defenseless old people who still watch the news. If there's one thing my country has taught me, it's okay to use violence to get what I want.  




 gay 









 I always wondered if these stupid posts are actually from the company themselves just trying to project their bullshit to naive users. PAPA JOHNS! 




 Mutherfucking uncreative repost garbage 




 well, the owners of the media have a certain agenda they want to fulfill and message they want to give to the masses. It's highly unlikely that this would ever reach the mainstream media, as it wouldn't fit into the paradigm.  




  Great buzzword. The embarrassing part is your use of the phrase "anti-Semite" is far too commonly misused and implies racism through its usage. Unfortunately for you, this video is not discriminatory towards any particular group or sect of people - neither is the title. It simply demonstrates a dialogue between the President of Israel (Netanyahu) and his acquaintances, as He discusses his intentions corresponding to Palestinian relations. Through his actions during his presidency, and most predominantly during the past month, it is the leader of the Jewish state, Israel, that demonstrates a lack of tolerance towards a specific ethnic group (Palestinians) - and thus can be dubbed "Racist".
   




 Why would Chris Matthews have to spoon feed you information for you to at least consider it? 









 Yay!...he spoke... 




 I don't get it 









 pROBABLY ONE OF THE BEST AND MOST ENJOYABLE ASPECTS OF rEDDIT, GRAMMAR AND TOLERANCE 




 aND i HOPE THEY LET GRAMMAR NAZIS INTO hELL 




 i WILL BURY YOU 1 




 This makes me happy. There's nothing else in this brief vapor breath of a life we have here on Earth that will carry you through like the love of Jesus Christ. God bless you, brother and your family. May He be the rock of which you build your foundation upon.  




 It's thoughts on a book written approximately 2000 years ago, I think it's safe to say that its up to date based on the source material.  




 Fiasco!!!! 




 I want to diffuse the Hilary bomb before Reddit fills it with its circlejerky gun powder. 




 Oh Jesus NO Reddit, NOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!! We must destroy this circlejerk at its core!!!  




 Why doth the Hivemind love him so? Doth he seepeth honey?  




 aNYBODY REMEMBER WHEN THE SOVIETS KILLED 2 MILLION RUSSIANS? yEAH, ME NEITHER... 









 at least that's what I've noticed. 




 The AI in this game suck at driving 




 What is this? A subreddit for ants?? 




 Hewtler 




 It seems my humor has gone in other directions since I was 12. 




 I really want to enter into a relationship. I think I have an opportunity to do so. I think. Yet, I still struggle pornography etc etc etc. I don't want to end up hurting someone or myself through a gross habit. I'm not really sure what to say beyond that. I have the desire to stop and succeed at times and other times, I fail. I wanna kick this before getting into something serious. Any words of advice would be great. Thank you. 




 Gearbox is hit or mizz 




 praise Jesus they're alright 




 Rats! I was working on an album just liek this! Beet me 2 it. 




 All 4 servers are full. poo 




 One day the desire just left? 














 WELL FUCK HIM! 




 I kinda feel like this is photoshopped... 




 looks like a girl 




 I heard we're gonna stay there forever. Until all the troops are dead.  




 Wowza, crazy people I tell ya. I've gotten little generic things from churches I've attended before and never have they seemed so self righteous like this before.  




 Ending your life will lead nowhere.

Losing your faith will lead nowhere.

Holding on to the hope that is given to you through Christ will lead you to eternal peace. 

You just have to weigh your choices. 




 You want to live on the streets? (I don't say that to be rude). If so, keep me in mind down the road. I desire to assist.  




 PM me your paypal
 




 What happened? 




 The definition of enlightenment can extend two directions. Your direction that you propose incorporates scientific progression and healthcare/augmentational advances. The other direction proposes that becoming enlightened involves understanding our inner-self, accepting that death is inevitable and living in peace through that knowledge. I do not foresee that the human race will be around for the many eons to come. There is also the consideration of whether or not the Creator will even allow this Universe to extend its existence longer than initially intended. Our existence is finite. But there is an infinite existence that we feel exists, and should strive to find, beyond our Earthly shell. This I feel is achievable through the understanding of Jesus Christ.  




 I know this is an over asked question, but I really need some input. Working 40 hrs a week and raising a family to repeat the cycle can't possibly be what God intends us for. I feel as if though I'm driven mad by the mindless pursuits the majority of the population seem to strive for. What are things that we, as Christians, should participate in to find true satisfaction in life? Even success feels like a failure here on Earth.  




 Why do I always have to venture to the comments to find something actually "funny" 




 I could either see this making it to the front page for looking "Trippy" or fail miserably because it's utterly pointless. Either way, I'm pissed.  




 she looks happy enough 




 not funny 




 I need the most idiot proof tutorial possible to figure out how to get the shader mods and/or texture packs. No idea what I'm doing.  




 I like that a lot better as one color. Whats it look like smaller on one line at the bottom? Maybe just a small symbol dividing the title - artist 




 http://www.sendingorbs.com/wp-content/uploads/2005/06/secede-tryshasla.jpeg

This cover art is an example where the art brings you in and the artist and title are an afterthought, though gets the job done.  




 You just need the title to compliment the cover art. If not compliment, make sure it doesn't clash with the cover art, which I feel it is doing now. Especially the blue and red. Take a look at other cover art text, they usually match the aesthetic and have a style of their very own. At the very least, the text should be so minimalistic  and out of the way that people will find the album title once they've been pleased by the cover art. This cover has much potential and can't afford to be brought down by poor text.   




 So pissed I pay 60$ for this on launch. Never again for a single player focused game.  




 This is of a large amount of goodness. 




 Being a U.S. citizen, I suppose I'll be the first to step forward to represent my country.... "Sorry bout' that".  




 Given to the most prestigious gay cats about town. 




 Kiss the ceiling fan! 




 You've seen maybe 5 minutes of gameplay. This game is a completely different game than CS:GO.....And will own it nUb! 




 Thank God! After Patriots was cancelled I was heartbroken. Those animations almost look too good to be true. 




 LOOKS FREAKIN' BEAUT 




 "PRE-ORDER NOW AND GET YOUR 13 YR OLD COCK SUCKED!" 




 Exactly 




 Someone watched South Park... 




 lul 




 You can never be too careful.  














 Let the "Redditors being offended" begin 




 Niggas gotta cross dress to make it big.  




 I miss my doberman so much so much 




 No, I'm done. If anything, it has taught me the importance of using sex as an expression of love, within marriage. The lust that I used it for gave it almost no meaning, and took away much, if not all the goodness from the experience. Let's pray for one another friend? 




 I gave up my virginity today. It's a strange feeling. I don't feel different. I still feel loved by God. But I know I made the wrong decision. Something I held onto for so many years, is now gone overnight. I don't really know how to react, and just need some words to help me make sense of it. My heart is open.  









 the kills look pretty satisfying. Something you don't get often from canned animation games like CoD and Battlefield. 




 Does anyone have any information about foods/diets/supplements, or life style changes that can prevent and/or reverse cancer cell growth? 




 That's awesome! What led you away from Mormonism if I might ask? 









 If you feel a conviction from God, follow it. Those who turn from Him, if they one day return, that is a joyous occasion for the Spirit. But since you seem to feel your faith swaying you, sway towards Christ.  




 we will unfreeze Walter Disney and begin our takeover 




 let the memes begin. 
I'll start

"A Chevy Man"  




 save wolfenstein for a really good deal down the road.  




 someone should photoshop blood in this. 




 Wish they would've waited 




 WorldStarHipHop! 




 Too* 




 Get better at playing the game. If you kickass, you're obviously not in my way.  




 how do we get rid of them? 




 "On the same day as the peace demonstration" 




 this video is old as dirt. 









 Luke 15:11-32 The Prodigal Son 









 24 here and I've spent most of it in front of this computer screen, enjoying a nice pizza, relaxing, and never once anticipating a call or text message to go out. This "club/bar scene" you people speak of, what is it and where can I watch a live stream of said event? 




 The text seems so out of place compared to how awesome the picture is. 




 I have a date. I want to find someone to love and be with and strengthen one another towards our service for God and our relationship with Christ. Could you pray for the best and God's will? 




 i do. you greet them. then you never see them again. 




 yeah me too, i want to know too 




 Yeah, and you only need three D glasses applied to your face with green glow in the dark condam applied to your 6th party pokemon and your own peni5. 




 Yeah dude, no matter how desperate you are for her love and affection, you deserve better. Fuck that shit. Get out now.  




 Yeah, just gotta text him. As a guy, if I texted a girl about hanging out and she denied me (no matter the circumstance), I would be afraid to ask again too soon in fear of coming off clingy. So, to demonstrate mutual affection, you should make the move. No worries :D  And be completely honest with him about things. Relationships shouldn't ever be about tiptoeing on glass. Speak your mind, sweets. 




 So my hard drive on my computer died and I went to an old friend to help fix it. I got to meet his girl friend there and she thought I was so nice that I should meet her friend. I didn't think much of it because usually in those situations, I'm not attracted to the person they try to hook me up with. But this time was different and the girl is very pretty. We finally organized a double date activity together and I was nervous leading up to it because I didn't hear much back from my buddy and I felt almost out of the loop. But he's a dude, and doesn't really care too much about these things, I've come to learn lol. The interesting thing was that his girl friend actually took my number from his phone and contacted me to confirm our plans and stated how excited her and her friend were for dinner etc. I mentioned hiking and ice cream and the girl friend said that "might be better for the second date ;)". That boosted my confidence, as it seemed to demonstrate to me a reciprocated sense of anxiety and excitement prior to getting together, as well as preconceived future plans as a possibility. (I over think things, I know) We did dinner, and I met her. She was very pretty and very quiet, but very kind. I didn't mind the quiet, because I figured we would get to know each other in a more personal situation soon enough anyway. I got her number and she seemed interested in getting together soon. The only issue is that we work different schedules. But we both work at the hospital. I work third shift, she usually works second. And where she works there is no reception for texts etc. My real question, which is probably just me being a nervous nelly, arises from that fact that I texted her the next day about getting together soon and it took her over 24 hours to respond. The eventual response was appropriate and demonstrated interest, but I suppose I just need patience I guess. I'm just so used to people responding immediately, or at least within the same day. I just find it odd that her responses take so long to send and are so generically objective. It's almost like she's never texted before (at least for a girl, as most girls are very expressive and long winded in text form). Her length of time of response and responses are like interacting with a grand parent who just got text and only give you the exact answer you need for the moment. But, as of now, there's mention of getting together in a week when her schedules freed up to get a drink. Which is promising, but I just want to get things going asap. I know that's not a good quality to have, being anxious and wanting it all now (of which I don't show in public) but you'd think if someone was mutually interested in the other party, they too would want to interact as much as possible in the early stages. I suppose all I can do is chill the 'ef out and be patient. I'm just nervous because I desire a relationship to a large extent and want it immediately. But I can't force anything I suppose. The anticipation is just killing me. Any thoughts? Thanks :) Hope I don't come off as a winy biatch.   




 Yeah... 




 Job 2:2 And the LORD said unto Satan, From whence comest thou? And Satan answered the LORD, and said, From going to and fro in the earth, and from walking up and down in it.

And he led Him up and showed Him all the kingdoms of the world in a moment of time. 
6 And the devil said to Him, "I will give You all this domain and it glory; for it has been handed over to me, and I give it to whomever I wish. 
7 "Therefore if You worship[4][Or bow down before ] before me, it shall all be Yours." 
8 Jesus answered him, "It is written, 'YOU SHALL WORSHIP THE LORD YOUR GOD AND SERVE HIM ONLY.'

Luke 10:18 And He [Jesus] said to them, "I saw Satan fall like lightning from heaven.

Jude 1:9 But even the archangel Michael, when he was disputing with the devil about the body of Moses, did not dare to bring a slanderous accusation against him, but said, "The Lord rebuke you!"

There's many other passages that have the character of Satan or Lucifer or The Serpant/ Dragon as being more than just allegorical. The Bible directly describes the Sins that arise against on this earth stem from our internal desires and evil, the worlds temptations and Satan's schemes. These entities are all seperate from one another.

 




 It was...so fuck you 




 Hope it has cool crashes :D 




