 That book... just... I don't even know what to say about that one scene in the cave. You know the one. Only King could write that and not have Chris Hansen kick in his door with the Dateline crew. It's weird how he managed to turn that into a POSITIVE thing - I think that is what makes it one of the most horrifying books of all time. It can make the reader see something positive about something so fucked up no matter how uncomfortable you feel.  




 Came here to say exactly this 




 I was beginning to think I was the only person who saw The Nines 




 Numenera is an awesome balance of rules light and involved play. Awesome setting as well 




 Well I'll tell you what - you get an upvote!

E - how are none of the replies to your comment about the amazing world of propane and propane accessories? These boys ain't right. 




 There are tons of classes and rec leagues. There is even a dodgeball league... Can't think of a better way to make a friend then throwing balls at strangers  like they're that kid who stole your Mega-Zord in third grade... But seriously, check out those booklets that get sent in the mail 




 The farmers market runs year round. In the winter no this they move it to the east end to Urban Farm Fermentary (right behind U-haul). Just found that out a month or two ago. 




 Willa by Stephen King was just hauntingly beautiful 




 This is excellent. I spent most of my undergrad in neurophysiology but was always somewhat interested in the behavioral side. My SO, however, is a therapist who works at one of our cities high schools. I'll have to show her this; it could certainly be good for her to check out. Hell, if nothing else maybe it'll get her to come to a game night and try it herself!

Either way - best of luck and I sincerely am bummed that I am on the wrong coast to attend. If you have someone film we'd love to see the footage! 




 Yah, I know what you'd like to do. You'd like to find the son of a bitch and rip his still beating heart out so he can see how black it is before he dies. 




 [Spoiler](/s "His phone records indicated a call was *connected* until 835 but there is no way of knowing that any one was talking or alive. Was she dead before the end of the call? The boyfriend could have entered through her fire escape, killed her, gone home and hung up. That would explain why the maid heard silence while the phone was connected.")

E. Fixed spoiler tag 









 Barrow your clothes, your boots, and your motorcycle. 




 [Here you go]( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=tdHvTegdrac). My dojo's federation  practices it as part of our corriculum for nidan (we practice primarily Muso Shindin Ryu with some other stuff sprinkled in like toyama ryu). Toyama has 8 forms and each start with a cut with the exception of the third and sixth. 




 She gave me a framed picture of herself... On the second date 




 Uh, Is there a Geoff Vader here? 




 It just looks... Sad.  




 Oh.My.God! 




 Beep beep Richie 




 Oh for certain. And that's a great point - its the classic "ninja" sword I was referring to; I could have spoken more clearly. I think that the sword in Japan has an incredible history and is an amazing feat of engineering (in its simple elegance rather than complexity). I just see the henain period and on as producing some of histories most incredible swords. The change in sword geometry calls for a change in cutting technique. As an iaido student I know how to cut as taught by my school and its lineage, that's an incredibly narrow part of the picture.

By all means go for what makes you happy and with what resonates with you - I'm just some dude on the internet :-)
 




