







































 great responsibility  




 I hope he can do some justice, even if it a minor script it will have the Kubrick tag on it 














 the holocaust?  




 Pavlova tastes better to me after a few days. 




 What terrible responses largely 




 OP has point, majorly, not supposed to be used like that yet many people still do.  









 Do they normally like hats? 




 LOL 




 What a handsome dog 




 What type of dog is that? 




 If the money is there for it they might.  














 Too many kids you mean. I don't see dad jokes at all.  




 Bambi 




 Dark Knight 




 Sure, but there is divisions, such as chick-lit, and when discussion on the paper literature means literary works normally.  




 When you have 10 copies to get out before lunch minor mistakes over ancient mythos in comic books are not that important. You gave one example about dc and gay green lantern but are there others? Or is that the only fault in the thing? 




 I was not wrong. The article explains it all. It says 2011. In fact every point made against it was in the article 




 So I am right. I knew I was.

 I didn't downvote you, but don't whine about bullying on reddit

That is more bullying.  




 Yes people have said this and I said you are complaining about a title when you don't read the article which says all of this. It is just bullying.  




 I just really like first movie a lot
 




 What is misleading about it? I am confused. I am being downvoted. I have shown the link which states that it was only yesterday that he was officially confirmed. You are the 5th person at least to say this and every time I say yes he has been here since 2011 but only officially confirmed as the new spiderman for the new universe http://www.nydailynews.com/entertainment/marvel-inclusion-biracial-spider-man-article-1.2265591 I didn't want link them as find them tabloidy

now downvote for asking why I am so wrong 




 You got some links to that one? 




 Money, which is my normal answer 




 Manspreading  




 6 years. 




 When he left. 




 magic beans 




 I am error 




 Yes the article says that. It also says  yesterday, officially announced by writer as being the new spiderman. This is the news. I am confused why people don't understand that. I have said it many times. This news is from yesterday.  




 Right now comic book fans. 




 Some say Matrix sequels. Others say Godfather. I say Robocop. 




 Yes and everytime I explain to them that it came out officially yesterday. The writer confirmed it yesterday. Sorry but you are wrong. This announcement officially came out yesterday. It is a fact that cannot be argued. And it is sad that you are trying because you only read the headline.  




 No the news was officially announced yesterday. I already pasted the passage and the link is in the article. This is a fact. This is undeniable and you are just being desperate now because someone called you out on not actually reading it. I posted it in comicbooks too. 




 It would be great if they could afford a comic book journalist on the payroll but with the way things are in the paper business impossible. The journalist is very knowledgeable about literature but comics are a different subject 




 I did, you wrote "Even though they state that he has been out since 2011, the articile is misleading."

When in fact if you read the entire article it clearly explains that it was only confirmed yesterday he is due to become the *official Spider-Man*
 




 You didn't, because your comments completely missed the main point of the article. I'll lay it out for you - Behind the times? The news came out *yesterday.* 

 









 I think she is not a comic book person Ms. Flood 




 What is wrong with it?

I have been downvoted almost 100 times because of an article I did not write which actually states nearly every single answer to the comments made here complaining about it. It answers all the things in it. 

So the writer of it officially confirming this news is not news at all? That makes no sense. 




 Morales, who has an African American father and a Puerto Rican mother, has worn the Spider-Man suit since 2011 in Marvels offshoot Ultimate Universe line, set in an alternate reality where Peter Parker died. **Writer Brian Bendis confirmed to the New York Daily News on Sunday that he is due to become the official Spider-Man from this autumn**, with an adult Peter Parker as his mentor.

I said read the article, not just the first paragraph.

Why downvote this? I am right. Person did not read the article only the headline. The news is that. It was announced yesterday. 

So this is brigading is it. My first I think. 




 [There will be blood](http://media.giphy.com/media/oKIivZsxoveRa/giphy.gif) 




 Read the article please. Thx 




 It was confirmed yesterday. Still fairly breaking. 




 I don't know, to get people to read, or maybe referencing the official nature of the new Spiderman 




  Morales, who has an African American father and a Puerto Rican mother, has worn the Spider-Man suit since 2011 in Marvels offshoot Ultimate Universe line, set in an alternate reality where Peter Parker died. Writer Brian Bendis confirmed to the New York Daily News on Sunday that he is due to become the official Spider-Man from this autumn, with an adult Peter Parker as his mentor.

Does anyone else hate people that don't even read the article they bitch about? 





























 I haven't seen the movie 
























 I aged three weeks just this morning  

















































 No better man. 









 Be dead soon so don't worry 









 and that makes it ok?

The amount of edgy scum cunts in this thread. I didn't know there were so many teenagers on reddit. 














 The fact Jim Crace just won the Impac award has 3 upvotes. It was posted about an hour earlier than this.  





























 The Government wants to look progressive. They can stop it. 









 It is primarily 1 I think from the responses. 

 




 What is wrong with exorcisms?  




 The long history of dog and humans and the fact that some people do consume them as food is confusing to you?

You are trying to be clever with the wrong person. I see through stupidity quite easily.  




 So? No one argued that. Read the article or at least the comments or shut up. 




 Dogs have a long history with humans. Far more complex than any other animal. Anthropological, genetic, hormonal studies connect us.

 I'm getting very pissed off at people thinking they are being clever by saying these stupid comments. No one would want to see a pig treated like that either. Or any animal.

 




 Thank you. Why people are downvoting the post I can't understand.  


































 I remember this. 





























 http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/2015WR017349/full paper 



















 Paper http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/2015WR017349/full 



















 Robert Sheehan will step in now. 




 Where did you find these? 




 Only for the next Spiderman reboot because that's Marvel and so that is okay. 




 No problem! 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/39wvol/what_do_we_lose_when_a_bookstore_closes/ No one was interested. I'll delete mine in case yours is. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WJFjXtHcy4 




 When they treat servers like shit.  









 Dyn-o-mite! 




 I go for a run sometimes. 




