














 ..or Green Berets.  




 I hope I am as "dead broke" as the Clinton's someday.  









 [This](http://i.imgur.com/eOIXO8I.png) was the vote count when I found this thread. Let freedom ring! 



















 "I would say it is the most secretive White House that I have ever been involved in covering, and that includes  I spent 22 years of my career in Washington and covered presidents from President Reagan on up through now, and I was Washington bureau chief of the Times during George W. Bush's first term. I dealt directly with the Bush White House when they had concerns that stories we were about to run put the national security under threat. But, you know, they were not pursuing criminal leak investigations," she continued. "The Obama administration has had seven criminal leak investigations. That is more than twice the number of any previous administration in our history. It's on a scale never seen before. This is the most secretive White House that, at least as a journalist, I have ever dealt with." - Jill Abramson / Jan 2014

The real reason she is no longer at NYT, IMO. NYT has become nothing more than a media arm of the Obama admin.  









 And my original comment never said his point was invalid. I think your anger is really because I do not salivate at the thought of Harry Reid or Dick Cheney. I am not a Republican or Democrat. I was a person in the streets protesting the war. Protesting both parties for what they had done. I believe that both parties are culpable for our current state of affairs, including the Iraq debacle. Both sides disregarded many people from the international community that told us the intelligence was wrong. Both sides did not listen and got us involved in one the biggest foreign policy blunders in our nations history. I do not get caught up in the party paradigm so I guess its just easier for me to hold all elected officials accountable for their choices. I wanted the Bush administration investigated for war crimes. Thanks to the Obama administration we will never see that either. You fail to realize that both sides are to blame and so you come here and attack me for stating a fact. Whether his point was correct or not hes not really in a place to say anything as he is just as culpable. As I see you see things through a very biased set of eyes I feel this conversation continuing will get neither of us anywhere and just waste my time. I will forever hold both parties to blame for the Iraq debacle and nothing you say will change that. I lived it. I protested it.  




 How is my comment not relevant? Harry Reid is bashing Cheney, and rightfully so, for Iraq yet Harry Reid is partly to blame. He voted to authorize the use of Military force in Iraq giving Bush and Cheney the green light for their pointless war. I just find it odd that someone who gave Cheney the authority to go into Iraq is bashing him for going into Iraq.  




 So rational. You label me an asshole for pointing out a fact? ok.. I will take my downvotes with pride. 




  When a Senator is presented with evidence that grossly misrepresented going to war in Iraq (any and all WMD evidence) are you really going to blame him for it?

Yes, people should be held responsible for the decisions they make. Especially a Senator that has the power to hold those responsible for falsifying intelligence and lying to Congress yet fails to do so.
 




 So if someone tells you that something is true and you base your decision on that you are no longer responsible for your choice? Ok... 




 Harry Reid voted in favor of the Iraq war. 









 You seem to not understand how mail servers, networks, and backups work. 









 "I am very optimistic about -- about Iraq. I mean, this could be one of the great achievements of this administration. You're going to see 90,000 American troops come marching home by the end of the summer. You're going to see a stable government in Iraq that is actually moving toward a representative government," Joe Biden 2010 




 Because I would expect r/politics to be unbiased views from all sides of the political spectrum. Instead r/politics has turned into r/democrats or r/obama. I am not a Republican or Democrat. I just like to see two sides of the debate. Which should be what r/politics is all about. But all you have to do is look through r/politics and understand what types of stories that are allowed to be discussed. Of course you may be biased yourself and not care or not see it. Everything in r/politics has a one sided bias towards politics. What does r/politics expect to get out of having an agenda? what do they expect to get out of everyone sitting around with the same opinions and ideas? I would call it a circlejerk. Its obvious to middle of the road people like myself. r/politics = r/democrats and if you believe otherwise you are either lying to yourself or you havent been here long enough. But you are right. Why do I continue to stay? I guess I just hoped at some point unbiased views would come along but when the moderators are so biased themselves and have their own political agendas its difficult to have have unbiased middle of the road political discussions. Moderators of r/politics flag posts right out of the gate if they do not align with the agenda of the left. Moderators downvote articles that do not necessarily break any rules but go against their personal agendas. Its sad really. I believe both sides of the political aisle are just as culpable for our current state of affairs. But you wouldnt know that reading r/politics. Not that the facts arent out there, its because anything that shows the left in a bad light gets shadow banned, pulled, or downvoted before a discussion can even take place. r/politics should promote both sides of the aisle and many opinions and ideas. If r/politics was the same towards the right I would have just as much of an issue with it. I cant stand political parties and it bewilders me how we can expect to move forward as a nation as long as we sit around in our own little circles pointing the finger at one particular party. But you have made me realize that no one in r/politics cares about the things i just mentioned so I guess you are right. I should unsubscribe and leave you all to your circlejerk.  




 Abu Duaa was connected to the intimidation, torture and murder of local civilians in Qaim, says a Pentagon document. He would kidnap individuals or entire families, accuse them, pronounce sentence and then publicly execute them. 




 The men that Obama funded, trained, and armed are leaving the "rebels" and joining ISIS. ISIS also has access to $billions$ of military hardware that the Obama admin decided to leave behind in Iraq. 




 Biased? You would say anything is biased that doesn't show Obama in a good light. Everyone on Reddit, except r/politics, knows that r/politics is an Obama circlejerk. Obama would have had to authorize it.  




 Abu Duaa was connected to the intimidation, torture and murder of local civilians in Qaim, says a Pentagon document. He would kidnap individuals or entire families, accuse them, pronounce sentence and then publicly execute them.

Sounds like just the type of guy we should let go.  




 Camp Bucca was a US military run installation.  




 I do not need any "news" source to tell me Obama is not "honest and trustworthy". Are you blind? 









 http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/27saxb/when_bush_paid_terrorists_a_ransom/

You mean like this post? Which seemed to be allowed no problem. But I understand that it fits into the r/politics agenda.  




 So you have evidence of the said fiction? Not saying there is enough evidence for it be to fact either. 




 "contact us for our FREE 3 hour intro to networking video, this will be sufficient to bring you up to speed with the basics of the Open Systems interconnect model."

Can you send me this video you mention on your site? I look forward to your class in the future. Thanks 




 How did you survive without Food Stamps or an IPhone? 














 Its the US or Iran. Take your pick. 




 The House and Senate make up the Congress. Congressman can refer to a person from either house of Congress. 




 [The World without US](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Py4jVOJDwXU feature=kp) is a compelling documentary that speaks to the exact question you ask. I would suggest you watch it. It is available on Netflix. 




 Gross violations of our Constitution are not "minor issues" in my view. They are the most pressing issues IMO. Economic issues will work themselves out as both individuals will have a vested interest in our economy since they both rely on the economy to survive. I also believe they could find common purpose on economic issues. After what this country has gone through in terms of Constitutional violations in the last 14 years that has become my above all voting condition. Both parties have very similar overall views of economic policy. This is why policies have not changed very much in the last 30+ years. Its the issues such as Constitutional violations that have changed dramatically in the last 30+ years and have detrimental long term effects. Including on the economy. It is being speculated that the NSA revelations will cost American tech companies billions in lost revenue, annually. I believe these two men could find common purpose and do great things for the people and the Constitution of this wonderful nation. I just like to think outside the box. I mean what we have been doing surely isnt working for the people. So why not try something different? I am not a Republican or Democrat. I am just an American that cares about his country and I can see that something drastic and unrealistic may be our only chance at righting some of these wrongs. 




 Who is VP or P does not concern me between the two. And I refuse to believe that two men like Sanders and Paul, who have deep love for their country, could not find a common agenda to seek together. My mom always told me, "Can't never could do anything." 




 I find they have common ground on domestic issues including Constitutional violations. Of course there will be differences. But the goal is to go after some of the larger issues that encroaching on civil liberties. NSA, Patriot Act, Executive power, etc. 




 Democrats would never be able to primary him out. His constituents love him. And why would you support such an ouster? Do you have something against bucking the establishment? 




 "Brat, who raised less than $300,000 to the House majority leader's campaign war chest of $5.4 million, said, "It's not about David Brat winning tonight, it's about returning the country to its principles."

That money is not as powerful in winning elections as others thought? 




 If that is what they decided then great. I am more about the substance of what they stand for than whose name is on the ticket first. 




 But when both men can find common issues where forward is very similar it could do wonders for our country. Establishment candidates are ruining our nation. Doing the same thing is ruining our nation. Voting for the same agendas is ruining our nation. I just thought it was worth the discussion and I would love to hear their views on the idea. I honestly believe they could pull a common agenda together and move forward. But again just thinking outside the box.  




 To me it would not matter. I am just ready for a real change in politics. Thinking outside the box is something we need more of in terms of politics.  




 So you believe that men that have two different core ideologies cannot find common ground move forward based on those common principles? Is that not the foundation of our government? Is Congress not setup to compromise different ideologies into one common goal or purpose. I reject the notion that just because they have different core ideologies that they couldnt come to a compromise on the best way to move the country forward. There are issues that need to be addressed such as NSA, Military engagments, NDAA, Patriot Act, etc where they could really lead the charge. The gross violations of our Constitution from both parties is appalling and I believe that as long as we continue to vote for the establishment we will get the same policies. I am just ready to think outside the box. We need men like Bernie and Rand to take on the political parties in this country. Both have a knack for going against the grain. I just believe as Americans we can do anything. We can find common ground and move our country forward. This is why I refuse to believe that these two could not find a common purpose. 




 Bernie is an Independent. Whether that helps.  




 That didn't stop Bernie Sanders and Ron Paul from being two of the closest allies in Congress. Why couldn't they work together as Americans and forget about party for a moment? Neither one toe their party lines to begin with. 




 Ron Paul and Bernie Sanders were two of the closest allies in Congress. So can you elaborate on what you said? Of course I believe that there will be differences. But I also believe that where they are similar is where we need to be focusing our strengths at the moment. Plus it would be a huge tip of the hat to bipartisanship. I believe the two of them together would be a force to be reckoned with. I believe together they could do great things for the people. 




 I really enjoy both of these Congressmen and what they stand for. I do not get caught up in the party paradigm. Just wondering what your thoughts are on it. Thanks! 




 r/politics = r/democrats 

You new here? 




 The end of journalism can be traced back to the fact that the majority of major news outlets in the US are owned by just a handful of companies. I believe this is where the problems lie.  




 Rehosted Content. But sense it follows the agenda of this sub it will be allowed.  









 And where does 80% of the worlds poppy come from? ...Afghanistan. 




 Thank you!  




 Can you point me to the thread that was the same? I had done a search and did not see it. So I am just curious as to which post was identical. 














 I did not understand a damn thing she said. That is one stupid woman. How in the hell does she continue to win elections? I also found it disingenuous that she blamed the Bush admin, "The Bush admin went too far." Ummmm she voted for the Patriot Act, the Iraq war, and NDAA. So what in the hell is she talking about? 









 Dell Latitude 




 You will not find this story on CNN or MSNBC. I guarantee it. 














 [](http://i.imgur.com/NnoGhN1.gif) 




 My friend told me he thought about taking an online course once. 




 Its the customers that are the problem. Stop shopping at Wal-Mart. 









 How many Christians in Congress voted to fund space exploration up until now? Was JFK a Christian?Was Neil Armstrong? Buzz Aldrin? Scientists and/or Engineers at NASA? Just wondering.  




 I salute you, fellow patriot. 




 I actually enjoy Bing and Bing Maps. ^^Don't ^^hit ^^me. ^^I ^^am ^^only ^^being ^^honest. 




 Rand Paul. Because he is not a Democrat and established Republicans don't like him. And he fights for the Constitution. 




 If you want to kill money in politics, go after lobbyists.  




 You do realize you can choose not to vote for someone, correct? Just because someone spends gobs of money does not mean you are forced to vote for them. For example: Newt Gingrich was bankrolled by billionaire Sheldon Adelson. He still could not win the election.  




 "I would say it is the most secretive White House that I have ever been involved in covering, and that includes  I spent 22 years of my career in Washington and covered presidents from President Reagan on up through now, and I was Washington bureau chief of the Times during George W. Bush's first term. I dealt directly with the Bush White House when they had concerns that stories we were about to run put the national security under threat. But, you know, they were not pursuing criminal leak investigations," she continued. "The Obama administration has had seven criminal leak investigations. That is more than twice the number of any previous administration in our history. It's on a scale never seen before. This is the most secretive White House that, at least as a journalist, I have ever dealt with." - Jill Abramson / Jan 2014

I was thinking she was ousted for this...  




 Maybe because its not the schools... maybe its the people or culture? 




 that don't involve gender or race? well those are the worst.  




 Something is definitely odd about their deaths.  




 Best comment. 




 This weirds me out. Is this what we can expect from a liberal society? Appeasement of the minority to the point where the majority is not protected properly? 




 So you are against the "hands-off approach"? You want the internet to be regulated? 




 Its very vague.  




 Was just genuinely curious what her views on the NSA disclosures were. Civil rights will always trump Student loans in my views.  




 What are her views on the recent NSA disclosures?  




 I like this Rand Paul guy. 




 Are we really going to let his 1%er get away with this? 




 Prison can change a man. 














 A considerable amount of Obama apologists in this thread. 









 Are we really going to let his 1%er get away with this? 














 Says the guy that's too weak to take on his own Justice Department. 




 Honestly, I hear that word from rappers and other artists more than anywhere else.  














 The Hope scholarship does not give you enough to pay for school in full. 









 [McDonalds reaction.](http://i.imgur.com/5KjURfx.gif) 




 I am an economic conservative Independent and I do no hate labor.  









 Opinion can be found [here](http://www.supremecourt.gov/opinions/13pdf/12-536_e1pf.pdf). 




 Opinion can be found [here](http://www.supremecourt.gov/opinions/13pdf/12-536_e1pf.pdf). 














 To vote for the Constitution and not a party. 




 There is still a war in Afghanistan? You wouldn't know it by reading the "news" every day. I am actually shocked that "news" outlets are posting this article. I hope they start covering this more often.

with that said...

So nice to hear that there were no troop deaths in March. Can't wait for this war to be over and to have our brothers and sisters back home in the States. 




 "Students" 




 Not a "GOP Supporter". I am an Independent. But for me its Rand Paul. 




 From my conversations with Dell regarding this specific type of case - Windows 8 machine with Windows 7 downgrade - this is supposed to work.  The new Dells that are set up like this no longer come with Windows 7 COA License key stickers. (and of course Windows 8 keys are stored in the bios) Dell says to use the OEM Windows 7 disk so that it will auto-populate the license key when installing Windows 7. Of course I will also recommend creating the Dell recovery disc on first boot up. Dell recovery is the best way to recreate the system as it was from the factory. But if a disc must be used OEM should do the trick.  









 What are her views on the NSA disclosures? or the attempt to relabel journalists? or the the attack on whistleblowers?  









 RIP Layne. Song hits me right in the feels every time. Then I sit and listen to it on repeat for an hour.  




 I just threw up in my mouth a lil. That burrito tasted better going down.  




 That makes more sense.  




 9.5 Million? The Obama admin is saying only 6 Million have signed up? Of that 6 million 80% have actually paid for their coverage.  




 If its Dell hardware you should be able to just use the Dell OEM Windows 7 recovery DVD you received and it should not ask you for a key. An MSDN disc would ask for key. A Dell OEM disc will not. 




 I subscribed the shit out of that. 




 Voting for a Democrat or a Republican *is* throwing your vote away. 




 Thats with the assumption that people that vote 3rd party would have voted for someone else if a 3rd candidate was not running. Which you base on nothing. 




 Obama is already in office. 




 Welcome to /r/AdviceAnimals where the retarded roam like the fish of Capistrano. 




 Obama is already in office. 




 Voting for a Democrat or Republican *is* throwing your vote in the garbage. 




 /r/politics should change its name to /r/democrats 




 Clinton 2016!!

Bush 2016!!

We want change!!!! When do we want it? Never, apparently. 




 Why? There is absolutely no need for the TSA or Armed Guards. 




 Yes. The moderator that removed it, IMO, had a biased reason to do it. The link worked from the time I posted it. I didnt edit the post and I tested the link numerous times. Even after the moderators looked at it the link worked. This is my biggest issue with this sub. Its clearly biased towards one party which stifles conversation on a broad range of ideas. Feinstein is a Democrat. The moderator that removed it is surely a Democrat, Feinstein supporter, or trigger happy. 

Happy Cake day!  









 Link does work 









 I would vote for a rabid dog before I would vote for her. 




 Cold-blooded Murder!  




 lol r/politics = Obamas left nut 




 Snitches get stitches and wind-up in ditches.  




 They why didn't you stand up before the Snowden leaks? poser 




 And Obamas Foreign policy is like the second coming of Jesus Christ...  




 So you didn't read the article I posted? I am not denying that Halliburton made tons of money at the beginning and during the war. After all the US military needed an Oil contractor to help with infrastructure needs. But when it was time to divvy up the oil contracts after it was over the US was hung out to dry.  




 $25-30 Million for building a company with 1000s of employees = bad 1%

$25-30 Million for verbally attacking the man who built a company with 1000s of employees = good 1%

good ol Reddit 




 Fantastic: extraordinarily good or attractive.  




 [China Is Reaping Biggest Benefits of Iraq Oil Boom](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/06/03/world/middleeast/china-reaps-biggest-benefits-of-iraq-oil-boom.html?pagewanted=1 _r=0 hp) 




 Farting. 




 Being excited about his death makes you an equal to the people he represented. IMO  




 The Chinese got most of the oil contracts. US companies were shut out. 














 Did they change the recipe sometime in the last couple of years? It seems like it has gotten sweeter or more syrupy? 




 I made it through 4 replays before thinking 'wtf am I doing?'.. 




 Dear American Patriots,

This is how you protest.

Sincerely,

Your fellow patriot. 




 China and Europe got most of the oil contracts. 




 My apologies, fellow Patriot. I felt a sudden responsibility to put that damn commie in his place. I will, in the future, overlook this good-for-nothn pinko. Again, fellow Patriot, I would like to apologize for feeding such scum. 




 I salute you, fellow Patriot. 




 Hey OP ever been a principal of a school in the projects? no? 




 I cannot force a company from overseas to continue to buy my product at an increased price. I can increase wages but I have contracts on product pricing. The customers that buy my products would buy from manufacturers overseas instead because they could get them cheaper. Does that make sense? We are not a US Economy. We are a world economy. My entire business is based on customers not based in the US. If my costs go up so does my product cost. My contracts would disappear leaving my company out of business and my employees out of a job. For the record Labor is one of the largest costs of making products. you seem to shove it aside as a non existent cost. 




 lol What you fail to understand is that if my labor costs change overnight I will be out of business in a month. Labor costs would be immediate. Revenue increases would not. I would be out of business before I ever saw a revenue increase. But you fail to understand that if my labor costs increase so does the cost of my product. So if the cost of goods increases where is the increase in pay? They will just be paying more for goods which would deplete any increase in pay they were afforded. You think things are black and white.. they are not. You can make it look good on paper all you want. Reality is it would be detrimental to our economy. 




 Why didn't he save the $1 Billion he just gave to Ukraine and use it for Science? 




 So now you are comparing BO to GW as if they are the same person? and what in the actual phhuck does Russia have to do with it? Get the phhuck out of here you damn commie bastard.  




 You act like they make it by ok on low margins. That is not the case. They have low margins on the products they sell but make up for it in membership fees. They wouldnt make it on low margins alone.  




 I am sorry but how did GW have anything to do with the mosque not being built? As an American who lost friends in the towers I personally thought it was insensitive to try and build a mosque down the street from the towers. But I am not GW. And GW had nothing to do with it not being built. You some damn commie or something?

"Ted Olson, former Solicitor General in the George W. Bush administration, whose wife, television commentator Barbara Olson, died in the plane that crashed into the Pentagon, has expressed support for the rights of the Park51 organizers to construct the new site." The only connection you will find between GW and Park51 




 I understand that if my labor costs increase my company goes out of business killing almost 1000 jobs. I do not need you or some elitist at a desk to tell me this. I see it. I experience it. It will disrupt the economy and cause even more poverty. It will cause more strain on our services. You cannot add $millions$ to my labor costs overnight and not expect a catastrophic event. My margins are so thin it would wipe us out overnight. This is reality, pal. Not some idea thought up on a university campus. 




 "Costco makes up for those low margins by charging a $55 annual membership fee of its 64 million members." 




 A considerable amount of people in this country just need a good ass whoopin. People are increasingly getting to a point where they believe their actions do not have consequences. A few good ass whoopins could cure some of this.  




 If we want to increase wages we must increase our investments in educating our work force for the new 21 century economy. There will be people that fall through the cracks but the change is coming whether we like it or not. We just have to make sure we are as ready as we can be. 




