 That belongs with Scott Walker's claim that since he handled the teacher protests at the Capitol he could handle ISIS.  The lowest common denominator mentality. 




 Thanks, Scott.   









 No, it's not mine.  Sorry.   














 Thanks again very much for these recommendations.  These works are completely unknown to me.  It's reassuring to know I'll never run out of operas to listen to.  

Mozart's La clemenza di Tito is beautiful - especially the Act l buffa finale, which he engineered into one of his great scenes. 
 




 I don't think Walker has a chance at the nomination.  He's too stupid, vapid, ugly and undignified for national popularity at any meaningful level.  Not presidential material.  He does share a similar expression with W (that 'duh' look indicating profound stupidity) but he doesn't have W's wealthy upbringing to lend the illusion of class to his image.  









 Thanks very much for this link.  Yes, that's Truecrypt.  Here's what he said about his educational background:

"I have quite typical Soviet/Russian musical background, but I was lucky to study in Moscow in early 70s -
- definitely the best place to be a piano student at that time.

Let me just mention some of the teachers: Lev Oborin, Yakov Flier, Yakov Zak, Yakov Milstein, Lev Naumov, Boris Zemlyansky, Dmitri Bashkirov, Eliso Virsaladze, Stanislav Neuhaus, Tatiana Nikolayeva

Not to mention great teachers at the Gnesin Institute  Alexander Ioheles, Maria Yudina, Maria Grinberg, Naum Starkman, Oleg Boshniakovich

Hope you can imagine the atmosphere! All these great musicians were completely accessible, i.e. their lessons were open to public.

The list of students wasnt too shabby either: Egorov, Pletnev, Pogorelich, Gavrilov, Igolinsky, Demidenko, Dang Thai Son, Postnikova, Shebanova and many more So, it was a pretty good background!" 




 The Soviet Union was a difficult place to make a career in music, to say the least.  It was a totalitarian state. 

Read Maya Plisetskaya's or Galina Vishnevskaya's memoirs for some insight into the dangers and unbelievable obstacles artists endured in the soviet era. 

I know some of these details from reading his comments and from a few brief exchanges with him.  He's so modest for such a talented and skilled artist.  The training was exceptional at the soviet conservatories. 




 I'll look forward to your post.  I am madly in love with Mozart, especially his operas, and would like to be more familiar with the musical context in which he matured.  Of Hasse, I only know his comment about young Mozart: "This boy will consign us to oblivion" or something like that.

Thanks very much for the recommendations.  I'll definitely check out the Pergolesi.  There was a beautiful old film made of La Serva Padrona with stunning Anna Moffo.  I saw it in chunks on YouTube, but it was missing the delightful finale. 




