 We only had one person speak, who shared a thoughtful prompt from another meeting. The prompt reminded us that this Earth is that of God's, therefore, we must be diligent in protecting the natural things we have been given; Earth is not ours to destroy. 




 The author describes his experience at a country jail, reflecting on the various individuals he met, and how American policies have affected the country. 




 I laughed pretty hard at this. 




 Right, but the reasoning they took to get there was far from orginalist (again, the quotes I used). Their thinking was flawed. 




 How is it an originalist argument? Again, Hughes used the case that emergencies required an expansion of government, something not found in the Constitution. Justice Black did the same thing when he mentioned in his opinion that war burdened us all, therefore holding up a "valid military order" (instead of making a presumption in favor of liberty, as the Framer's would have made) was justified. 




  It allowed the military to place Japanese in camps during WWII.

SCOTUS made the ruling it did on *Korematsu* because it stepped *away* from originalism. Here's what Chief Justice Hughes wrote in his opinion:

"Compulsory exclusion of large groups of citizens from their homes, except under circumstances of direct emergency and peril, is inconsistent with our basic governmental institutions...But when under conditions of modern warfare our shores are threatened by hostile forces, the power to protect must be commensurate with the threatened danger."

If that was true, the Framer's would have added an "emergency" clause somewhere in the Constitution (and they were fresh from being occupied by hostile forces themselves). Had SCOTUS kept to the ideas of the founders and been more strict with Constitutional meaning, *Korematsu* could not have been ruled as it did. If you can explain how this is not the case, I'll gladly listen. 




 Since I'm interested in politics, I read various non-fiction books about economics, history, and law. It's my main reading field.  




 The Autobiography of Malcolm X taught me the value in self-education, and getting a new perspective by traveling the world. His transition from preaching separatism of the races to believing that harmony could be achieved (after his visit to the racially diverse city of Mecca) taught me that whatever I believe now can change completely based upon a new experience.    




 Yes, I doubt the Democrats would want him as a nominee if he chose to run as a Dem. He's too off key with what their base supports. 

However, I'd be curious to see if his running awakens some sort of socialist faction within the Democrats, similar to what Ron Paul did with libertarians in the Republican Party.    




 I somewhat discredit the 60s counterculture movement in regards to the topic at hand, the hippies weren't radical gun owners, per say.

No, but they were *massively* disobeying the law. Open drug use, protesting the DNC, rioting, avoiding the draft, numerous violent clashes with law enforcement (Kent State). We have nothing like that currently. Occupy and the Tea Party were steps in some sort of social shift, but Occupy failed to create a means to actually institute change, and the Tea Party fizzled out, becoming engulfed by the GOP. Unlike the various groups of the 60s (Black Panthers, SDS, etc.), neither Occupy or the Tea Party managed to last very long, prolonging the existence of the status quo.

Whatever you may think of the militia groups they a) don't have legislative influence and b) could easily be thwarted by the Feds, if needed (remember Waco?). And they've had plenty of opportunities to take on the Feds in an attempt to enact change (the Bundy standoff would have been a perfect moment to start a 'civil war').

Again, the KKK *literally* wrote laws in the last century (like with mandating students only attend public schools in Oregon, forbidding access to private shools and homeschooling). And do you remember what the second film to ever be shown at the White House was? (I'll give you a hint: Birth of a Nation.) As "ballsy" as these militias might be getting, at the very least, Congress isn't watching their films in some giant studio inside the Capital Building, or sitting next to them while legislation is written.

National and international tensions are pretty tight.

Can you name me a time, since the country's founding, when they *weren't* tight? Things were so bad in the past, we came several instances close to nuclear war (Cuban Missile Crisis/Soviet occupation of Czechoslovakia). Currently, we're not at the point (though *conventional* war with Russia *could* be a possibility, depending on whether or not Putin decides to occupy a NATO country). 

Not to mention, public approval for both president and congress are at all time lows. People understand that their government no longer serves their interests anymore.

People's approval of Congress is indeed low, but for their own Congressman, it's pretty normal. People blame the *other guy*, and not their own representative. 

The point is, in context, things are indeed bad, a little bit better then they once were (what with the whole "separate but equal" thing gone), but still bad. People recognize this (Occupy and the Tea Party again being examples of people trying to distance themselves from the status quo), but we've yet to really get anywhere necessary in order for their to be massive change.

Many anarchists of course don't vote, but who gets how many votes in elections is still an important indicator of which direction our country wants to head in. Last election, Jill Stein, Gary Johnson, Virgil Goode, and other contenders for the presidency got *squat*. People are mad, like you said, but they're not doing anything different than what they have been for the past few decades.

 




  But has there been civil unrest on the level that we see today? No.

Yes there has been. The events leading up to the American Revolution (and the Revolution itself) and the 1960s had actual riots and huge movements disobeying the law. People were massively avoiding taxes in the former, and fleeing the country (due to the draft) during the latter (and also avoiding taxes, in the case of Quakers and other religious pacifists). Then there was of course the Civil War, in which half of the country disobeyed the other half.

That's not to say there isn't an undercurrent of disobedience to the status quo (which is why figures like Bernie Sanders and Ron Paul are so popular), but, for the moment, it pales in comparison to previous social movements.

I agree a shift in social understanding of government is coming, but it will most likely be one in which government stays in place.

Edit: Also...

Coming from the right wingers here in the U.S. militias are expanding, and they're becoming more pronounced and are even flexing their existence on social media outlets and in public.

You forget the KKK had actual legislative influence in this country at one point. 




 I could understand that, but libertarian positions are so misunderstood and underrepresented in the political realm that if the movement is to gain any sort of traction then it needs someone who can convince people to completely change their way of thinking when it comes to the philosophy of government. At best, the majority of people who will vote for Johnson will do so because they *already* agree with him. That's not really enough to inspire a "Ross Perot/Ralph Nader" type moment where he could act as a spoiler in the election (or even possibly win).

I try to imagine him debating Obama in the presidential debates last election, and just can't see him winning. 

But you are right - he doesn't pretend to be something he isn't, which is pretty nice for a politician.  




 I hope the LP chooses someone more articulate than him for President. I don't mind his positions, and agree with a fair portion, but he's not good at elaborating why libertarian policies would be the best thing for the country. I found his book *Seven Principals of Good Government* to be horribly dull, compared to the works of Ron Paul. And all of his speeches similarly lack real substance.

Good luck to him, but here's hoping someone better gets the spotlight. 




 The University of Delaware had the exact same program described in the article a couple years ago, and the exact same thing happened when minority students objected to being labeled "oppressed". They were told they were wrong, and that they were indeed "oppressed" even if they didn't feel like it.

It gets worse. At UoD, Resident Assistants asked for students to sexually identify themselves, and said request was *mandatory*. Here's an excerpt from FIRE President Greg Lukianoff's book Unlearning Liberty, 
describing the program:

 The program included an aggressive series of mandatory floor meetings where students would engage in exercises. In one such activity, they had to stand along a wall if they supported various social causes, including the right to gay marriage or abortion, and along the other wall if they didn't. Students were not allowed to say they hadn't made up their minds-it was explained to them that in the real world there is no middle ground. (I wonder how proponents of the "No Labels" movement would feel about that claim.) One student reportedly asked to be excused from the activity when the choice was whether eating disorders were caused by society or by the person's own mental state. Her request was denied; she was forced to pick a side even after revealing that she had struggled with an eating disorder and had not yet made up her mind. This event functioned as a state-sponsored public shaming of students with 'wrong' beliefs.
 
 ...
 
 The mandatory 'one on one' sessions with the RAs were, to me, the creepiest aspect of the whole program. During the sessions, students were asked to fill out surveys while an RA watched. Here is a sampling of some of the questions:
 
 [2]. Would you be comfortable being close friends with any of the follow persons? Mark YES or NO
 
 African American/Black... Y N
 
 A heterosexual man... Y N
 
 An international student... Y N
 
 An openly gay or bisexual woman... Y N
 
 [3]. Would you be comfortable dating any of the following persons? (Assume you are single)
 
 Middle Eastern... Y N
 
 A heterosexual woman... Y N
 
 A person with different religious beliefs than yours... Y N
 
 An openly gay or bisexual man... Y N
 
 ...
 
 In five hundred pages of documentation, there was only one clear example of a student who resisted these bizarre invasions of privacy. According to a report from her RA, this girl had fun with one of the questionnaires, answering the question "When was a time you felt oppressed?" by saying "I am oppressed every day [because of my] feelings for the opera. Regularly [people] throw stones at me and jeer me with cruel names...Unbearable adversity. But I will overcome, hear me, you rock throwing majority." The female freshman--apparently alone in her male RA's dorm room--had the guts to deflect such a creepy questionnaire through humor. But when the questionnaire asked "What is your sexual identity?" she responded, "That is none of your damn business."
 
 For challenging an unlawful intrusion into her private life by a state employee, this student was listed by name and room number in the report as one of the "worst" examples of students resisting the program (yes it does start to sound a bit like the Borg), and the resident assistant even noted that he had filed an incident report against *her*. It would not surprise me if the student had been found guilty of harassing the RA. 




 The University of Delaware had the exact same program a couple years ago, and the *exact* same thing happened when minority students objected to being labeled "oppressed". They were told they were wrong, and that they were indeed "oppressed" even if they didn't feel like it. 

It gets worse. At UoD, Resident Assistants asked for students to sexually identify themselves, and said request was *mandatory*. Here's an excerpt from FIRE President Greg Lukianoff's book *Unlearning Liberty*, describing the program:

The program included an aggressive series of mandatory floor meetings where students would engage in exercises. In one such activity, they had to stand along a wall if they supported various social causes, including the right to gay marriage or abortion, and along the other wall if they didn't. Students were not allowed to say they hadn't made up their minds-it was explained to them that in the real world there is no middle ground. (I wonder how proponents of the "No Labels" movement would feel about that claim.) One student reportedly asked to be excused from the activity when the choice was whether eating disorders were caused by society or by the person's own mental state. Her request was denied; she was forced to pick a side even after revealing that she had struggled with an eating disorder and had not yet made up her mind. This event functioned as a state-sponsored public shaming of students with 'wrong' beliefs.

...

The mandatory 'one on one' sessions with the RAs were, to me, the creepiest aspect of the whole program. During the sessions, students were asked to fill out surveys while an RA watched. Here is a sampling of some of the questions:

 [2]. Would you be comfortable being close friends with any of the follow persons? Mark YES or NO

African American/Black... Y N

A heterosexual man... Y N

An international student... Y N

An openly gay or bisexual woman... Y N

 [3]. Would you be comfortable dating any of the following persons? (Assume you are single)

Middle Eastern... Y N

A heterosexual woman... Y N

A person with different religious beliefs than yours... Y N

An openly gay or bisexual man... Y N

...

In five hundred pages of documentation, there was only one clear example of a student who resisted these bizarre invasions of privacy. According to a report from her RA, this girl had fun with one of the questionnaires, answering the question "When was a time you felt oppressed?" by saying "I am oppressed every day [because of my] feelings for the opera. Regularly [people] throw stones at me and jeer me with cruel names...Unbearable adversity. But I will overcome, hear me, you rock throwing majority." The female freshman--apparently alone in her male RA's dorm room--had the guts to deflect such a creepy questionnaire through humor. But when the questionnaire asked "What is your sexual identity?" she responded, "That is none of your damn business."

For challenging an unlawful intrusion into her private life by a state employee, this student was listed by name and room number in the report as one of the "worst" examples of students resisting the program (yes it does start to sound a bit like the Borg), and the resident assistant even noted that he had filed an incident report against *her*. It would not surprise me if the student had been found guilty of harassing the RA.
 




 Various Presidents have packed the courts to support policy. There was the New Deal court, and then later on the Rehnquist court under Reagan. There are times when this works in the favor of these administrations, and times it works against. Judges are not often as predictable as we might think, and will rule outside the philosophy of their appointer on occasion. 

That said, the Rehnquist court had several good rulings which resulted in favor of the people where government was in the wrong (*Texas v. Johnson*, for example). We should not be so quick to decry an originalist SCOTUS.  




 I believe I read it in Greg Lukianoff's *Unlearning Liberty*, where he mentions the rising college cost is due in part to the expansion of administrations.  




 It's best you start applying for jobs now. Check out Craigslist, Indeed, or your schools employment portal (which many have). 




 Even if management doesn't show respect, why does that mean we shouldn't try to be considerate? The reality is people have lives, and if you disrupt that, you can further ones poverty. Ultimately management is in control, but that doesn't mean we can't be responsible in the work place. 




 The problem is, what if no one serving in office currently has the requirements to serve on a committee? What if no one has a degree in civil engineering? Does that transportation and infrastructure committee then sit empty for a few years? 




 Some of my old coworkers had families, school, and and second jobs to attend. Sure, I can just be an individualist and just say I got mine, but that's not really treating your fellow workers with respect, nor is it caring for the poor (which matters to me).  




 No, as at my other job, my life is not at risk.  




 Martin O'malley is seriously looking to run.  




 But, like the author said, we don't really *know* who is running. We can make presumptions about her platforms, but that's all, due to her (purposeful?) quietness on issues. What's remarkable is that she has been in the spotlight ever since her husband took office, yet despite that, we don't have a clear image of her politics. One would think that over such a grand amount of time, a certain figure would begin to take shape, yet it hasn't, at least not to your average American voter.

Sure, we can presume she won't agree with the GOP on various issues, but even that doesn't tell us much about what she hopes to run on. Like the author said, her closeness to Wall St. is a little troubling, and could very well be a factor into what positions she holds as a contestant. Or maybe it won't. We'll have to see. 




  Afterwards, as a senator, Mrs Clinton made a habit of listening to, and working with, senators on both sides of the aisle, leading some Republicans publicly to regret having disliked her in the past.

Does anyone know who the author is referencing here? 




 Exactly. If I had quit my low wage job at the supermarket without two weeks notice, everyone else's schedules would have been crazy, and people probably would have would had to work hours they didnt sign up for. That really isnt fair. 




 If you ever make it up to Salt Lake City, you've got a free meal from me! Good luck! 




 On the second question, I would doubt he'd want to change anything in that field. For a lot of conservatives/libertarians, giving your money to whomever you wish, no matter the amount, is within your rights.  




 Deval Patrick, former governor of Massachusetts, could be a pick. He has some ties to the Obama administration.  He has a good career list, but nothing that stands out enough for him to warrant a Presidential nomination.  




 That's the key here. Theoretically, voters would have more say in the matter as it's easier to reach your Congressman than Obama. On top of that, if said war became unpopular and lasted until elections for Representatives, we could vote those who were in favor out.   




 I'd love to know his thoughts on financial aid for students, and whether it not that's a service the federal government should provide.  




 Currently reading *David's Hammer: The Case For An Activist Judiciary* by Clint Bolick. It has some interesting examples of how American courts are one of the only ways "the little guy" can challange "the big guy". 

I thought this quote from Madison that Bolick gave was interesting:

"[the] smaller the society, the smaller number of individuals composing a majority, and the smaller the compass within which they are placed, the more easily will they concert and execute their plans of oppression." 




 Although they're capitalist-libertarians, Students For Liberty has some activism kits on ending the drug war, ending war, and defending free speech both on campuses and the Internet: http://studentsforliberty.org/resources/

The Foundation for Individual Rights (FIRE) has publications on your legal rights in college: https://www.thefire.org/resources/

Liberty in North Korea gives great speeches at schools and is one of the best activist groups for aiding North Korean refugees. What's even cooler is their speeches are usually given by other college aged students who go around the country giving talks: http://www.libertyinnorthkorea.org/resources/

People Against the NDAA (PANDA) has an activist kit: http://pandaunite.org/resources/

All of this is assuming you're American :)
 




 It worked with Desert Fox, as he said, which is true to a point. However, it's unknown if such a strike as that would work with Iran (with limited scope).  




 Wow. If that's true, that's quite the accomplishment. I can definitely see why it might have taken her so long.  




 Very good mention. In addition to what you've said, Atlas Shrugged is probably one of the (if not the) most read books today in regards to political fiction.  




 I've heard that the book may have not been as widely read during Hitler's time as we might think. It was given to people as gifts during Hitlers reign, but the receivers may have not actually read it. 

The other thing is, it's a bad book, not because of it's contents (however terrible his ideas may be), but because of it's structure. Quite literally, you'll be reading a few passages on Hitlers youth in Austria, and all of the sudden a rant about the Jews comes up. It doesn't make a lot of sense.  




 I too am starting to get back into the habit of reading! Recently Egan taking the train to work which is about an hour and a half each way, so plenty of time to get some reading in :)

Good luck.  




 Bush. He proclaimed to be for state rights, but when Massachusetts legalized gay marriage, he wanted to create a federal law to prohibit said legalization. He wanted to do the same thing when Oregon made assisted suicide legal.  




 How funny, I was thinking of starting the same thing with almost the same name (Student Anarchists for a Stateless Society, or SASS). 

I've done some student organizing before with a different student group, and would be willing to help out :)   




 Exactly. For my current job, a background check took about 3 days to complete. I'm assuming many states would be able to complete such a request in that same time frame.  




 My ideal process:

* Apply for permit
* Wait 3-5 days while background check is processed 
* Receive permit  




 I like the Cato Institute normally, but this made me chuckle. 




 The news networks will feature third party candidates occasionally (Fox hosted Gary Johnson a few times last election), but their time on the air is very brief, so you're right on the money.  




 Can I ask what good Warren has done from the Senate, from your perspective? So far everything I see by her are just speeches but little action, which makes me question her effectiveness and chances of electability (though she is definitely smart).  




 Mormons aren't that stupid. See this Economist article on their success in the business world: http://www.economist.com/node/21554173

BYU itself is a top rated school in a few fields (and is usually ranked first for accounting degrees). Plus, I wouldn't say they're insular, since many American LDS serve missions abroad in places like Brazil or Russia. 




 You could tell a capitalist to screw off (and write nothing else) here, and get upvotes. So it doesn't really have anything to do with that. But yea, silly comment.  




 Very good point. If video games do contain sexism, it mostly likely is a byproduct of the culture the designers live in.    




 Yes, he has a lot of work to do, especially with college students. His dad did amazing in that category, we'll see how Rand does.  









 They stopped temporarily, that was my mistake during the thread. I'm not sure if they're still doing it or not.

 




 I didn't know about this, so I appreciate the posting. Also couldn't pick up any AnCap bias in the article.  




 I've seen the Google vans driving all over Provo recently. It's cool seeing them be so busy!  




 Like others have said, just politely decline. That said, as far as Mormons go, if you decline to talk to them, but new ones show up a little bit down the road, then that means the local missionaries have been switched out, and they might not be aware you've said no to them before. So keep that in mind. 




 That would be an impressive ticket. Not sure Walker is willing to be a VP though. 




 I asked two questions about the current status of the Beijing-Pyongyang relationship to the writers of The Diplomat during their /r/geopolitics AMA. Here's the correspondence: 

*Q: Last year China stopped repatriating North Korean escapees. What does this signal, if anything, of the current relationship between Beijing and Pyongyang?*

/u/RobertFarley_AMA: There are plenty of indications that the relationship between Beijing and Pyongyang has grown tense in spots. The situation is complex; plenty of Chinese officials seem to feel some sense of obligation to North Korea, and there's a generalized sympathy with respect to shared anti-American and anti-Japanese attitudes. But North Korea also remains an expensive client for Beijing, with the potential to disrupt its emerging trade and political relationship with South Korea. 

With respect to the escapees specifically, it's an administrative and economic pain to have to sort through the North Korean expat community in Manchuria and hunt down the ones that North Korea wants back. I'm actually not sure how much the Chinese have slowed this down; accounts seem to differ. But forced repatriation was certainly proving to be a growing embarrassment for Beijing, and perhaps one that the CCP wasn't willing to endure.

*Q: All of that being said, where do you see the China-North Korea relationship going in the next ten years?*

/u/ChenDingding_AMA: China, under president Xi Jinping, has already adopted a tough approach toward North Korea mainly because NK's behaviors are now hurting China's national interests. This trend will continue for the next ten years; but China will not allow NK to collapse. 

http://www.reddit.com/r/geopolitics/comments/30wxrf/we_are_writers_for_the_diplomats_flashpoints_blog/ 




 In a sense, yes. I can believe gay marriage is wrong and still be a libertarian, so long as I believe that states/local communities should set the standards of what marriage is. 




 Ha, we don't. Our music is absolutely *terrible*, so the caller was a real trooper.  




 No, that doesn't apply. If you break certain codes within a theology, it disqualifies you from certain things, in the same vein that if I believe in ten different Gods, I can no longer call myself a Christian.  




 That's where the name comes from! Thanks!  




 I do tech support for an ISP. Got this call awesome call today:

Me: You've reached ISP tech support, how can I help you?

Bro: Holy shit, I was just on hold for 30 minutes

Me: Sorry to hear about that

Bro: No issue, I'm not mad, I don't even have a problem. I just wanted to tell you you're a beautiful person

lolwut

Me: Uh, thank you!

Bro: Yea, just ignore all those other jerks today. I was on hold for 30 minutes just to tell you that.

Me: I will, thanks man!

Bro: No problem, have the best day~ *click*

First time this has ever happened. And yes, it's going to be a good shift. 




 I think his biggest issue would be seperating himself from this current administration. Lots of people aren't satisifed with Obama, and would probably assume Biden wouldn't do much different than him. If he can somehow make himself look different (without tarnisihing the reputation of his former boss) then he might have a shot. 




 They may vote Republican, but that doesn't mean they agree with them on everything, similar to how a socialist or communist might vote for a Democrat, even though they disagree with who they're voting for.   




 Currently, yes that's true, but they are not the cause of a declining membership.  




 Reason Magazine, NPR, BBC, and the Washington Post.  




 Thanks for all that info. Didn't know that about Bush.  




 None, I think. It's a good read, so I can see why some normal person would want to share it with others. Is there a reason that can't be the case?   




 Some economists do argue that a lack of unionization has been a factor into income inequality. However, this drop in membership has been present before many states adopted right to work laws. The two don't seem correlated.  




 12% of Maryland's workforce is unionized according to Wikipedia. Are you saying that's the reason they have the highest median income? Sorry if I'm misunderstanding. 

Plus, union membership has been going down all across the country for a while, right to work laws or not.  




 Yes, I've seen various subs attempt read groups, and they never seem to go anywhere after the first month. It is what it is.  




 Eyes are peeled! Good luck! 




 They go knowing about it, but that doesn't mean they agree with it. It's perfectly fine to advocate for a change of rules in your school - otherwise, how would progress be made? 




 Generally speaking this rise of cost is due to additions of administrations, not faculty. If you look at your local state school's payroll, you'll notice a difference in pay between admins and teachers, with one outweighing the other (generally).  




 For Harvard, many students don't need loans as the school is free if your family has an income below a certain amount. And for those that are above said amount, financial aid probably isn't possible due to their families high income.    









 It can't work like that. I could very well write in higher taxes on the rich because, for religious reasons, I believe in giving to the needy. There's no way you can stop things from influencing the reasons law makers make the laws they do.  




 I like your beards! Other than that, no comment.  




 Provo, Utah, checking in! Willing to grab a beer or two any weekend :)  




 Just left the GBA a few months ago. I miss Dunkins :( 




 All of that being said, where do you see the China-North Korea relationship going in the next ten years? 




 Last year China stopped repatriating North Korean escapees. What does this signal, if anything, of the current relationship between Beijing and Pyongyang?    




 http://youtu.be/sVx0NpYbtus

Perfect video going over what to and what not to do.  




 A lot of libertarian friends of mine are really saddened by this. They've all had their suspicions of him not being a true libertarian, but this seems to just confirm he's willing to back away from his father's view points.  




 Isn't the article more about sending market signals, rather than "telling us what to do"? I'd think those are two separate things.  




 A group of activists can gather in such a way that each member is a leader - it's not that hard to have a leaderless group where everyone is equal, playing their own part.  




 Just for reference, what about e-cigs? A lot of them only produce water vapor in lieu of smoke, which may or may not smell, but isn't generally harmful. And of course you don't throw them on the ground like a regular cig.  




 Forgive me, but I don't think this is correct, as colleges aren't holding criminal investigations (technically), but rather educational ones. A school is allowed to have different standards of evidence for this reason. For example, in a court, you must generally be charged without a reasonable doubt, but in a school investigation, they only need to be 51% sure you're guilty to reprimand you.   




 Boku No Pico is a yaoi (gay) anime. The yoooooooo thing is a reference to someone's reaction video to it:  http://youtu.be/Hdjv_afHmV4 









 Depending on what questions you answered and which ones you skipped, it doesn't seem like you belong with the GOP! Each question should have an explanation button if you're not sure about what it's asking - or just go and research on your own.  




 Go to http://www.isidewith.com, research and fill out the questions, and share your results! This will show you the stances of a few parties in the US.   




 EUIV and CIV are always fun, and their violence is pretty tame (no blood and guts, side you're moving units like they're chess pieces). Also, depending on the game, many Visual Novels (story games) are very fun. Visual Novels are like choose your own adventure games, ranging from adult themed, to horror, to (clean) romantic comedy. 

 




 There recently was a (rare) lawsuit regarding the third amendment, so apparently we still need it:

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/07/07/anthony-mitchell-lawsuit-third-amendment-_n_3557431.html 




 An answer from a previous thread sums it up:

I dunno man, you seem out of the loop in more ways than one. You know what dickbutt is, and I think you have as good an idea of its background as any of us (I assume it started as a 4chan thing, and it frequently appears as a visual reveal-punchline in GIFs. I'm not sure how much more there is to it.)

But why is it funny? I dunno, you could ask that question about any motif in the world like this that people tend to find humorous. It's funny cause it's unexpected, it's funny cause it's juvenile, it's funny in a "I should have seen that coming" kind of way. 

But if it doesn't tickle you for any of the above reasons? Then you just don't find it funny. Case closed. It doesn't make you out of the loop. It just means you don't get it/it doesn't resonate with you, depending on your perspective.  









 Link to application? 









 If the GOP can get someone in the Whitehouse, and if they can maintain their control of Congress, they would probably act a lot differnetly than they are now, so we definitely have to wait to see what their next moves are. 









 Anarchist reporting in (specifically an anarcho-pacifist). You're asking why anarchism draws in communists and other state socialist types, yes? As in, why would a supporter of the Communist Party of [Country] turn towards anarchism?

Well, such people (communist and socialist statists) are all already against the hierarchy of capitalism (the boss vs. worker relationship). Many take logical steps to then say if one imposed hierarchy is bad, then so are others, namely, government and the imposition of law via violent means (police and courtS).

In fact, to many communists and Marxist academics, anarchy is the final form of communism. That is to say, a communist state should eventually dissolve itself into various anarchist communities. 

As for the label of liberal, well, to many anarchists, any supporter of capitalism is actually a liberal (AnCaps excluded due to their different views).    




 No Scituate? Blashpemy. That would have been great.

"Skit-you-ate? Ski-tua-ate?" 




 I'm also a Bay Stater. Can confirm Massachusetts was not engulfed in flames after legalization of gay marriage.   




 Not sure on pricing, but Arizona State University offers an online BA for many degrees.  




 Can you at all sympathize with how your teachers behaved, given the context of the time (Columbine and 9/11)?  




 This is only my own experience, but last month after moving to SLC I was job hunting via KSL, Craigslist, and Utah Jobs. The good majority of jobs I found were call centers, blue caller work (like mechanics and the like), and a couple software jobs. And driving down a couple streets in places like Sandy, you can see a whole lot of "For Hire" signs at gas stations and fast food joints. 

So just based on that month of job hunting, it doesn't really appear SLC has a diverse field in terms of places that are currently hiring. 




 I wonder what she would do about ISIS if they appeared after the death of McCain. My best is that she would take whatever advice generals gave her (which probably wouldn't be too different from what Obama gets today), but at the same time, I wonder if Republicans would be more open to having boots on the ground with a fellow conservative in the White House, and if so, how would she react? 

My big concern would be her foreign policy towards Asia (specifically China). We've seen Obama and his administration organizing the Asia pivot, but I'm unsure if Palin would follow that same direction. Would she be more openly hostile towards Chinese military aggressions? Probably.  And if so, this would cause a lot of problems. 

But like others have said, age would probably have a good cabinet set up by McCain to rely on.  




 It totally depends on how he worded this while in class, though. I wouldn't call this offensive, but if he said it the wrong way (accidentally or on not) I could see how other students might feel uncomfortable.  




 I think if you go into a local Salvation Army and explain the need for good interview clothing, they might give you a discount or the clothing for free if you do it right! 

 









 How does this open up exploitation? Voter fraud is already extremely rare: http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/OTUS/voter-fraud-real-rare/story?id=17213376

Even if fraud increased, wouldn't the amount of it still be negligible?  




