 I seriously thought it said Barbies. 




 Say it ain't so!  




 I would love to have one. I am a cheap little lame-o. 




 Playing the glitchy ass campaign. I just wanted to know if there was a way around this. 




 So i finished Halo C.E. on heroic past week and it did not unlock the nameplates, avatar, or anything else really. Anyone else having this issue and/or know how to solve it?

Sorry if this is the wrong place to post this. 




 During the Halo C.E. Campaign there are Random explosions and parts of the missions do not load. Sometimes you randomly die when no enemies are present at all. Kinda annoying.  




 Which actually upsets me, since the movie seems like a completely different story; misguiding new fans that developed primarily from the film  




 I just realized that lisa was not even in the movie, even though she was somewhat of an important character in the G. Novels. 




 It's a shame that they almost broke up. Lost two members. Good news though, cams still in the band. Can't wait for their next release. My favorite band at the moment. 




 That user name tho 




 Waking up each day is one of my worst fears. I'm completely disappointed whenever i open my eyes each morning. I want to die, but i'm too much of a little bitch to kill myself. I'm only alive because i don't want to disappoint the people that i know. Every time i try to kill myself i fail. I always feel like i'm a failure. I can't even take my own life, and i know it's pointless to try anymore. Hurting myself is only a way to feel something other than this depression. Starving, cutting, and depriving myself of sleep are the only ways i can hurt myself. I am scared to sleep, due to the fact that i constantly have nightmares about my life. 

I can help but just fell worthless/useless, like i have no reason to stay here. I don't even understand why i'm here. I have no motivation towards life or any activities that use to bring me joy in the past. The joys i felt within these activities were so artificial that it just sickens me to try to participate in any of them. I just don't understand why i am even alive. Everyday is a struggle to try and not end up dead. If i could die without disappointing everyone around me i'd be able to die peacefully. I deserve to die a very painful death. The hatred that i have for myself is sometime unbearable. I just want to slam my head against a wall until i can no longer think, or just jump out into busy traffic. Just something that will be painful. It sounds weird i guess, but a painful death is what i feel I deserve. I have basically no hope in my future and believe that i am heading nowhere in my life. 

My life is a disgrace and i can never change. I make up all sort of excuses or outcomes to everything so i can just stay home and waste away. I do not want to be put on any medication because if i do achieve happiness, i do not want it to be artificial from a pill. I've lived most my life around people doing drugs (Brother addicted to pills and many deaths within close friends). I know it's probably my best route but i just cant live with myself that way. But that's suggesting that living like this is any better. I have been getting out a bit more which is a little nice, but i just feel so fake. I want to express this to the people around me, i guess for help. Even with all the things i said in this post, i want to live a happy life. A life where i can say that i atleast feel okay, respect myself, and overall don't shut out the people i love and my friends. i fell as uif i'm losing myself and them. i'm just drifting away, and i cant find a way back. I'm just so paranoid of everything and everyone. This is the first time i've let this out in about 3 months. I just let it build up in myself until i can't take it.

I know that this is just a huge mess of a post, but i just needed to let it out. There is stuff i most likely missed but i'm just overwhelmed by everything. I'm sorry for my bitching and everything. i just can't explain it well. I hope that i do not wake up tomorrow morning. That way i can be happy, and it would be better that way.  




 Yea, I heard great things about them. I just don't have time to check them out. Do they have a similar sound as sorority noise?  




 They are probably my favorite band at the moment. I was browsing bandcamp, found them, and fell in love with their sound. I can't wait for their next album. Cam is an amazing musician. I believe he is also in old gray (I think that's what it is called) and need to check that out. 




 I love sorority noise to death. They are so amazing. If you haven't checked out their album "Forgettable", definitely do so. 




 Faceless Fear

Broken Promises

Without you

Creations

Faded

We Remember 

I don't know, I just though of these. Maybe one may appeal to you. 




 Oh, well I guess I wasn't paying attention when they said that. Sorry 




 I wanted to know if anyone would be interested doing a big team battle, CTF, etc.. custom games. Just on the normal maps with normal game modes. Maybe get a whole lobby of people. Possibly even play different custom game modes. I haven't played in a while and just want to play custom games. 




 Things to do/ lets play in GTA 5

-Washing Machine

Everyone gets into the back of the moving truck (the truck that the achievement hunter crew is inside during carducken) and close the back, someone takes it as high as possible with a cargobob, then they drop it above an ocean and watch them roll around inside of it. Most like they will die inside so it can be last alive. I know its very similar to carducken, but I still think it may be good enough for a separate thing

Not to sure if idea has been pitched already but I thought it would he fun. Most likely not enough for a lets play but still possible if tweaked somehow. 









 I love it 




 Those are great 




 Nice sound 




 Sick man, dude I wanna see the video.  Update me man. 




 I know no good spots in Pittsburgh. I basically just try to find some nice lots in etna and millvale. Its kinda horrible since mr smalls was shut down. 




 Not a huge fan of the vocals.  




 BEARS 




 Thank you very much for clarifying that for me. Have a good day! 




 Wait, can you use that ability with tokens?  




