 Its really weird, a year ago I couldn't even have imagined ever being this happy again. Even if I thought things were better, I still felt really bad and just assumed this is what "normal" is like. It feels really strange sometimes now. 
























 I wish you all the best - keep trying and don't be afraid to change things in your life if you feel you need too. 
























 Something I do which has really helped me was to write down three things I was happy with every day - at first it was only small things, that I took a shower or that I made a proper meal ... Then, when I felt really horible, couldn't sleep I looked at the list and tried to think about the stuff I had written down and not the misstakes I made. 
























 It was the only thing I managed to eat at the time :-D I bought huge ammounts of it when I found the energy to go shopping and survived off of it the rest of the time. It was winter/christmas time I think 3 years ago. 
























 I tried pretty much every SSRI and tricyclical antidepressant in existence over the last years. Its hard to give you a full list because I know only the local names and frankly a lot I have already forgotten again. Unfortunately for me I never really had any major success with it. I am not knocking meds I know a lot of people where they really helped. Its hard to say how it would have been without the meds at the time of course, maybe it would have gotten even worse.

I never had any major side effects, I was on Venlafaxine a long time which killed my ability to get it up, which was annoying but not a big deal because I was never in a relationship anyways :) Other than that I never had any side effecets on any of the meds I tried. 
























 I honestly don't really know ... I tried so many times, telling myself "starting tomrrow you will get up in the morning, shower every day, whatever", it never worked for longer than a couple days. This time it was just much easier, I put a lot of effort into cleaning myself up, my rooms, and so on. I tried to obsess less about what I am supposed to do with my life and how I have messed everything up and focus more on the little things that I managed to improve and how I really wanted my life to be ...

I think for a long time I already knew what I had to do, what really held me back and what my issues where, I was just somehow to scared and aprehensive to really make significant changes. 
























 Wednesday it was a holiday here and I went sports climbing. When I came home I was so tired, I sat on my little balcony and the sun was shining in my face, this song http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CTX1HJI6n0A was playing in the background and I was suddenly thinking "You know, this feels pretty good. I think I am really happy." Almost made me cry :-D 
























 I honestly can't point to a specific trigger for why I got depressed. I always had days where I was really sad/down my entire life. Those days somehow slowly turned into multiple consecutive days, then weeks, then a full on depression. I also had miserable coping skills with conflicts/problems which didn't really help. I worried about everything really, my lack of any successful relationship, being a virgin, fucking up my college degree, the people I had dissappointed, the oportunities I had missed, what I could have done different ... pointless worrying really about stuff I should have just accepted. 

I tried therapy twice, once during my 2nd hospital stay, which was helpful for getting a bit more insight into the underlying problems, and then again during the last year, which was absolutely pointless - a lot of talking about my problems and what I could do about them ... I found it rather useless, I always knew what to do and what my issues where, I just didn't manage to actually do what needed to be done.

I told my parents pretty early, but avoided telling them about a lot of the gory details and how bad it really was. My parents were fantastic the whole time ... I told some close friends too, but only very superficial information.

 
























 I don't know if you can be happy about little things if the rest of your life is shit. I feel like I had to solve some issues first and care less about others before I was able to enjoy situations like this again. 
























 Also, don't give up on the meds, try some more stuff and stay on something that you feel doesn't hurt at least or helps maybe a little bit. As long as you don't have bad side effects or the cost of it ruins you (no clue about US health care) it really can't hurt. 




 Do it :) I didn't really go "fuck everything" either, I still made sure I found a job in the city I had my eyes on first, looked for a temporary apartment there and so on, but having the mindest of "fuck this I am out of here" helped a lot for me to find the energy to actually do this. 




 I turned 31 a short while ago.

I moved to our capital, which is about 700km from where my parents live and about the same distance from where I used to live. 




 I don't know, I had a lot of reasons to be depressed, or at least I percieved them as such. In hindsight I was just really hard on myself a lot of the time. I wrote in reply to teh_d0ct0r below a little bit about what helped me or not. I can't really talk about the whole "everything is going great but I am still depressed" thing, because it really wasn't like that for me. 




 I think it was a combination of both, the lack of energy I felt from being depressed as well as the incredible social anxiety of meeting somebdoy who knows me who might ask me about what the fuck I am doing and why I have been hiding for weeks ... Some days I was not able to get out of bed and I missed some appointments and then I was like "oh my god, what if I go buy food now and meet somebody I have just stood up". Then I would just stay home and not eat anything, then obsess all night over what the fuck just happened and how I should have just called those appointments I had missed and explained and what I should have said to them ... so I couldn't sleep because of that, making me even more tired and depressed the next day ... 




 No I am no longer on meds and had not been on meds for a couple of months at the point I felt like things were really starting to get better. Meds never really did anything for me unfortunately. Please don't interpret this as me telling anybody to get off meds or not try meds, I know a _lot_ of people where they have worked and helped a lot. I tried a lot of stuff in the med department and only really gave up on them after 5 years of never feeling any real effect. And I still can't really judge how much worse it would have been if I had not been on meds at that time. So stick with the meds, try different medications, unless the side effects are really debilitating.

Therapy I think would have helped me alot if I had made the effort to find a therapist that fit me. Unfortunately thats really hard here, waiting times are very long, its often hard to reach somebody and my lack of energy and gigantic fear of talking to people and asking for help pretty much made it impossible to find a good therapist. The 6 weeks of intensive therapy while I was in the hospital the second time did help a bit I think to gain some more insights into the problem but a hospital is a really isolated environment and things you do there often don't translate well to real life. My second try with therapy outside was really useless, the therapist didnt't work for me at all. I would have needed somebody more like a life coach, giving me concrete tasks and exercises, something like that I think. I didn't have the energy to look for it though during the bad times.

Personal Reflection was a terrible idea :-D It always devolved more into obsessing over what I did wrong and how I should do things while never managing to actually do it.

I think what somewhat enabled me to "snap out of it" really was more like life changes ... Not just okay lets do some things different, I had somewhat of a "fuck everything" moment where I decided to no longer try to adapt myself to what I thought was "expected" of me but to just change everything in my life that made me upset.

For example I was completely obsessed with everybody in my friend circle marrying, getting kids, being in long-term relationships while I was getting close to thirty and still had never even been in any long-term relationship. So I said fuck that, I will move to a place where not everybody is following the plan, where people can still be weird and irresponsible in their 30s. So I did that, and I feel so much happier ... 




 I was pretty stupid and did it once on my own cold turkey, I really can't recommend that unless you want to enjoy a week of debilitating vertigo and nausea. Second time I went off it I listend to what my doctor told me and it was no problem, maybe a day of light nausea the day after the doses got reduced. 
























