 your transformation is one of the best i've seen. how long did that take? 




 damn that was dark and smart. i like 




 Love it. Thank you. this is the reason I posted. To see what other people know. For supplementation do you mean the non-natty athletes?  




 whoa this is super interesting. thanks for this 




 yoooo yeah you've told me before and you're absolutely right. i just wanted to add for the macros trend, even if you think you're eating right, remember to watch sugar intake too. no substitute for eating clean though 




 Swimming is great cardio. Something funny and kind of counter intuitive: the worse you are at a movement, the more calories you'll burn while doing it. So in a way, if you're bad at swimming or your technique isn't the best, it's actually better exercise because you'll be expending more energy to do your laps. 

And yeah, if you have the energy/ time, more than 3x a week is even better. Go for it! 




 That's cool. I'm sure you're right. Thai fighters that fight on a more international level aren't going to be able to win by standing right there and trading with someone that actually moves around to avoid the shots. I think Buakaw has pretty good movement too. Don't know if its dutch kickboxing, but yeah 




 Hey, it's great that you're trying to make a change. What "ShitLordStu" says is right. You definitely have to start by monitoring your food intake. If you're willing to track your meals, I'd suggest starting with http://iifym.com/iifym-calculator/ 

it definitely helped me a lot. If you don't have access to weights or machines, it's really not a problem. Start with cardio and body weight exercises. Sprints 3 days a week, and depending on your ability, start with pushups, situps, jump squats, pistol squats, pullups (if you have a bar). You can definitely use the heavy bag for cardio if you have gloves. Bike is a great form of cardio too. 30 minute high intensity bike rides would help a lot.  




 As someone who suffers from this, I started to look into the topic a bit more. I know the most truthful and basic answer is calories in vs. calories out, but I've been tracking my food for a while, and still been frustrated by my lack of results. I thought there must have been something I was missing. If you're pretty lean up top but seem to be storing fat down low, it could be a hormonal imbalance. 

Estrogen and testosterone are frequently deemed the "female" and "male" hormones, respectively, but both sexes have the two hormones. Males that tend to store fat on the back of the triceps, the hips, buttocks, and thighs are likely to have higher levels of estrogen. 

One of the biggest causes of estrogen/testosterone imbalances is blood sugar levels. A lot of males vary in their ability to metabolize estrogen, some bodybuilders and athletes can eat up to 6 donuts a day and still look absolutely ripped. But, other males can be very sensitive to sugar, and this can be one of the leading causes of weight gain. 

Hopefully I can post some progress pictures soon, but I'm definitely seeing some good results after regulating my sugar intake. I'm 23, 6'0, 175-180 lbs. I've been eating about 2200 kcal, (165C, 220P, 73F #iifym) and 60g of sugar, and it's definitely helped a lot. It was hard at first, I think there was some level of sugar dependency, but after about 2 weeks, it started to get a lot easier. For some people, every calorie may be the same, but I learned that it definitely isn't the case for me. Getting carbs from an apple vs. from a donut has very different effects on me. 

Obviously I'm no endocrinologist, and I'm still pretty new to this, but I noticed that there wasn't really a thread for this topic. I'd love to hear /r/fitness thoughts and experiences on it. Here are some pretty good links I read. 

http://www.ion.ac.uk/information/onarchives/autumnbiosignature-modulation-weight-loss-through-hormone-balance

http://robdaquila.com/2012/04/23/blood-sugar-imbalances-can-alter-estrogen-and-testosterone-levels/

http://functionwell.com.au/addressing-testosterone-and-estrogen/

 




 correct me if im wrong. seems like there is significantly less use of angles in thailand muay thai. they stand and exchange directly in front of each other. other than stepping out at a 45 to throw the roundhouse 




 watched every game season and post season and have to say i agree. when cp lets blake lead the break, and blake picks it up early and gets to the rim, it's fine, but yeah. when he tries to dribble past the defenders.. no good 




 lol this was a sad fight. looked like a mismatch right away  




 college roommate. "bonerface" 




 i was at the game last night. AUSTIN RIVERS C L A P C L A P CLAPCLAPCLAP 




 "he's the best player in the playoffs"
"chicken fried steak"

BLAKE SHOW 




 blake is on another level... 
























 i really respect that. i'm definitely planning on knocking out far and reg first. starting work in august, so i'll have to finish bec and aud after i've started  




 2/4! you're almost done 




 yeah definitely. twice the first time through, then my review week again  




 Scheduled FAR for July 8. Doing Becker Self- Study. Thankfully haven't started full time yet, but I wake up stressed everyday. First thing I think about is, "I need to get this much done today." Sigh. Just venting. Good luck everyone else studying. Debits go on the left, credits go on the right.  




 crazy.. the things we can convince ourselves 




 are you saying you were knowingly pretending? or that you had actually convinced yourself? 




 have to say i agree. and LOL your username. guessing thats sarcasm 




 honestly this is what i think too. even when i was part of the faith i was skeptical about these people being "told" things 




 hey guys, so i grew up in church, and have only recently started thinking more critically. do you guys have any experiences with friends/pastors/churchmembers knowing things about you or telling you things like, "i felt called to tell you blah blah blah" or "i think god is telling me to tell you blah blah" or "i feel like you are going through this and this struggle" 

basically like they were being given information about you from a higher being? do you think these people are lying to themselves, tricking themselves by attributing their own subconscious knowledge/ perception to a higher being?

EDIT:

something else i just thought of, have you ever been prayed for in tongues? do you also think these people just fooled themselves into thinking they magically pray in another language? 




 some of my friends hug too much. like a hug should be over the top of the shoulders. some grab me by my waist, some touch my crotch or slap my ass. i just took it, but i eventually had to confront them and explain how uncomfortable i felt with excessive male-male touching.  




 cereal 




 LOL. i ended up watching the whole video 




 yo keep these coming. this is one of the coolest series on this sub 




 kind of interesting/scary. im a male, training fighter, so i usually feel pretty safe in terms of self defense. in my dream, i was sold into sex trafficking and forced to "service" other men. the traffickers were all pretty big and strong, so when i grabbed a knife and threatened them to make me stop, they just laughed and 3 of them jumped me before i could really pose a threat. they eventually got me to cooperate and forced me to go serve a client. he was a blonde boy, and when i walked in he said, "oh boy." and he was getting ready to rape me. then his dad called him on his cell phone, so he didn't actually do anything to me. he had a dog in the bedroom and i think it was a corgi. i remember feeling so utterly broken and powerless, and really ashamed. i looked at the dog and it looked at me back, and the craziest thing was, the only person who still treated me like i was a human was that corgi. 

maybe not scared shitless, but i can tell you i was disturbed. i'm 6'0, about 175 lbs, so i've really never felt that weak before. it also made me realize how scary it must be for girls. the fear of getting raped or kidnapped by a big scary man or group of men. shit 




 what a stud. props man 




 yeah if houston takes this one and harden gets some fire and confidence, game 7 away would be pretty scary 
























 trying to sneak a selfie. just be honest about it 




 yeaah... definitely ill 




 pizza hamburgers hot dogs ice cream cake cookies 




 that is so awesome. and respect. i was actually going to join the LAPD hahaha, but stuff happened... 




 http://blog.betdsi.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/pic_alistair_overeem_skinny1.gif

http://isportsweb.com/wp-content/uploads//2015/04/alistair-overeem-denied-1.jpg

http://photos.imageevent.com/sharpshootercollectibles/newwwepromos/Brock%20Lesnar%202012.jpg 




 this is actually super interesting. if you added some fat this was kinda like brock lesnar vs. alistair overeem. lesnar naturally has a way bigger frame. overeem put on the muscle so they weighed the same.  




 run with a backpack on  




 hahahaha word 




 something else i wanted to add... im actually the drummer for my church and to be honest, i havent told the worship band where i stand in my (lack of) faith. but i still enjoy the experience of practicing and working together to create the best possible sound and experience for the church... i do plan to step down eventually 




 i see them as good works of art. music is a great experience and it can be explained by science honestly. there are 8 notes in a scale, which all vibrate at a certain frequency, and when they do it in certain combinations, they make major, minor, diminished, augmented,etc chords. i think music is just a good experience. and christian artists, despite what they are singing about, are conveying a meaningful emotional experience, with usually poetic and well written lyrics. so that combined with good musicianship and instrumentals would also make for a pleasant listening experience. no reason to feel guilty i dont think 




 first thing reading through that: you're a good writer and it was really cool reading your articulate thoughts. hell is scary, and the whole science vs. religion and how some christians think science is evidence of how detailed god is... idk it just seems like an easy way out. but yeah there are times when i think back to the christian teachings i was raised with. how there are passages like, the enemy will try to deceive you or there will be false gods and stuff like that. but when i try to really look at the world, god just doesnt make sense. every culture had a religion to explain how they came to being.  




 Anyone else have any experience with this? I grew up in the church so almost all of my friends were part of this church circle. It feels almost impossible to break out and meet new people that think like me. 

How did you guys find a new circle? The friends I grew closest with I still consider my friends, but there definitely is a divide now.  




 i'll never feel tall enough ripped enough smart enough rich enough. and to be honest im insecure and ive never really felt like an alpha male, but if i admit that and show it, i think i become even less "masculine" 




 if you want to compete in mma or get really good, it's going to be pretty hard. bodybuilding is definitely intense training but the conditioning, flexibility, and movement training would for a significantly different goal than being a good striker/grappler 




 CPA 




 i used to always make fun of my parents for napping during the day. i'd say things like, "what's so tiring about driving? all you do is sit in the car." now i understand the joy of a nap 
























 this is awesome 




 thank you so much for this... hopefully they dont catch on 




 genius 




 mood, self esteem, appearance. i have a naturally pretty large frame. 6'0. even when im not working out and eating pretty little, i drop down to 170 pounds which i think is pretty heavy for someone without much fat or muscle. i feel pretty ashamed if im out playing sports and im not strong or athletic. 

also in the working world. when guys wear their dress shirts and tuck. if you got belly or muffin top, or your ass is sticking out of your slacks or your legs arent firm, even the nicest people cant help but treat you a TINY bit different. if you look good, you perform good, you feel good 




 math 




 these videos used to piss me off, but now i find it satisfying to see him get beat 




 popcorn...

ice cream...

chips... 




 all my major muscle groups have gotten bigger. deltoids and back saw the most growth though. also my abs push out now, not as defined as i want yet, but the abdominal muscles have definitely gotten bigger. been 2 months of lifting for me too. "newbie gains" 




 ex machina 




 LOL 




 oh definitely. im sure in the heat of the game, once they lose their cool, they arent thinking straight and arent considering slowmo replays/ refs watching. 

also none of these plays are actually my favorite, if anything im poking fun at how stupid some of this is. i think any play that isn't a "basketball play" and can cause injury is really really stupid and could damage or even end another players career 




 oh was that last year? hahaha 




 darn missed that one
 




 everything works out in the end 




 burritos 




 hahaha i do that when im checking for acne or food stuck in my teeth. looks like im trying to get a good angle for a selfie... 
























 haha caffeine for sure. thanks dude. congrats on graduating 




 post coital chilling. just being intimate and having pillow talk 




 mmm. the crazy thing is i was raised and sheltered in this christian bubble for so long i almost don't know how to interact with people not in that little microcosm 




 currently in deconversion. took a pretty big step and told my church that id be leaving. not sure if i should be completely honest and explain why. 

edit
it wasn't exactly a ceremonial or crazy process to deconvert, it was actually after i had smoked and was being completely honest with myself that i admitted, wow i don't even believe anymore. 

i actually gave a eulogy when my friend died in 2010. i remember convincing myself and saying, wow god wanted him so bad, he's in a better place now, but looking back i realize and admit that i didn't and don't think he went anywhere. his consciousness left his body, and my friend is dead.  




 COMPLETELY AGREE 




 wow... great job 




 i laughed too hard at this one. belongs in /imgoingtohell 




 i love me too 




 agreed. physical/sexual abuse of anyone in my family 




 religion 




 that's a good one. you mean change perspective as in how you are viewed? or do you literally mean your line of sight since your back would be straighter 









 yeah i learned about that a little bit in my buddhism class. he never really claimed to be a deity, but was it his original teaching that buddhists would be reincarnated? or that there is an afterlife? or was that based on something else 




 This is one of the questions that still bothers me. Who was Jesus if christianity isn't real? I guess this goes for Muhammad and Buddha too. Did these guys all just convince themselves they were actual deities? 




 definitely think about it. one of my best friends died couple years ago and i gave his eulogy before my deconversion. i said the basic christian comforting lines and i also said it so i would feel better too. but now that i think about it, i have to admit to myself that he's just dead and gone. its painful but thats what ihave to rationalize. when my mom had cancer, i was tempted to pray, even though my brain knows that there probably isnt anyone listening 




 that's from just 7 weeks? that's awesome 
























 its ok i laughed 




 glad it went ok after that 




 oh no.. sorry to hear about the miscarriage :( and the whole experience.. guessing religion lol 




 holy shit that pissed me off just listening to it. sorry you had to go through that  




 LOLLL 




 edit +

wow some of your experiences are really sad/ unfair. lol. sounds like the non religious one gets blamed for being the tempter. stupid 




 last weekend i hooked up with a girl after a fun night out. we had a great time, and then i guess it got pretty intimate not just physically but on a personal level. we ended up getting to religion and i explained my deconversion. she told me she was actually a devout christian which really caught me off guard, considering everything she had just done was probably a sin in her opinion. then she said that people have tried to prove the bible false, but that no one has been able to. i was shocked at her confidence, and i don't have any concrete evidence, but i highly highly highly doubt that the bible is inerrant. 

tl;dr, hooked up with a christian girl. she was very christian, but also didn't feel guilty. i was surprised. 

thoughts?

+ also read this if you have the time

http://www.gty.org/resources/positions/p10/you-can-trust-the-bible 




 got some hindu kush. im smoking out of a small pipe. any good instructionals on how to pick apart the plant so i get the most efficient smoke? like i know to pull out the stem 




 wow that is dark 




 stevia and cinnamon  




 sleeping in my car, then using a sponge w soap in mcdonalds to shower. i was in college and didnt have a place for the summer 




 sex 




 i like this. pretty true 




 real gs move silent like lasagna 




 pregnancy test 




 good luck :( 
























 yeah like he has low body fat and good definition, so he looks super in shape but he actually doesnt have much thickness or mass. im sure plenty of bodybuilders/ physique competitors dont have ideal bone structure, but they put in the time and work their weak points to build proportional physiques. that said, i wonder if this guy realized how apple shaped he is at this low body fat/ lean mass. maybe hes on /r/fitness. POST PROGRESS PICS 




 you probably have decently wide hip bones too, but its not bad. like this is one of the saddest things ive seen. just not good genetics

http://33.media.tumblr.com/9f4523b323194c76dd8e84a23226d863/tumblr_inline_ng1d0tszRQ1sc28u4.jpg 




 this is a really cool thought/idea. im sure humans are genetically too different but i like the thinking 




 happens a lot in movie/film/commercial. you cant post pictures on set without permission, makeup, stunts, special fx, bts anything like that 




 hilarious 




 unspoken social cues.. still kinda blows my mind. pretty sure humans are the only species that can do it. like if you ask a girl out and she doesnt want to say yes, but doesnt want to be rude, so says something else, but it was a nice way of saying no 




 pretty sure this'll get mentioned a bit, fresh prince of belair. when wills dad comes back then promptly leaves. "how come he dont want me" and uncle phil embraces him. uncle feel 




 sounds like good parent technique too 




 damn if i ever worked out w ct fletcher id probably just get so frustrated and quit from all the useless noise 




 mannnn. haha not your fault dude. onto better things! 




 lol you didnt rape her (im assuming/hoping). she cant say shit to you 




 yeah thats fucking annoying. id be pissed too 




 that is a complete mood kill... 




 almost 




 whoa thanks for this 




 hahaha oh man. i feel like christians forgive themselves for a certain level of sin. like a lot of my christian friends praise jesus guiltlessly on sunday, then cuss/smoke/drink throughout the week. but sex is bad and being gay is bad and drug dealing is bad 
























 fear of body fat. i was obese all throughout childhood/ teenage years. lost all the weight once i started on the track team and fighting competitively. thank god i kept growing so i dont have any of that extra skin. but yeah mentally/ emotionally still scarred from the names i was called. if i ever get over 15% body fat i think id be flirting with depression again 




 no eating. you can just put a blanket under and if you use a condom its fine.  




 I used to be really into the "hip" christians. Jefferson Bethke, Chris Quilala, Mark Driscoll even. Now I look at them and I still think they are genuinely good people. I can't help but think like, man, these people have convinced themselves of such deep religious fanaticism and even made it a cool/hip thing.  




 funny. got taught sex ed in PE in elementary school, but we talked about it a lot at church as like one of the most terrible sins ever 




 LOOOOOL 




 i would say mind reading. i think at a certain point, if you could read everyones minds, youd just get depressed. lot of things better left unsaid/ unknown 




 that last sentence was pretty damn poetic. .gna steal that. creds to u in advance 




 horny as fuck 




 love it 




 https://www.harriscomm.com/equipment/alarm-clocks/desktop-clocks.html 




 hey its really great that you're trying to get in better shape, but what exactly do you mean by "fit by that deadline" do you mean losing a certain amount of lbs? running a mile in a certain amount of time? dont look for a quick fix. think about it this way. you're undoing 21 years of unhealthy living, so it's not going to happen in just 3 months. 

id say start with running a mile everyday. or if thats too much 1/2 mile. and for food, you dont have to micromanage, but learn about the caloric contents of your food (how many calories, how many grams of fat, carbs, proteins) eat more vegetables, clean lean meats (if your not vegetarian), healthy fats from nuts, avocado or fish, and avoid processed sugar/ refined carbs.

that should be plenty to get started 




 internet 




 porn 




 or what if sex is consensual for one and rape for the other hahaha 




 we are all going to hell. this is hilarious though 





























 HAHA that was genius 




 interesting 




 :) thank you kind person 




 read some of the comments i agree w most of them. to add to it, i think there is some level of biology to it too. males are deemed worthy mates by their ability to provide and protect their potential offspring. males see certain females as good mates because outer/ sexual appearance is reflective of fertility.  




 First off, I want to say thank you to all you guys. I've been lurking this subreddit for a while and started posting pretty recently. It's been so helpful to talk to kind and intelligent people, and it's helpful to hear that you guys went through a lot of the same things I'm going through now. Anyway, here it is. 

Left my church. I was pretty involved with leadership and all that, so this is actually a pretty big change for me. My entire circle of friends is though this little bubble of christianity, so as i start work and move out of my parents house, this almost feels like a new identity.

but to be honest, it's been very hard to find new friends and i'm kind of going through depression again from feeling so alone. i know the right answer is to go join a gym, volunteer activities, online dating, but its just not that easy and i feel like if im actively TRYING to make friends, it isn't natural and i seem almost desperate to even have friends. but i guess honestly i am pretty desperate. 

out of college and graduate school now so there isnt that option.  




 yeah i think fitness helps a lot. even if you have a plain face, as long as theres nothing glaringly wrong, your best bet is to just have an awesome body. it takes time to build a physique you can be confident in, but with maybe a year of dedication and good eating, id say one year is a very good investment for potentially helping the rest of your life  




 happy for you. did these become your lifelong friends after graduation too? what communities are you most involved in now 




 dude(tte) this is one of the best comments ive read. thank you. so interesting 




 wait. i must look. totally fell out of the loop/stopped following a while ago 




 Just had a first date and didn't want to come off as too horny, so I kept it light with just holding hands.  




 watched til the end. did not regret it 




 mindblown wtf 




 "SURPRISE BLOWJOB".... then she woke up and divorced me 




 i understand haha. your hormones are in overdrive right now. your parents are doing it out of love for you, they think its best. just be patient. once you move out you can have all the sex/ porn you want.  




 fights. nobody throws kicks in a life/death situation 




 knees. naturally pretty athletic and fast, but dislocated my knee so many times because of an extreme q angle. will never mentally recover or play sports to my full potential 
























 be there for her, but dont be her world. if she relies on you for everything, you will eventually fail because that isnt a burden you are meant to bear, and it will break her 




 yep 




 LMFAO 




 dude thats awesome man congrats!!! 




 sonya curry 




 Am I actually an ENFJ? I am very good at talking to people and I'm generally not nervous, but I think about everything so much and am so internal. but I also start to feel lonely and even depressed if I'm alone too much.  




 hahaha you're right. maybe rinse* 




 you go in there?? 




 my fight coach was getting frustrated with me because i kept thinking i understood the instruction but actually didnt. he got mad at me and said "YOU DONT LISTEN". seemingly small but it really messed with me and i got surprisingly sad 




 i love it. i think its worth the risk 




 I've learned that a lot of guys just think "water will get it" but man that is not true. Especially if you play sports, you have to scrub your feet, and everyone poops, you have to have to have to soap your butthole.  




 did you ask her what she expected? was the card made of like cheapass cardboard and old newspaper with a pen? i mean jeez. sounds like you did a good job to me lol 




 i like the question you posed. i know in sunday school they taught us a lot that god is a jealous and self loving god. and the barbie doll argument. like if you programmed a barbie to say i love you, would it be meaningful. no. god does the same thing. he gives you a choice so it feels better when you choose him. just quoting what they taught. think its stupid either way like yeah. ur gna give them the "choice" to love you then send em to hell if they choose wrong lmao 




 dadbod 




 drink a shot of protein powder to that 




 hahah it was the most i could comfortably do without being too sexual 




 i think i successfully masturbated in class twice in my life. had to use my left hand both times. RAGING hormones as an 8th grader.  




 into a tissue 




 oh trust me i have not forgotten. i'm watching every single one of these games rooting for lebron. im not a cavs fan but goddamn i would HATE to see gsw get a championship 




 if he calls you a slut, id be a bit worried. but when i think of myself and my friends, we wouldnt really say the word slut in front of a girl. its really judgmental and we might be joking about it as bro talk with each other but yeah definitely never in front of a girl 




 best to err on the side of caution. thats what i thought was best too. i think its easier to explain/ ask for forgiveness for being too civil than for being too aggressive  
























