 The realisation that I liked not only men but also women and then also non-binary people came very slowly. I had feelings for girls at 16 and came out to myself at 18 (as bi). And when little sheltered me discover that gender is more complicated than than, I realised I could be attracted to non-binary people too. It's totally 'normal' (whatever that means) to always know or for it to come to you slowly. It's okay not to know yourself right away. You have to live to know yourself and at 21, I still don't feel like I know me and I don't feel like I fit the bisexuality label anymore. Hope this helps. 
























 Do tattoos blur or fade or disintegrate with time? Are there any tattooing misconceptions that you would like to clear up? 
























 First of all, Sir Ian, thank you for being a great British actor and LGBTQ activist - you make me proud to be British.
Is there anything about your career that you want to change/a new direction you want to go in? Have you regretted roles you've done? And what's your favourite wizard joke?
Thank you very much for taking the time in indulge our curiosities. :D 
























 A woman is someone who tells me that they are a woman. You don't 'need' a qualification to be a woman e.g. genitalia, clothes, make-up, long hair. It doesn't matter if your trans, genderfliud, cis or what. You don't need a certain trait to 'qualify' you as a woman.
Gender is just an easy way for cis-people to show their sex and hence their secondary characteristics. Presenting as one sex or another, I think, is supposed to indicate what genitalia you have but it's a flawed system. Because now we know, the traits one associates with gender don't necessarily equate to sex.

In summary: it doesn't matter what society thinks because society is a mish-mash of the thoughts and ideas of people that lived a long time ago, who don't know the things we do now and have the same experiences.
If you want to be called a woman, I will call you 'she' and treat you like anyone else. You are the only person who will live with you for your entire life and you know yourself best. Frankly, I think transpeople are some of the most amazing individuals around. GET 'EM GIRL!!! 
























 I've struggled labelling my sexuality for a while now but I still feel very attached to the LGBT+ identifier. I know that some people choose not to have a label (and that's awesome) but I love words and I love having a feeling of identity- and LGBT+ subreddits have really helped. 
I just wanted to say that while I'm fairly new to reddit, I love all sexualities and genders and I think that the community here on reddit is amazing.

Much love to everyone and support in their struggles (as sometimes there are mean people). I love all you guys so much for inspiring to feel better about my "no-label" situation.

SUMMARY: I really appreciate having a community to make me feel less anyone and I just think that whatever you are (straight, gay, lesbian, pan, bi, trans, agender, bigender - and all the other ones that I can't remember or don't know about yet) you are awesome. 3
(I'll stop gushing now) 
























 It's really helpful connecting you to other people who are going through the same things :)
Youtube especially really helped me come to terms with who I am. I know I'm not really all the way there yet but I'm so much happier than I was three years ago, when I first came out to myself. I'm with a woman a love and I have really supportive friends and family. That's all I ever wanted :) 
























 I'm on Zoloft - or the British equivalent sertraline - and I think it's helping. I need to start therapy but I think it is helping. I'm much less self-destructive now :)

Be prepared for the initial side effects though (as with all antidepressants) and go back to your doctor if you think it's not for you. 

Good luck!! I wish you the best! 
























 Naww thanks. Interesting username btw. 
























 Rude! I'm sure LADYKILLERRUTH is very upset by this! 
























 Thank you for sharing. I know from experience that making that step to seek help is REALLY hard but it's amazing that you managed to help so many others too.

You are a great positive force to have on r/depression. :) thanks again 




 I'm here if you need a friendly ear :) 




 Naww thanks that's really sweet! I am also a bit of a nut and love random love from the internet :P 




 Thanks! That's not really my opinion though :P

The stories are coming well - finished the first draft of my first book and I'm editing it atm. It's going well! :) Thanks for taking an interest! 




 I think we've all had moments where we get to our darkest place and sometimes it's hard to get to a less dark place. I'm doing this because I think that it's important to gain techniques that can calm you down or help IN THE MOMENT.

Whether it's relaxation techniques or physical things, I think it would be a good idea to list some things that help you IN THE MOMENT to get over a bad bout of depression or anxiety. This does  NOT include self-harm, lashing out, violence or mean actions. I'm talking about positive things to feel better and sharing them with others to encourage them to get similar things and bonding over de-stressing techniques. :D

Mine are:
Phoning my SO,
Watching Star Wars,
Cuddling a teddy,
Having a cathartic cry.

What are your things? 




 The thing I'm probably the best at (cringe at the implied arrogance) is that I'm kind. Or that's what my girlfriend say. She says I'm always kind and very thoughtful.
People also say that I'm articulate - which makes me glow inside because I want more than anything to be a novelist.

p.s. this is a great idea! Getting us to try to feel positive! 
























