 Here is the back story you need to understand: My grandmother didn't raise any of her kids. The relationship she had with her children is like the relationships royalty had with their offspring. After giving birth, she pretty much only them at meals. My grandpa and great-grandma raised my mom, aunt, and uncle. 

My sister is engaged, and grandma asked, "When are you having kids?"

Sister answered, "Probably never. But if we do, it'll be years from now."

Grandma looks bewildered. "No kids? But why?"

"I don't like them."

"Well, I would raise them for you."

At this point my mom starts laughing so hard she nearly drops some dishes. "Mom, you didn't even raise me, you know nothing about babies."

"That isn't so! I raised you kids."

"No you didn't. Grandma got us ready for school every morning. I remember dad taking care of us during the night. You laid in bed every day until noon and then went shopping."

(Here's the kicker.) "Well, I gave you a bottle once."

I gave you a bottle once. *Really.*

Grandma is still trying to convince my sister she'll raise her baby for her.
 




 http://www.tumblr.com/tagged/i%20need%20feminism%20because
I'm still not sure how Tumblr works, so in case what's in that link changes here is another pic:http://i50.tinypic.com/243iwqs.jpg

Okay:

Sleeping Beauty: It's annoying when people act like some random prince just raped Aurora. That might have been what happened in the original tale, but not in the Disney movie. In the movie, Aurora and Philip fell in love on their own. They met out in the woods and sang together. Aurora eventually stuck her finger on the spinning wheel, and went to a magically induced sleep until Philip could kill the villain, and kiss her to wake her up. It wasn't as if Phillip came across a sleeping woman and decided to rape her here. They were already in love and he just had to kiss her to wake her up. In what way is that anything like rape? If you want to bitch about the original tale go ahead, but that's not what the Disney version did.

Snow White: I've always felt that the true heroes were the drawfs, not the prince. The drawfs opened their home to SW and cared about her. They didn't make her cook and clean for them; she chose to. There was a homeless child wandering around the forest, and they adopted her. The prince just kind of happened among them and decided to kiss a corpse. He didn't protect her in any way.

Ariel: Ariel didn't change her body and leave her family for Eric. She did that because she wanted to be human. She wouldn't have met Prince Eric at all if she hadn't been going to the surface to spy on humans. 

Jasmin: Well, this is true for the time Jasmin was written to exist in. But in the end she chose to marry Aladdin, who was worth nothing politically. And her choice was accepted and supported. What's to bitch about here?

Belle: I'm confused here. Is this saying appearances don't matter to the guy as long as the girl is pretty? Belle's appearance isn't what made the Beast fall for her. It was because she was smart (all that reading she did) and wanted to help him. In the deleted scenes it even shows Bell teaching the Beast to read. That's why he liked her. 

Cinderella: Or maybe if you keep your chin up, try your best, and believe in yourself even in bad situations, good things can happen and you'll be rewarded? 




 Men:

Circumcision - Can we please give baby boys the same rights girls have and stop mutilating them?

Child Support - I have no problem with it generally, but it's just wrong that sex can lead to a man being stuck shelling out money for 18 years. If a woman is told from the get-go she'll be a single mother, she accepts full responsibility if she decides to keep the child. She can still abort (which I also think should be legal in all 50 states and cheap as part of healthcare), or put it up for adoption, so it isn't like she has to be a single mother if she doesn't want to. Obviously I don't think a man should be able to leave a heavily pregnant woman after they've decided to have a child, or a child he already has, but it's wrong that a woman can just say, "Yep, I'm one month pregnant, so get a job because you're on the hook for 18 years." *She has choices available to her, so should he.* I know poverty is also an issue, but I would also have a minimum wage you can live on, like Sweden does.

-The draft. Mens' lives aren't worth less than a woman's. I believe the draft should be done away with entirely, but both sexes should have to register as long as it exists.

Women:

Abortion legal - That's it. Her body, her choice. She gets the only say.

Military - Standards should be the same for men and women if they are doing the same work. All roles, even combat, should be open for women if they meet the requirements.
 




 I don't have dental insurance and can't afford it, so I'm looking into getting my teeth looked at by dental schools as I hear it's cheaper. How much cheaper is it? My teeth need so much dental attention but I'd settle for just having cavities taken care of, will they do that?  




 If you've ever had a retail or any sort of sales job, you know the drill. You're expected to smile, be energetic, and make customers feel welcome. Yeah, not very easy for someone whose life involves mostly misery. I can't even count how many times I've been called into the managers' office because someone complained that I didn't smile (yes, people have actually complained because I didn't smile at them), or because I wasn't friendly.

Now, I am never rude. I am polite, always give customers my full attention, and try to help them in whatever way I can. But I simply cannot act enthusiastic enough to satisfy managers. That's why my job interviews often lead nowhere. Smile? You have no idea how much energy it takes not to cry sometimes, smiling is quite out of the question. And I can't act enthusiastic because I can't remember the last time I was excited. I have my good days and bad days, but my two main moods are depressed and neutral. If I'm neutral, it means I'm having a good day.  









 http://mybrownbaby.com/2011/12/taye-diggs-says-fatherhood-is-a-little-scary%E2%80%94but-easy-and-romantic/

I know this article is over a year old, but it made me chuckle. I'm a huge Broadway fan, and a fan of Idina Menzel, Taye's wife, so I watched some interviews with them after the baby was born. They mentioned having a nanny, a cook, and at one point, a driver.

No, I imagine parenting wouldn't be at all difficult with all that. But the scary thing is, when this article first came out, on Broadway forums were saying, "See, parenting isn't that hard, you just have to love each other!" I hope they won't think their baby comes with three people for help too. :X 




 I was put on 10mg of Paxil at age 11, maybe 10 at the youngest. At around 17 I was put on 20mg, and in my 20s (I'm 24 now) I was put on 40mg. I've been feeling like my medicine isn't doing as much as it used to, and have been since I was 17. The doc thought it would help to keep increasing the dose, but finally I said I don't think increasing the dose would help a lot. So she switched me to 20mg (to start) Prozac, and told me to go down to half a dose of Paxil for a week, stop taking it, then switch to Prozac.

Well, Monday (the 4th) was my last Paxil day, and I feel like complete shit now. Headaches, those electrical shocks in my head (I'm sure you know what I'm talking about), the nausea, the back aches, the dizziness...just ugh. It totally feels like the flu. I'm sweating enough to fill a swimming pool. I've always been an easy crier, but now I can cry just on command. I go back to the doc in April, I just hope it's better by then. 

Also, yes, I'm aware a week is a very short time for Paxil to be weaned off of. But it's been 5 days, I may as well ride it out, since it wasn't doing much for me anymore anyway. On the bright side, at least I haven't found a job yet. Working like this? No.

And finally, old suicide wishes are spring back up, but I don't have to worry about that since I would feel really bad for my grandma if I did, so I'm putting it off until she dies, at least. I've been dealing with it for more than a decade, it's just a little stronger now. 




 You have to agree it takes a special someone to make it through something so rigorous as medical school. Not only is the subject of your learning difficult, med schools tend to test your stamina by making you go on little sleep and outrageous hours. For years. 

Now look at me. I failed out of school (not med school, but still) and I don't feel comfortable complaining about my inadequacies  to someone who's basically a god compared to me. I can barely keep it together to hold down a job, let alone do anything that takes skill and intelligence. I just feel like they'd be right to look down upon me, although I know they wouldn't. 




 I know this article is a few years old, but I haven't seen it mentioned here before, so...

http://thestir.cafemom.com/healthy_living/8143/_Baby_Lust_Would_You

There's an alarmingly high statistic floating around CafeMom of late:
Forty-two percent of women claim they would lie about contraception in order to get pregnant, regardless of the wishes of their partners. In other words, women so desperately want a baby that they tell their partners are on birth control when, really, they aren't.

Honestly, this sort of shit should get men off child support responsibilities if it's found out. I already sort of support "financial abortions" for men (of course, some things would need considered, such as cost of abortions for women, access to healthcare, etc), but how can anyone find this shit acceptable?  









 So many people say you can't compare female circ to male circ because of these things:

-Female circumcision removes the clitoris, which would be like removing the entire penis in a male

-Female circ is only performed to diminish sexual stimulation in the female

-Female circ is done in dirty conditions with pieces of class, inviting infection and death

-Female circ ruins lives

I don't deny all this is true in certain parts of the world, like a lot of countries in Africa. But too many people are unaware of other types of female circumcision, which can very easily be compared to male:

-In places like much of Egypt and Indonesia, the clitoris isn't removed. Only the clitoral hood is removed. This is very similar to removing the foreskin in the male. The development of both types of prepuce is the same. Both uncover the glans during sexual stimulation, both are fused to the glans at birth, and both collect smegma. 

-This type isn't done to diminish sexuality. It's done because they believe it to be cleaner, healthier, and more visually appealing. 

-This type is very rarely done in huts with pieces of glass. Doctors in hospitals do it with sterile equipment.

-Women who have had this type done to them seem happy with it. Let me post two links:

http://aandes.blogspot.com/2010/04/circumcision.html

This one is a blog written by an Indonesian woman. In the blog, she talks about taking her daughter to the hospital and having her circumcised. She says her daughter never cried, and she herself had it done as a baby. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcJNAtn-c6Ifeature=youtu.be

This second link is about circumcision in Egypt, mostly of women. The women interviewed said they enjoy their circumcised bodies, will have it done to their daughters, and they go on to describe how safe it is since it's done by a doctor, how much healthier it is, and how much cleaner it is. 

Now, for the record, I believe even this form of female circumcision should be illegal. It's body modification on a child. But what's striking how similar it is to how we view male circumcision in America. 









 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaqFHT8oOBo

Here's part of Nanny 911 - see if you can even get through 10 seconds of it!

This just astounds me. If my sister and I had acted like that I'm sure my dad would have killed one of us. And I always cringe when I see kids hitting their parents. I went through a hitting phase as a child, but I never hit an adult. I knew my dad would have had my hide. 




 They have to put emotion into everything.

For example, the word victim. It means you were the hurt or oppressed subject of a crime or other malicious activity. It's just a term. Recently I was told I'm not allowed to say rape victim anymore. I have to say target. Not sexual assault victim, it has to be sexual assault target. 

But WTF's wrong with victim? It just means you were taken advantage of. And you were. Nothing is shameful about it, it's just a term. Soon they're going to decide target implies the person wasn't human, or something. 

Some others:
Dumb (it used to mean you couldn't talk, so it's offensive to people who can't talk)
Retard (Can't even use it in its correct context now. Retard just means to slow down. You can't say "One pedal makes the car speed up, the other retards it)
Broad (Yep, I had someone tell me it's offensive even if you mean wide or big, since it's also an offensive term for women)

How about we make these people so afraid of every English word they just stop talking?

EDIT: Can't believe I forgot to add my favorite one! Butthurt. A SRSer told me it's offensive to rape victims(targets?) because it implies rape. I said, "I always thought it meant you fall down and hurt your butt like a whiny little kid." They answered, "Well, some people say it means rape so you shouldn't use it." So now you can't say things because other people MIGHT think it means something else. 









 I didn't feel good one day, and decided it must be my empty stomach, so I ate some shredded beef jerky. I guess I was actually sick because I threw it up 15 mins later. It was oddly foamy and tasted so sour. I didn't eat beef jerky again for about a year.

What's your experience? 




 I live next to a family that is fucking huge. Two parents and three kids, all of them really large people. The oldest is probably 19 or 20, the next kid is 17 or so and the youngest is about 12. 

I was about 11 when the youngest kid was born, and I remember her being a normal sized baby. Maybe on the large side, but nothing crazy. As the months passed, I noticed the baby getting way too big to be healthy. My parents said the same thing, but with her family being huge, what else was there to expect? By the time she was 4 years old she was too heavy to lift. This trend continued. 

I remember the youngest (let's call her Sara) was always complaining that her legs hurt. Her mom said, "Everyone's legs hurt, you'll get used to it." This family is very "being-fat-isn't-unhealthy" despite the fact that the father and the oldest daughter are both diabetics because of their weight and the middle girl has breathing problems, also weight related. We live out in the country and there is quite a walk between our houses. I played with them when I was younger and I remember having to stop inbetween houses to they could catch their breath. 

Well, a little bit ago their mother called my mother on the phone, upset, and told her this: Sara had fallen and broken one of her knees a few weeks ago. It was a slight fall, but her weight and the stress on it over the years broke the knee pretty easily. The doctor said she needed to stay off it at all costs. He didn't even want her walking on crutches because the recovery was going to be so slow and fickle. Her mom asked why she couldn't just use crutches, and he said frankly, it was her weight. She was too big to walk around on one leg without risking injury to it, and it was also too risky for her broken knee because of the stress put on it. 

Well, they couldn't accept the news from the doctor that weight was actually having a negative impact on their daughter. When Sara got home they didn't take his warning seriously. They didn't believe weight would hurt her injury further, so they got her crutches and let her walk around.

Guess what's happened now? Sara started complaining of extreme pain in her knee. It was so bad one night they took her to the ER. Diagnosis? Bone death. Probably caused by the break not being allowed to rest and having to continuously bear a lot of weight. They're going to have to replace her entire knee. 

Honestly, I believe child services should be called in these cases. You'll get your kids taken away if they're dangerously skinny, so why is being dangerously overweight okay?  




 SIDS - sudden infant death syndrome - is what they call it when an infant dies and there is no explanation. It's probably caused by babies falling into a deep sleep and not breathing. Despite many ways to lower the risk, thousands of babies still die from it every year in the USA alone. 

What kind of shit is this?! Knowing me, if I had an infant I would be driven literally insane from the worry. At least I don't feel the need to check to see if my cat is breathing every 5 minutes. 




 I really don't mean for this to be a pro-suicide message. I was just wondering if anyone else ever felt this way. Most people see what they think as their eventual suicide in a negative light, but I've seen it positively for years, and want to know your thoughts.

In my view, my life is a trap. Doing a job I hate to support a life I don't want for years and years. I'm only 23, but I think my middle aged years would just be more of the same. The same old depression, sadness, and annoyance continuing for years and years until I finally die of old age. Well, knowing suicide is there helps me, sort of. I know I don't have to live that life if I don't want. I only have to live it as long as I can stand it then finally check out.

Again, I don't mean for this to be pro-suicide or anything of the sort. I've just never met anyone else with these same feelings and wonder if anyone is out there. 




 Here: http://i45.tinypic.com/ym8vt.jpg

I know you can't expect a toddler to behave, really. They can barely understand what you're saying and they tire easily. But this kid sounds miserable to be around, and the mother is at fault, IMO. 

And they go to the zoo once a week? WTF? I rarely got to go to the zoo. 

And she's proudly vaccine free? I wish I could send these idiots to the past so they can see the terrible things the diseases we don't have now because of vaccines did to people. 














 -Clothes. I will never spend more than $8 on a pair of pants or shirt. Goodwill has a lot of nice stuff for very cheap. It boggles my mind why people spend hundreds of dollars on clothes.

-DVDs. I can understand picking up a cheap copy of a movie somewhere, but do people still really buy $20 DVDs? Even with piracy easily achieved?

-Baby stuff. Again, Goodwill is great for this. I've never seen anything that looked dirty or heavily used in the baby section. I also saw a good crib for $20. A stroller that looked like it just came out of the box for $20. Even some clothes with the pricetags still on them originally costing $15 or $20. Goodwill's price? $2.50. If I ever have a baby, the nursery is going to be made up from Goodwill shit for under $100. 

-Most things in a pet store. If you're getting a special item I can understand it, but why would you buy basic supplies at a pet store? You can get the same exact objects at Walmart for a third of the price. I got my rats a water bottle for $1.50 at Walmart. The exact same bottle was $4.50 at Petco.

-Books. Textbooks not included, since there is really no way around that. I can't believe people buy books at Barnes and Nobles at those prices. I buy my books online (in great shape, too, some even brand new) for half those prices, even if you include shipping. 









 http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/16xipk/moms_of_reddit_whats_something_about_pregnancy/

I do want to have a baby someday despite this horror, but I swear a gagged a few times reading this.  




 According to SRS's idea of privilege, the only people who can openly speak about anything without being invalidated by their race/sex/sexual orientation/etc are black transsexual gay women who are disabled. So these people are the lucky ones. They can say whatever they want without being told to check their privilege and shut down. 

So whenever they begin talking, tell them to check their privilege privilege. 









 I mention tearing up at the lyric change "a man who only learned to love when you were in his keeping" during the finale, and my cousin scoffed at me. "But you don't like kids."

So that means I wouldn't see the importance of a man who hasn't seen any sort of love in 25 years adopting an abused child and finally finding some purpose in his life. 



















 I'm not bothered by women who nurse in public as long as they don't make a spectacle of it, but I am annoyed at the "Look at my exposed tit while I suckle my child, aren't I a goddess!" women. Breastfeeding isn't that amazing. All mammals do it, and you aren't mother nature. I'm glad you've chose to nurse since it's the best an infant can eat, but someone isn't being unreasonable if they ask you to cover up a little in a restaurant.

I don't mind nursing done discreetly, but you don't need to have your entire boob out while you glare at strangers silently daring them to say something. 




 http://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-2250785/I-locked-toddler-room-night-save-marriage.html

Really, the parenting problem began long before this. Why did the boy think it was okay to get up after his parents put him to bed? Even before I started kindergarten, I knew once I was put to bed, I wasn't allowed up unless I was going to the bathroom or getting a drink of water. And if I was doing that, it'd better be fast. And pounding on the door? I didn't dare pound on the door after being put in my room, I would have had my butt beaten. 









 I've worked three jobs so far. The first two in food service, and the current one in retail. I always hear about how rude and entitled teenagers are, but I've noticed the exact opposite. I'm actually happier to serve teenagers. They're a lot more patient, forgiving of mistakes, and treat me like a human being.

My least favorite customers are the elderly. They get mad at me if computers are slow, roll their eyes if I ask for ID, and I've even had a few flat out walk away while I was talking to them. 














 JROTC is a program the military has in high schools to teach about the military and promote signing up after high school.  4 days of the week is learning about the history and how the military is run, and one day is uniform day. Students are given a military uniform and graded according to how correctly they wear it. 

Well, my cousin in ROTC told me that in October, instead if your uniform shirt you could wear one of those pink breast cancer awareness shirts and it counted as part of your uniform. Nothing wrong with that. But in November, male students wanted to be allowed to grow their beards for a month as part of Movember, the movement to gain awareness for male specific cancers. They were told no, that a beard isn't part of the uniform. Well, neither are pink shirts, but that was allowed. 

But for some fun, let's answer how SRS would when told about this problem: BEARDS! YOU'RE WORRIED ABOUT BEARDS WHEN 100% OF WOMEN IN THE MILITARY ARE RAPED EVERY DAY! *insert dildos and poop here* God, when will men learn no one cares about their beards when women are so oppressed that they're considered too weak to be in the military at all! Ever think of that? They probably just want to wear beards to scare the women who were raped by men with beards! 




 For one, I have severe depression and anxiety and it's a chore to talk to people for me. Not good for a retail worker, but who really works retail because they enjoy it? I have a running habit of getting complained on at work. The usual comments are "didn't smile" "didn't look at me" "didn't greet or thank me." I got two in the past two days. Now, I can be a bitch, yes, but not at work. *Hell, I don't speak back or even react to customers who are rude to me.* I just continue doing my thing. Right now I work behind a counter, and my comments are usually, "Hello. It comes to a total of $_______. Swipe your card here. Here's your things. Take care." And the best part is, these past two days I wasn't even in a bad mood. I was just kind of like: Yeah, another day, what's up? Even the bagboy behind me said he didn't notice me being rude. 

One problem I think is that I don't smile very much. It's just never been something I've done. It doesn't feel natural and plus, I have weak teeth and don't like to show them.  




 Just a vent about how pointless my existence is.

I started going to nursing school in 2010. Luckily for me, my parents paid for it. Paid for the classes, my books, the gas to get there, everything. But less than 9 months later I had to drop out. It was because I was beginning to fail some classes (no matter how hard I tried, I could not get my test scores above 76%, and they were always frustratingly close, like 74), and the teacher said if I ever tried to enter any other nursing school with a record of failing out, they'd be less likely to take me, so it's better to have a "chose to drop it" on the record. 

For the past two years I've been feeling pretty guilty about wasting my parents' money. I put my school books under the bed because I can't stand to look at them. What's more, I want to go back to college (not for nursing, don't want to go through that hell again), but knowing I'll probably fail and throw $10K down the tubes again, and this time be weighted down by student debt. And who's to say going to college will even lead to a job? It doesn't for so many people.

My situation is a *little* better than it was when I was last here. Instead of making $7.70 at Wendys I'm making $8 an hour in retail. I don't enjoy it, but it's certainly better than Wendys was. At least I don't spend my off time fantasizing about dying as much as I did there. 

I was diagnosed with depression at age 11 and have been on Paxil since then; I'm 23 now. I feel like one of those people who will never really be an adult, since I haven't been able to move out and still live at home. And I feel like an ungrateful bitch for failing out of college by parents paid for, although it's been 2 years and I feel as bad for it as I did when it happened. 




 I'm 23 years old, and want a baby so bad I could cry. But I know I have no business with one since I have a crappy job and live with my parents. Still, I hope someday in the future that may chance and I will be able to be a mother. 

Despite this, I support childfree people strongly. For one, children deserve a loving family, and they may not get that if they have parents who don't really want them. It's so stupid to pressure people into having children who don't want them. It's 18+ years that will be spent mainly on taking care of another person. Besides being expensive as fuck, we're talking about a child here. They need so much love and attention. 

Another thing is overpopulation. There are 7 billion people on this planet, and growing daily. There is no need for people to breed like bunnies. Not really part of this topic, but I feel it's appropriate here, I think adopting should be easier. No, children shouldn't be given to just anybody, but it shouldn't cost $60K to adopt a kid, and we shouldn't be turning down wonderful potential adoptive parents because they were caught with a joint 10 years ago. 

My last point: As someone who has worked crappy service jobs my whole life so far, I've some terrible kids that have made me almost reconsider wanting a kid someday. I've seen kids spit on, hit, and bite their parents and face no punishment, I've seen kids make hugh messes employees with have to clean up and their parents don't bat an eye. Now I work at an expensive store that sells exotic decorations, and parents even let their kids climb onto the shelves and knock items down that probably cost more than I make in a week. And the managers let them do it because they don't want to make customers feel like they can't come back. If I were in charge, I'd make parents pay for everything their kids ruined, AND ban them from the store. 









 Here are a few pics of my goats:

http://i49.tinypic.com/1671d13.jpg

http://i46.tinypic.com/242c10i.jpg

http://i49.tinypic.com/m8lor9.jpg

That's all I have by way of proof. I could send a mod my Facebook profile, which has more pics of goats in our yard, if you want. 














 I'm talking about suicide, of course. My mom says that  phrase all the damn time, and I just want to say, "Or it could be a permanent solution to a problem that never goes away and eats at you until you have to do something to end it." 

They act like suicide is something people decide to do when they're behind on a couple bills, when they have a flat tire, when they're currently working a job they don't like. They don't understand that people choose this because they can't take the never-ending sadness and loneliness anymore. I know people do it for different reasons, but no one has decided, "Well, I loved life before, but I got this F on my report card, so I guess I'm checking out."

I'm just venting. We heard tonight that someone who lives nearby shot himself because his business was going under. It aggravated me that people ignored the other possible issues he may have been having and think he killed himself because he'd had to close his hardware store. 




 I don't see my life going anywhere. I still live at home, and Wendys is the best job I can get. Failing out of nursing school only made me realize how stupid I am and that I'm unlikely to ever progress beyond Wendys. I wasted thousands of dollars on nursing so I'm afraid to try to go back to college and waste even more money. And even if I did manage to get some degree, so what? People with degrees are working fast food jobs too. I'm exactly where they are now, except I'm not in terrible debt. 

I know your 20s are confusing and you often bounce from job to job until you find one you're fit for, but I have co-workers in their 30s, 40s, and even 50s. I refuse to let that happen to me. How is that sort of life worth it? I don't want to leave my loved ones, but I cannot stand the thought of working at a minimum wage job my whole life, more miserable than ever, just to scrape by. 

I'm only 23, so I guess anything could happen, but I doubt it. I just don't see the point of living a life with little happiness on the off chance something might get better. Oddly enough, knowing I won't be doing this into my middle age years is comforting, whether it's because I found something else or because I'm dead. Frankly, I'd rather be dead.

I've been on Paxil since I was 11 (I wanted to kill myself even back then), and it seemed to work in my early teen years, but even the higher dosages my doc put me on only takes the edge off. I guess we could try other medicines or other dosages, but what's the point? I would just be more miserable than I am now between now and the time we found the right medicine and dose, which could take who knows how long. 

I just felt like venting tonight instead of just keeping it to myself. Thanks for reading. 




 Mine was a cystoscopy. I'm female. I have frequent unexplained UTIs that are still a mystery, but last year the doc sent me to a specialist for this. They pretty much stick [this](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Cystoscope-med-20050425.jpg) into your urethra and into your bladder. It's got a camera on it so they can see what's going on.

They did this with some lube, and that's it. No pain medication. The insertion was...something terrible. It hurt less once it was into the bladder, but it still hurt a lot and feeling it move around was just adding to the discomfort. Removal was another horror and peeing afterwards felt like I was pissing lava. 

And yes, it's normal to not receive any anesthetics for this.

What are yours? I'm waiting to read! 














 For some reason, I can't stand to take a bath in narrow or small bathtubs. Something about sitting in one with my knees touching the sides just makes me shudder. I also can't stand the thought of laying in one without water. Even seeing other people do it makes me cringe. 

I also can't take a bath with no bubble bath. Something about seeing the bottom of the tub while I'm in it bothers me. 




 I work at Wendys, and we're not supposed to void anything. That means if someone orders a single, and I enter it into the computer then they decide they don't want it, I have to void it, and this is one count against me. If my void percentage is up to a certain amount, I get written up. WTF? First of all, most voids aren't my fault. "I want a cheeseburger deluxe with extra pickles. Then a water. You know what, scratch the burger. I want a chicken sandwich." Ugh! Then the manager looks at the voids at the end of the day and says, "You lost us $25." How does this lose any money if the line hasn't even begun making the sandwich yet? Why do restaurants do this?  




 I'll start. My cousin told this joke:

Martha asked her mom, "Mommy, can I go outside and play with the boys?"
"No, darling, they're too rough."
Martha thought for a moment, and asked, "If I find a smooth one, can I play with him?"

My mom's friend thought it had something to do with pubic hair and said child abuse jokes weren't funny. 




 I work at Wendys. It was during lunch rush, and I owed someone $0.42 in change. I got out the $0.40, and started to unwrap a roll of pennies when my boss started yelling at me to be faster. She scolded me in front of the customers, and forgetting I still owed the man $0.02 I gave him his change and called the next customer. The next guy ordered for about 10 seconds when the last customer pops back over and puts the receipt in my face. "Young lady, this says my change is $0.42. You gave me $0.40." I had already closed the register, so we waited for the boss to bring the key so I could open the register again and give him his $0.02. 

Honestly, he cut back in front of a very long line and held us up during lunch rush for $0.02. The next guy in line did not look happy.

Edit: Yes, I noticed the typo in the title. 




 Warning, this pic is a little gory. She's recovered and is totally well now, but we have no idea how she ended up like this. Does it look like a bite? An impalement? The vet couldn't tell.

http://img295.imageshack.us/img295/1060/others018bm5.jpg 









 I work in fast food, and this happened today.

A pair of young parents brought in 7 kids. The oldest might have been 10, the youngest looked to be only a couple months. While they ordered, they let the children run around and do as they please. Darting under the tables, making a bunch of noise, nearly knocking over other patrons, ect. I noticed while they were ordering they left the infant in a carrier way on the other side of the restaurant by himself. 

I thought this was bad enough, but it was worse when they actually sat down to eat. The parents watched as three of the kids actually climbed up on the neighboring tables and jumped off, again and again. The oldest kid pushed out a chair and stood one of the toddlers in the window, which was about a good 4 feet off the ground. The kid pounded on the window and giggled madly. 

When they left, I had chairs to put back, tables to push back together, handprints to clean off the window, footprints to clean off the tables, not to mention bits of food everywhere and drinks spilled all over the carpet. If I was the manager, I would have told them to leave long before they sat down. 




 This was in 2006. I was 17, and my aunt took me to the mall along with her 2-year-old son. She was going to get her eyebrows waxed, and asked me to keep an eye on Jakey (the kid, obviously) for her. We could go wherever we wanted, and she'd call me on my cell when she was finished. 

Let me just say that I wasn't all that keen on watching Jakey. He was a spoiled brat, and since he never listened to his mom, I doubted he'd listen to me. He threw a tantrum like any toddler when he didn't get his way, but unlike most toddlers, his tantrums mostly got him what he wanted. He'd even been known to call his parents "bitch" and "asshole" without any consequences. But I agreed to take him, and we wandered over to the Disney section. 

Another thing about Jakey, he loved escalators. His parents would ride them up and down with him again and again, and the Disney store was right next to the escalator. I was looking at the princess dresses (I've always been a Disney Princess fan) when Jakey started his "I want to ride the escalator!" fit. It started out as just whining, but he got louder and louder and began stamping his feet. People were looking over, but I was determined that unlike Jakey's parents, I would make him mind me. 

I said, "We'll go up and down the escalator in a minute, but if you keep throwing a fit about it, we won't go at all." He threw himself to the floor, immediately screaming and hitting his fists and legs on the ground. I heard people mutter about teen parents, but I ignored them and tried to pull him up. He climbed away from me and dove under the clothing rack. Of course several shirts fell to the floor and I worked to put them back as quick as I could. I didn't realize I would lose track of Jakey so fast. 

By the time I put the last article of clothing back, I had no idea where my cousin had gotten to. I was beginning to panic. What if I couldn't find him? What would my aunt say? My gaze shifted towards the escalators although I hadn't really thought of looking there. Jakey had been wearing a red shirt, I can remember that very clearly. I saw a woman heading up the escalator carrying a curly brown haired child with a red shirt. 

I instantly sprinted out of the Disney store, shouting for her to stop. I knocked several people out of the way running to the escalator, but the woman thankfully didn't try to run or anything. When I reached her, she put Jakey down and said, "I'm sorry, I just saw a little kid alone on the escalator and was worried he'd get hurt on it. I was going to take him to customer service." I didn't say anything, I just grabbed Jakey's hand and dragged him all the way to the elevators once we reached the top floor. I had decided there was no way in hell I'd let him enjoy another escalator ride after what he'd done. Finally my aunt called, and I got to release Jakey back into her supervision. 

I did tell her about the incident, but she just laughed it off. I don't think she realized how scared I'd been. Also, I'm sure the woman was telling the truth, I was just already so nervous kidnapping was the first thing that popped into my head. I know this isn't as scary as some stories, but it was a couple hours before I felt normal again. 

Oh, and at age 8, Jakey is still a big a brat as ever. 




 My dad and I were watching The Shining when I was about 10, and the part where Wendy sees the guy in the dog suit blowing the old man came on. I asked what they were doing, and dad swore he didn't know.

Oh, and "Fluffy went to the farm" stories don't count, since we've all had those. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/ShitRedditSays/comments/x5y4u/on_obama_why_is_he_considered_a_black_guy_when_he/

First, it's true what the OP said. Obama is as much white as he is black. What's wrong with acknowledging this? It's just a fact. I myself have wondered why everyone says he's black when he's exactly the same amount white. I'd vote for him again regardless of his race, it's just something I've always wondered. They're claiming we're saying Obama's biracial because he *must* have some white in him to be successful! Yeah, sure. 0.o

Also, what's this about defining Obama's race for him? No one gets to decide what race they are. It's genetics. That's not something that is up to interpretation. You're whatever your genetics say.  














 And if you've been raped before, what would you do this time?

I probably wouldn't. I'd want to go to the ER to get tested for disease and such, but bothering with the police would be the last thing I would want to do. In fact, I probably wouldn't tell anyone. 




 (This is my sister's AMA on my account, since she isn't on Reddit)

http://i46.tinypic.com/21mhvn4.jpg

Info: Sat on a draft horse with no saddle or bridle, and fell off. Surgery was performed on Thursday, and she wasn't able to come home until Saturday. Pain meds were making her hallucinate and panic. She had a nerve block done before the operation, which she said was the worst pain she's ever felt, but the docs said it would have been worse without the nerve block. It will be about 6 months before she's able to walk without the help of a wheelchair or walker. Ask away. 




 I know it's been done, but I want to have trouble falling asleep tonight! 









 http://www.reddit.com/r/ShitRedditSays/comments/uhfpx/im_still_waiting_for_reporters_to_follow_women/

The feeling I got from the quote was, "When we realize how creepy it is that men are following women into their locker rooms, maybe we'll also realize that it isn't right to allow the women to make the nude men feel uncomfortable, either." Maybe a little vengeful and sarcastic, but true.

But of course, SRS can't have that! You can't even joke about a woman's locker room and a reporter now, although *women actually are allowed into mens locker rooms.* 




 I am a cashier at Wendys. If you go through the drive-thru:

-Have your money ready. If you went through the screen right to the window, I can see not being ready, but if you waited in line, there is no damn excuse for not having your money out.

-Please understand that we're on a timer. If you take a long time to get to the window or take your time digging for change, I have people on my headset yelling at me because they think I'm holding you up or something. Having exact change or giving me change so you can get an even amount back is fine, but if you must dig through your purse or coin pouch to get it and I'm waiting on you, please just forget it and give me the nearest dollar so we can get you through and my boss will stop yelling at me through the headset.

-Please don't put your money in your mouth or lick your fingers before going through the bills. Would you want to handle money with spit on it?

-Please drive to the second window after you get your change as soon as you can. Again, if you sit there putting your money away, checking your make-up, putting everything back in your purse, my boss is on the headset telling me I'm taking too long.

-Please don't get upset if I don't laugh at your lame jokes or really return your small talk. I've been standing there for hours for minimum wage, or running between the window to the sink to do dishes between orders. I'm wet and miserable, especially if it's cold out and I can't close the window because you're talking. I will not be rude or pushy, but please understand I'm doing a job and my job is to get you through ASAP. If you sit there and try to joke with me, you're holding up the line, getting me into trouble. 

If you get your food at the counter...

-Please speak up! People are talking behind me, in front of me, beside me, and there are also the sounds of cooking and pots and pans hitting surfaces. I can't hear your murmuring and whispering. I'm also partly deaf in one ear, so if I tilt my head towards you, speak into that side of my head.

-Go slowly. Fast food computers are shitty, and I often have to hit the buttons a couple times before your order is entered. While you're going on about your Frosty, I'm still on your burger trying to get your preferences entered in.

-Don't come up to the register without me calling you up. In the afternoons there are no runners, so I have to collect the food and put it on the tray myself before I can take another order. This makes me nervous, and the person waiting for their food is now pushed into the wall. Wait until I call for the next person.

-Be nice! Believe me, I want you to get your food quickly as much as you do so I can move on. If you say, "Excuse me, I think I ordered a large and you rang in a small," and you're polite, I'll probably fix it without charging you the difference. But if you push the other patrons aside and act like a smart ass, you can bet I will charge you the difference.

Any other tips, Redditors? 




 -If they start their post with "going to be buried, but..." It's so annoying. Annoying enough that I downvote your ass.

-Horrible spelling and grammar. I also downvote a comment if they're just replying to correct someone's spelling and grammar. 

-Insulting someone. If you can't convey your thoughts without insulting people, DOWNVOTE! 

However, I never downvote someone just because they offend me or I disagree with them. 









 For those who aren't familiar, the idea is that since a woman can 100% control when she's going to have kids by using condoms, the pill, abortion, etc men should have more options than just condoms. They can break, some men have reactions to the latex or the lube, whatever. A financial abortion would allow a man to tell a pregnant woman early on that he won't be around financially for the child, and she won't be able to go after him for child support. Of course, this would have to be done very early on, when she can still have an elective abortion if she decides. He wouldn't be able to tell his 7-month-along girlfriend that he's skipping town. 

This does present some problems, one being that the child might be living in poverty if the mother keeps it and can't afford it (which no child should have to do). We also have to think about how difficult abortions can be for women. They're expensive, painful, and possibly emotionally wrecking. Also, for some women, abortions can be difficult to get, especially in red states.

I support FA in theory, but we have the above kinks to work out. I just think that if a woman has the total power to never have children even if birth control fails, so should a man. A child is a huge responsibility, and "parenthood by choice, not by chance" should apply to everyone, regardless of sex.  




 Any horror stories at all.

Today, I had someone come through the drive-thru with no pants on. She was a very big woman and I'm pretty sure I saw her labia. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/ShitRedditSays/comments/tijog/13_year_old_girl_dies_and_by_donating_her_organs/

Okay, anyone who donates organs should be admired, but there is some crazy shit going on here. I love how they're claiming it's because the girl is female, when the original comment said nothing at all about the donor's sex. Not to mention all the comments about the doctors being men. How do they know some of the docs weren't women?  









 http://ravallirepublic.com/news/state-and-regional/article_244325fd-723e-5739-9cb1-8f9c10f526bf.html

Come on Missoula, that's pathetic. 




 Some TMI details: I woke up at around 4 AM with severe cramping. I figured it was probably a miscarriage, as I had been experience some light bleeding for the past two days. I was almost 9 weeks in. But I had work that day and since I wasn't able to call in 12 hours ahead, I would need a doctor's excuse. I couldn't afford the copay to see a doctor, so I just decided to go in. It was very painful, but I took a Vicodin I had left over for my wisdom teeth and tried using a pad. The pad was full in about an hour, so I just decided to wear one of my grandpa's leftover Depends. (Yeah, weird, but what else was I going to do?) 

I went in about three hours into my miscarriage. The Vicodin was helping, but it was still in pretty terrible pain. I think everyone knew I wasn't feeling good because they were really helpful, and I think even the costumers knew something was up because I was tipped extremely well. 

The next day my mom lent me the money to see the doctor, and she gave me a doctor's excuse for that day. I was bleeding a lot less, but it was still nice to have a day off to rest. She did confirm it was a miscarriage, and it took a few days to completely pass. 

Not sure how I would prove this, I didn't take a picture of my dead embryo or anything. But when I told my boss what happened when I went into work next, she was pretty shocked I came in in that condition, so maybe others would have questions? 




 http://loop21.com/life/marissa-alexander-stand-your-ground-against-black-people

The article is about the stand your ground law and the controversy surrounding it and Trayvon Martin's murder, but I'm posting it here as a gender issue.

What happened to Marissa here is something we usually attribute to men: She was in an abusive relationship, fired a gun into the ceiling to scare off her husband who she said threatened to kill her and began to charge her, and is now in jail because her husband claimed she tried shooting at him and his children(from another marriage). 

I thought I'd post this because it's another case of the wrong person being arrested in a domestic abuse case, even if it's the woman in this case. I can see having her in custody for awhile since she supposedly fired a gun at someone, but why not her husband too? He has a history of domestic violence, and threatened murder.  




 My cat is 13-14 years old, and I've noticed for months she's been peeing on the carpet. I'm at the end of my rope. I've tried new litter, new litter boxes, even taken her to the vet to see if anything is wrong (nothing is). She uses the box sometimes, but I've seen her pee on the floor with my own eyes. I've tried to clean it up as best I can, but I think the carpet is ruined, it always smells again an hour after I've scrubbed it with urine neutralizer. As I've said, I'm about to lose it. I have no idea what else to do. Has anyone else's cat done this? I am going to replace the carpet, but it's sort of pointless if she's just going to keep doing it. 




 All my examples are strangers thinking our family needs assistance.

The first is me. I don't remember this, but I've heard my parents tell it. When I was about 5, I asked my mom for a PBJ sandwich, but she said no because it would fill me up and I wouldn't eat my dinner. So I simply went a few houses over and asked the neighbors working outside if I could have a sandwich. They made me one, but since they didn't know my family well, they followed me home to ask my mom if we had enough money for food.

The second time my sister was in 2nd grade, and told the teacher we didn't have anything to eat in the house. The truth was that my parents were on a health food kick and there wasn't anything she wanted to eat, so to her, we had no food. We got a call from the counselor asking if we needed help applying for food stamps.

The third example is about my cousin. In high school he refused to wear anything but these ratty worn out pair of boots. My aunt got a call from the teacher offering to buy him a new pair of shoes if they were going through a tough time. 














 Also, my account is now 27 hours old. Why is it still not letting me have a shop? 









 The Most Interesting Man in the World. It's never been funny. Ever. 




 http://hamptonroads.com/2009/10/military-men-are-silent-victims-sexual-assault

We were discussing the current controversy about women in the military and having to "expect" to be raped in the equality subreddit, and someone said it's a common hazing technique on both men and women, even though the spotlight has only been on the female victims. The link above claims 22,000 men were sexually assaulted compared to 14,000 women. If this is true, it's another example of only the women getting the attention and help when the men need it just as much. I thought it was interesting. Too bad not many people realize it. 




 A Clockwork Orange has been one of my favorites since I was 15. I love the original Picture of Dorian Gray from the 40s(and have since high school). I recently saw the original Doctor Zhivago, and loved it. 

I hate the stereotype that teenagers and people in their 20s only like the shit rappers put out. A lot of us have better taste than that. 




 I've had this dream several times. I am in my grandparents' old house. It might be important to state that I miss this house very much. I felt more at home here than I did my own house, and I moved away when I was 11. Well, anyway, I am in the bathroom, and I plan to take a bath. But the bath tub is filthy, so I decide not to. I then go to the sink to brush my teeth, but the sink is disgusting too. At this point, my grandpa tries to come into the bathroom. I am naked or in a state of undress, so I try to stop him. The door is suddenly unlocked (it was locked before), so I have to push back against it. My grandma suffered from alzheimers for about 10 years before his death, so several times he'd try to come into the bathroom on you, not understanding why the door wouldn't open and why you wouldn't let him in, but he was never this bad while he lived in the house I was dreaming about. 


I'd normally consider it to be just a weird dream, but I'd have it several times. It might also be worth mentioning that I am fickle about bath tubs. I will only bathe in a clean, familiar one. In places like hotels, I will only take showers. 




 Ever. He's nearly 23.

I thought this was something that happened to every guy. Any other guy ever been this lucky? 









 I just want to share this wonderful thing I saw on court TV(which I usually hate). First off, this man and woman came into court, both saying the other was guilty of domestic violence. Of course, the audience automatically sided with the woman, even though the woman had no proof he ever beat her. Lucky for the man, he had police reports proving the woman was arrested for domestic violence three times. Then the woman claimed he owed her thousands in child support. The man retorted, "No, I don't, and here's the proof." He had brought several receipts proving he didn't owe a dime. He also showed the judge a text the woman sent him, basically saying, "I'm never letting you see your kids, HAHAHAHA!" So the judge awarded him *several thousand dollars* for his mental suffering, since she had kept him from the kids for months. The man got everything he was there for, the woman was proven to be a lying bitch and by the end of the show, the audience was cheering for the judge's decision.

I hope the man realizes how lucky and smart he was to keep all that paperwork. Without it, there is no doubt the woman would have been believed.

It was Judge Joe Brown, or one of those.
 














 I was put on Paxil 10mg at age 11. I felt better until about 19, I guess. I went to the doctor every 6 months for a med check. The doc always asked if it was still working, and I said yes until I was about 21 even though I had been feeling steadily worse for 2 years. I'm not sure why I waited so long to say anything, but I don't really like to talk about wishing I was dead to people, even people who are there to help. I just said it felt like it was slowing down, so I was moved to 30mg, then 40. I was taking that for a year and it really didn't feel any difference, but I didn't say anything and was on 40 for about a year. Then in October I found out I was pregnant, and since Paxil has a bad birth defect risk I was weaned off it and onto Buspar. I ended up miscarrying at about 6 weeks, but I'm still on the Buspar. Now ever since around the new year I've been feeling pretty crappy. I live out in the middle of nowhere (and continuing my lengthy job quest), and it takes a tank of gas to go anywhere, so I've really been unable to leave the house, which I'm sure isn't helping matters any. I'm wondering if the Buspar simply isn't as good as Paxil, or if it wouldn't matter in the first place since Paxil was losing its effectiveness. I know it's pretty stupid to not share much with the doctor besides, "Eh, I need more" but it takes so much energy, mostly emotional, to voice it to anyone. That's probably why I wouldn't get too far with a therapist either. It's not that I'm too private, it just takes so much out of me to discuss it. 

This was mostly a rant, but I'd gladly hear from others who feel the same. 




 My entire childhood I remember my mom yelling at my dad for going right from the shower to the bed without drying off at all, and my boyfriend only dries his face off. Then he pulls on his clothes while still soaking wet. I cannot stand getting dressed if I am the least bit wet from the bath. And isn't getting your clothes on difficult if they keep sticking to you? Someone explain this to me. 




 I especially want to hear from males, since it seems fairly common in females. 




 http://babel.crackerboxpalace.com/pythons/G-yhellothar.jpg

Anyone see Monty Python's Life of Brian? For the scene where Graham Chapman opens the window naked, the director Terry Jones said, "We can tell you aren't Jewish mate," and they applied a rubber band to imitate the look. Not a very good job, IMO! Anyway, yep, nice foreskin. 




 As I'm nearly impossible to get to orgasm, I usually just go until I get tired. By then I'm too exhausted to do anything but lay there. 




 Females: Does you labia hang low or are they small?

Males: Does your foreskin hang past the glans? (Circumcised men N/A, obviously)

Females: Can you orgasm with vaginal stimulation only?

Males: How long does it take from the moment of climax for your erection to totally go away?  




 When I was about 10, my parents rented a room with one of those doors that lead into the next room if you unlock both doors. All night someone knocked on the other side. Both my parents were too freaked out to aggressively pound back on the door, and they were too nervous to even walk to the office and complain. I don't remember being that scared, but maybe there was more going on than what I can remember.

Whoever it was, they were dedicated. They knocked softly on that door for hours. 




 Everyone posts the tl;dr version of their story, and the ones with the most upvotes must tell the whole version. 




 I ate some sausage for breakfast, maybe it was undercooked. 




 I'm 22, and have no idea what I want to do in life. I was in nursing school but I realized although the pay would be good, I'd absolutely hate every second of it, and honestly, I'm squeamish. But I have always loved history. I was disappointed in my high school history classes because they were so very basic. My dad has a history degree, but he's never done anything with it, he delivers packages, but I've liked reading through his old school books over the years. If I invested a lot of time and money in this degree, could I do anything with it? I know you can teach, work in a museum, etc, but is it the same as other non-scientific degrees? Tons of people wanting 2 openings and the rest having to move on to something else? I know the classes would be wonderful education wise, but I really can't spend thousands of dollars on something that won't lead to a career. Thanks for your input! 




 Not sure how I would prove this, so I'll just include some curious details. My doctor doesn't know why this is happening. I've tried fiber. I'm anemic so I'm on iron tables. Iron tablets can cause constipation, so this is weird as well. I even had doctors notes for my teachers telling them to let me spend as much time in the bathroom as I might need. The "attacks" come on quite quickly and I can be in the bathroom from 10 minutes to half an hour. I might have a solid bowel movement once out of every 5 times I go to the bathroom. The rest is pure liquid. The doc suspected IBS, but nothing I was given worked to help it. It's made trying to work quite a challenge. 









 As the only loser that still plays Sims 1, sometimes I run into old Sim sites that have turned into a page selling insurance. 




 I never understood how a chemical imbalance in your brain could make you feel worthless or hopeless. I know evolution plays a part as well, what is that about? 




 The true answer is that the economy is crap and no one will hire me. It's difficult enough getting a damn interview. But I can't say that, what do I say instead? 









 I just ordered my Diva cup. I know it takes a bit of learning to properly use it, but do you have any tips? I also know I have to be careful what soap I use and how I should boil it after each period. How long should this cup last? Anything else? 




 [Monty Python's Graham Chapman(R) and his boyfriend, David Sherlock(L).]
(http://pythonline.com/sites/pythonline.mashcast.com/files/imagecache/full_media/P4010142_0.JPG)


[Here is Graham during the filming of The Holy Grail. Beside him is his adopted son, John. John was a runaway. Yes, an openly gay man was able to adopt a young boy in the 70s. Isn't that awesome?]
(http://pythonline.com/sites/pythonline.mashcast.com/files/imagecache/full_media/P4010132.JPG)


[Harvey Milk and his boyfriend, Scott Smith.]
(http://www.amoeba.com/dynamic-images/blog/Sarah/harvey-scott.jpg)


[Not a big fan of Lindsay Lohan, but she and her girlfriend, Samantha are pretty cute]
(http://www.firstclassfashionista.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/02/Lindsay-Lohan-Samantha-Ronson-Back-Together.jpg) 




 I've whispered to myself for years. It's usually the last few words of a sentence I've just said. For instance, I might tell my dad about something that happened during the day. Let's say my story ended with,"So then, he finally left!" For about thirty seconds, I'll whisper under my breath, "He finally left, he finally left," until something else catches my attention or someone brings up that I'm whispering to myself again. Sometimes if I think of something in my head, like, "Oh yeah, I have to feed the dog," I'll whisper, "Feed the dog, feed the dog," over and over without even realizing it. But sometimes, I will whisper things that I haven't even thought of. This morning, I was sitting while putting my shoes on and thinking about a movie I wanted to watch. My sister says, "You know, that's creepy." "What's creepy?" "You whispering over and over again that dad told you to let the dog out." The scary thing? Dad had said no such thing to me. He was still in bed. I wasn't even thinking of the dog. What's even more concerning is that it's happening more frequently. I'll whisper things no one said; things I'm not even thinking about.
Maybe soon it'll be on the news that I've killed my family with a steak knife while maniacally repeating the lyrics to a song. 




 This isn't homework or anything, I'm just curious. I love history and all the explanations I can find are too wordy.  




 One of my aunt's friends. She says using a lot of water is wasteful, so she only showers once a week, and even then, she doesn't use any soap. She doesn't brush her teeth and only washes her clothes in water(after several wears). Anyway, she was telling us toilet paper is bad for the environment. She said she didn't use it unless she had diarrhea. She also never flushes the toilet unless there is poop. 




 [Broadway stars Idina Menzel and Taye Diggs]
(http://ballerwives.com/2011/10/05/taye-diggs-%E2%80%9Cmy-mother-said-she-always-knew-i-was-going-to-marry-a-white-girl-video/)
I always felt like Idina would be crazy in bed.
[Monty Python's Graham Chapman and his boyfriend, David Sherlock.]
(http://www.tumblr.com/photo/1280/2636553137/1/tumblr_lenmirEgZw1qarbga)
Actually, I don't think David was all that attractive, but Graham was. I'd love to see his screwing anyone! 




 I'm only curious, since it's well known they're very bad for the vagina. 




 Remember, I'm 5, and have no idea why I should have an opinion on this, and why politicians do. 

Also, when did the current calender we use come into use, year-wise? I know they didn't say, "Okay, Jesus is here, this is year one." Obviously that came later.  




 I understand you might cry if you need to get something out of your eye, but what purpose does crying when you're hurt or because you're sad serve?

Oh, I don't mean why do people cry, I mean why is that a response that's possible? 









 Just want to state that I'm one of the few women who supports this. 



























































 Underwear means panties, bras, and socks in this case. 

I only wear underwear for one day. Every so often I change them twice a day. Bras usually once a day, but never more than twice. Socks get changed every day.

I wash them either when I run out of clothes or the laundry basket gets full.

Taken from Askmen. I was a little shocked to discover how some of the men admitted to wearing their underwear a few days in a row... 









 So, in class we recently read Medea. For those who don''t know it, here's a quick summary: Jason leaves his wife, Medea for the chance to marry a princess. He owes all his success to her (Years ago, Jason had to get a Golden Fleece to prove himself to a king, and Medea basically did all the work for him) so she felt very betrayed. She spends the entire play wondering how to take her revenge, and decides she will kill both their children solely to hurt Jason, and leave the city to escape. 

The professor asked who we felt was responsible for the death of the children, Jason or Medea. I thought it was obviously Medea. Jason was an asshole, but Medea is the one who purposefully killed her kids to get back at him. To my surprise, a good number of my classmates (all female) answered that Jason was responsible for driving Medea to the edge. If he hadn't treated her so poorly she wouldn't have been in the position to feel she needed to murder her children for revenge. 

I just sat there in awe. I couldn't believe a class of adult women weren't blaming the person who took the knife and physically murdered her children. No, it was the fault of Jason for pissing her off. A few choice quotes I remember...

"Jason obviously wasn't respecting Medea and she felt she had to act out to prove herself."

"If Jason hadn't left her none of this would have happened. He's just as responsible for the deaths of his children as his wife."

"Maybe Medea is the murderer, but Jason as good as killed his children when he left his wife."

Next the teacher asked us if we felt Medea was evil. The female students mostly agreed she wasn't evil, she was just hurt. Jason is the true evil one for driving her to such extreme actions. 

A few male students did say they felt Medea was more responsible, but Jason did have some of the blame. A few other female students didn't say anything, so I am hoping they were too stunned to speak, as I was.

It's true that in the ancient Greek world women had very few rights, but Medea's actions are all on her. I wonder what response I would gotten if I had turned the tables and said, "I bet Jason only left because she sounds like a crazy bitch." 














 Before I start my story, I have to explain something. I've never been afraid of dolls. I was allowed to watch Chucky movies when I was little, and I'd go to bed in a room full of dolls without the slightest bit of fear. I've also had some really creepy dolls growing up and they never caused me any discomfort. 

My mom bought this doll at a flea market around 2009 for me. She said the lady she bought it from let it go for a measly $10. This was $90 less than she was asking for, and apparently she didn't take a lot haggling to agree. 

That night I put the doll in a corner and went to bed. Right away something was off. I didn't like the fact that the doll was looking right at me. As I said, I love dolls and I have literally dozens of them facing me all around my room. But for some reason, this one was unsettling. Finally I fell asleep.  I dreamed that she appeared beside my bed. She didn't move or say anything, but it was a very unpleasant dream. Of course when I woke up she hadn't moved from where I placed her the night before. 

Later that year I moved out of my parents' house and took the doll with me (I took most of my dolls with me). You're probably wondering why I didn't leave the one giving me the willies behind. It was because I thought I was being really silly. And I didn't want to hurt my mom's feelings. It was really a nice doll and she thought I would like it. 

Anyway, the doll was putting off the same vibes in the house I was renting with roommates. I eventually put the doll into my closet because I learned she didn't have to be staring at me to make me uncomfortable; she only had to be in the room. It didn't help. I imaged the closet door slowly creeping open at night while I slept. 

The roommate situation didn't work out (nothing to do with the doll though) so I moved back in with my parents. By this time I was used to being creeped out as I slept so I just put the doll in the corner there she stayed for a few years. 

Only it got a little worse. I began hearing voices whispering in my room. I could never make out what was being said, but it would always happen when I was trying to go to bed. I kept having that same dream where I would look over to the side of my bed and there she would be, staring at me. This kept up until 2013, when I moved in with my boyfriend. 

My boyfriend *hates* dolls and flat out forbade me to bring any into his house. He calls them creepy demon portals. So I left them all with my parents. I didn't have the dream anymore and I didn't think of the doll again until this summer, 2014. My boyfriend had to leave the state because of a family crisis for awhile, so I moved back in with my parents. 

When I entered my room, I didn't notice anything funny. I didn't really notice any of the dozens of dolls around my room. I just laid down and went to sleep. For the first time in forever, I had the dream again. This time I heard the whispering in the dream, which I never had before. It always occurred as I was going to sleep, but I didn't hear it once I had drifted off.

When I woke up I noticed the doll was gone. Very concerned, I asked my mother what the deal was. She said my grandma had stayed over and slept in my room, but was so creeped out about the doll, she asked my mom to move it into another room. So the doll was now in my sister's vacant bedroom. (My sister was living elsewear.) 

This part really freaked me out. I always thought maybe the voices and the dream were products of suggestion. The doll was creepy, so thinking of her created voices in my imagination and some bad dreams. But why would that happen when I hadn't even noticed the doll was missing? I hadn't been thinking of her at all when I went to sleep. Another big red flag is that my grandma was creeped out by it too. I've collected dolls since I was little, and my grandma had never before had an issue with any of the dolls in my room. Just the Native American doll. 

Here's a picture of the doll:

http://i.imgur.com/5cP0eAj.png

I tried to do some research on it, like if it was mass producted and if anyone else found them creepy. I can't find anything at all. 

One last thing I should add: I never named the doll. I always name my dolls. It's just that I've been a little put off by this one, so I never bothered to name her. My boyfriend joked that she's probably just annoyed I didn't give her a name.  









 Having just watched the movie, I was going through imdb's forum page for it, and came across this:

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0067093/board/thread/112869960

Basically, since Fiddler has more 1 ratings than other musicals like Oklahoma and West Side Story, it's because antisemitics gave it a 1.

It just reminded me of Tumblrites claiming anyone who didn't like 12 Years a Slave was racist. Nope, there is no other reason to dislike a movie than that.

For the record, I loved Fiddler, but still. Fucking stupid. 




 My cat is 17/18 years old, and she was declawed about 15 years ago. (Not my fault. I was 10, so I didn't make the decision myself). She's been driving me insane from her avoidance of the litter box. I had to completely replace my living room carpet and replace it with hard wood so it would be easier to clean. Even my vet couldn't give me much advice besides trying different litter.

I recently learned declawing can cause cats to do this. It certainly fits with the time frame. All of this began shortly after her declawing, although she used the litter box more than she didn't. Now, she almost never uses it. Now that I know the cause, is there anything I can do to make it better for her? 

The vet said sometimes people put their pets down for their litter box issues, but that's out of the question. I won't put my pets down for anything besides serious illness. 





























 Yes, I am using the Nattlebane. I stand in front of the roots and slash at them, but nothing happens. Any ideas? 




 At first I thought it was because he was the son of a lord, but that can't be because all recruits of the Night's Watch leave their pasts behind and begin on equal footing.  














 If the things didn't sell, stores wouldn't carry them. 

I'm sure everyone has heard about how bad they are for your vagina, so what's your reason? 




 I'm in Ohio, if that matters. 



















 I'm sure you've seen it on TV. These women carry babies to term (or nearly to term) without showing signs of pregnancy. No missed periods, no weight gain, and no belly. 

I have to say what shocks me the most is how fast these women start worrying about the baby that just fell out of them without warning. I can understand if they love the child later, but how do they jump right from worrying about themselves to worrying about a baby they just learned existed? 

If it were me, I'm not saying I flat out wouldn't care if the baby died, but I would be far more certain about my own health. After I was stable, I might ask, "Oh, and how did the baby turn out? Is it okay?" But in this show they begin showing concern almost right away. The psychology intrigues me.  




 Anyone remember these?

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eyewitness_%28TV_series%29

I remember watching these in elementary school. I loved them! I'm 25 now, and I admit to watching them still. Many of them are on Youtube, and I even bought a few of them in VHS form from the library when they were selling everything that wasn't a DVD. I've also picked up a few from Goodwill. 

My favorites are Monster and Weather. 




 I'm 25 and female, if that matters. 

I have very weak enamel, so I buy those bubblegum fluoride rinse bottles and swish it around in my mouth after brushing twice a day. Does this help or is it a waste of money? Thanks. 




 We have the unpopular opinions threads, let's do the opposite! 









 Please note that I only mean vet services such as emergency surgery and other things like that, not routine services like vaccines, neutering, etc.

I would agree that you should only adopt a pet if you can afford to feed it quality food, take it to the vet for routine procedures, spend time with it, etc. All of this can affect the quality of life for a pet greatly.

But for shelter animals, millions of them die a year. A much smaller number will ever need surgery or medical attention beyond what's routine. I just feel like it's better for those animals to spend their lives with a good owner and be put down if it gets cancer than to spend their short lives in a shelter because the owners who might have adopted them decided not to, because they knew they couldn't afford hundreds or thousands in emergency vet care.

In an ideal world, I'd agree that you should only adopt a pet if you have thousands to spend on it in emergency care. But as it is, many adoptable animals are dying in shelters anyway. May as well give them a chance until they get a chronic or expensive disease.

Am I making sense? I did have a late night last night, so if I need to clear anything up, I will. 



















 I seem to remember Hermione's parents being in Diagon Alley in one of the earlier books. Is that something my brain made up, or does anyone else remember it?

Also, what if a Muggle born student had been in the Triwizard Tournament? Would their entire family be unable to come watch? 




 I've been playing this game for going on 15 years, and of the possible random events and diseases to get, I have never seen any of the following...

-Alkali sickness in an animal (only death)

-Beriberi

-Consumption

-Gangrene (I even left injuries untreated to see if I could get it)

-Lockjaw

-Malaria

-Rabies

-Water poisoning

Anyone have any info, or anything else to discuss? 














 Admittedly, this was a several years ago, but I'm now looking at it in a new context.

I was 20 years old taking some technical classes with other adults. One day we were learning PowerPoint, so the teacher had us make a slideshow on whatever we wanted. Now, you know how most classes start out with an introduction session? Tell everyone your name, age, why you're there, how your family is, etc. Well, a good 3/4 of the class had kids. I noticed when we were watching the presentations at the end of class that virtually all the parents had made slideshows on their kids. It struck me as odd that not a single one of them did a show on any outside interest besides their kids. Now, I'm not saying my show was great; I did mine on the last imperial family of Russia, which I'm sure bored everyone to tears, but at least I had a hobby as a history lover to do a project on. 

I mentioned this to my mom when I got home that day in amusement, and she said, "Well, they probably didn't have anything else to make a project about. Think about it. Since they're in a technical school trying to get skills they've probably been working crappy jobs and trying to raise children. They likely spend most of their time working and parenting. Not a lot of time for outside interests there."

That just hit me as being so sad. Now, I'm not saying every single one of those parents had nothing else to do a project on. I'm sure a few of them were like, "I'm doing a project on my son, he's hilarious, this'll be awesome! And more interesting than doing it on my stamp collection!" but I'm willing to bet a great many of them had nothing else. 




 I had to buy new supplies for her since my parents need those for their cats, but I am taking one of her mouse toys, so at least that will be familiar to her. Anything else? 
























 It's been brought to my attention that sometimes I will utter something under my breath, but when someone mentions it, I can never remember what I was saying. My boyfriend said I also use a very strange voice when I do so. The best way he can describe it is a horror movie whisper. 

Might be relevant: I was diagnosed with severe depression when I was very young - around 10 years old. I was on Paxil for 13 years, and am currently on Effexor. 

Anyone have any insight? 




 I've noticed this in many threads lately. 

Person: I think pedophilia is probably just an orientation like heterosexuality or homosexuality. They didn't choose it and it isn't unnatural.

SRS: Shitlord! You think it's perfectly okay to rape kids! You think "child" is a gender!

Person: No, I didn't say it wasn't morally wrong or shouldn't be illegal, I just said that it's another natural orientation that pops up. That doesn't mean it should be acceptable in society, though, no one is saying that. Feelings are different from actions.

SRS: Benned! God, what is it with Reddit and being tolerant of child rape? 














 These are all paraphrased:

(How do you feel about the fact that your son, since he was born in the 80s, probably received no anesthesia at all?) "If I didn't see it, I don't care. He was fine when he was brought back to me."

(You don't own him or his penis.) "I beg to differ. Until he's 18, his penis belongs to me."

"I'm sure it hurt, but I bet it was nothing compared to how giving birth to him felt, so he shouldn't complain."

"Circumcise them all! It's what men deserve for the amount of raping they do." To be fair, this might have been a troll. There wasn't a single person, even pro-circ people, who didn't jump on them for this one.

And the worst one, IMO, just from the ickiness:

"I had my son circumcised because it just looks better." (Isn't it creepy that you care how attractive your son's penis is?) "Maybe, but I just want him to be sexy. Sex is important to women." 




 I know these threads are common, but each one offers hours of entertainment! 









 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQ-9zcThs0I

Last I heard this was being expanded into a full movie, but I've never heard anything else about it.  




 Walter Mitty Syndrome is when you daydream about yourself being in another life as much as or even more than you pay attention to your real life. The name comes from a short story where the main character thinks up exciting scenarios for himself in his head when he's bored. I don't think it's a formal diagnosis, but it's a symptom of narcissistic personality disorder, and it's something some depressed people tend to do also.

I just recently realized I've done this for as long as I can remember. Even as a child I would daydream about a life where I was happy. I'm almost 25, and I swear I do it more and more as time passes. In my current fantasy I am happily married with children and money isn't an issue. I get to travel anywhere I want and live however I want. It's scary sometimes how often I find myself in my fantasy. Sometimes I don't even know I'm doing it, it's like it happens on its own. Much of the time I wish I could just slip out of myself and into the fantasy forever. 




 My boyfriend regularly brushes with mouthwash as if it were toothpaste. Does it clean about the same, or is it a bad idea?  




 I want to have a study/source on hand about men circumcised in adulthood and say sensitivity is lessened. The more scientific, the better. Anyone have anything? 









 This happens after exposure to semen specifically however I have not really experimented enough to determine that this is the cause.  The core of my body just involuntarily tenses up and twitches repeatedly for at least 30 seconds.

What is this? 



















 I go to Windhelm, and I can't find Ulfric. I've tried waiting until pretty much any hour of the day but he won't appear. 

Also, Galmar Stone-Fist won't talk to me. He just tells me I don't belong there. Am I missing something? 




 http://www.nashp.org/sites/default/files/Adult%20Dental%20Monitor.pdf

This site seems to say Ohio offers some dental services through Medicaid, but I have to idea how to go about doing that. Ohio's Medicaid site lets you apply for medical, but says nothing about dental. Can anyone give me a lead?

Oh, and I'm sorry if this is the wrong place for this, I just didn't know where else to go to ask. 



















 Both college and work tend to make me even more depressed, since I'm going to college full time, and I also have to work. I feel like I have no time for myself, and I'm so miserable that there's hardly any point to being alive because I am getting no enjoyment out of anything. Right now since it's the holidays I have some free time, but it's just going to start up again next month. Anyone else who hates working and college have any tips? 




 People under 18 are legally considered children, and therefor cannot vote (except in one city in Maryland that has a 16 voting age for local elections), drink, drive in some places, smoke, or sign contracts, etc. Even if an individual proves mature, they still are not given any rights until they turn 18. 

So why are teenagers considered mature enough to be treated as adults when they commit a crime? The undeveloped brain is used to deny them privileges adults have, so why doesn't the undeveloped brain argument keep them from facing adult consequences?  









 I only know a small number of them since I am a newish player, but the "To Kill an Empire" quest along with the ones preceding and following it had a lot of twists and turns and was pretty entertaining.  




 He died and I want another one. 

I don't have any expansions, just Skyrim. 




 I was on r/morbidreality, and there was a video of a soldier stepping on a landmine and losing both his legs and an arm. In the comments, people were talking about how for many soldiers, after stepping on a landmine the first thing they want to know is whether their genitals are okay. Their limbs come second. A few other men commented and said they'd rather lose their legs than their genitals. 

As a woman, I would rather lose all my sex organs than my limbs. This includes vagina, clitoris, uterus, everything. Am I just an exception or do most women agree? 




 Let me just explain my feelings. I know I only feel like I want to die because of my depression. I know if I was mentally healthy I probably wouldn't feel this way, but that doesn't change the fact that I am completely miserable and this probably won't change.

I've had depression ever since I was 9 years old at least, and was put on Paxil at age 10-11, and am now 24 years old. It takes the edge off and I've had some happy moments but overall, living is exhausting and I've yet to see how it's worth experiencing. 

Right now I'm in college for history. I know job prospects in that area are pretty much nil, but it's one of the few things I enjoy. Despite liking history, I hate college. I'm doing it because without it I'll likely be working fast food the rest of my life (which might happen anyway). Despite loving history, I hate going to college. It just makes me more depressed and exhausted. Throw in having to work at the same time, and I'm failing to see the point in my continued existence. I have to do something I hate for years in order to try to secure a better future that I don't think will be worth living anyway? 

I guess my point is that when I mention this, people just say, "Well, you only feel that way because you have depression." Yeah, that's probably true. But so what? If I decide to live my life and die a miserable old woman, at the end of the day, I was completely miserable my whole life. Does it really make a difference that I was miserable because of a mental illness? I don't think so. 

Please understand, I'm not typing this on the edge of a 5 story building about to throw myself off. I intend to finish college since I've already worked so hard at it. I just think it's unfair to say someone is "only" feeling suicidal because of a mental illness. Those feelings are still very real and I don't see the point of a continued existence if that person is through being miserable and wants to die, even if it is caused by mental illness.

One final argument: Yes, mental illness can be treated, but not often cured. Even if it's being treated, it's still there and still having an affect.  




 I have a cat named Lydia who's about 15-17 years old. Besides being a bit skinny (she always has been) she's been in good health and acts the same as she always has. It's that she's getting so old I know it's coming.

Lately I've been very anxious about finding her dead, or coming home from college on the weekends to learn she's died. I even freeze up a little when I see my mother has called or texted. I know no one ever knows how long their loved ones will be around. She could die tomorrow or she could be around another few years; there is no way of knowing. 

I am only 24 years old, so Lydia has been part of most of my life. When she goes, I honestly don't know if I could go on. The silly part is worrying about it before she's even sick or showing signs of illness. She seems as healthy as ever, but I'm still twisting myself into an anxious meltdown. Anyone else in a situation even remotely close to this? 




 I can't seem to understand it. 




 I'm of the opinion that if you had lots of money, parenthood could be enjoyable. You'd only have to be there for the good parts. Don't want to get up in the night? Hire a nanny. Don't feel like cleaning poop off the wall? Nanny. Kid being a bastard? Call the nanny to take him away.

I'd be open to having kids if I could have a nanny. That way, I only have to see the kid when I want to. 




 Is it 40/1 divided by 8/5, or 40/8 divided by 5/1?

http://imgur.com/a9SHDZz 





























 He's pink, I'm brown.

http://i43.tinypic.com/5oflgp.jpg

http://i40.tinypic.com/rlkxfs.jpg

http://i41.tinypic.com/2ryh575.jpg

(Beginning here I accidentally switched the colors. He's brown, I'm pink)

http://i39.tinypic.com/24y0ql4.jpg

He then said, "If you want socialist medicine, get out of this country." I mentioned the USA already had some socialism with the roads, police, schools, libraries, etc. His response? That's not socialism, since not everyone pays in. The best part is when he agreed with the distinction of socialism and communism I put up, but it was still wrong somehow. And of course, how Sweden no longer has socialized healthcare.

What's even better is that another person who claimed to be pro-life chimed, and was okay with people with pre-existing conditions not getting healthcare because it'll drive up HIS costs. I guess it's true what they say. Pro-life until birth. After that, screw you.

I only got half the conversation because I copied it for my friend to laugh at, but decided you guys might appreciate it. 




 A few weeks ago I had a colposcopy. If you don't know what they is, they take a chunk out of your cervix with this bastard: http://www.wemed1.com/catalog/ob-tis.jpg

Predictably, it hurt like hell. They don't numb the area at all, they just take a chunk out. This is to test for cancer cells after an abnormal pap smear. After this was done I felt like I had to vomit and actually dry heaved a little. I had never felt my stomach react to pain like this before. I got very pale and the doctor made me lie down for awhile. As I was expecting, a few days later they said I needed some of my cervix removed using LEEP. http://www.webmd.com/cancer/cervical-cancer/loop-electrosurgical-excision-procedure-leep-for-abnormal-cervical-cell-changes

They basically take a hot wire and slice through your cervix with it. After the terrible colposcopy I was understandably worried about the pain. The doc said, "Oh, don't worry, we use a local anesthetic. Now, even though part of your cervix is gone, you'll still be able to have children. Preterm labor might be an issue, but-" 

I interrupted, "I know you use an anesthetic, but I have a pretty bad anxiety disorder, and after the miserable experience with the colposcopy, I am a nervous wreck knowing this is coming up. I'm even nervous about the anesthetic injection. Can you sedate me somehow?" 

She answered, "We can get you a Valium. Luckily, you don't need all your cervix for pregnancy and childbirth, so removing some of it won't hurt too much in that category."

I wanted to talk about the second colposcopy that you need a couple months after LEEP to check up on everything, and whether that would be more or less painful since the cervix has already gone through some trauma. She gave short answers on that, but kept going on about how pregnancy and childbirth would still be possible.

Here's what annoyed me: Couldn't she see I was way more interested in the level of pain I had to expect, and how I needed some sort of sedation, even mild to calm me down during? I wasn't asking questions at all about pregnancy or birth, but that's what she kept going back to. I understand that might be what most women want to know, and that's fine, the doctor should discuss that with them, but that isn't what I needed info about. 

The kicker is that I am not even fully childfree. I am open to having a kid someday (just one), but the pain and anxiety facing me was much more immediate and real than childbirth complications. 









 I can't decide between these:

1) The feeling of dread simply living can give you. Remember that feeling in your stomach you'd get as a kid when you know tomorrow you'd have to go to the doctor and get a shot? Sometimes I get that feeling just knowing I have things to do the next day.

2) Rumination. Living through a bad experience once is quite enough, I don't need to think about it years after the fact.

3) Maybe this is more anxiety, but I can't handle things. Something that would only give most people mere annoyance for a couple days will turn me into a hyperventilating mess. Inconveniencing others will make me feel so guilty I'm sorry I exist. 









 I knew already he was pro-circ, but I still considered myself a fan because I think he's funny and I agree with him on a lot of things, especially religion and politics.

But on his show tonight, Real Time With Bill Maher, he interviewed Billy Crystal and the topic of circumcision came up. Bill said things like, "Aren't you glad you're circumcised? Foreskins are so ugly, they ruin porn." 

I am honestly not sure if I can continue being a fan or not. I've sent him a polite Twitter explaining that he should educate himself on the matter, but I am not naive, I know he isn't likely to read it. I just hope enough of his fans can write and maybe he'll take notice. He prides himself on being pro-science, maybe he'll change his mind with evidence. But I sort of doubt it. He's kind of an ass, I acknowledged he was an ass when I was a big fan. Then again, he does say the USA should be more like Scandinavia, and Scandinavia is having a lot of pushes to ban RIC. He could notice.

Anyway, if you're a fan, write him. 




 My boyfriend mentioned this happening twice in his life (that he's noticed) during an especially big BM. Is this kind of thing common? 




 I know this is a common question, but there's always so popular and I love reading new ones! 









 A store near my house has a donation box for clothes and shoes type things for the Special Olympics. I threw a bag of clothes into the back of my car and drove over there. After I tossed the clothes in a saw a blanket sort of wadded up in my trunk and decided to throw that in too.

After I got home mom informed me she laid that blanket out in the back of my car to transport a goat to the fair. Afterwards she wadded it up and threw it in the trunk to deal with later.

I hope they don't think someone did that on purpose to be an asshole. 




 * I'm sure we've all seen it on shows like America's Funniest Home Videos. Someone videotapes their kid attempting to pour milk or juice into a cup on the floor and they end up dumping it everywhere. I've never found it funny in the slightest. If you've grown up poor you know how expensive milk and juice can be. Not to mention having to clean that up, but it's mostly the expense that bothers me. I've always been annoyed by people who waste expensive things like that. 




 He supposedly had an extra face on the back of his head, which could neither eat nor speak, although it could laugh and cry. Edward begged doctors to have his "demon face" removed, because, supposedly, it whispered demonic words to him at night, but no doctor would attempt it. He committed suicide when he was 23.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edward_Mordake

Apparently there is no real record of this guy existing, but I wonder if JK Rowling got her idea from this. 




 I'm not in a situation, just curious. 









 In 2009-2010 I tried going to school to become a nurse aide/patient care technician/phlebotomist. I've never really had an interest in any of that but I was being pressured into going to school. It was a disaster. I was successful at becoming a nurse aide, but I hated every part of it. The rest? It was miserable. I felt like no matter how hard I studied I couldn't grasp it and forget actually sticking people with needles. I could do it when my aunt (a nurse) showed me, but in front of the teachers? One issue was that I knew one teacher had no confidence in me, so that made it worse. Well, I dropped out because I was failing anyway. But that's not what's bothered me for 3 years. Yeah, I failed college, but a lot of people do that. The hard part was that I just wasted thousands of dollars of my parents' money. They might think I'm ungrateful, but I spent 3 years being unable to look at my books because I felt so guilty, and they made me feel so unintelligent. They sat under my bed but even knowing they were there bothered me.

Well, I threw away my workbooks and the textbooks I have in my car to take to Goodwill tomorrow. I doubt they'd be assigned now, but they'd make good reference books for someone. The fact that I basically threw thousands of my parents dollars out of the window will always bother me, but at least I feel like I can move on now, especially since I'm attempting college again this fall, and this time, it's something I actually have some interest in. And I'm paying for it. Even if I fail again, at least the financial burden will be on me.
 









 http://24.media.tumblr.com/a530f210b1949b342d7d560bd6c5aa14/tumblr_mrjg5yKTiE1ryeto5o1_500.png

That's the best part. 




 -You know you get your money's worth at a buffet.

-You stay warm in the winter.

-You're more difficult to kidnap.

-You get to take disability carts from people who are actually disabled. (I saw this happen once)

 




 First, please understand that I started out on the "Zimmerman is guilty" bandwagon, but now I don't think I'll ever have enough knowledge of what happened to have an opinion on whether or not GZ should be in jail. But even when I was 100% on TM's side, I thought calling him a child was a stretch. Yes, I understand that he was legally a child, but he was physically an adult and a match for GZ. I feel like people who say GZ "killed a child" only want to make it sound like he allegedly stalked and shot a 10-year-old. 









 http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/1jtfzx/usharou_explains_why_a_mens_rights_movement_is/

Someone types up a few paragraphs about where they think sexism came from and why MRAs aren't necessarily opposed to feminism. Okay, you can read that and agree or disagree, but the SJA I found in the replies is entertaining. The name is putitintheface...

-Someone says MRAs aren't worth it and neither is the quote. Okay, fine. But then we have...

No it didn't. It's a load of biotruths bullshit that ignores reality in favor of painting a picture that reflects ridiculous beliefs.

Biotruths! I knew this would be fun right away. How dare you say men and women are biologically different! I wish these SJAs would understand what a biotruth really is. A biotruth is this: Women were mostly mothers in the past, and they're made to give birth, so all women should be mothers now because that's all they're designed for! 

Know what isn't a biotruth? Explaining how sexism came to force women to be homemakers because that's what women generally did, so society figured it worked and didn't let women do much else.

Then this:

I've been involved in this debate long enough to know that it's bullshit. It's not my job to educate every frothing moron who stumbles onto the internet.

Not my job to educate you, shitlord! I don't come to the internet to discuss things!

Then someone said this:

So you can't defend your position? Noted.

The SJA response?

I don't need to; my position is like a fucking bunker. It's fortified. There are tanks all around it. At the center, buried deep, there is reality, preciously providing all the information necessary, being examined and re-examined by clever people to make sense of it.

"I don't have to defend my position because I'm right! Stop making me debate, I don't like it!"

It was awesome. 









 So you don't get the "exceeds daily budget" crap? 




 I've shown goats at the county fair for several years now, and I always bring the babies that will go on sale in a few weeks to see if I can draw some early interest. 

The first year I didn't have any babies to sell, but I saw parents picking up the kids (meaning baby goats) of other stalls and actually letting their children hold them. What would make someone think it's okay to pick up an animal that's not yours out of a stall and let your child that is way too young to hold a kicking baby goat handle them? I even saw many kids **drop** the goats. Luckily I didn't see any injuries but goats lets are fragile and can break easily within the first few months. 

The second year I put up a sign. It was my first year having babies there and knew what to expect. The sign said: *Petting is okay, but do not pick up the goats!* Guess what? Parents completely disregarded the sign and lifted the goats right out of the stalls. 

The third year, my sign said: *Do not touch the animals!* Again, parents didn't listen. Their precious toddlers wanted to handle the babies, and that's all that mattered, I guess. 

The next year, I brought dog cages with me and put the goats into the cages, then put the cages into the stalls. I almost expected parents to open the dog cages, but they surprisingly didn't. It's ridiculous that I'd have to go that far. 

It didn't only happen in the goat barn. I saw children running behind draft horses (and a kick from one of those hooves can easily kill someone), kids pulling the tails of pigs, etc and their parents either not caring or telling them to stop only once, but not doing anything when the kid did it again. 




 I understand the game's in alpha and this could be fixed, but it really annoys me. I can tell my workers what I want done, then have to wait 10+ minutes for them to finish building. It's even worse when your prison is finished and you're just watching everyone go about their day. It can take an hour just to go through one day. I know there's a speed up option, but I could swear it doesn't make them go any faster. 
























 http://www.reddit.com/r/ShitRedditSays/comments/1hh3hs/would_i_give_a_woman_who_just_hit_me_a_good/

It's like they can't tell the difference between "I'll hit anyone back who hits me, even a woman," and "I love hitting bitches! All women deserve to be hit because I'm a man!" 




 I recently took a temporary job at a trap shooting competition. About 1/3 of the people hired are obese. It isn't easy work. There's a lot of walking between sites in the hot sun, picking up shotgun shells, moving trap sets as well as packing them up and unfolding them again, plus a lot more. It isn't unusual to have 12 hour shifts. I started getting a little irritated when I saw most of the fat people start complaining about how their legs hurt and how they had to sit down for a minute. It always left the skinny people doing most of the work while the fat people sat around the benches and talked about how hot it was and how much they hurt. 

Today I nearly reached the end of my self control when the obese girl I was working with announced her legs hurt and she had to go home. They agreed she could go home. This left me with all her work as well as my own and I snapped at her, "My legs hurt too, but I'm not going home." 

She shrugged and said, "You're skinny though. It isn't as hard for you to walk around in the hot sun and move around on sore legs."

I retorted, "Well, if it's really hard for you to work because of your size, maybe you shouldn't take a job where you have to get up off your ass once in awhile."

She teared up and left. I feel a bit bad, but damn it, I'm not being paid extra to do the work of two people. 




 I've seen it. I'm sure you have too. Among all the celebrating good fathers, there's the few people or posters who want to ruin it with things like: This is fathers day! All you deadbeats out there better hop to it!

Do we see this sort of thing on mother's day? Do we draw attention to women who abandon their kids? No. We thank the mother figures in our lives for all they do. The father figures do just as much and don't deserve to have their day used in this way.  














 http://www.tumblr.com/blog/feminismisaboutwomen

It could be satire or a poe, but either way it's hilarious. 




 My boyfriend's house has been having plumbing problems. The toilets tend to back up and won't flush. The water does go down within a few hours, so I got my boyfriend's okay to use the toilet. He said as long as there was just one flush it should go down.

So I go in there and empty my menstrual cup (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Menstrual_cup) into the toilet, like you're supposed to do. I flush. The toilet fills up with water. The blood is still in there, looking gross. I tell my bf, but he says to just shut the lid and it would go down in a couple hours. But what we didn't know is that his dad had called a plumber, who appeared less than 20 minutes later. The plumber checks all the toilets, including the one I had just used. It was still filled with water and period blood.

It was obvious whose it was, too since my bf's mom is post-menopausal. I'll never be able to look his dad in the eye again. 




 Nothing makes me stop listening to someone's political argument faster than this, maybe besides defending it with religion. Can't have gay marriage, I might have to explain to my kids what a gay person is. Can't have legal pot, someone might offer my kid a joint. 

Why do the rest of us have to stop living because some people think their kids might lose some innocence?  




 http://lybio.net/tag/garfunkel-and-oates-the-college-try-lyrics/

The lyrics are there if you don't feel like watching the video. It's about a "modern heteroflexible" woman who thinks she's bisexual until there's a vagina in her face.

 




 Two years ago I was working as a waitress. One of the other waitresses went to the bathroom, so I said I'd take the food to her tables when they came up. One tray came up, so I took it to a table with a woman and a little girl. I put their food down, and the girl said, "Thank you."

Before I could reply, the woman says, "Honey, you don't have to thank her, that's her job."

I've seen plenty of parents remind their kids to be gracious, but I'd never seen this before. I bet the kid doesn't say thank you to anyone now thanks to her mom. 




 http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/05/07/coverflip-maureen-johnson_n_3231935.html?utm_hp_ref=mostpopular

Men being afraid to read "girly looking books" is pretty stupid, yes, but some of these books would have no reason to look the opposite way. They wouldn't work. Here are just the ones I read:

Game of Thrones - This one works, actually. It's ugly, but it works.

Stardust - This one works as well.

A Clockwork Orange - Why the hell would this cover have a woman on it? I know they're pretending the revised titles were written by the opposite sex, but they don't give any indication that the story's changed. ACO is about a sociopathic man.

Carrie - A girl is viciously bullied and gets blood dumped on her at prom. Why would she be smiling and happy on the cover?

Shutter Island - Yep, a book cover with a peaceful island view is what I imagined for a mystery novel about mental patient abuse.

Lord of the Flies - This makes the least about of sense. A bunch of children stranded on an island turn into anarchy. We need a picture of hands with a smiling pig thing.
 









 In 1989 my mother worked at a pet store. She was 25 years old, and I was only months old. While my parents worked my grandparents watched me. Well, one day my mom was cleaning out cages when this middle aged man walked over to her and asked how she was. The questions started out general but got more and more personal. Mom was busy but didn't want to be rude so she just gave short and vague answers. 

Eventually the man bent down and whispered to her, "You aren't being very friendly to your customers. I know you have a baby, maybe if something happened to her you wouldn't be so standoffish to your customers."

With this, the man got up and left. The manager found my mother so shaken and upset and after he learned what happened, he insisted on calling the police. Nothing ever came of it, and mom couldn't recall having seen the man anywhere before. She never had me at the pet store at the time so he couldn't have seen me there. He also knew I was a girl, so that's an extra bit of info he knew as well. 

Mom only worked at the store a few days after that, she quit and found another because she didn't feel safe with him knowing where she worked. Apparently for quite a while after the incident, my grandpa kept his rifle within grabbing distance when baby-sitting. 




 One stereotype of a depressed person is the ability to write, draw, paint, etc with talent. Anyone else here not like that at all?

I can't draw a straight line. Paint ends up everywhere but on the easel, and I have no imagination for writing anything. Now, I can sort of write. I've kept a fictional diary for almost 8 years now. I always did okay with reports in English class and things like that. But I have no imagination in which to improve my average writing skills. While I read Harry Potter, all I can think of is, "Good lord, how did this woman think this up?"  









 We've all heard of people who won't take no for an answer when trying to get you to hold their baby, but apparently the opposite is true also. 

I was on peopleofwalmart.com (yep, don't judge) and one picture was a baby in a carriage. The carriage had a sign hanging on it that said "Please don't touch the baby." In the comments someone explained hospitals usually give signs like these to parents with preemies because their immune systems can't take a lot of fight yet. 

From the other comments I gathered it was common for people in public to come right up and touch and even *pick up* other peoples' babies without permission. I just...what? I wouldn't touch someone's baby if it fell out of the womb and rolled over to my feet. 

Just another reason to not have kids. I don't like people bothering me in public to begin with, and if one of them tried to touch a child of mine, I'd be going to jail for breaking their fingers. Having a kid doesn't mean you don't like shopping in peace.

 




 I'm a little ashamed to say animal abuse bothers me a lot more than anything that happens to people. It's not that violence against people doesn't bother me, it does, but I can't even stand to read about instances of animal abuse because I feel physically sick. Forget actual video of it. If I see a video of something happening to a person, I'm only bothered for a few minutes afterward. I saw a video of animals being skinned alive for fur coats, and I felt sick for literally a week.  
























 The father is full of shit then. 




 A child cannot have phimosis. It's normal for the foreskin to remain attached to the glans until puberty for some kids.

...non-retractability (in the absence of scarring or other abnormality) can be considered normal for males up to and including adolescence.

http://jrs.sagepub.com/content/96/9/449.long
 




 A child cannot have phimosis. It's normal for the foreskin to remain attached to the glans until puberty for some kids.

...non-retractability (in the absence of scarring or other abnormality) can be considered normal for males up to and including adolescence.

http://jrs.sagepub.com/content/96/9/449.long

 




 Can you explain why I still get ovulation pains while on birth control? 




 I support financial abortion for men because I don't believe in forcing anyone into parenthood, but sorry, as a woman I just don't believe a man should have any legal say over whether or not a woman has an abortion. It's her uterus and body being risked, not his. It's unfortunate if he wants to become a father and she aborts, but she was bearing the full weight of the pregnancy, not him. 




 ...wat 




 You saw this enforced? 




 My parents wouldn't even let us blow bubbles into our soda cups, let alone make a huge mess. 




 Even China has mandatory break laws. 




  Even if it is just an option and a woman can choose to send a baby to the nursery for the night, it is not necessarily narcissistic. Many loving mothers do this.

Of course, but that's quite a bit different from sending them away because you don't feel like dealing with them the very same day they're born. This story was coupled with her comment, "I'll be dealing with her for the next 18 years." 




 That's because more students in Sweden leave home when going to college than American students.

Swedish students pay for their costs of living themselves and American students live off their parents. 




 Tech schools would be tuition free too. 




 Being tired as hell and letting someone else take the baby while you nap isn't quite the same as saying, "Take her all night, I want to sleep and I'll have to deal with her for the next 18 years anyway." 




 Growing up, I always heard about how when I was born, after everyone had saw me and held me, my mom told the staff to put me in the nursery instead of leaving me in her room for the night because, "I want to sleep, and I'll be dealing with her for the next 18 years."

I never thought that was odd, and no one in my family acted like it was odd, until I told my boyfriend about it and he was horrified. I've told the story online a few places, and the responses were the same. 

My mother had done plenty more nmom stuff throughout the years that were more severe, but that stands out as a very early sign of how our relationship was going to be. No, no bonding time. Just put her in the nursery. 




 He was probably held under and drowned. 




 Well...that's upsetting. 




 I can find no good source for this. 




 I don't consider this to be immoral. Age of consent in most places is 16. 




 Eh. I don't find that to be that bad.
 




 Source? 




 Anastasia Romanova was a bully. She was known for biting, scratching, and hitting her cousins.

Yeah, she was a child, but still...;) 




 I only see white and gold when the picture is washed out. 




  People were dismissive of the actor playing Enjolras in the film, even though he was one of the best singers in the whole movie, just because he was too masculine-looking.

Funny, of all the actors who have ever played Enjolras I thought Aaron Tveit looked the most feminine.  




 I don't get to see the night because if I stay up late, I'll be tired for school/work the next day.

Nothing to do with fear. 




 Huh, my panic attacks cause me to hyperventilate for several minutes along with feeling like I need to tear my hair out and curl on the floor.

And it's never brought on by anger. 




 They're degrees, not vocational certificates.

The point is to make society more educated. The only goal of education isn't to get a job. 




 TIL Germany, Denmark, and Finland are communist. 




 The point is to get a more educated society, not to hand out degrees. 




 America: where things other countries do daily are considered impossible. 




 Does this mean countries like Germany, Denmark, Finland, etc are infantalized?  




 Not everyone will go. Not everyone goes to college even in countries that offer it for free. 




 Way to make sure the poor can't get an education. 




 I think you missed the word "tuition" there. 




 Holy crap, I can't believe there are still people who deny marriage is a civil right.

Really? This is the first time you've ever heard that there are people against gay marriage? 




 When Eisenhower did it in the 50s did it bring employment to a screeching halt? 




 It didn't hurt jobs too badly when Eisenhower did it in the 50s. 




 Eisenhower did it in the 50s. 




 Reddit is made up of thousands of people. 




 Eisenhower did it. 




 TIL 1950s America was Communist. 




 TIL 1950s America was Communist. 




 A Republican president did it 60 years ago. 




 Then Eisenhower was a socialist. 




 TIL Eisenhower was a socialist. 




 Eisenhower did this in the 50s. Did people leave? 




 The richest people were taxed at 90% in Eisenhower's time, and America had some of the most booming business in the world. 




 Socialism: a way of organizing a society in which major industries (meaning something that produces goods or services) are owned and controlled by the community instead of individual people and companies.

If you still have private business and private industry you cannot be living in a socialist economy.

 




 Someone else? You're as entitled to use the education you pay for as anyone else. 




 Socialism is the workers and community taking over businesses and the means of production for themselves and keeping the profits for themselves. 

Tax funded education is no different from tax funded fire departments, police, or roads. None of those are socialism. 




 Oh, so now America goes from striving to be #1 in the world to just attracting people from developing countries and calling that good enough?

Good for you, South Korea, Japan, Finland, UK, Canada, Netherlands, Denmark, Germany etc. We'll never be among your ranks in education because we're just focusing on being better than developing nations instead of being as good as we can be. 




 I've taken to downvoting anyone whose comment only consists of one word:

"Free" 




 Not saying it's perfect, just better than the USA.

And I'm still here because it costs a shit-ton of money to emigrate.  




 Tax funded college isn't socialism. 




 Is paying for K-12, firemen, and police stealing too? 




 Plenty of countries already have free or cheap college. 




 Norway and Israel both have compulsory military service for men and women. Women who can't handle combat roles do something else.

80% of military positions aren't combat anyway. 




 4.5 years 




 http://www.businessinsider.com/inequality-and-mobility-in-the-united-states-2013-7

Income inequality has made it so you're unlikely to move out of the income group you started in no matter how hard you work. If you're born in poverty, you're unlikely to move out. 




 I'm sure those 20 people praying had everything to do with terrorism... 




 Because the 20 people praying clearly had something to do with terrorism, right? 




 ISIS thinks God wants them to kill everyone who opposes them - and that includes other Muslims. 




 ISIS and Muslims follow the same god Jews and Christians do. 




 I've heard my mom say to my dad, "You're the one that wanted kids." 




 There's one of her at the beach as a toddler. 




 Honestly, any time a parent wants to refuse medical care for their child and it puts their child at risk like this, they should be ignored and the team of doctors allowed to do whatever is necessary. 




 But a friend of mine who is a psychologist said that one of her clients actually suffered traumatic flashbacks because of that scene. And it makes me so sick to my stomach to think that even if I did express this to these people, that at least one person was forced to relive one of the worst experiences of her life because DD just couldn't resist adding in another pointless rape scene, reddit still wouldn't give a shit, because lol triggers and lol only war veterans get ptsd.

And it sucks for that client. It truly does. But GOT is known for its violence and sex. It's a very adult show, as anyone who has watched 5 seasons of it would know by now. It isn't up to the writers to cater to people who have sensitivities. Chances are there is someone who would be triggered by anything violent shown. Hell, I'm sometimes triggered by "Roseanne" because Dan and Roseanne's loud fights remind me of my parents' fights, nights of hearing my dad tear the house down in anger, and crying myself to sleep as a child. But the writers had no responsibility to cater to me. If you know something it bound to have aspects that upset you, don't watch it or at least wait for a summary. Also whoever said rape victims don't get PTSD? You must be confusing that with when we make fun of people who say they got PTSD because some asshole wolf whistled at them.

Finally, how do you know this rape scene was pointless? It existed in the book, just for a different character than Sansa. And how do you know it doesn't play a part in continuing Sansa's character arc? 




 I love how they're saying Sansa being raped takes away her agency and turns her back from being a player into a pawn.

Because there's no way a strong and willful person can be raped. 




 Laxatives.

It cured my constipation but I was shitting all freaking day even after passing the problem stool. I had to call off work. 




 So the State can get them away from parents early and start programming them. Smooth.

This is a quote from someone in this section. 




 Plus, the world needs cashiers and waiters and whatnots.

And yet still doesn't want to pay them enough to live on. 




 No, there is no evidence for it happening at all. In fact, Norse and Hindu mythology have similar stories. 




 The Old Testament tells the Hebrews to kill everyone who doesn't believe in the same god as they do, but the vast majority of Jews ignore that part. 

It's the same with Muslims. The vast majority don't follow that part. There are 1.6 billion Muslims in the world, and the world would be far worse off if a huge number of them took to killing people. 




 Nicholas II, not Alexander III. And there is no evidence that he ever slept with Alexandra. 




 http://www.amazon.com/Anne-Frank-Diary-Complete-Unabridged/dp/8182522218/ref=pd_sxp_f_pt 




 I love that someone cut the hands off one of his statues. 




 The boys were probably as old as 15, though. 




 This is nothing but a founding myth. 




 You're a troll because you think violence against innocent Muslims is a reasonable response to that.

ISIS kills other Muslims who oppose them by the thousands. Not all Muslims are the enemy. 




 Well said.

Your comment deserves more than just an upvote. 




 Tagged as troll. Thanks. 




 Male fetuses don't start off female. Someone explained it pretty well earlier:

Human fetuses don't start out female. It's a common misconception that I see all over the Internet. We start out undifferentiated. There's a genital tubercle that contains the rudiments of both the male and female external genitalia, and the Wolffian and Mullerian ducts-- the internal plumbing--are both present. If the fetus has a Y-chromosome, then the SRY gene kicks of the masculinizing program: the female plumbing degenerates, the labioscrotal swelling closes up to make a ballsack, and the glans and urethral folds enlarge to make a penis.
In the absence of that signal, the male plumbing degenerates, the glans diminishes to make a clitoris, and the labioscrotal swelling remains open to make labia with a vaginal opening. The female program seems to be the "default," meaning that if something goes wrong with the masculinizing program, the genitals often resort to female development (though they can remain in sort of an intermediate intersex state). Maybe this is why so many people think that we "start out" female.
 




  Human fetuses don't start out female. It's a common misconception that I see all over the Internet. We start out undifferentiated.

*Thank you.* I get so sick of seeing this everywhere. 




 The only goal of college isn't to get a job. It's fine to have that goal, but it's for general education as well. It's beneficial to have a well educated population. 




 I'm happy to pay for this, just like I already pay for public schools, libraries, roads, fire departments, police stations, etc.

We know it's paid for by taxes. 




 A goal of college should also be general education so you have a well educated population, not just training for a job. 




 These people would probably defend those rabbis who suck the blood off of the penises of babies after circumcising them. 




 Not caring if someone is killed in front of you isn't a crime. 




 I've been in retail. 

As long as you don't make a mess they have to clean up, they don't care what you do. 




 When I have panic attacks I'm too busy trying to breathe to take a selfie. 




 $400 a month is pretty common for America. Some people pay as much as $800 a month. 




 The same reason why everyone has to pay for everyone else to have access to fire departments, police stations, roads, etc. 




 Those services are well worth it. 




 I'm happy about it. 




 Except our [economic and social mobility](http://www.decisionsonevidence.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/Economic-Mobility-Across-Developed-Countries.png) has been dropping off in the last decades. 

You're very likely to remain in the same economic class you were born in in the USA whether you work hard or not.  




 Just like you're paying for other people to have firemen put their houses out. 




 Denmark and Germany (as well as a few other countries) have free college. Their professors are paid through tax dollars, like firemen and policemen. 




 Despite their high taxes (or because of them) they have a much better economic mobility than we do.

You can actually crawl out of poverty in Germany. The USA? Good luck. 




 Do you think other countries with free education pay their professors with unicorn farts?

It's funny how America claims to be #1 but sees things other countries can do as impossible. 




 I've been through a living hell since October 2014 (my whole life really, that's just when it got worse).

I am not intentionally starving myself and do eat when I feel a little hungry, but I have lost all appetite almost. I was at 136 lbs when I last weighed myself am now at 128. Still a healthy weight for my height, but I am feeling the affects on my body already. The shakes, the dizziness, etc. As someone who used to cut and is no longer able to, I get the same satisfaction from it that I used to get cutting. So I do enjoy it a little.

As I said, it isn't that I am hungry and am ignoring it. I'm just not hungry. If I felt like I was hungry enough to eat an entire hamburger, I would.

But I do wonder how long this will go on. 




 In anthropology class we were discussing how archaeologists discovered the bones of a person, thousands of years old, that had a limb pretty cleanly amputated, probably to prevent infection in an injury from traveling. 

Understandably, everyone in the class inhaled sharply and started discussing how much that had to have sucked. This was in the days before adequate painkillers, so in all reality this person was probably just held down while they went to town cutting his arm off. 

I said, "I think I'd have rather just been allowed to die." A guy beside me gave me a funny look and said, "*Really?* Sure it hurts, but at least you're alive afterwards."  

Someone else chimed in, "Yes, and once it's healed you go about your daily life again. I mean, at least you're still alive."

Just...wow. As someone with depression I have contemplated ending it just because I can't take the emotional and psychological pain anymore. I can't imagine electing to go through removal of a limb without anesthesia to stay alive. It's completely 100% not worth it.

Also related, this Cracked article:

http://www.cracked.com/personal-experiences-1604-major-surgery-with-no-painkillers-5-things-i-learned.html

The writer went through surgery without general anesthesia (including having his ribs spread open, which the local would not help) because they were working on his heart, and they were worried administering anesthesia would make his heart stop.

I'm afraid if that were me, I'd have to say goodbye to my loved ones and tell them I am choosing to die instead of letting them spread my ribs open without painkillers. 

I guess this attachment to living is something I will just never understand. I haven't had a single experience so far that I would undergo surgery without anesthesia for, and I can't imagine I'll have any in the future. 




 Just knowing I have work the next day drags my entire day down. Do you have any tips?

Oh, I should add that I don't really hate my job, it's just that I feel like a sucker working to pay for a life I don't want. I'd rather die. 









 If I spend any extended time outside when there is a cold wind - or even a breeze - I get this horrible pain in my ears. You know the feeling when you sleep with your ear folded over and when you wake up your ear is stiff and painful? It's a lot like that, except the pain extends under my ear (almost where my jaw starts) and goes up to about two inches above my ear. It can be so intense I have to lay down with a blanket over my head and just let my ears warm up.

Also, I know it's the wind because if I put cotton balls in my ears or wear a hat, I'm fine. 









 I was in kindergarten or thereabouts. My aunt moved close to us after living far away for a long time. She had no kids of her own yet so she liked to take me around and do things. I learned right away I liked spending time with my aunt more than my mom. Mom always had something mean to say and made me feel like she didn't really want me around. She complained and groaned whenever she had to take me somewhere. I heard her talk about her "goddamned kids" on the phone before and knew what she was talking about.

Well, one night my aunt was dropping me off back at home and I threw a fit, as 6-year-olds do. I said I didn't want to be left with mom and wished my aunt could be my mom. My aunt just said, "That's not very nice, your mom loves you," and left.

Well, after that, mom grabbed me and said, "If you don't want to live here anymore, you don't have to. I'm getting you a suitcase and you're packing your things to live in an orphanage. I'll get another kid who isn't a little brat." She hauled out a suitcase and forced me to start throwing my things into it. I was wailing because I believed her 100%. I thought I was never going to see my dad or grandparents again. I thought I was never going to see my dog again. I had just gotten a kitten, and I thought I'd never pet or hold him again. 

After packing all my clothes, she made me go to bed. I lay there and sobbed into my pillow the entire night. It wasn't until the next morning when mom went to wake me up for school that she found me still crying. She said, "Did you really think I'd send you away and bring home another kid?" Honestly, yes. Yes I did. What does that say about you?

Even then she made no real moves to comfort me or even apologize. She just made me get dressed for school. 

Apparently my grandparents (dad's parents) read my mother the riot act when they learned about this. My grandmother even said, "But don't you know even if you were sent to an orphanage, your grandpa and I would come pick you up right away?" So at least I got a little comfort from them.

Oddly enough, I never really understood how fucked up this was until I told my boyfriend about it. I knew it was horribly mean, but I didn't realize it probably counted as psychological abuse.

Also, to this day my mom insists it was a just and fitting punishment. 




 Growing up, I always knew my mother was awful to me and my dad did some awful things too (although not nearly as bad as mom) but since the entire side of my mom's family is like that, I always saw it as normal. "Yes, today my mom called me a worthless idiot, what's for dinner?"

Then just 2.5 years ago I met my boyfriend and we were sharing childhood stories. I remember my boyfriend looking shocked or offended at some of mine and finally one day he said, "Your mother is awful and you should cut all contact with her."

Later I brought this up with my friends who I've known since middle school, and their replies were along the lines of, "Yep, we can't stand your mom." They just never mentioned it to me. 

I lived with it for 20-odd years, but it never occurred to me until it was pointed out.  

Anyway, I decided to make this post because I just found this subreddit and I already relate to so many of your stories. I'm sure I'll go into details at a later time, but right now I'm just reading other posts and coming to terms with the fact that I lived with emotional and psychological abuse for so long without realizing it. It's certainly had an affect on me. I've had severe depression since I was younger than 9 (9 is when I learned what suicide meant and could put a term to the feeling I'd had) and my anxiety can be pretty terrible too. I may have had those issues anyway, but my mother has made them 5 times worse at least. 




 I still think about small and unimportant things that upset me when I was a child. I am constantly replaying my worst experiences in my head.

Worst of all, tips to stop don't seem to help. "Go for a run." I'll ruminate while I'm running. "Find a hobby you enjoy." I'll ruminate while I'm scrap-booking.

What are your experiences? 




 She had cancer for a little while, but blood in her urine told us it spread to her bladder, so we decided it was time to put her down.

So I was there in the office with her, crying my eyes out. The vet said I could hold her, or just put her on the table and pet her. I felt absolute dread at the thought of her going limp in my arms. I was barely holding up as was and I was afraid that would make me lose it. It was taking all my strength to be there at all. My sister had offered to take her in so I wouldn't have to, but I was determined to be there in her last moments. So I rubbed her back as she was euthanized.

Now I am extremely sorry I didn't hold her. I know she didn't know she was about to die. She only knew she was in a place where she had been before and I was petting her. She passed away peacefully feeling me pet her back.

I know even if I had held her I would find something else to be upset about, but I can't shake the feeling that I wasn't properly there for her.

As I said, I've had her for 18 years and she was always there for me when my depression was at its worst and when I needed her most. Now she's gone and I feel I didn't return the favor on top of it. 




 She had cancer for a little while, but blood in her urine told us it spread to her bladder, so we decided it was time to put her down.

So I was there in the office with her, crying my eyes out. The vet said I could hold her, or just put her on the table and pet her. I felt absolute dread at the thought of her going limp in my arms. I was barely holding up as was and I was afraid that would make me lose it. It was taking all my strength to be there at all. My sister had offered to take her in so I wouldn't have to, but I was determined to be there in her last moments. So I rubbed her back as she was euthanized.

Now I am extremely sorry I didn't hold her. I know she didn't know she was about to die. She only knew she was in a place where she had been before and I was petting her. She passed away peacefully feeling me pet her back. 

I know even if I had held her I would find something else to be upset about, but I can't shake the feeling that I wasn't properly there for her. 




 JK Rowling used a werewolf as a metaphor for someone with AIDS (or so I have heard), and while the social stigma is probably very similar, there is one huge difference: Someone with AIDS isn't going to kill you, and a werewolf is his natural state will rip your throat out.

In his first and only year, Lupin almost killed four people. If Sirius Black hadn't been there to fight him off, Harry, Hermione, Ron, and Snape would have been werewolf chow. And if by some chance they survived, they'd now have a lifelong curse.

What's the most damning is that Lupin forgot to take his potion (that keeps him in a human state of mind after transformation) himself. Snape didn't sabotage it to out him, and no one else did anything like that either. Lupin simply got distracted and forgot. Who's to say that couldn't happen again?

It's very unfortunate for Lupin, but if you turn into a deadly animal once a month, you probably shouldn't work in boarding school. I can certainly see where parents of Hogwarts students were coming from. CMV.

Edit: Yes, he resigned, but it was because he knew he'd eventually be fired. 














 My nearly 18-year-old female cat has sprouted a tumor on her side. I've been away so my family isn't quite sure how long it's been there. Some quick research makes it sound cancerous, since it grew sort of quickly and is hard to the touch. She doesn't seem like she's in pain or having trouble moving around.

I'm going to make an appointment with the vet on Monday, but I'm prepared for the worst since it seems cancerous, and her advanced age makes treatment difficult. 

Anyone else gone through this? 




 I've had one, but it was after learning to relax my ass. It took a long time. 




 I downloaded some mods, now all of a sudden I can't finish quests. I'll get all the way to the end of one, and it won't finish. It won't disappear from the journal, and the marker won't go away. I killed a dragon, and once it was dead, it just laid there and didn't burn out. The marker didn't leave from it, either. 

I have...

Skyrim School of Witchcraft and Wizardry

Arissa, the Wandering Rogue

Noble Wedding Dresses

Hearthfire God Chests

Cats of Skyrim

Skyrim Trading Posts

Goldleaf Pony Farm

Prince and Pauper

I have some others, but those have worked fine for a long time. Anyone else have an issue with the mods I listed above?
 




 I've looked around the official medicaid site and couldn't find the answer. I am in Ohio, if that matters.

I am applying for medicaid, and I know it asks what your yearly salary is. The thing is, I have only had crappy jobs and I jump from one to the next. Do I just use the amount from last year's tax information? Or do I have to estimate what I'll make this year? 




 Maven leaves notes around Riften, saying that she'll have to take the losses from her mead out of her employees' salaries. I've been collecting them because they seem interesting, but I haven't found anything to do with them.  



















 I'm hoping to get onto Medicaid next year since at $8 an hour pay I am too poor to afford any insurance. On top of that I tend to have expensive medical bills. I have a $500 one right now that's ruining my credit. 

I had been hoping that I could get braces on Medicaid. Now, my need for braces isn't cosmetic. If it were, I wouldn't bother. Crooked teeth don't bother me much. My problem is that the two teeth beside by front teeth came in in such a way that they put pressure on the front teeth. This causes them to crack and cavities to set in very quickly no matter how on top of brushing and flossing I am. Not to mention the terrible toothaches and headaches that come with constant pressure on your teeth. 

A dentist told me that without braces there is really nothing that can be done besides just filling in the cavities when they appear. All that can be done for the pain is ibuprofen. I can easily finish a bottle of those a month because of this. Nothing can be done for the cracking either.

But Medicaid only pays for braces for those under 21. So I'm pretty fucked. At least dental care is included in Medicaid, so I can get the cavities filled if nothing else. I learned for some states, Medicaid doesn't cover adult dental care at all. Federal law makes them cover dental care for children, but it's up to the state if they cover adults.

What's really infuriating is that when I was about 12 the dentist told my parents this problem with my front teeth would likely happen, and unless treated with braces, it would cause cracking and pain. Excellent spot on prediction. But my parents decided it was too expensive, and "not necessary because he's probably wrong."

I am completely for children receiving medical care, but they aren't more important than adults. 




 I don't know how to create an album on Imgur, so I'll individually post them here:

http://i.imgur.com/GFGKTee.png

http://i.imgur.com/AtPU9bd.png

http://i.imgur.com/Pr9igNy.png

http://i.imgur.com/DxznyMh.png

http://i.imgur.com/0Jlbq9I.png

That was 4 years ago. She's gotten fatter. These are more recent:

http://i.imgur.com/TQUNDS3.png

http://i.imgur.com/7Zgw9w0.png 




 I've been having a very difficult few months. I haven't cut myself in almost 2 years but I really needed the release. I was seriously dizzy afterwards and now my heart hurts, but at least I could relax a little after I had done it.

It doesn't have the same affect it used to when I was younger. Less release now and more dizziness and pain. 




 I feel like I don't really have a place in the world. I'm unlikely to ever get a job that pays very well and I'm still dependent on my parents at 25 years old. I am so sick and tired of living and the idea that there's a higher power watching over me is very attractive. It would be nice to think that it doesn't matter if this life is a complete failure because there's something more important afterwards.

My family seems to get a lot of comfort out of religion. It gave my grandma strength when my grandpa died and it seems to give my formerly-atheist cousin a place to fit in and feel good (her church is pretty liberal). 

The only problem is is that I just don't believe it. I may as well wish Hogwarts was real. This is something I've always been a little jealous of religious people for.  




 I am just getting over the flu, and I have such a severe phobia of vomiting that I refuse to eat or drink anything if I feel nauseous. (A serious risk of dehydration, I know) And yet I threw up a few times despite not eating or drinking for 8+ hours. The vomiting lasted as long as if I had actually eaten something, too. 

Why would I vomit even if there is nothing in my stomach besides normal fluids that are always there? 




 Inspired by my case of the flu. I vomited and was bawling the whole time.

It's probably because I hate it so much. Whenever I vomit the one thing I want most in the world is to stop. However, I learned a lot of people don't seem to mind throwing up much. I've had both my dad and my boyfriend ask why I was crying after vomiting in the past. They couldn't understand why it upset me so much.

So ladies, how do you handle this unpleasant situation? 
























 Even then, it wouldn't be harassment unless the person in the picture was contacted and harassed.  




 Banned to keep people safe?

Unless you waltzed in there to check out the pictures, you never would have seen anything from it. 




 Yeah, but Germany is civilized. 




 Where do you see feminists bitching about this? 




 Since the leave isn't anywhere near your normal salary (even in countries where the government helps to shoulder the costs) and babies cost a fortune, you'd be broke in no time if you did this. 




 The woman shoulders the burden until birth. Then it's only a social problem. The woman could easily return to work after recovering and the man stay home with the baby if that's how people wanted it.

In fact, stay at home fathers are growing in number. 




 America isn't developed though, you see.

This is a very big deal to us. 




 The leave isn't anywhere near your normal paycheck (even in countries where the government helps shoulder the costs) so it isn't a very good incentive to have kids.

Not to mention the birth rates are going down even in countries that have mandated leave already. 




 Higher taxes on the wealthy to pay for things for the good of society isn't just European rhetoric. 

Eisenhower did it in the 50s. Marginal taxes on the rich were 90%. 




 If what other countries have done is so impossible for America, we really should give up that #1 status we so love to claim. 




 I'm fine footing the bill for social services I can use. 




 Sanders isn't European. He wouldn't be taking his views "back" anywhere as he's American. 




 Some guys fuck their cars. I bet Jefferson fucked his plow. 




 Wasn't there a type of slavery where slaves were given a task for the day, and once it was completed, they could grow their own food, keep their own chickens, etc? Task slavery or something, I think it was called.

Of course, this was by no means the norm. 




 People pay a lot of money for farm animals today, but they're never abused. Right? Right? 




 We don't even allow the most mild forms of female circumcision (even pricking the clitoral hood with a needle to symbolize circumcision is illegal) for Muslim parents, so there is a path already. 




 http://pediatrics.aappublications.org/content/early/2013/03/12/peds.2012-2896.full.pdf+html

Doctors from several different medical associations published this in response to the AAP's stance that circumcision is beneficial. 

There's also the fact that in Germany, Sweden, Denmark, etc medical associations backed attempts to ban the practice on children. 




 I'm anti-child circumcision, even for religious reasons.

I don't feel Jews should get a pass. I'm all for religious freedom, but your freedom ends where someone else's body begins. 




 Nicholas Cage. 




  Yes, the courts may demand a man pay child support (if they can find him), but that doesn't mean he will pay child support and ultimately he is still given the choice of whether or not he wants to deal with the pregnancy.

That choice isn't really real, since skipping out on child support can lead to loss of property and a great deal of jailtime. 

As a woman, I feel a lot more privileged when it comes to this situation than men do. No one can force me to care and pay for a kid I don't want. That's why I support financial abortion for men.

Of course, I also support full abortion rights for women, universal healthcare and childcare so children are cared for too, etc. 




  If we had universal child care and health care and a better public education system and guaranteed basic income, we could do away with child support laws.

I believe in "financial abortion" for men, but I also believe we should have all of these things, like many countries already do. 




 I support the idea of financial abortion for men so they have more options. Look up that concept if you're unfamiliar with it.

However, he still doesn't own the woman's uterus and should have no say in whether she aborts or not. Her body, not his.  




 I'm all for giving men for options (I am for the idea of financial abortion) but a woman's uterus is her business, and she should be able to abort no matter who doesn't want her to. 




 When I worked at Wendys, we had to throw away all uneaten food. Weren't even allowed to grab a fry. 




 Whose Line is unpopular? To who?

1988-1998 series has a 8.3 on IMDB.

1998-2006 a 8.7.

The 2013 series has a 8.6 so far.

It's very popular outside of Reddit. It wouldn't have been brought back twice if it weren't. 




 I'd like to mention here that one of the early signs of a disturbed person is the torturing of animals. It's certainly connected. 




 If basic human decency for a creature that can feel suffering doesn't sway you, how about the fact that antibiotic resistant diseases due to overuse of antibiotics are becoming a problem?

Factory farmed animals live in such dirty and bad conditions that they're given antibiotics to keep healthy. The FDA says that out of all antibiotics sold for use by people and animals in the USA, livestock use 80% of them. 

Keep animals in clean and healthy conditions and you don't have to pump them full of drugs. 




 A vaccine can be for either viruses or bacteria. 




 Some states have a law that if your windshield wipers are on, your headlights have to be on. 




 I once pulled out in front of someone because a) it was barely dawn, b) it was raining heavily) and c) they didn't have their headlights on. 

I didn't see them at all. They honked their horn and cursed at me. 




 ER services always have to be performed, even without insurance. But after that? You can be denied medical care for lack of insurance, yes. 

I was denied a procedure that burned precancerous cells off my cervix for a time just because my insurance didn't want to pay it.

http://news.harvard.edu/gazette/story/2009/09/new-study-finds-45000-deaths-annually-linked-to-lack-of-health-coverage/

One study found that 45,000 people a year die in the USA from lack of insurance, and uninsured Americans have a 40% higher chance of death than insured Americans. 

 




 Maybe it's because I'm poor, but I consider $52 to be an expensive gift. 




 My sister broke her leg and needed surgery. She had $5K to pay after insurance. Just for the surgery, not counting the ER visit, physical therapy, etc. 




 $44? A visit here can easily be in the hundreds if you don't have insurance. Hell, sometimes even if you have insurance.

 




 Wages haven't been keeping up with the cost of living for decades. Sort of hard to plan for the future when you can't survive today. 




 SJWs have said this is dangerous for women to do because then the man may attack them. 




 I'm not asking for advice, just if someone knows anything about the pill. 




 I think you broke one of Askwomen's silly rules:

No excluding groups of women based on demographics. 









 I had Spike. I was disappointed. 




 I don't understand. 




 Yes. Generally, if one spouse makes a lot more than the other, that person pays alimony. 




 This entire system needs fixed. It wasn't okay when it was happening to men, and it isn't okay when it happens to women. 




 "He took the house, half my pension, half my salary - and, what's worse, the children," she says.

Funny...many feminists didn't consider it an issue when that was happening to men after divorce.

Really, the whole divorce system needs an overhaul. Men (and women) shouldn't be screwed over in a divorce for their spouse. 




 Northern countries don't see a lot of sun in the winter, which greatly increases the risk of depression and suicide. They generally see the sun go down at 4:00 in November, before 3:00 in December and January, and 4:00 in February.

 




 This sort of thing makes me glad my depression hit long before puberty. My very real illness might have been overlooked as teenage angst.  




 And yet they complain about (the very real issue of) the number of men who commit suicide compared to women. 




 Bruce Jenner after having some form of sex-reassignment surgery. 




 How do you know that? 




 No excuse for this. 




 I'd do this if I had the money to move. 




 I haven't even heard of this. 




 Sanders is pushing for a Scandinavian style system. No one is dying there. 




 Sanders is a Democratic socialist, which is different from socialism.

Democratic socialism can exist with capitalism.  




  it was more of an appeasement and corralling measure.

AKA: politics 




 Yep. And the character usually dies from it.

I'm an avid OTII player. 




 Criminally negligent homicide would be more accurate. 




 Parents should be charged with child endangerment.  




 Even babies get erections. 




 The things they do to avoid work are more work than what they're trying to avoid. 




 Is there even one dress code rule girls have that boys do not? 




 I am sort of nervous because I know I'll probably start crying right away. What do they ask you? 




 I put my 18-year-old cat to sleep in March.

Hun, I feel your pain. 




 Sort of off topic, but what is with liberals and their obsession with taxing churches?

Because they take in millions a year? Because they use the roads, the police, and the fire departments? 




 Wages haven't kept up with the cost of living.

Seeing a doctor is outside of my means, but sometimes I have to do that. 




 My boyfriend bought a used Iphone over Ebay.

So clearly, he isn't poor! 




 Taxes are higher in many European countries, and they don't seem to have the issues poor Americans do. 




 I've been voting for 8 years. 




 There are other countries than that. 




 Austria, Brazil, Malta, Scotland (for some elections), Argentina, Bosnia, Germany (for some elections), and a couple US cities have a voting age of 16 for local elections. 




 Many countries already have a voting age of 15-16 and it hasn't seemed to have done them any harm. 




 Many countries already have voting ages at 15-16, and it hasn't seemed to cause them any harm. 




 I am taking accounting classes. 




 Oatmeal is a type of porridge.  




 I am an office aid. I make $8 an hour. 




 The sad part is that many MRAs are invalidating real issues men have with their BS. 




 America might be the worst place in the developed world to be poor. 




 Is it that fucking hard to put AT LEAST $20 a paycheck into a savings account?

I just got a $800 medical bill. Yes, it is. 




 A car isn't a luxury.

I need my 1996 Subaru to get to work and class. 




  Live and budget by deducting 15% from your paycheck as savings.

I make minimum wage. lulz 




 Try that on minimum wage or just a little more now. 




 "Just manage the money you don't have better." 




  the 70.7% who drank alcohol in the past year, or

One glass of alcohol in a year hardly shows a habit.

 




 1) A 1996 Subaru

2) A laptop I got for Christmas and a $20 MP3 player

3) I don't like coffee 




 I have none of that. 




 As a college student, eating food that isn't Ramen is out of my means. 




 Yes. 




 Yep...that's me. 




 Women in Israel and Norway can answer this question. 




 If you can just snap out of depression, you didn't really have depression.

You were just down for awhile.
 




 That's younger than 13 weeks. 




 China has notoriously bad Good Samaritan laws. Many people have been sued for helping injured people for possibly injuring them further.

So it isn't unusual to see people standing around doing nothing when someone in hurt in China. 




 China has notoriously bad Good Samaritan laws. Many people have been sued for helping injured people for possibly injuring them further.

So it isn't unusual to see people standing around doing nothing when someone in hurt in China. 




 China has notoriously bad Good Samaritan laws. Many people have been sued for helping injured people for possibly injuring them further.

So it isn't unusual to see people standing around doing nothing when someone in hurt in China. 




 Yep. 




  It would be like showering with my Dad when his dong is out.

I used to shower with my dad when I was little. One day I tried to grab his penis (first time I noticed it, I guess) and that ended our showering together. 




 If that had been my kitten, I'd be on one of those "children who murder" TV shows. 




 I use baby wipes after wiping with toilet paper, but I throw them in a trash can with a lid.

It's never smelled. 




 You can support the 2nd amendment and still be for placing restrictions on it. 

That's like saying you aren't really supportive of the 1st amendment unless you support someone's right to lie in a court of law as free speech.  




 That would be common sense gun restriction. We *used* to have that ban in fact, and Americans still enjoyed plenty of guns.

 




 None. I was a very boring kid and teenager. 




 Sorry, I'm just scared shitless of causing someone to wreck into me. 




 I copied and pasted Bernie's voting record on guns and added my own comment at the end. 




 Drugs.

As someone with severe anxiety and depression, I need drugs just to function. Sleep is one of these things. 




 I'm sure that none of the stories there actually "happened". Even if they did it's a drop in the ocean compared to the real domestic abuse suffered by women.

Because someone has to actually beat you up severely for it to be real abuse, right? 




 Your class can include everyone you graduate with, not just the people you take actual classes with. 

Not saying this BS story is true, but using both words class and cafeteria doesn't disprove it. 




 It seems like it really could be related to anxiety, and I have it bad.

Okay, to explain the concept, let's say that the color red upsets me, and I want to try to forget about it for a little bit to give my mind a break. Let's see what I can do to take my mind off of it.

Listen to music? Okay. But the song I was listening to mentioned a clown, and they have red noses. Back to thinking about red.

Browse the internet with grayscale on? Well, I saw a picture of a picnic table in an ad, and my elementary school had a red one.

Eat a sugar cookie? The last cookie I had was an MM cookie, and some of those were red.

Anyone else deal with this insanity that makes it impossible to get any real mental rest? Of course, it's more complicated than being bothered by a color, but that's the basic gist of it.

Oh, and if it's relevant, I take Wellbutrin, Lexapro, and another fast acting pill for anxiety that I can't remember the name of daily. 




 Why does it matter whether it's state or federal? It's still a government benefit. 




 Voted YES on allowing firearms in checked baggage on Amtrak trains. (Apr 2009)

Voted YES on prohibiting foreign  UN aid that restricts US gun ownership. (Sep 2007)

Voted YES on prohibiting product misuse lawsuits on gun manufacturers. (Oct 2005)

Voted YES on prohibiting suing gunmakers  sellers for gun misuse.
 (Apr 2003)

He's hardly a "gun grabber". 




 So should we disband the fire departments and police? If your house catches fire, you're on your own?

Because that's a government benefit. 




 The Swedish Medical Association calls for a ban. The Danish College of General Practitioners calls for a ban. The Australian Medical Association said they'd support a ban. The German Medical Association is in agreement. I had an entire list but that's what I could remember off the top of my head. 




 The foreskin isn't a birth defect or a vestigial organ. 




 Foreign medical professionals are largely against infant circumcision though. None of them are against vaccination. 

Many medical associations even supported banning the practice when the idea was being thrown around Germany, Denmark, Sweden, Norway, etc.

http://pediatrics.aappublications.org/content/early/2013/03/12/peds.2012-2896.full.pdf+html

And here is some literature written by several doctors from all over the world protesting the AAP's stance that circumcision is very beneficial.  




 It's largely Muslim as well. In south east Asia clitoral hood circumcisions are considered religious. 




 Male circumcisions in Nigeria are performed under the same dirty conditions female circumcisions are with poorly designed tools. 




 You still can't guarantee it's safe if you do that. 

Hell, Africans can do that too, but they still don't have access to safe water. That's the entire point of it being a human right. 




 College isn't just for training for a job. That's what trade school is. 




 Ah, never been too good at math. 




 (a+b)(a+b)

Right? 




 Beer hasn't been declared a human right by the United Nations. 




 And all this is happening while people look down on those going to school to study history. 




 They're very popular in other countries. That's why McDonalds workers in Europe can get $10/hr. 




 I disagree with almost everything you just said (except for rap music, I think it's shit. But I don't feel that it's to blame for the problems in the black community) but I don't feel the need to stalk your comment history and bitch about it.

That's the difference between normal people and BRDs. 




 My boyfriend enjoys being pegged by me without the need for feminism. 




 But if a man has a vagina now, isn't he a woman socially?

 




 What about the Descent? Pretty sure that's only been called horror. 
























 Income equality doesn't mean both the CEO and the cashiers make the same amount. It means their income goes up the same amount.

If the CEO sees a 5% increase in pay, so should the cashiers. If only people at the top see their incomes go up, the people at the bottom have to make do with less and less. More money ends up in the hands of the richest people. 




  Do Reddit liberals in /r/politics honestly think Bernie Sanders can win a national election?

No, but I'm voting for him anyway in the primaries. 




 FMU? 




 I have never seen an issue so perfect to be neutral over. 




 DNA tests not done by professionals are inadmissible in court.

Even if the father can't get a DNA sample from the child, he can still request that the courts order one if he has reason to believe he isn't the father. 




 USA, Ohio.

Not comfortable giving county. I never get any more specific than state online.

This was also back in the late 80s. 




 I just looked at my birth certificate. Both of my parents' signatures appear on it. They were also unmarried at the time. 




 To be fair, is it really pocket money if you're ordered to only spend it on food? That's not what pocket money is. 




 I refuse to buy jeans anywhere but Goodwill. $6 jeans, yeah! 




 Months? Eww, eww. I wear jeans for two days tops before washing them. 




 True, but if you want to know before your missed period, a more expensive one with a sensitive hcg reading is a must.  




 Suave gives me a horrible rash though. 




 I bought my purse for $4.50 at Goodwill. 




 My hair would be a mess of grease.  




 Depends on the food item. 




 If you can prove via DNA shortly after birth before you sign the birth certificate that you aren't the father, you're off the hook. 

You only might be ordered to pay child support if you acted the role of a father towards the child for a period of time, even if it isn't yours. 

Not sure what Vasegel has to do with it, unless you know you can't be the father because of it. That would prompt you to order a DNA test. 




 Several breeds have been raised as food forever, such as the Nureongi. They were *always* food in Korea. 




 What do you mean? 




 You can lose everything even if you have insurance.  




 He seems to be doing okay. He's quickly gaining on Hillary in the polls.

Sadly, I don't see Sanders getting the nomination, but many Americans like him. 




 Why? 




 Dogs are considered pests that over-breed and cause havoc in many places. India is one. 




 Even if it was 100K years ago, humans evolved to be the way we are now long before dogs evolved. We created them, but we didn't evolve with them. Our evolution was already "done" before we created dogs.

Also, we didn't create dogs to be our pets. We created them as work animals. Some people back then may have viewed them as pets, but overall they were work animals, not companions.  




 Damn. Where do you live?

My cat had that issue more than once (plus an extended vet stay each time) growing up and I'm pretty sure it didn't cost nearly that much because if it did my parents would have just put him down.

 




 My cat ate the cheapest shit you could find (my parents were responsible for buying her food from early on since I got her when I was a kid, and by the time I got old enough to afford to buy her food she wouldn't touch anything but the stuff she ate for years) and she lived to be 18.

She never visited the vet except for routine stuff.

I'm sure this isn't the norm, but it happened. My new kitten gets better food. 




 Tampons and pads.

But I use a cup now, so it's moot.

Also: Tide laundry detergent (smells so good and cleans so well), shower supplies 




 Falling and hitting my head. 




 We all know SRS's feelings about a "financial abortion" option for men. Their argument is that women are just exercising their rights over their bodies, but men are abandoning their children.

Okay, let's say that someday artificial uteruses become possible. Fetuses can be easily transplanted from a real uterus to an artificial one in a lab. Let's say abortion is still contested in many places and personhood amendments are still being pushed. 

As a compromise it's suggested that abortion be made illegal, but transplanting fetuses into an artificial womb is made free and is easily attained. Even publicly funded. Pro-life people get their way (no more murdering babies, as they see it) and women still have complete control over their bodies.

Now, once the fetus becomes full term three things can happen. One: Both parents sign it out and assume responsibility. Two: Both consent to adopting it out. Three: One parent signs it out, and if the other doesn't want to, they're ordered to pay child support to the parent who takes custody.

This makes it possible that both men and women might end up being financially responsible for a child they didn't want and never had any way to escape paying for it for 18+ years once conception happened. 

Now, the fun part: What's SRS's reaction to this proposed law?

"OMG, men are always wanting women to assume the role as mothers no matter what else she wants to do with her life!"

"I know, now women might end up not reaching their full potential as members of society because they have the responsibility of paying for a child they didn't consent to."

"Doesn't anyone in this patriarchy care that some women who were raped might end up paying child support to her rapist?" (The way SRS currently doesn't care if this happens to men)

"Of course, now we're back to parenthood by chance, not by choice. We're always taking choices away from women."

"What if a man intentionally gets a woman pregnant so she has no option but to pay him to support a child he wants but she doesn't? Does the woman have no recourse?"

For the record, I'd be against such a law. I don't think anyone should be made to be a parent if they don't want. But we all know what SRS would do. Have fun! 




 Many musicians have done their best work while stoned, so is music a crappy thing to study? 




 I think the joke is that being drunk tends to make you more insightful in some ways, like being high. 




 I was mocking them. 




 Pigs tend to be smarter than dogs. Do you eat pork? 




 Mice are self aware. Is it wrong to kill one? 




 As someone who has kept chickens, they can and do form bonds with humans. 




 Dogs evolved 34K years ago at the earliest. Humans have been around for over 200K years. We were around for quite a long time before they were.

Many cultures ate them then too.  




 ...and? 




 http://www.thelocal.se/20130110/45536 




 Rape is a first world problem. 




 "Meh" on progress! 




 Any man who's been raped. Doesn't matter by who. 




 Family planning is part of that "don't breed them" plan. 




 People under 18 have no representation in government. It's reprehensible to discriminate against them like that when they have no recourse.

If they're working a job, they deserve the same pay everyone else working that job gets. 




 People under 18 deserve the same amount others are making for the same job.

It's extremely shitty to do that to a group of people who have no representation in government anyway. 




 Same for me. 




 Having sex. 




 Why? 




 Is it okay to cut a cat's fur with scissors if the cat is dead?

Because my cat was dead when I did. *sniff* 




 Damn nature you scary. 




 But I failed kindergarten (reading skills were bad) so add six to mine. 




 I've have a little more respect for women's studies if it actually taught critical thinking and reasoning skills. Instead it seems to turn out SRS-like people. 




 You claim talking about it on a private subreddit is bullying, if we mentioned it to your faces you'd *really* complain about bullying. 




 Actually, yes, all Muslim countries that circumcise girls also circumcise boys.

There's only one place where only one gender is circumcised...the west. And Israel.  




 They aren't oppressive at all if it's what you want. Women can make decisions without it being social conditioning.

I'd *love* to be a housewife. I hate working a job and find housework much less miserable. I'd even be okay with my husband being in charge to go along with it because I don't care much about making those decisions either.

The less complicated my life is, the better. It has nothing to do with my gender. If a man wanted to be a househusband for the same reasons, I wouldn't blame him. 




  I also hate that all the women's subreddits are a huge pro-choice circlejerk, and anyone who has anything to say other than "abortion yaaaaay you go gurl" gets downvoted to hell. Not all women think abortion is the bees knees; everyone should get a say.

I'm pro-choice, but this is why I think the argument that, "If men could get pregnant, abortion would be in the Constitution" is the biggest load of bullshit I've ever heard. Not everyone who is against abortion just wants to control women. 




 Why? I never got the point of make-up. 




 Which could very easily be the entire reason she was decapitated. If you can't ID the victim, you aren't going to find the guilty party. 




 I sometime fantasize about punching people that I hate.

I'm obviously dangerous and a psycho. 




 The thought of something being shoved into my cervix...*twitch* 




 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._Louis_Jane_Doe

The St. Louis Jane Doe is an unidentified girl who was found murdered on February 28, 1983 in St. Louis, St. Louis County, Missouri. She has also been nicknamed "Hope" and the "Little Jane Doe."[1] The victim was estimated to be between eight and eleven when she was murdered, presumably by strangulation. The victim had also been decapitated and raped; the brutality of the crime has led to national attention.

Reading about how [Vernon Brown](http://www.clarkprosecutor.org/html/death/US/brown967.htm) killed his victims, I believe it's very possible she was one of his victims.

This case has always got to me because I always have a hard time understanding how a child goes without being identified. To think she might not have had family looking for her.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzNt6YfGNX4

Here is a video that shows the only photo I know of of the body. It isn't graphic, it's only a photo of her hands tied behind her, but  knowing the context makes it 100X worse. 




 Can't she take in sewing or washing? 




 I dislike being naked. 




 IUDs sound horrible. 




  I'm just always so flabbergasted when people who are doing things they're not into feel the need to tell me my way is bad or selfish or unfair or THE LITERAL WORST.

I give blowjobs even though I dislike them and the fact that you don't...totally doesn't interest me. 




  That I'm not allowed to request or receive sex while I'm asleep.

This too. It drives me nuts. I told my boyfriend he's allowed to have sex with me when I'm asleep, drunk, high, whatever. I don't care. And he has. Every single time I mention it here, a few people at least always insist I've been raped. Rape is sex without consent. I gave consent long before when I said it was okay with me.

If I don't care, why do you? If I did start caring, I'd say something to him. 




 Getting your underwear in a twist over gendered insults. 




 Are you aware that men get paid more than women?

On average. Not for the same job.

Are you aware that the work women do is consistently devalued not just on the individual level but on a massive scale that sees industries start to pay less and less as women take more and more jobs in them? 

Citation needed.

Are you aware that computer programming as an industry gained not just prestige but MASSIVE wage increases when men began to move in and take the jobs that were previously held by women?

Citation needed.

Are you aware that theres a huge wealth gap between men and women?

23 cents on average. And not for the same job.

Are you aware of the pink tax,  whereby products intended for women consistently cost more than products intended for men despite costing the same to produce and despite women as a class having far less money than men as a class?

Products for women tend to have more going on and cost more to make. But we all know women are so brainwashed and helpless they can't just buy the men's products, right?

re you aware that women are socially sanctioned for not owning a wider selection of clothes than men, and that womens clothes are more expensive? 

Have you ever seen what a man's suit costs? Also, thrift shops have a lot of clothes for women and not much for men. My wardrobe cost a lot less than my boyfriend's.

Are you aware that women are socially sanctioned for not wearing makeup, something else that costs a lot of money, or shaving much larger parts of their bodies than men, which causes us to go through our (more expensive) razors/razor blades faster than men?

I have never worn make-up and I have never heard anything about it. Also, I know of no job that isn't sex related that requires women to shave. Jobs that require men to shave? Quite a few.

Are you aware that womens hygeine products are more expensive and that were socially sanctioned for not having long hair, something that requires, again, specific and frequently expensive products to upkeep? 

I know of no job that requires women to have long hair. However, many jobs require men to have short hair. My boyfriend had to cut his long, beautiful hair because of this. Also, many hygiene products are unisex if you think women's are that expensive.

Are you aware that these social sanctions dont end with social ramifications, but can actually make the difference between a woman getting hired, fired, or getting a pay rise, because women who dont perform femininity in socially accepted ways are considered less professional?

Citation needed.

Are you aware that in order to have sex without ending up solely responsible for a child, women who are capable of pregnancy pay huge amounts of money for birth control and/or abortions, which arent covered under many insurance policies while the pills cis men need to get erections is covered much more often?

Because court mandated child support no real! A woman will always end up solely responsible! Also, aren't birth control pills required to be covered now as part of Obamacare? As for expensive abortions, that really is an issue. 

Are you aware that a man is more likely to be hired if potential employers know he has children, but that a woman is less likely to be hired if potential employers know she has children?

Which is why employers can't legally ask this question.

Are you aware that women have much less available money because we start off being paid less by our jobs and were expected to pay more as the rent for existing in the world as a woman?

See above refutations. 

Are you aware that despite all this, not all feminists expect men to pay for our meals on a date? Are you aware that not every feminist is even interested in dating men? Are you aware that not every woman is a feminist, and the women youre dating arent automatically trying to abolish gender roles just because theyre women?

Listen here why I list reasons you should pay for my food because I have no money while I insist some feminists don't want men to pay for their food (which is true).

Are you aware that you are looking at a population of people who face significantly higher rates of harrassment, abuse, and rape

Men are far more likely to be victims of assault and homicide, but when is that ever mentioned among these people? They only mention it when women are more likely to have something bad happen.

a population who is paid less and expected to pay more, a population who is tightly restricted by gender roles that expect us to do unpaid emotional and domestic labour for men like you who see it as your due

Because men don't do housework ever.

and your first fucking question is why our very top priority isnt making sure you dont have to pay a little extra on a goddamned date?

"Pay for my food, damn it! I'm oppressed!"

 




 What's wrong with this quote, exactly? He's just saying if enough people don't like Reddit's changes, they'll find something better and Reddit will go under eventually.

Pao's rule goes, but she has to keep her users happy to stay successful. 




 The last thing I want is to tell people in dangerous jobs its okay to get high at any time if their job is dangerous, at home or at work

How is their being high at home dangerous at all no matter what their job is? They aren't doing their job from home. As long as they don't go into work under the influence, I don't care. 

If you come to a dangerous job hungover, they usually send you packing. Same should go for weed, legal or not.

But you aren't fired Monday because of a can of beer you had Friday after work. You shouldn't be fired Monday because you had a joint Friday night. That's none of your boss's business.

If you come to work hungover on anything, you should be fired. But just because you partake when you're off work doesn't mean you come in high or hungover. Hell, I got drunk last night. But I wasn't drunk or even hung over coming into work today. 




 Yes, and for the most part I see nothing wrong. 




 Who mentioned forced abortions? 




 It's referring to a "financial abortion" which would have to be decided very early in the woman's pregnancy. 

A man wouldn't be able to suddenly walk out while the woman is giving birth.

  




 You can accept that someone is circumcised and still think it's mutilation.

My boyfriend is circumcised. I pay plenty of attention to his penis and we have fun with it, but I still think it ought to be illegal to do it to a child for any reason other than medical. 




 Every single developed country besides the USA has mandated sick leave, and businesses still exist and do well. 




 Here I am, sitting in America, with no paid sick leave. 




 Because in countries with a high minimum wage due to collective bargaining, we see mostly automation, right?

There's no employees to be seen in any McDonalds in Sweden! 




 I have to say this is in a large part true, but that doesn't really mean anything. You still have to care for people even if they require more than they give. It's part of living in a society. 




 Why? 




 The boss doesn't have to give 12 weeks off. Just one unpaid day to give birth is mandated. 




 They have to give you one unpaid day to give birth. 




 Drugs.

The doctor gave me wonderful fast-acting pills. 




 Nope. No mandated vacation time in America. Your boss doesn't have to give you any time off. 




 Unfortunately, the 1st amendment specifies religious freedom. So, these fundamental bigots can write their bigotry into law.

The 1st amendment species religious freedom for individuals. The Establishment Clause makes it unconstitutional to put religion into law. 




 I'd have been so tempted to push that guy over. 




 Couldn't social conditioning have anything to do with it? Women have always been told it's best they stay at home with the kids and the fathers have to work, so it's a hangover from the past influencing those choices. You'd have to show me something women are overall better parents.

And your source shows that the number of men staying home by choice to care for the family is increasing and the number of men who do it because they're ill is decreasing. 




 Turns out, it's a legit whale watching community that's over 2 years old.

HAHAHAHAHA!

https://archive.is/nsZKC 




 HAHAHAHAHA!

Love it. 




 Your leave pay isn't as much as your regular pay, so if you want to try to survive on that with multiple kids, be my guest. 




 Not here in America. 




 If the person's mouth is open, it would be a lot easier. 




 Any citations for any of this? 




 Most women aren't strong enough to break someone's jaw? I think you're overestimating how hard it is to break a bone. 




 I am thin, but eat like shit and don't exercise. I do it by not eating a lot when I do eat. 




 Normal. I'd like to keep it that way. BMI of 20. 




 What if a man slaps a woman without a lot of force? Is that the same as a woman slapping a man hard?

I remember a man on Reddit mentioning his girlfriend broke his jaw, and the response was, "A woman broke your jaw? Are you some sort of weakling?"

Women are perfectly capable of causing serious harm. 




 That completely depends on how hard you hit someone.

I remember a man on Reddit mentioning his girlfriend broke his jaw, and the response was, "A woman broke your jaw? Are you some sort of weakling?"

Women are perfectly capable of causing serious harm. 




 Yeah and clearly we're talking about a human being capable of breathing.

But it isn't, and won't for a good long time.

Baby trees are called saplings, which very much are trees. In fact, the seed itself is what results from pollination so your analogy isn't even looking at the right stage.

Saplings aren't the same as sprouts. And my analogy is in the right stage. Seed = blastocyst that must be implanted after the sperm and egg meet. The sprout would be the fetus. Sapling would be the child.

It's a human being, period.

Citation needed.

Stop trying to belittle it so you can easily dismiss it.

Even if I thought it was a human being, I'd still be pro-choice because you can't use someone else's body against their will even as a human being.

Abortion legality has nothing to do with morality, but you've gotten so drawn in to that debate with pro-lifers that you've decided if it must be about morality then you'll just eliminate the part that brings morality into question: personhood.

Or maybe I just don't believe it's a human being? 




  From my estimation, FPH was approximately 60% skinnyfats who don't exercise or eat well themselves (for whatever reason) despite the supposed focus on health, and about 40% former-fatties/reddit-inspired gymrats who can only keep themselves from gaining it back by shaming themselves and others.

*Many* people on FPH admitting to not exercising much or eating well. This wasn't some well guarded secret. In fact, it was used to make the point that portion control was most of weight loss. 

The focus on health was a subset of FPH. Not everyone there cared about working out. 




 I loved FPH. I'm not mad. I'm amused. 




 I agree with you, but I downvote anyone who says, "I'm going to be downvoted, but..." 




 As someone who frequented FPH, harassment was actually against the rules. You had to blur out the identifying info from any screenshots you posted so others couldn't find them as well.

I have no doubt some people probably were harassing fat people on Reddit, but doing it as a group from FPH could get you banned. I remember reading that rule on the sidebar many times. 




 I frequent that sub. My response was, "Heh, get ready for a whack-a-mole game Reddit." 




 TRP is a hive of stupidity, but I've never understood the desire to ban people you disagree with. Grow up. 




 Any source for this?

The mods wouldn't have made it against the rules if they were going to do it. What would be the point? 




 I might need someone to alert me to what the new FPH is. I have trouble finding it sometimes. 




 The breathing movements mean it would be if not for it's environment. I don't know how you can't see the fallacy in your argument.

The definition of breathing isn't, "Taking air inside the lungs and expelling it, or would be if in the right environment." It's, "Taking air inside the lungs and expelling it."

I didn't say anything about human life, I said human being. Nice deflection though.

It isn't a human being any more than a seed with a sprout is a tree. 




 Breathing means taking air into and out of the lungs. A fetus isn't doing that.

Is it human life? Sure. But so is a blastocyst and it isn't a person. 




 The mother is breathing then. The fetus still isn't.

Breathing movements aren't breathing. 




 This men's rights activist? 




 This was actually against the rules, and anyone who did so would have been banned. 




 And then afterwards have 3-4 kids to raise, which costs a fortune.

If this is an issue, then why are birth rates falling even in countries that have mandatory parental leave for parents?

Having kids just for parental leave isn't practical and costs you a lot more in the long run. 




 Trolls are making it here now? 




 26 and it still hasn't happened.

Living is freaking expensive. I go to school and do work study. 




 I...see nothing morally wrong with this. 




 I was on medication that most likely caused the fetus to abort.

If a fetus is a child, this is involuntary manslaughter and I'd be charged.

That's why it makes no sense to call abortion murder. 




 This MRA is teaching you that it should be up to the individual parents who works and who stays home with the kid.

So there, repeat something different that a MRA taught you. 




 So...most of the world besides America? 




 Your leave is only a percentage of your pay, so good luck trying to survive on that with multiple kids.

 




 Your leave is only a percentage of your pay, so good luck trying to survive on that with multiple kids. 




 Pretty sure it's here because it's obviously made up. 




 Is it okay to force someone to do it against their will though? 




 I am very much against forcing a child to hug or kiss anyone.

Way to show how much you disrespect your child. 




 Was my miscarriage involuntary manslaughter?
 




 The right to an abortion is the 14th amendment. It's as much of a right as the 2nd amendment. 




 All fetuses are living things. All blastocysts are living things. All cells are living things.

None of those are breathing. 




 Was my miscarriage involuntary manslaughter?
 




 Was my miscarriage involuntary manslaughter? 
























 My parents split up while they were dating then got back together.

Now they've been married for 25 years. 




 I'm only 26 and medical costs are already too much. 




 He threw her out because she cheated and stole $7K from him.

Yeah...I don't think it applies here. 




 My first thought is, "I fucking hate working." 




 I've done this, and I have never cheated on my boyfriend.

Sometimes I like to dress sexy just for me. 




 The Jurassic World mosasaur doesn't look to be as big as the Leviathans. 

http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20150619202219/jurassicpark/images/6/6c/Jurassic_world_mosasaur_underwater_viewing_by_sonichedgehog2-d8qh42j.jpg

True mosasaurs weren't anywhere near that big though. This one is the largest specimen we have:

http://www.discoverfossils.com/images/brucebanana.jpg 




 I'm pretty sure squid have never attacked sailing ships. For one, squid are deep sea creatures. They almost never come up to the surface. Another, their tentacles are much too heavy to lift out of the water. 




 I've had it as my background for months. But mine includes the captioning. I like horror and comedy! 




 In the Heart of the Sea. The true story that inspired Moby Dick. 




 I wasn't expecting to see my current screen background on Reddit today. 




 Its instance of use was stupid, but it still holds true generally. 




 What exactly is make-up shaming? 




 Does this person understand that condoms are for women as well? 




 If there are no other supernatural entities in the movie, who lets Jack out of the pantry? 




 Owning a gun isn't a basic human right. 

The idea of basic human rights came around during the Enlightenment era, and that they were endowed upon humanity by their creator. That's freedom of speech, religion, etc. I can't think of any enlightenment philosopher that mentioned guns.

You can accurately say owning a gun is a constitutional right, but that doesn't make it a natural right or a basic human right.

Also, banning some guns in some circumstances isn't infringing on the 2nd amendment. If it were, making it illegal to yell "FIRE!" is a crowded theater for fun would be a violation of the 1st amendment and freedom of speech. 




 No, he wasn't.

Nazis called themselves a socialist party because at the time you had to be considered a (Democratic) socialist to even be on the radar for many people.  




 Democratic socialism =/= communism. 




 Yes, I remember our socialism classes between gym and math. 




 I have heard the 7-13 week ultrasounds are most reliable for dating, so it's probably a mixture of size and detail that tells them. 




 Ah, had no idea how ultrasounds knew how far along a fetus was. I thought it was just size.

I did know about the due date, though. It's basically just 40 weeks after your last period started or 38 weeks after conception. Doesn't mean the baby will go all 40 weeks or won't take longer. 




 My boyfriend dirties the place up and then complains because the place is dirty.

Seriously, most of it is him. When I cook, I do the dishes that night. My trash goes into the can the next time I stand up. Him? Dishes sit around for days. His side of the bed looks like a landfill. 




 I do garbage. My boyfriend does laundry. 




 I don't fold anything. Anything that has to be wrinkle free goes in the closet. 




 Yep. Every piss gets wiped. And don't even get me started on shark week. 




 My boyfriend used to have longer hair than me. The hair that was everywhere was his! 




 Not necessarily. The t-rex should have run out of food long before anyone went in to rebuild another park. They probably trapped it somewhere and fed it. 




 I'm thinking this was someone inside. 




 So spend it on things even the military says they don't need instead of things to help citizens? 

Better to waste it than help someone! 




 It's 20% of the entire budget (more than the next 7 countries combined), and you were talking taxes. 




 I think they're actors being paid to say lines. 




  If freedom is allowing people to go bankrupt over healthcare costs, end up homeless easily and have a shitty education or social welfare system

Brings a tear to this American's eye!

Not really. Our idea of freedom is horrible. 




 At least they get good services for their tax dollars.

We get...military spending. 




 Are ultrasounds in the 1st trimester possibly off a week because it's only based off of the average size of what fetuses the same age tend to be? And fetuses that age grow at around the same amount during that time, thus the short margin of error?

Another question I thought of. 




 I enjoy an offensive joke as much as the next person, but the idea that one community is responsible for the jokes make about them is pretty dumb. 




 Don't you know it's about southern pride, not racism?

Yeah, nevermind the fact that it's a battle flag designed to incite troops fighting for slavery, that doesn't matter! 




 Maybe I'm not being clear. I apologize.

Ultrasounds can tell how old a fetus is, right? So if an ultrasound says a fetus is 8 weeks old for instance, the pregnancy is really 10 weeks along since it's measured by mother's LMP, not conception.

But what if a woman hasn't had a period for two months before discovering she was pregnant? Would they just estimate the pregnancy is about 10 weeks along if her fetus measures 8 weeks old? 




 But that tells you how old the fetus is, not how far along in the pregnancy you are, since you're considered pregnant 2 weeks before conception. As I said, depending on how long implantation took, it can be up to 2 weeks off.

I am actually not pregnant, but I know someone who is and this stuff become fascinating to me. 




 How do they take implantation into account? That can take place 6-12 days after conception. So what do they do if LMP is useless in this case? It could be nearly 2 weeks off if implantation isn't considered. How far along would they tell a woman she is? Would they just take the age of the fetus from an ultrasound and add 2 weeks?

Sorry about deleting the last post, but I noticed an error. 




 *yawn*

Obvious troll. 




  All embyos are female by default, then the males develop into males only if the Y-chromosome is present. The gonads all start inside the embryo and descend to become balls if the fetus is male.

Not true. All embryos start out undifferentiated by default. They're still male or female, but there's no physical difference yet. They form the same body parts early on that later sexual organs will stem from. At some point during development, the Y chromosome switches on the SRY gene, which induces the formation male parts. If there is no Y chromosome or SRY gene, it continues development and forms female parts. 

No male fetus or embryo is ever female. 




 Where can I get a job at this company? Paid to stand around? Hell yes! 




 Depends. 

Is it often re-accuring? Yes, you should always tell your partners.

Can it be cured and is considered gone? I'd say no, unless the infection happened recently. 




 People with terminal illnesses often can't feel better. Medicine can only do so much. Not to mention the medicine they give for pain often makes you very, very sick. Terminal patients are already very, very sick and this would make them feel worse.

if you asked your small 8 year old cousin if they wanted to die while they were in the midst of some sort of extremely painful experience they have no way to make a reasoned decision.

My hypothetical 8-year-old cousin isn't terminally ill and likely to die a slow and agonizing death within the next few months. That's the difference. The terminally ill *will* die and in extreme pain. You just want to draw it out and don't care that they're suffering needlessly because you think a miracle might occur.

I don't understand how you don't see that

I, as well as the Dutch Pediatric Association, understand that forcing a terminally ill child to continue an agonizing existence when they will certainly die soon anyway is cruel and inhumane. Even if you think a child cannot make a reasoned decision in this instance, the parents and the doctors can. 

As I said, what if someone made you continue to live in pain, not caring how much you're suffering, because they believed in the off chance a miracle could occur? That's what you want to do to these children. You're being flippant about their pain because you aren't the one suffering it. 




 But how many SJWs do you see in political office? We tend not to elect our crazies. 




 Because they're in agony and it's cruel to make someone exist in that torture when they've made it clear they wish to end their suffering and doctors agree it's hopeless.

Would you want someone to do that to you? To force you to continue existence in absolute agony? 




 Did you read the article? The child has to be assessed by a team of doctors and they have to agree that death is in the child's best interests. This isn't a suicide-on-demand situation. 




 The greater context here is that a man wants his testicles removed because he wants a 0% chance that he'll have a child he doesn't want.

Women's reproductive freedom isn't nearly as good as it should be, but as someone with a choice (as hard as it might be to obtain it) I feel I'm in a much better position than someone whose entire future depends on my choice. 




 Someone is only considered terminal if their death is likely to happen within the next 6 months. Doctors tend to be optimistic here, meaning it's far more likely you'll be told you have a chance when you don't instead of the other way around. Patients also tend to die sooner than doctors estimate. These people are so sick their bodies often begin to shut down long before doctors think they should. 

You're doing nothing but forcing people to suffer on the off-chance a miracle will occur.



 




 Absolutely, and I think that's terrible and only progress can fix it.

But the situation is still better for women than men. I'd rather have to go through a lot of trouble to get an abortion than my future completely rest on someone else's decision. 




 The child isn't making the choice by themselves. They have to be assessed by a team of doctors who have to consent, as well as the parents. 




 I picked this up today for $2. It has "Tootie 71" scratched into the bottom of it. It seems to be plaster. I'm assuming "Tootie" carved it in 1971. 

I was thinking it could be just a bust someone made for fun, but does anyone recognize the girl? Did Tootie base it off a real person? Or another sculpture? Any info you might be able to come up with would be great! 









 The terminal illness has already robbed them of all those opportunities. Right now all you're doing is denying them the chance of a dignified and painless death. 




 Most vegetables. I can eat green beans, carrots, cauliflower, radishes, and lettuce. Anything else tastes like shit. 




 the child has to say yes, you continue to ignore this. that is the point I am making, no child at the age of 9 is wise enough to decide whether to take their own life.

I am not ignoring it, I am saying I am okay with it because the child doesn't have the only say. The doctors know more about the disease a child might have than anyone else and know how much pain it might put someone in. That's why the Dutch Pediatric Association is backing it. They know exactly how much these kids are suffering. 

yes you should let them live instead of killing them based on how much pain they think they are in.

Which is one of the cruelest things you can do. You're okay with it because *you* aren't the one who has to suffer. The child is. What if you begged to die due to the extreme pain and sickness you felt and everyone refused and let you linger in agony?

 there is a chance of survival or pain reduction if they are still alive tomorrow, if they have been killed there is no chance of any of these possibly joyous and redemptive moments. a 9 year old cannot understand that, why I am saying they should not be able to say kill me. it very easily could be the worst pain of their life and they can't see an end, but a more wise and experienced person could realize their body might adjust and the pain becomes bearable or a new medicine could emerge making their final months/years very bearable, productive and joyful. a 9-year old just knows it hurts now and if being killed allows that to make the pain stop they might say yes without thinking about what that means or what it means to those they love, who will have to live with thinking "One more day and it might have gotten better" for the rest of their life

Very little chance. Especially for things like cancer and many genetic illnesses. There is a point where the body is so ravaged by disease that there's no going back, even if a miracle cure was found the next day. You're advocating letting kids spend their final moments in agony because of something that's extremely unlikely to happen. I've already showed you that doctors tend to be overly *optimistic* when it comes to determining if a patient is terminal and how long they have to live. They think a patient has a better chance of making it than they really do, not the other way around.

May as well spend your entire paycheck on the lottery with the mentality that basing your actions on something extremely unlikely is practical. Your stance is, "But a miracle might occur!"
 




 Prosthetics?  




  you don't seem to understand how normal birth control works, and you assume that any woman you could be in a relationship with would be an untrustworthy liar.

I actually completely understand the fear men have here. Women have an out: abortion. Which is a good thing. I am completely pro-choice. I think it should even be publicly funded. But men have no such out. One night of sex that results in a pregnancy could potentially ruins a man's life. 18+ years of child support right there if the woman chooses to have the child. If I were a man, I might consider suicide if that happened to me. 18+ years of a large portion of my paycheck gone just like that? Yeah, not doing it.

This situation is why I am so thankful to be female. Whether or not I ever have to pay for a child isn't nearly so up to chance.


 




 Well, many pro-choicers, both on Reddit and elsewhere, have told me that they are unwilling to deal with any risk of an unwanted offspring being born. Thus, I see absolutely no reason for me to be okay with any risk of this occurring. However, since I myself obviously don't have the option of abortion (and would never rely on any woman's word that she will get an abortion regardless of whatever promises she made to me beforehand) and consider the idea of abstaining from penis-in-vagina sex with all fertile and potentially fertile women to be both utterly unrealistic and utterly unacceptable, there is no other acceptable choice for me in regards to achieving this goal other than castration due to the fact that all non-drastic contraceptives and sterilizations have a failure rate.

I completely understand this. In fact, I am a proponent for "financial abortion" for men (with plenty of government support for women who choose to go on to have the kid of course. That should be available to anyone who has children and needs it).

Anyway, as I see it, it's none of my business. It's between you and your doctor. 




 Oooh, fun!

How do you feel about feminism?

It's fine if others identify as a feminist, but I find it unnecessary and consider myself an egalitarian.

If a stranger and your pet dog were drowning, which one would you save?

Dog. I'd feel bad for the stranger but my pets are family. It would be like letting my dad drown.

Who are you voting for in the next election?

Sanders. But since Hillary will probably get the nomination, Hillary. Better than the Republican option, I'm sure.

What do you think about Caitlyn Jenner? What about Chelsea Manning?

No opinion. Do whatever you want to your own body.

Are you an organ donor?

Yes.

What do you think about that girl at Colombia who was raped and carried her mattress around for the remaining duration of her education there?

That story is so weird I don't know who's telling the truth.

How did I do? 




 the child has to say yes, that is my point. no child can make that decision, they have no reference point or understanding of what death entails or what it can do to those surrounding them.

Which is why their parents have to be involved and they have to be assessed by doctors before euthanasia is allowed. You're acting like they're just killing kids who walk in and ask to be killed. The child isn't the only one who has to give consent. The parents and doctors do as well, and they *do* have the life experiences and knowledge to make that decision, especially the doctors who deal with terminally ill patients every day. The doctors know how bad off the children are when assessing them.

a bureaucracy should not allow small children to choose to kill themselves as small children do not have the life experience that allows them to make a decision on that. it's simply absurd

So just let them wallow in pain and agony until their terminal illness finally kills them even though a number of adults (many of whom care for patients and study terminal illness for a living) have to sign off on the euthanasia? *That* is absurd. 




  Because they just want to make trouble

Citation?

Looking at their website, they seem to be concerned with the fact that most suicides are men, that most victims of assault and homicide are men, that there aren't any male domestic abuse shelters, etc. 




 I'm all for a men's rights movement as a woman. 




 Terminally ill patients have recovered, but that's rare. In truth, doctors are more likely to overestimate how likely it is that someone will survive their illness and overestimate how long someone has to live.

http://www.nytimes.com/2007/03/06/health/06mbrody.html?pagewanted=print_r=0

And it isn't just the child making the decision. The parents have a say, as well as a team of doctors who assess the child.

the fact you think they can makes me wonder how many 9 year olds you have been around

Probably not as many as the Dutch Pediatrics Association, which says they should have the option. 




  The process by which they become this way is cruel

Isn't it just a birth defect? 




 Neither are minke whales, which make up the bulk of hunted whales. 




 Not every breed of whale is endangered. Minke whales make up the bulk of the breed hunted, and they aren't threatened at all. 




 The child would have to give consent before the euthanasia, though.  




 Should we just make you emperor of the world and let you make every personal and private decision for everyone? 




 They would all regret it, if they could.

You speak for dead people?

It's like bridge jumpers - every problem suddenly seems trivial, except the fact that you're falling of a bridge.

Many people attempt suicide multiple times before they finally succeed. Not everyone jumps and then wishes they didn't.

But we're talking about terminally ill children. Children who will die from their ailment. There's nothing that can be done for them. All they're asking is to skip the pain and suffering before the death.

They try to mask euthanasia in medications and psychology, but it's just as horrible to die from it as it is from a disease, it just comes sooner.

If that's how you feel, fine. Never choose anesthesia. But let others have that option.  




 We're talking about kids with terminal illnesses, meaning they're going to die. Period. Their disease will kill them.

They're just giving them the right to possibly choose to die earlier to skip the pain and suffering. 




 The child would have to give consent to be euthanized. 




 People over the age of 12 already have this right in the Netherlands. 




 The Netherlands has ratified the UN's human rights treaty that includes the rights of the child.

It isn't like the USA where children are considered to have almost no rights because they can't vote. 




 Because Nazis were all about ending suffering. 




  I don't see a lot of compassion in the medical practice when 24 year olds are being euthanized not because of terminal illness but depression.

I think people often have no idea how awful depression is. They think it's just being down in the dumps for a little bit. Think about how much people with depression are suffering that they choose death over living.

Also, depression often isn't temporary. It can be lifelong. I've had it for over 16 years and it isn't going anywhere or getting much better despite treatment. Look at the resent suicide of Robin Williams. He had depression for over 40 years. That never went away.

Depression can often be eternal and at some point, it's cruel to keep someone alive against their wishes. 




  But who decides what is a "terminal" illness?

People who have spent 10+ years studying the human body and medicine. 




 The 9-year-old understands the constant and terrible pain they're in.

These are *terminally* ill children. Meaning they will die from their sickness with certainty. 

They aren't asking to die with the possibility of 60 years of life ahead of them. They're asking to die to avoid days/weeks/months of agony that will end in death anyway. 




 These are children that are terminally ill (meaning they're going to die from their disease, end of story) and want to speed the process up because they're in unbearable pain.

If anyone, regardless of their age, is in such pain they're willing to die, that's very serious. 




 The Netherlands seems to disagree. 




 If they're terminally ill and in awful pain, it's probably pretty easy. 




 So, in other words, you're okay with keeping a child alive despite them being in pain and suffering 24/7. Even if they beg to be allowed to die because they can't stand the suffering anymore.

Besides, the Netherlands has ratified the UN's human rights treaty which includes The Rights of the Child. So unlike the USA, children in the Netherlands are recognized as having rights. 




 I agree here. 

Some might say a child is not equipped to make such a decision, but if they understand that death means they simply might not exist any more and will never see their family again but their pain is so great they still prefer death, I can't see keeping that from anyone, regardless of their age. 




 You're being downvoted because you have no idea what MBP is.

MBP is when a caretaker makes or keeps someone in their case sick to gain sympathy and attention. 

That's nothing like deciding when it's time to let go of your terminally ill and suffering child. 




 That's still nearly a third of your day, which is a lot.  




 This is why we need unions and Americans need to understand this. 




 Yeah, wanting to work 7 hours a day instead of 8 so you actually have time to enjoy your life is lazy. 




 Here here! 




 Sounds like a good way to lose your house. 




 No, it isn't. Doctors would have to be trying to get attention for it to be MBP. 




  There is a reason so many women died from pregnancy and child birth throughout human history.

Not to be nit-picky here, but young mothers isn't the reason for the high mortality rate in childbirth. It's lack of medicine. Also, young children having babies wasn't as prevalent as you would think. It certainly happened, but it was mostly among the elite. They married off their children as soon as possible. The age of marriage and parenthood for the common people was always higher. 




 I live in Ohio, and if I needed an abortion I'd be completely fucked. I'm on Medicaid because I am poor as hell, and Medicaid doesn't cover abortions.

And the $500-$1000 it would take to have one is quite out of my reach. 




  So why isn't the legal penalty for him to be raped? Maybe that would deter crimes like this more than a concrete vacation.

For most of history the punishment for crime has been brutal, but that never stopped anyone. Sierra Leone chops the limbs off theives but they have the highest rates of robbery in Africa. 




 I agree that the focus should be stopping rape, but the article is referring to the fact that the girl is pregnant because of it, and is being denied a possibly life-saving abortion. That's a problem in of itself and it does solve the problem of her being pregnant from being raped. 




 Suburbs of Columbus. 




 What is this subreddit for? I can't tell by browsing it. 




 Okay...that's terrifying. 




 I have little faith in Sanders getting the nomination. I expect Hillary to.

But I will take this time to enthusiastically support who I actually like, not just the lesser of two evils like Hillary. 




 The point is that if a Muslim had done this, they'd be called a terrorist all over the news.

A white guy wants to start a race war, and he isn't called a terrorist. 




 I don't know of anyone on the left as crazy as the people on the right. 




 Oddly enough, Jeb pissed my uncle off with the whole situation. My uncle is so anti-abortion he says the best gift a woman can give her child is to die for them in birth, stating he's against abortion even for life of the mother.

But my uncle considered this to be big government interference in a case that was already decided between husband and wife. 




 It's become popular to call anything a liberal does Marxist. 




 I'd want to know as soon as possible. 




 American here. I agree 100%. 




 Americans swear it's a mental health problem, not a gun problem but then fight universal healthcare that would help the mental illness problem. 




 Medical bills I couldn't pay ruined my credit to the point where no one will give me a credit card. 




 Oh yes, it does the same to women. 




 I'm on Lexapro. My clit is numb too. 




 I was 10 when I was put on Paxil.

My symptoms of depression were constant crying, worrying about people I loved dying, and thinking a lot about suicide. 




 I've been on antidepressants since I was 10. That's 16 years with no break.

I just remember how awful it was to be without them. They changed my life. I'm still doing pretty awful, but the pills help a lot. 




 Ohio, USA 




 I first heard my grandma tell this story. Apparently my aunt was about 4-5 years old, and came running from the garden, visibly frightened, and swore that she saw a little man come up from the ground in the garden. His skin was completely black (as in the color, not the race) and he wore a black suit along with a black top hat. 

He invited her to come down into the ground with him, but when he spoke she could see he had little black razors for teeth. At that point she ran away.

Now, grandma says she's sure my aunt saw something. She was too frightened to be making it up. My aunt says she vaguely remembers seeing something black in the garden, but puts the rest of it to shadows and an overactive imagination.

I'm not sure what to think of this. Anyone have any ideas of what it could have been? 




 I thought djinns were genies... 




  When sex is no longer fun and is about getting it over with.

But...I'm on antidepressants.

At least the rest of it doesn't apply to me. 




 Universal healthcare.

All the rich history. 




 At age 6, probably hanging out with my grandparents. 




 I have never seen anyone wearing that in public, and I hope I never do. 




 My sister does this, and wants the bottom of her shirt to cover her stomach. The problem is...she has huge boobs. I mean huge. So she keeps pulling her shirt down over her stomach and I swear one day her boobs will pop completely out. 




 Ugliest shoes in the world. 




 I don't hate specific clothes just for women, but in general I can't stand Crocs, flip flops, or pants that are stretchy on anyone. 




 Our economic mobility -meaning how easy it is to move out of the economic class you started in- is among the worst in the developed world.

http://www.decisionsonevidence.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/Economic-Mobility-Across-Developed-Countries.png 




  so why don't we just pay the same salary for all jobs

Whenever someone says something like this, that tells you you can ignore them because they have no idea what they're on about. 




 That's not what income equality is. Get off your rant about liberals and look into it.

Income inequality is when only the richest people ever see an increase in their income. CEOs and the like are making more and more of new money generated and the average person's income has stagnated. 




 I can't do that either, but not because of Pennywise. Because it just feels gross. 




 Don't care. I'd rather them be clean. 




 1) 'I hope I have enough money for rent this month'
2) 'I should start eating healthier'
3) 'Will I make this deadline?'
4) Global warming
5) 'Where are the bees going?'

TIL none of this is ever discussed on Reddit. 




 "Don't worry what everyone else is making."

Sounds like a good way to make sure no one notices when the rich get more and more of the wealth and it leaves the middle class and poor with less and less. It's getting worse year by year. 
























 Radical feminists have taken a real thing and twisted it around to suit their needs.

I saw a radfem accuse a man of gaslighting because he disagreed that she was raped. (She had sex when she was 17 with a 28-year-old) 




 I have Googled this but gotten different answers all over the place. Some say it's included in the antibiotics that affect birth control, others say it isn't.

I am using a backup form of birth control just in case either way, but now I am just curious. 

Related: I have begun skipping the placebo pills in the pack and starting the next one right away to eventually stop my period, at my doctor's suggestion (insurance wouldn't pay for Seasonique or anything like that), and now I have been bleeding lightly for 13 days. Is that normal in the beginning? I am 26 years old, 125 lbs, 5'6. 




 Pick his nose and eat it. 




 All fetuses start off female. 




 I am Pisces. Things that fit me:

Emotional

Highly sensitive

Afraid of ridicule

Dreamy

Doesn't fit me:

Good worker (I am lazy)

Artistic

 




 So...lock up someone who's innocent by law? 




 My dogs stay at home. But I don't have AC, so they're outside in the shade. 




 I read the dog died later of internal bleeding during surgery. Why would surgery be required for heatstroke? 




 Only if you're poor. 




 Locking them up treats them as if they're guilty. 




 They aren't guilty until proven so. 




 I'd say making someone live when all they're doing is suffering is twisted and ghoulish.  




 I'm 26. I've had depression since I was a child. I've been on medication for it for 16 years.

No, things aren't very different. 




 If it was my daughter or mother who's lived the life this woman has (depressed since childhood and institutionalized for years) I'd want them to do what makes them suffer the least. 




 She's been depressed since she was a child. This has been a lifelong struggle for her. 




 I've been on pills for 16 years and barely feel better. 




 She'd had depression since she was a kid.

It's just the past 3 years she's been institutionalized. 




 She isn't asking anyone to feel bad for her.

She's just through suffering and wants to end her life, and it's her decision, no one else's. 




 If you have a mental illness GET OFF YOUR ASS AND DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!111!!! 




 They aren't being killed on request. Patients requesting it are assessed, monitored, and studied before anything is done. 




 You do realize that these programs are monitored and the patients assessed, right? It isn't like you can walk into a room and ask a doctor to shoot you. 




 ODing on pills often involves convulsing, vomiting, etc.

Physician-assisted suicide is painless and quick. 




 She's had depression since she was a child. This isn't something new for her. 




 I've had depression for over 16 years.

I can understand this woman giving up. 




 She's been treated since she was a child, so this depression has lasted years. 




 And many people who attempt suicide later try it again and again until they succeed.

Not everyone who jumps regrets it. 




 It seems this is a last resort. She's been in treatment for it since she was a child and has been institutionalized. 




 She also has a team of doctors who have said it's a reasonable choice for her to make. 




 I haven't killed myself because I have some loved ones who I don't think could recover from it, not because I'm afraid of death.

Plus, I think if I died my cat would end up at the pound. 




 Everyone feels depressed sometimes, but there is a huge difference between the emotion that people sometimes feel and the illness. 




  If she were to be handicapped by a different disability like being paraplegic we would encourage that person that there is a way to work around the disability in life instead of agreeing with them that life is now pointless.

Well, I'd kill myself in that situation too. 




 There is something wrong. Mental illness causing suffering.

The WHO has said mental illnesses are among the most debilitating.  




 How would you know that? Her doctors, who have tried to help her again and again, have said it's a reasonable decision for her. They would know what treatment she's had.

Depression isn't always curable. 




 As someone who's suffered from depression for over 16 years...sometimes life isn't worth it. I've yet to experience anything to make the years of misery worth it. 

She's been treated since she was a child. She's been institutionalized more than once. If she feels she's been put through enough, I completely sympathize with her. 




 I've been on antidepressants for 16 years. I'm not better yet. Can I end it now? 




 She's not getting better.

Exactly. That's what I wish people in this thread would realize. She's been treated since childhood and institutionalized more than once.

They don't want to acknowledge that sometimes depression is so severe that it can't be treated property and it's cruel to make someone continue living with it. 




 She's been suffering since she was a child. As someone who's had the same experience, death is a better sentence than a life like that. 




 Funny, the WHO says mental illnesses are among the most debilitating. 




 She's been treated for depression since she was a kid and institutionalized more than once.

It might not have a cure in this case. 




 I'd certainly kill myself.  




 Mental ailments can be just as debilitating.  




 Because 9 more years of soul crushing depression is nothing, right?

She's been suffering from it since she was a kid. 




 People said someone who's been treated for years and institutionalized for years would be able to end their life when none of it worked and they were sick of suffering? The horror! 




 She's undergone treatment for years and has been institutionalized more than once.

At some point, you have to acknowledge that someone is suffering and isn't being helped. 




 Except this woman has undergone years of treatment and being institutionalized. At some point, you have to acknowledge that someone isn't being helped and it's cruel to make them keep existing. 




  Unless you have a chemical imbalance in your brain, it is always possible to change your outlook on life.

Which she most likely does. She's been treated for depression since she was a kid. 




 She has a mental illness. This isn't simply a case of not giving life a chance. 




 She's been treated since she was a child. It hasn't worked. 




 As someone with depression myself, I find death to be a lot less scary and difficult than life in any case. 




 They warned people with in-treatable depression would be allowed to end their suffering? Oh, how horrible. 




 And this is more selfish than forcing someone in constant suffering and misery to keep existing for your own benefit? 




 She isn't asking for your sympathy. She's asking for a release from a disease that's plagued her since childhood and it's really no one else's business. 




 Exactly. I'd copy and paste this comment a lot in this thread if I could. 




 Did you read the article? She's been treated for it since she was a child.

It isn't always as treatable as you think. 




 It's probably a chemical imbalance. 




 Damn mentally ill people, not pulling through like everyone else!

She isn't asking for your sympathy. She's asking for a release from a disease that's plagued her since she was a child and hasn't responded to treatment. 




  fucked up painful conditions

Depression fits this perfectly. This woman has had it her entire life and treatment hasn't worked. 




 It seems as though they've attempted to treat her depression since she was a child.  




 even though she does not have a terminal or life-threatening illness

Depression certainly is a life-threatening illness if severe enough. 




 I think they meant physically healthy. 




 I'm okay with it. 




 Spaghetti, sauce, Parmesan cheese, and juice. 




 William the Conqueror's granddaughter. 




 Citation needed. 




 Yep. And in one book, not only was Henry II Stephen's son, but Matilda had to high-tail it to Normandy the moment she learned she was pregnant so she could sleep with Geoffrey and Geoffrey would think he was the one who impregnated her.

I can see one crappy book doing it, but three? Just...why? Why do Matilda and Stephen have to be doing it? What's the attraction in that? 




 Well, GOT doesn't take place on Earth. So maybe their armor is really heavy. 




 Conservatives say "over-educated" all the time and I never understand why being educated is bad. 




 SRS is so annoying I enjoy having them around. 




 This is addressed in Striped Pajamas, at least!

The kid keeps asking what that weird smell is. 




  I can also buy that a child would make friends with a jewish boy, even though there were efforts to indoctrinate even children.

It's doubtful a child in a concentration camp would have been allowed to sit by the fence for hours on end and chat with the neighbor though. 




 I've never read the book, but I saw the movie. I thought it was pretty shitty and I rolled my eyes for the entire ending.

Forget the inaccuracies, it fails even as a good story. 




 Nah, it was the bat. Rasputin was innocent. 




 They can. A lot of those programs are run by religious organizations. 




 Dumbo was sort of progressive for its time though. The crows were very stereotypical, but they were also the ones who helped Dumbo fly. That's impressive for 1941. 




 Because a lot of gay and transgender kids end up getting thrown out of their homes by their parents. 




 I fear getting hit by a car because people fly down my road. 




 Egalitarian societies (early hunter/gatherers were relatively egalitarian) had marriage, so stop it. 




 Conservatives don't care as long as business gets the preference.  




 I'd agree, certainly. 




 No one is banning the sale of the flag. Businesses are choosing to no longer sell it. You can also fly it on your own personal property if you wish.

But it shouldn't be flown on public lands because it was used to keep black people down and spread hate and violence. Black people own that public property as much as you do. Their tax dollars shouldn't go towards keeping a symbol of their oppression flying. Would you support Germany flying the Nazi flag? It's *just like that*.

The flag was *created* as a battle flag and a rallying point for troops fighting to be allowed to keep black people as property. You're acting as though it already existed and they just used it. They created it specifically for use in the Civil War. It has no other origin or use before that. If you find pride in that have fun, but the rest of us know it was created for the sole purpose of fighting to keep other human beings as chattel. 

Do you really want your regional identity to come from the fact that you fought tooth and nail to keep others enslaved? 




 And people still insist it isn't about racism. 




 Some people will say it isn't up to government to regulate business, even to stop them from abusing their workers. "If they don't like where they work, they can go somewhere else." 




 It makes it possible to prosecute people who shouldn't have guns for having them.

As long as you aren't violent and can pass a background check, no one cares about your pistol or rifle. 




 I like to read historical fiction (I can ignore the badhistory for the sake of a good book as long as it isn't too absurd and the book is good), and I have noticed some details seem to get recycled from book to book.

For instance, I have read three novels about Empress Matilda. In every single book, her eldest son (future king Henry II) is actually the son of Matilda's rival, Stephen. Matilda's husband, Geoffrey has never a clue.

Why three different authors decided to include this bullshit, I'll never know. 

Carolly Erickson likes to make characters gay for the sake of it it seems. Most of her books are so bad I read them for the lolz. 




 I don't doubt that younger women have a higher risk for complications, but it's a misconception in history that women married extremely young. It certainly happened sometimes, but not as often as you'd think. For example, the average age of marriage for women in Tudor England was 25.

Most women weren't having babies under the age of 20. 




 You can acknowledge that things happened and acknowledge that they were bad.

But that isn't the same as apologizing for something you had nothing to do with. 




 No...it isn't the law to implement single payer. 

As for costs, single payer would cost less than what Americans are currently paying for healthcare. 




 An apology is usually a recognition that someone did something wrong and that they are remorseful. 

What's the point if the people who hurt others aren't doing either of these things? 




 It isn't illegal to casually photograph someone in a public place where they have no expectation of privacy. At least not in the USA. 




 Rule of thumb, if you have a device that is capable of using twitter, then you don't need more money

Eh. Laptops are pretty cheap now. I got mine for Christmas.

But I'm still poor. Minimum wage = ouch. 




 A lot of struggling artists put their stuff up themselves for exposure. 




 Let me answer these, as a woman.

ask him what he does before he leaves his house to avoid getting raped

Nothing.

Ask him what tactics he uses to keep his drink from being spiked.

None.

Ask him how many of his male friends have cried on his shoulder after being raped.

None, male or female.

Ask him which men's magazine has offered tips to escape a rapist. 

Men's magazines also don't share tips on how to avoid being assaulted in general despite men being more likely to be victims of general assault than women.

Ask him what areas/times he has identified as high-risk.

None.

Because women all have detailed answers to these questions.

I've just proven this to be BS. 




 What do you mean "proper tools to take care of themselves"? You still need medical care sometimes even if you take care of yourself.

And America currently spends more than any other country on healthcare despite having fewer physicians, hospital equipment, etc. Our life expectancy is below many other developed countries as well.

http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/health-costs-how-the-us-compares-with-other-countries/

Private, for profit healthcare is expensive. 




 This would be servicing 100% of the population, not a small percentage.

And we'd spend less than we currently do on healthcare now. 




 Yeah...would be nice wouldn't it?

Too bad we have conservatives in the way. 




 And despite our medical care being the best, our numbers aren't the best when it comes to life expectancy, infant mortality, etc. Those other countries beat us out on all of that. 




 Because moving is easy and cheap. 




 Do you think countries with single payer healthcare don't have nurses? 




 Should we privatize the fire departments and public schools as well?

If you can't pay the fire department, kiss your house goodbye! Can't pay for your kid's education? Hope they learn how to read some other way!

Americans accept socialized programs we already have, but healthcare is just too far? 




 I propose we start downvoting everyone who starts posting idiotic comments about "free" healthcare as though we aren't all perfectly aware it would come out of taxes.

If people want to debate against single payer that's fine, but if you just post about how dumb Americans are because "whoo whoo, free stuff for all, no one has to pay anything!" as if you're making a valid point, you're adding nothing to the conversation. 




 Countries with single payer have a higher life expectancy and cheaper healthcare than in the USA.

So yes, sometimes government is the answer. 




 Well, right now countries with single payer systems have a higher life expectancy and cheaper healthcare than in the US.

So our private, for profit healthcare is what's terrible at its function. 




 In other countries it's worked out great: higher life expectancy and cheaper healthcare than in the USA. 




 If you don't want government sponsored healthcare, you can still buy private insurance in a single payer system. 




 They didn't even implement it. 




 It costs less than the system we have now. 




 There are 300 million guns in the USA, but they haven't stopped most mass shootings. 




 And yet the US has more gun violence than almost anyone. 




 As if they can do anything to stop it anyway. 




 No one has to apologize for the actions of anyone else. 




 If you want to continue your life despite being miserable most of the time, that is your choice and it's your right to make it. If your dad does the same thing, that is his choice and his right to make it.

But if someone doesn't want to do that, it's their choice and it should be their right to make it. If you think life is worth it despite the misery, that's fine. But someone who decides it isn't worth it after treatment has done nothing but fail isn't incorrect in their decision either. 




 Sanders. Clinton is barely a liberal. 




 My nipples would be as hairy as a lot of men's if I let them go. 




 As someone who knows what it's like to suffer depression, I've always condoned suicide if the person really feels they have nothing left. 




 Okay, you told your story. Let me tell mine.

I've had clinical depression since I was a child. I remember thinking about suicide when I was 9 years old. I was put on antidepressants when I was 10, and I've been on them for 16 years. Nothing has changed. The antidepressants take the edge off, but the misery, despair, and pain is still there as much as it ever was. 

Things change? They do sometimes. And sometimes they don't. Look at the recent suicide of Robin Williams. That man had depression for *4 decades.* It never changed for him despite years of treatment.

Suicide when one is depressed isn't selfish or childish, nor is it an easy way out. It's a response to not being able to stand the suffering anymore. Would you judge someone who suffered constant physical pain so terrible they couldn't leave the house for one day deciding they've had enough? 

Mental illnesses are the one area where people judge you for not being able to take your disease any longer. 




 They're dangerous to people who can't be vaccinated because they have bad immune systems. 




 They way you view anti-vaxers is how elitists view free range parents.

I haven't heard of any medical associations pushing against free-range children as serious dangers to themselves or others.

Yes they chose not to vax their kid. Yes their kid paid the price. This is the real world. People die. Yes it was preventable. Most cases in which people die are preventable.

And many of those times, those preventable deaths are a crime when they involve negligence.  




 Burn them alive? No.

Put them in jail for child endangerment the same way we would if a parent hadn't put their child in a seatbelt and they died in a crash? Yes. 




 Diseases have killed and disabled far more people than vaccines have or ever will. So even if it were true that vaccines were that dangerous (they aren't), it would still be worth it to get them. 




 Except in this case, *people we disagree with* are guilty of child endangerment. 

Would you show respectful debate towards someone who refused to put their baby in a carseat? 




 Vaccines have killed far fewer people than diseases have. 




 I have no idea how women forget tampons. I have always been aware when I am using one. 




 Someone is about to complain about your use of a gendered insult. Be prepared to roll your eyes and remove it. 




 The concept of someone who owns property and rents it out to someone else? 




 Seriously...I was too horrified by the picture of the slaughtered dog to read the story. 




 Is it public for everyone to see? If so, no invasion of privacy. 
























 My parents told me I exist because my dad "sucks at knowing when to stop."

I guess they were referencing pulling out. 




 My boyfriend is 29 and still has it nearly every morning. Doesn't matter how often we have sex. 




 I was 22. Just over a year. 




 My boyfriend looks at Gonewild. I don't really care. 




 Every day. I love bathing/showering. 




 I call my cat a yellow bastard, an orange bastard, and a furry bastard. 




 I get that too. Dry humor. 




 That I'm quiet and don't smile. Yeah, years of depression will do that to you. 




 It turns out to be true, but isn't really relevant to today's unions.

Also, even then unions back in the day did far more good, even considering fucking up universal healthcare chances. 




 I'm pretty damn liberal, and even I admit this. 




 Sadly, I doubt that. 




 I'm poor, but hope to be middle class someday.

I'd happily pay the tax rates Scandinavian people pay for a society like theirs. 




  Unions are the main reason the U.S. didnt adopt universal healthcare like the rest of the developed world decades ago, because those fuckers thought it would take away from their "collective bargaining power."

Going to need a citation for that. 




 That's very much in debate by scientists. 




 Whether or not you understand pain has nothing to do with how well you can feel it and the suffering you go through. 




 Nope, that website doesn't exist either. 




 Her injury happened years ago and she isn't in pain now. 




 Except the brain of a squid is very close to the beak area. All the chef did there was chop off vital organs, so it's more than likely writing in pain. 




 Except the brain of a squid is very close to the beak area. All the chef did there was chop off vital organs, so it's more than likely writing in pain. 




 Are fish not animals? 




 Except the brain of a squid is very close to the beak area. All the chef did there was chop off vital organs, so it's more than likely writing in pain. 




 The brain of a squid is very close to the beak area. All the chef did there was chop off vital organs, so it's more than likely writing in pain. 




 I don't have any emotional attachment to you. Can I torture you? 




 Except the brain of a squid is very close to the beak area. All the chef did there was chop off vital organs, so it's more than likely writing in pain. 




 The brain of a squid is very close to the beak area. All the chef did there was chop off vital organs, so it's more than likely writing in pain. 




 Except the brain of a squid is very close to the beak area. All the chef did there was chop off vital organs, so it's more than likely writing in pain. 




 Except the brain of a squid is very close to the beak area. All the chef did there was chop off vital organs, so it's more than likely writing in pain. 




 Except the brain of a squid is very close to the beak area. All the chef did there was chop off vital organs, so it's more than likely writing in pain. 




 I think the ban on gendered slurs is the stupidest fucking thing. 




 Don't really want to go into detail, as people from real life know my username. 




 Not really, since the majority of military roles aren't combat. 




 I don't give a shit because sports suck. 




 Did't they call their families to say goodbye and told them what they were going to do? 




 More gay people just started coming out. Before that they stayed closeted.  




 Same. It doesn't help that I have horrible depression and anxiety and tend to ruminate a lot. 




 Math. You'd be amazed how bad I am at it.

Whistle. 




 In the middle of the most traumatizing period of my life. Since October. Don't know if it'll ever end, even with therapy. 




 Since custody is more often awarded to mothers, that skews that numbers quite a bit. If custody was awarded to fathers most of the time despite the father's ability to care for the child being non-existent, we'd end up with dead kids then too.

The best thing to do would be to award joint custody in every possible situation unless one parent is clearly irresponsible. 




 Could Indian laws be different? 




 I personally believed Cosby did it, but as we never had any definite proof, I never called for his head.

I last heard Cosby's lawyers said the women willingly took them, not the victims. 




 https://sites.udel.edu/thereview/2014/10/12/dr-jill-mcdevitt-famed-sexologist-comes-to-campus-talks-virgins-and-sluts/

This is as close as I could get, and even that's almost nothing. 




 Funny, I don't remember too many people saying, "These women are lying." I remember them saying, "I wasn't there, so I don't know what happened."

For the record, I believed Cosby did it, but as we didn't have definite proof, I never called for his head. Now that he's admitted it, try him. 




 I was talking about the government flying the flag, not private citizens acting like idiots and committing crimes. 




 They're bombing clinics to cause fear and panic among the people who work and go there.

Using violence to cause panic and fear is the damn definition of terrorism. 




 We've actually been waiting since the 1960s.

The Confederate flag didn't go up until the south decided they wanted to protest the civil rights movement. 




 Reasons for risking life and limb varied, but they usually came down to four fundamentals: uphold state sovereignty, regional duty, group solidarity and protection of home and family.

Except their constitution made it illegal to ban slavery in any state, so there goes state sovereignty, regional duty, etc. Say one day Alabama decides they don't want slavery anymore. Too bad, they can't ban it. Where's state's rights now?

The notion that the average Confederate waged war to preserve slavery is a tenuous one at best. Only 6 percent of Southerners owned slaves, and 3 percent of those owned the majority. Recruits themselves referred to the war as "a rich man's war and a poor man's fight."

Data from the 1860 census shows us that 47% of the entire lower south, and 29% of the upper south consisted of slaves. That's a lot of people. One third of southern households owned at least one slave. Mississippi and South Carolina boasted bigger numbers. It was almost 1/2 of households there. 

I think the "rich man's war and poor man's fight" comes from the fact that it was the rich that made their living on slavery. Your average household just had a slave or two to do daily chores. Households would just have to do their own housework if slavery was lost, but rich plantations would lose their entire way of life. And of course, the rich could pay for someone to fight for him. A poor man could not. 




 Have you read the declaration of sucession by any of the states? They came right out and stated it was about slavery. Texas even talked about how the "negros" were inferior and being beneath the whites was their natural place.

The Confederate Constitution also banned any state from outlawing slavery, so there goes state's rights. 




 PG? Damn it. There's no reason why it shouldn't have been rated R. The books were for kids, but everyone who grew up with them are adults now. Make it really disturbing! 




 This sort of thing is why some students should be allowed on the school board. 

"You're teaching us BS, stop it." 




 It was probably from the 1860 consensus. It was very common for households to have a few slaves.

It was mostly the rich though that had owned the plantations and hundreds/thousands of slaves to make their fortune. That's where the rich/poor divide comes from.

The Confederate Constitution also made it illegal for states to outlaw slavery. So much for state sovereignty.  




 The Confederate Constitution made it illegal for any confederate state to outlaw slavery.

It was all about slavery. 




 True, but it isn't the Democrats who have tried the Southern Strategy since then. That's the Republicans. 




 Have you ever read any of the states' declaration of secession? 

They make it pretty clear it was slavery. Texas even goes as far as to say blacks are naturally inferior and belong under the power of white people. 




 This is how we get people who deny the war was about slavery. 




 Spacefm doesn't work for me. It gives me a blue page that's more or less blank. 




 People need to learn not to touch wildlife unless they're in danger. And even in that case notify your local department of natural resources if you can instead of touching them yourself. 




 I don't know why anyone would let themselves be put into the situation where they have more than one small child at a time. Except for twins or something, of course.

Having one sounds difficult enough. 




 I know there are sites aplenty for the different weeks, but I'm looking for something more detailed. Maybe showing half weeks or even day to day.

I myself am not pregnant, this is just for a project. Thanks! 




 When reasonable, yes. Reasonable restrictions on rights aren't trampling them. 




  say publicly that you'd like to see the president hung etc

I think you are allowed to say this. You just aren't allowed to say you're going to hang him or say someone else should hang him.

But since you think we should be allowed to say whatever we want, what should happen if someone knowingly accuses an innocent man of molesting a child, and an angry mob kills said man? Should the one who knowingly falsely accused him be punished? If so, that goes against your free speech ideals. That's slander. 




 Knives and chains would still kill less people. 




 You already compromised on the Bill of Rights.

You can't slander or libel. There's free speech and freedom of the press. You usually need a permit for protesting or assembling in public. There's freedom of assembly.

All of these are restrictions on the Bill of Rights. 




 So which of Bernie's proposed solutions would stop you from getting a gun for protection provided you can pass a background check? 




 Except gangs would get into a lot more trouble for having guns, which puts them in prison longer. 




 Was making slander illegal ripping up constitutional rights too? After all, free speech.

Reasonable limits on rights isn't ripping them up. 




  I guess I shouldn't be surprised that a weapon is more important to you people than free healthcare, education and higher minimum wage

This is America. We have a gun-shaped hole in our brains. 




 Are you allowed to slander someone? No. That's a restriction on the 1st amendment.

There's already balance in constitutional amendments like this. 




 And they can be arrested and thrown in jail when they're caught. 




 Are you allowed to slander someone? No. So there's already restrictions on the bill of rights. 




 This goes for men and women. If someone won't get off you, they're assaulting you. 




 My boyfriend has been doing this since we began dating (2.5 years) and it hasn't killed our sex life.

We still have sex that's enjoyable for me as well.  




 Usually let him do me really quick so I can roll over and go to sleep in peace.

My boyfriend is good at pestering me about it until I just decide to shut him up. 




 And they weren't considered the property of another person, for another thing.

Not sure what you think this has to do with the argument though. What does child labor in the north have to do with states admitting slavery is why they were seceding?  




 Children were paid for their work (however little) and you weren't allowed to kill them, for one. 




 No, they shouldn't. But they do. So now what? Shove them back in? 




 And yet you don't need to be well disciplined or trained to have a gun (which would be regulation), so we aren't even following that ruling. 




 Many states admitted it was about slavery when succeeding from the union. Texas even went as far as claiming black people were inferior and thus their natural position was under the foot of white people. 




 If someone is getting parental leave, the time for abortion has passed. 




 And the people who already have clearly just need to shove them back into the mother's cootch. 




 Most other countries are capitalistic as well. Having to provide benefits to the people who work for you to keep your company profitable and working isn't mutually exclusive with capitalism.  




 I was told not to drink soda or drink from a straw until 24 hours had passed after my surgery. But my boyfriend was told not to do these things for a week after his were done.

The procedure was Friday. Do you think I'd be okay to drink from a straw or drink soda yet? 




 You made a claim with nothing to back it up. How do you know "well regulated" doesn't actually mean regulated in a government document, but "well-maintained"?

In fact, the word "regulate" comes from the Latin *regulatus*, which means "to control by rule." 

It's been known to mean "to govern by restriction" since the early 1600s.
 




 The original documents of the Confederacy show they were going to war for slavery, not because they thought the federal government was over-reaching.

Our position is thoroughly identified with the institution of slavery  the greatest material interest of the world  a blow at slavery is a blow at commerce and civilization." -Mississippi

"In the State of New York even the right of transit for a slave has been denied by her tribunals..." South Carolina (talking about how owners weren't permitted to bring their slaves with them into New York)

"We hold as undeniable truths that the governments of the various States, and of the confederacy itself, were established exclusively by the white race, for themselves and their posterity; that the African race had no agency in their establishment; that they were rightfully held and regarded as an inferior and dependent race, and in that condition only could their existence in this country be rendered beneficial or tolerable." -Texas

 




 Explain. 




  It's actually pretty simple:
 Someone that causes there to be more guns: pro-gun.
 Someone that causes there to be less guns: anti-gun.

There's fewer varieties. Manufacturers are making as many individual guns as they ever have, and Sanders hasn't stood in the way of that. You're acting like there's guns missing because there weren't assault weapons. 




 His voting record on guns doesn't bear out that he's pretending on this issue. 




 When it comes to a war about a state's right to keep members of a certain race as property, yes, it is. Surprise, surprise.

People who insist the war was about states' rights never mention exactly what that right was, because they know what it was. 




 The Confederate flag was created for an army that was fighting solely to keep human beings as property. It didn't exist until they created it specifically for the purpose. 




 This would be like if regions of Germany still insisted on flying the Nazi flag and said, "Hate Jews? Nah, we're just celebrating our heritage." 




 I like how people insist it was about states' rights but their train of thought stops at exactly what right that was. 




 the people fought for states rights.

...states' rights to keep slaves. 




 No one is saying idiots can't fly the flag on their own personal property. 




  The issue was about liberty and self determination.

Unless you were someone's property.

IF it was solely about slavery, we would not have needed the civil rights movement, and or we would have shipped the former slaves over to africa to be with their people.

Explain? 




 Well, they're right.

An economy based in slavery. 




 and you don't like that, don't work for them.

So you'll be paying for everyone to survive while they pass up employers they don't want to work for? Because a lot of people have little choice in who they work for. 




 Most of those countries don't make the employers pay the full amount. It's a government program. 




 I wouldn't move here either. 




 Yes. Every single other country has leave. America is 1 of 2 that doesn't. 




 Parents get the time off so their child can get the attention they need. Babies that are very young need a lot of care.

The first issue is that people see children as someone's burden instead of an investment in the future. Having well cared for children is important for a society. 




 The first issue here is that we look at children as someone's burden instead of an investment in the future. 




 Obviously the answer is to shove the child back into the mother's cootch. 




 Many families would not be able to stay afloat with one parent quitting their job. 




 So all countries except the USA and Papua New Guinea are socialist republics? 




 I'm not sure you know what propaganda is. 




 When I was around 19, my wisdom teeth began coming in. They hurt, but that's normal. Except it became obvious after awhile they were impacted. I read online that if they're painful for more than 6 months, they're likely impacted and it's time to have them removed.

When I told my mom this, she rolled her eyes and said, "They'll come in. Believe me, your mouth is big enough." That's right. She thought the fact that I was mouthy had anything to do with whether or not there was room for my wisdom teeth.

Well, I knew they were impacted, but I was still in high school at this point and didn't work, so it wasn't like I could pay to have them taken out. Two years passed. I had various infections where my teeth were trying to come in and lots of swelling, but they always went away at some point and I was still having trouble finding a job, so I just left them there. I tried to tell my mom how much trouble they were causing me, but she kept saying wisdom teeth are painful and she wasn't paying to have them removed when "nothing was wrong."

Well, one day three of them got infected at once. The pain was so intense that I couldn't so much as move my tongue without pain radiating from my teeth to my ears to my throat. I drooled into a towel instead of swallowing my saliva. It's to this day the worst pain I've ever felt.

At this time my dad took me to the dentist, FINALLY. Mom was still insisting this was normal, BTW. The dentist was shocked to see how long we let the problem go without seeing anyone about it. The removal was painful as hell (they couldn't get the infection to go away before operating, so they had to do it while my gums were inflamed). 

The dentist said my last remaining wisdom tooth wasn't impacted and it would come in. He turned out to be wrong, but at least I had 3 of the 4 removed.

Who doesn't mind seeing their kid in extreme pain to save on dentist bills? That's my mother! 




 The entire winter is double blanket month for me even when the furnace is working. 




 I remember getting excited when I could smell the Spam was dad was frying! 




 My sister and I didn't go to the doctor nearly as much as we should have when we were little. Too expensive.

And seeing a dentist? Your tooth better be literally killing you. 




 Food stamps? 




 Isn't it $250K? 




 This is my boyfriend's foot. He's 29, 5'8, about 190 lbs.

Several hours ago he kicked his foot against the corner of a cabinet. This is how it looks now. He's going to see a doc tomorrow if it doesn't get better, but how does it look now?

http://i.imgur.com/WFWZetT.png

http://i.imgur.com/yRQnDLp.png

 




 I had no idea who Victoria was until 2 minutes ago. 




 Penpal! It's quite long but quite good. 




 She's been treated for depression since she was a kid. 




 They've been treating her for years, and she's done. 




 For fuck's sake.

That's all I can say about that. 




 Good rule of thumb: Take ma'am out of your vocabulary.  




 Miss is actually anyone who isn't married. Or used to be, anyway. 




 When I heard someone refer to me as "the woman at the desk" at work I was shocked. I still think of myself as a girl! 




 Miss. 




 He wasn't saying, "You imagined it," he was disagreeing that the event was rape. 




 Never understood the appeal of Mario. 




 Disagreeing that someone was raped years ago isn't intentionally trying to make someone doubt their perceptions or memory. 




 17 is past the age of consent in many places. 




 It isn't on request because it isn't given out to anyone who wants it. A team of doctors have to agree it's in their best interests.

And why can't you take someone seriously because they don't fear death? 




 It isn't on request. Patients who want to die this way are monitored and assessed before given the go ahead. 
























 I've never acted any differently on my period that I know of. 




 That certainly isn't the norm though.

I went into shock having my wisdom teeth taken out, but that isn't too common. 




 I sometimes dread sneezing because I know someone is going to say, "Bless you," and I'm a bitch if I don't say, "Thank you."

I'd rather everyone just ignore my sneeze. 




 Apparently a colposcopy can be similar to the pain of being kicked in the balls. I told a guy once about my experience, and he said, "Hey, that sounds like getting kicked in the balls!" 




 Your whole body doesn't shut down. That would be going into shock, which is life threatening. A lot more men would be dying from a kick to the balls if that were the case. 




 Women can have something similar. Sexual stimulation leads to some swelling, which can cut off part of the urethra. It makes it more difficult to urinate.  




 Pedophilia involves an attraction to prepubescent children. 13-year-olds are not prepubescent. 

 




 Sierra Leone publicly mutilates thieves, but continues to have the highest rates of robbery in the world.

You'd think history would teach us something about this. Mutilations and death were popular punishments, but the past still had very high rates of crime. Much higher than today. 




 TIL giving them treatment to stop them from molesting kids is telling them it's okay to molest kids.

 




 Public mutilations and executions do nothing. For instance, Sierra Leone publicly mutilates thieves but they have the highest rates of robbery.

All executing pedophiles would do is make treatment impossible, so more children would end up being molested in secret.

You'd rather feed your bloodlust than applaud a treatment that works and stops kids from being harmed. 




 Being happy that a treatment for pedophiles is working is supporting pedophiles and it's disgusting? LOL okay.  




 Pedophiles would quickly learn what was going on and not seek treatment. Now we're back to children being molested in secret instead of pedophiles being treated to stop them from doing such things.

In short, you'd rather feed your bloodlust than actually stop any children from being molested. 




 TIL being happy that a treatment for pedophiles works and stops them from abusing children makes you disgusting. 




 No. Being sexually attracted to children is not a crime.

However, acting on those urges is. If a man tells his therapist he molested a child, then the therapist has to tell the cops. 




 TIL being happy that pedophiles can seek treatment so they don't give in to their urges and hurt a child is...bad? 




 Support to pedophiles *getting treatment.* 




 Countries where they publicly execute people have the highest rates of violence.

The death penalty deters no one. 




 Except correction hasn't worked. They get out of prison and abuse kids again.

What has worked? Medical treatment. 




 *Federal* cemeteries. These are plots owned by the government.  




 If you want to get ahead, America isn't a great place to come. Our economic mobility (the ability to move from one economic class to another) has been declining in recent decades. 

http://www.decisionsonevidence.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/Economic-Mobility-Across-Developed-Countries.png

People from very poor countries might try to come here, but to really get ahead, the following countries will give you better luck: France, Spain, Japan, Germany, New Zealand, Sweden, Australia, Canada, Finland, Norway, and Denmark. Denmark is the best country in the world to get ahead. 




 They're citizens. That's all they need to deserve the aid. The richest country in the world has a responsibility to its citizens, especially since we elected them in. 




 Income equality doesn't mean that everyone makes the same amount of money. It means that everyone experiences growth in their income. 

For instance, say Walmart's CEO's income goes up 5%. A cashier's income should go up 5% too, since their work helped make that happen. The CEO is still making a lot more than the cashier. 




 I just like to control every aspect of their lives, good or bad! 




 It's against Reddit's policy to ban subreddits solely for their content though, as long as it's legal.

That's not saying they can't change that policy if they wish, but it's hypocritical to make that claim and then ban subreddits for content. 




 Reddit has an official policy regarding free speech though. They don't ban subreddits solely for content as long as said content is legal. 

People who like to say "a private company can censor whatever they want," in regards to Reddit don't seem to know it's official policy for them not to. 

Redditors who bring free speech into it are referring to that policy, not because they think Reddit doesn't have a legal right to censor whatever they please. 




 Just because someone jerks off to something doesn't make it porn. If I masturbate to photos of clouds, is it porn? Or am I just a weirdo who gets a sexual thrill out of innocent things? 




 Definition of porn:

 the depiction of erotic behavior (as in pictures or writing) intended to cause sexual excitement

And the Supreme court has ruled that nude photos/videos of children are legal as long as they aren't sexually stimulating.  

Look at the movie Pretty Baby. It had a full frontal shot of a 12-year-old Brooke Shields nude. Romeo and Juliet from 1968 has nudity from a 16 and 17-year-old. American Beauty had a shot of 17-year-old Thora Birch's boobs. None of those movies will get you arrested for child porn. 




 What makes something porn is the intent of who created it. 




 I didn't mention Creepshots. 




 That's for the Supreme Court to interpret, as the Constitution does not specify. 




 It isn't porn at all unless it was taken with the intent of being sexual.

There's a photo of me when I was 16 in my bra and panties sitting on the couch because it was easily 100 degrees. Not porn. I was just sitting there in my underwear. Does it become porn if someone jerks himself to it? 




 I'm an egalitarian, and I use both women's rights arguments and men's.

It's very possible to be a reasonable MRA. They just attract a lot of redpillers. 




 I must be in the minority. I have never felt unsafe doing anything as a woman. 




 Generally, which is fine with me because I am so sore by that point.

He takes a long time to come.

He does try to finish me off before he comes though. 




 I think it would be really uncomfortable.

It's funny though. I was just thinking the other day that despite being part fish, mermaids have to be mammals because they have boobs! 




 Thanks for the info! But do you know why they say there is a margin of error of a week (even 8 days) if there is that much a difference in the fetus between weeks? 




 Jailbait wasn't child porn, at least from what I saw. They were jerking off to pictures of teenagers in their underwear and bathing suits, but that isn't porn because the photos weren't taken with the intent to be sexual.  




 They do have real world value. Look at how many people are clueless when it comes to history, for instance. They insist the Civil War wasn't about slavery (seriously, reading the declaration of secession of those certain states tells you it was, so people aren't even studying the issue on their own) and they have no idea that the Confederate flag was put up in the 60s on government buildings to protest the civil rights movement. People flat out oppose unions and government regulation because they have no idea what it was like before we had those things.

General education makes people more well read and aware of the world around them. 

Trades are great and should be subsidized, but education isn't useless and valueless if it won't land you a job. It's important for your voting population to be educated. 




 Trade schools are meant to train you for jobs, not college. College is for general higher education and critical thinking. 




 The Constitution does say the federal government does have the right to look over the general welfare of states. 




 He won't, sadly. 




 Trades are supposed to train you for a job, not college in general. College is for general higher education and critical thinking. 




 Free speech doesn't cover advice on how to commit a crime. That's illegal. 




 I'm *pretty* sure that's illegal.

I am an advocate of free speech, certainly, but advice on how to commit a crime is just illegal.

I just looked at one of these forums, and I'm pretty sure they're trolling. One post was by a woman asking for tips on how to get raped. 




 I really don't think my mood is any different at any point in my cycle. 




 I give 0 shits about Nintendo, but I see no reason to believe he was a bad guy so RIP. 




 Mentally ill people just need to grow up! 




 They gave the names of the people involved. This one is real. 









 This makes me wonder why people put co-workers and bosses on Snapchat. 




 I love my boyfriend, so more sex than I need is a better trade off. 




 I have no desire to get back at my ex. Grow up, people. 




 Should you be able to have their shit checked, their teeth checked, and ask them for a list of their medications too? 




 I have a much lower sex drive than my boyfriend, but I know if I don't put out he could find someone else and I don't want that to happen.

So I make sure we have sex several times a week, unless I am sick or something like that.

Talk to her about it before you consider breaking anything off. All my boyfriend had to do was talk to me. 




 http://www.dsausa.org/what_is_democratic_socialism 




 Sanders is a democratic socialist, and wants to model countries like Finland, Denmark, the Netherlands, Sweden, Norway, etc.

All those countries practice democratic socialism. 




 So doing nothing because a video took place in the past (therefore making doing something impossible) is worse than laughing and cheering at said video because you enjoy the suffering of people? LOL okay. 




 It should really depend on how drunk.

I've been drunk and consented to sex. 




 And what did you think of it? 




 I feel the same way and I hate kids. 




 The FBI changed their definition of rape, and they're federal. 




 They're probably talking about this:

http://i.imgur.com/cIiJ1Sy.jpg 




 http://i.imgur.com/cIiJ1Sy.jpg

I think they're talking about this. 




 If that helps you sleep at night. 




 I mourned the deaths of several children, I did not cheer because they died. 




 Looks like the kid shouldn't have had the phone to begin with.

Let your kid play with your phone to reward them for being good, not to placate them so they won't scream. 




 Sitting at your computer cheering them on is the same as standing there and cheering them on. 




 "Horrifying?" More like justice served.


Love these videos. I'd much rather them tied to a post and burned at the stake old school style cause I've always wanted to see that.


You spelled satisfying wrong.


I never thought I'd say this, but I literally can't watch this video and had to turn it off. ( because I have to go start dinner. I'll be back to enjoy it later).

 




 So you commented on what he said without knowing what he said because you don't care? 




 Setting kids on fire while watching, cheering and laughing?

People in this very thread were doing the same thing from their computer chairs. 




 I haven't looked into Divergent yet, but IMO Hunger Games has nothing on Harry Potter. HP's characters are much more distinct and thought out, and the fantasy world is much more interesting.

 




 Hunger Games, Twilight, and 50 Shades don't have the plot intricacies and the imaginative fantasy world of Harry Potter, though. 




 Insulted, sure. But it's a bit rich for someone who can be 100% certain that their child is theirs get angry because someone else wants that certainty too. 




 I am tired of attention.

Says the person who took a photo of themselves on the toilet. 




 Because egalitarians don't care about any of that! 




 That's a pretty rude thing to say to your kid, but I get the general attitude. 




 I worked at Wendys. We did not do this. 




 I don't think this is illegal. You asked what you could get for $10, and they willingly gave you the amount they did. 




 I order water at fast food restaurants and then fill the cup with soda.

Yes, it's theft, but as I just paid you $10 for about $2 worth of food, I don't feel guilty. 




 ETA: And all the weirdos who think it shouldn't piss off your pregnant wife if you demand a paternity test.

Geneticists have estimated that 10% of men are unwittingly raising kids that aren't theirs, so a paternity test is a very reasonable request.

http://www.canadiancrc.com/Newspaper_Articles/Globe_and_Mail_Moms_Little_secret_14DEC02.aspx 




 I read that dating ultrasounds during and before the 13th week are pretty accurate because fetuses are growing at the same rate at this point, but the margin of error is a whole week, some say 8 days. 

Is this margin of error accounting for slight differences in the CRL of each fetus, slight mistakes the tech might make (millimeters are very tiny, a mouse click too soon or too late could throw off the measurement), or maybe both? 




 Because no one in Europe makes decisions about their own lives. 




 Democratic socialism =/= socialism. 




 Well, the people who ruined it were the ones who created it. It was created as a battle flag for the Confederate army. It was always racist and aggressive. 




 They seem to be missing the part where Jake was drunk too.

Why does the woman get to have sex with a drunk person? 




 Hopefully someone gave up their claim to the $50K and just threw her into a river. 




 That's fine, but you'd be wrong then if you went around claiming slavery was illegal.

There's no opinion when it comes to legal definitions. I think it's stupid that a 17-year-old in porn is considered child porn, but I can't claim it isn't because it's a legal definition. 




 Other civil rights are already restricted. You can't protest in certain areas. You need a permit for assembly if you have enough people. Slander and libel are illegal. 

It's just when it comes to guns that people think rights should be completely unrestricted because Americans have a gun sized hole in their brains. 




 Because what we need is untrained people walking around with hidden guns. 




 Birth control is a medication prescribed by a doctor. It isn't a condom. 




 We need to do away with this horrible healthcare system, but for now, this is a good thing. 




 He has given literally billions to charity. 

But again, his point is that his income needs to be in a higher tax bracket. 




  One thing that has always bothered me about Warren Buffett is how he went on and on about how he needs to be taxed more. No one is stopping him from giving the government more money.

His point wasn't that he personally should be taxed more as much as it was that people who make the amount of money he does aren't taxed enough. 




 There's the thing: Congress is allowed to tax you to create revenue for the government. It's in the Constitution. 

Now, you're allowed to vote for who most shares your ideals. You can vote for someone who believes tax dollars shouldn't go to the poor. That counts as your say in how that revenue should be spent. 

Saying people shouldn't be "forced" to help the poor in this manner is the same as saying people shouldn't be "forced" to pay for the roads. 




 It isn't a matter of opinion. For one, theft is a legal definition. The Constitution gives Congress the right to tax. So it's legal, thus not theft. 




 I don't think a lot of those are her. 




 I had armpit hair at 10. 




 It isn't too uncommon for girls to start their periods at age 8 these days. 




 The Desitin keeps it itch free mostly. 




 TIL Greece is socialist. 




 That's actually the most interesting comment I've read when it comes to this whole Arianna Grande affair. 




 83% of the USA identifies as Christian.

Shut the hell up. 




 Huh, I didn't know being a ho could land you in jail... 




 I was told I am not privileged by this test.

Apart from being poor as hell and having mental health issues, I don't think it's that bad. 




  if people just love them because they're breaking the law and passing out free stuff.

This. I admit it. 









 Last night I discovered I have a yeast infection, probably from the antibiotics I am on. I put on some Desitin and I'm waiting for it to go away.

My last YI was two years ago, and that went away as well. I've never gone to the doctor for one.  




 Spraying him with a spray bottle. 

Wait...you did say cats right? 




 Oh believe me, I'm voting for him.

But sadly, don't expect him to get into office. He won't. 




 Heated driveways. 




 Last year I worked in retail, and I was out in the parking lot getting the carts. We had been closed for about 15 minutes. It wasn't unusual for cars to stop by close to me and ask if we were closed around this time, so when a red car did so I didn't think it was strange.

He rolled down the window and asked, "Are you guys closed now?"

I answered, "Yep, 15 minutes now." 

Usually the cars drive off at this point, but this guy (I honestly can't remember what he looked like, since I didn't think it was weird at the time so he didn't stick out) asked, "Could you come here for a second then?"

I have the carts lined up now and I don't have time to deal with a customer who I've just informed the store is closed. I just want to get my tasks done, help my co-workers with their tasks, and see if we could get out out of there in a hurry. 

I tell the man, "No, sorry. I have to get these carts up to the store so we can lock the doors." 

He insists, "I just have a question, it won't take a moment to answer. Can you just come help me?" 

I'm a little unnerved by this, but I just say, "Sorry, I can't," and begin to push the carts to the store. Thankfully he just drove away.

The scary thing is that when I got up to the store, the front doors were locked. They weren't supposed to be locked until everyone was done working outside for safety issues just like this, but sometimes they got locked early for some reason. I pressed the buzzer that let the manager in the office know I was outside, and she let me in. 

But if that guy had gotten it into his mind to stay in the parking lot and saw that the front doors were locked and I was stuck outside, what then? Would he have tried to abduct me?

I was still unnerved, but not really shaken or disturbed. The full impact of what could have happened hit me when I got home. I always told my boyfriend about any weird or annoying customers I encountered during my shift, and when I told him about this, he asked, "Did you tell the manager?" 

I said no, and he scolded me. "The guy was an obvious creeper, and you didn't think to tell anyone?" He even wanted to alert the police, but I didn't see the point because the only thing I could remember about the car was that it was red. I couldn't even tell you what type it was. The man's features weren't really distinguished at all either.

Maybe nothing would have happened and the guy didn't realize how creepy be was being, but in any case, I'd rather not meet again. 




 I'm almost 317 months! 




 While I see nothing morally wrong with older teenagers (15+) taking nudes of themselves, it's pretty dumb to encourage someone to break the law. 




 I never liked math. Even in grade school. 




  Funny enough, boys are falling behind in reading and writing but we never encourage them to become more involved in literature and writing.

Because literature and writing, while being important and valuable subjects, don't bring in the money.

I'm pretty much stuck being an office assistant my entire life because the only college majors that earn you any money are basically math and science...my two worst subjects.

Oh well. At least office assistants make more than fast food workers. For awhile I thought that's all I had in my future. 




 I wish history majors made money. If it did, I might actually not hate every job available to me. 




 Exactly. I find science fascinating, but it gets to a point where it becomes too much work to study to be fun. 




 Let's make up a character, then claim that's why females aren't into math and science as much as males! 




 Male sperm are that weak. Female sperm can take anything! 




 It should have gone like this, "Hey, George, good to finally get a hold of you! Have you decided to speak at the event? Huh? You require $100K to do it? To speak to veterans who fought in a war you started? Yeah, fuck you." 




 In 2012, we were 2nd worst. Now we're 6th worst.

I'd judge this claim as partially true. 




 TIL getting a fairer wage for your work is free shit. 




 I'm not paying a delivery fee for a $1.29 purchase, so it won't. 




 The Romanovs. 




 Jared Fogle isn't charged with anything yet. 




 My dad once thought it was appropriate to wake me up in the morning for school in his underwear...yeah. I guess he thought the room would be too dark for me to notice. 
























 Men have nipples. 




 If I ever get my anxiety under control without meds, sure. 




 Knew what that was right away. 




 I've been on Tri-Previfem for about 3 years now, and it was my understanding that it's supposed to stop ovulation. However, I still get all those ovulation symptoms: change in cervical fluid, change in cervical position and firmness, cramping on one side, etc. Just like I did before starting BC.

I haven't gotten pregnant so it must be working, but I really think I'm ovulating as well. 




 ...blood is sterile?

Let's hope this person doesn't work in healthcare. 




 Excellent example of why I refuse to call myself a feminist.

I want nothing to do with you whack jobs. 




 Tatiana was the prettiest of Nicholas II's daughters. 




 ...that was the point. 




 I've never understood the desire to insult people, but to do it nicely.

If you're against hurting someone's feelings, don't insult them at all. Cutting "ableist" language out doesn't make it any better. 




 These are the same people who want subreddits they see as dangerous to be banned. 




 As a woman I feel I have no business questioning men who skipped out on the draft, but I tend to make an exception for Republicans since they seem to be more willing to start wars. 




 I can see why. 




 And which medical school did you go to? 




 It certainly can be a hereditary mental illness as well. 




 Alimony should be extremely temporary. Enough for the spouse who didn't work as much to take classes, learn skills, etc. so they can support themselves.

Getting a check from your ex for the rest of your single life? No. 




 We've had sexual problems in the past. I'm HL, she's LL. Before, we've had problems in having consistent, regular sex more than once every 2-3 weeks. Recently, we've made progress and had sex twice a week a few weeks ago. But that was several weeks ago.

I'm really LL, but me and my HL boyfriend are exactly the opposite. We have sex several times a week, and I agree to it just so I don't have to deal with him pestering me about it. Having sex for 1/2 hour (he lasts forever) is preferable to listening to him say, "Hey, touch my dick" for an hour. We've only gone a month without sex once, and that was after I had a painful medical procedure and was unable.

I also didn't dare try to put it off on his birthday. I just gave in without any resistance. He'd never hurt me, but his anger and the pestering would have been multiplied by 5, I'm sure. Easier to just give in.

It isn't him. He's good at sex. I'm just on anti-anxiety meds and would rather do math homework than have sex some days.

I don't really have any advice for you, I just noticed that my experience is quite different from most other peoples' on here. I give in while other women (and some men) just refuse to have the sex. 




 Yes. 




 My boyfriend's foreplay is saying, "Hey, touch my dick."

This sounds better. 




 One of my "friends" did this exact thing on Facebook. 




 Baby in Latin is infantem. Fetus is Latin for offspring.

But we're talking medical definitions. 




 You can't force them, but you can tell them they aren't adhering to their own policy. If they aren't adhering to it, they should remove it. 




 If it's inside the mother, it's a fetus. That's the definition of the word. 




 Smoke and barely brush her teeth. 




 Drink a lot of soda. Both doctor and dentist said to cut it out. 




 20 weeks? That's 5 months. The fetus can almost survive on its own at that point.

I'm okay with this, assuming the woman's life or health isn't at risk. 




 Well...he's right.

Apologies should only be given if the person means it. Otherwise there's no value in an apology.

Trump's an idiot and he should go away. 




 I swear, I thought Kodiak bears were extinct... 




 https://www.reddit.com/r/CoonTown/comments/3dm4h8/i_have_no_where_else_to_vent/

I was talking about this. 




 Sadly, I think they should declare her dead. I bet she didn't survive a week after her abduction.  




 Same here. I am 26 and refuse to ride them since then. It was *at least* 17 years ago. 




  Because a private website should be forced to host that kind of shit.

Reddit has a "free speech" policy. They aren't being forced to host anything. 




 I believe he posted a photo of himself with his username. He was black. 




 My dad needed that sign when he forced me on a roller coaster. 




 I was probably an annoying shit as a child too. 




  Like, dozens upon dozens of generations before you had kids so you could exist

They didn't have kids so further generations could exist. They had kids because they needed extra hands on the farm, because there was no reliable birth control, because it was expected of them, and maybe even a few times because they wanted kids.

But I seriously doubt anyone was thinking, "Gotta continue the line for thousands of years..." 




 Then after that you have a toddler waking you up. 




 But then your boyfriend wakes you up by humping you.

That's how I woke up today. 




 Do you have the same standards for men? 




 I understand why men have this fear and it's valid, but I've always resented men who look down on women for sleeping with them on a first date, for admitting to having many sexual partners before them, etc yet they don't see anything wrong with doing these things themselves.

It's fine to be concerned about the paternity of hypothetical children, but don't be a hypocrite.  




 Periods, and good bras being expensive. 




 Pretty often. It's amazing I don't get dehydrated.  




 I don't know why other women have an issue with this. 




 This vagina owner agrees! 




 I agree with the top part, but not the bottom.

If the genders were switched, men would take advantage of it too. 




 Australia. 




 When your water breaks, you still have plenty of time before you deliver.

You're telling me this teacher couldn't get to the hospital in a couple hours? 




 I think the doctor was a popping lover too... 




 "It was a busy yet fun day and we're happy you could be a part of it!"

My place of employment had this: It was a busy, yet fun day, and we're happy you could be a part of it!

I didn't think that could be right. 




 Of course some restaurants have those machines, but they aren't more common in Europe/Australia than they are in the USA. 




 Sounds like a nice way to end up homeless.

Most people don't choose where they work. You apply and interview and hope to god one of them hires you. 




 Obvious that this guy is in politics as an attempt to make people pay attention to him. 




 So why does someone deserve to afford a treo bedroom house simply for showing up for a job.

Trio bedroom? Try one bedroom. They still don't make enough.

Minimum wage jobs are designed for people who are in school or live with their parents.

Minimum wage jobs aren't designed to do anything except perform a service for a business, just like other jobs.

People who d don't need to rent. If you make minimum wage a career wage look in the mirror instead of blame the evil rich people.

Maybe the average rich person isn't to blame, but the fact that America's economic mobility has been going stagnant for decades certainly is. 




 The average McDonalds worker in Australia makes over $24K a year. In the USA, the average McDonalds worker makes $9,600 a year. 

If they're paid more they might be more inclined to give a shit about your pickles. 




 $15 is an attempt to get it to where it would be if min. wage had kept up with inflation. 




 Why aren't cashiers and fast food workers in Europe and Australia being replaced, then? Their minimum wage and/or collective bargaining means those companies pay them quite a bit more than here to do the same job, but companies aren't bringing robots in any faster than here. 




 And even if they did...so what? It was still their decision to make. 




 TIL people in countries with single payer are pointing guns at their healthcare providers. 




  The problem you highlight is a critical one that absolutely must be addressed. When we look at things purely based on profitability or cost effectiveness, we put people's wellbeing at risk. This is especially an issue in healthcare.

We can't have single payer income, doctors will be less rich!!!

Honestly, doctors in single payer countries do quite well. It's a non-issue. 




 First statement is reasonable, second one is quite out there. 




 They're paying for their own healthcare too. That's how taxes work.

That's like saying, "I have a smaller paycheck to pay for people I don't know to have access to the fire department." 




 Do these parents not bother to ever tells their kids about strangers? At 6-7 I knew to scream my head off if someone tried to take me away from my parents. 




 A seemingly unspoken rule in the chat is that whenever two rpers got together, their characters did too, so we role played all kinds of coupley cutesy stuff in the chat.

Not to take away from how terrible the story is, but that's adorable! Of course, it's only adorable if two kids are doing it, not one kid and one adult.

I had an online boyfriend starting from the age of 15. He was 18. I got lucky in that he really was who he said he was. It's been over 10 years now and we're still Facebook buddies.  




  Eating in a restaurant alone is apparently weird.

...it is? 




 I don't believe there's anything in the Muslim religion banning women from driving.

Saudi Arabia is the only country that did. All other Muslim countries allow women to drive. 




 So if I don't have kids I'll have money by the time I'm in my 30s?


...you promise? 




 A tortoise isn't a mammal. 




 Can't it be both? 




 Instead, spend the money on sterilization. 




 I'm voting for him, but I give him a 0% chance of winning. 




 So what if we're in a car, and we crash. The accident is your fault. Should I be able to force you to let me use your body to support mine, since it's your fault I'm in this condition?

The situations and conditions don't matter. In all circumstances, you own your own body and no one else is allowed to use it without your permission. If you insist otherwise, you're saying a fetus has rights no one else does. 




 A little less than half the women in this country are pro-life. 




 Late term abortions are illegal in most states except for cases that endanger the woman's life, so it's time to let that go. The vast majority of abortions occur long before the fetus has any real nervous system to feel anything. Late term abortions are also expensive and hard on the woman's body, so women aren't getting them for fun.

the number of jews killed by hitler doesn't even approach this historically.

Because a forming fetus without a nervous system is the same as 6 million Jews. lol okay.

oh it's the shipping cost. ok then

If they were selling the parts for money, they'd be getting a lot more than $30-$100 a specimen. In fact, PP wouldn't be in such need for money all the time. 




 I was watching porn once and found myself more impressed by the bathroom they were in than the sex.

I was 20. 




 Why do people have more than 1 kid if this is what it's like? 




 Can't feed 'em? Don't breed 'em!

...enter contraception... 




 Absolutely 100% of that was stupid. 




 Goodbye. 




 I see that you changed your mind down below, so I'm not really talking about you anymore, but I wish people thought about this before they ran their mouths.

Planned Parenthood has funding problems. They depend on private donations because many states have laws that tax dollars can't fund them.

If they were able to sell fetus organs, they wouldn't be in such dire financial need. 




 It's okay because the only person who owns the woman's body is the woman. The fetus has no right to use it against her will.

Say that I am in a horrible accident and need your blood and organs to survive. Should I be able to force you to support my body with yours? 




 They have to give them away for free if they do give them away. That's the law. 

However, the costs for shipping and handling items marked as fragile can be high. Not to mention the measures it takes to preserve the specimens and store them properly in transit. That takes money. 




 If you want to look at aborting fetuses as killing babies, that's your business, but PP isn't selling the organs. In the unedited video, the PP doctor says, It has to do with space issues, are you sending someone there who is doing everything, or is their staff, what exactly are they going to do, is there shipping involved or are you coming to pick it up.

She's likely outlining the costs for shipping and handling items marked as fragile. Not to mention the measures it takes to preserve the specimens and store them properly in transit. That takes money.
 




 That's not what the comment was saying.

You must be from SRS. 




 Hell, even a condom isn't 100%. I got pregnant despite the use of a condom. 




 Honestly, I feel that trust in this issue is a bigger risk for men. Women can abort, but if a woman gets pregnant, a man's hands are tied if she chooses to keep it.

Of course, I know not all women have access to on request abortion in the USA, and that's an issue that needs a lot of work, but I've always felt privileged in this matter as the one with the uterus.  




 I haven't either.

I don't doubt sexism exists (against men and women) I just haven't felt that I've ever been treated badly or condescendingly because I'm a woman. 




 Nero's a cat. I named him after the cruel and terrible emperor. He lived up to it right away. My boyfriend says he's the worst behaved cat he's ever seen. He causes so much trouble, makes huge messes, and pretty much does whatever he pleases without regard to the consequences (ie, a spray bottle). 

But he's so cute!

http://i.imgur.com/r6kLWOy.jpg 




 All sorts of ways. The most mild form is cutting the clitoral hood, the most severe is cutting off the clitoris and sewing up the vagina.

I don't know which form they practiced. 




 Yeah...pretty sure my boss requires all 3. 




 My boyfriend likes to say this is because all the dumb ones were killed off by natural selection over the years.

Then he likes to say say that our hypothetical child will only have an IQ of 108 (average of 113 and 103) and shake his head while glaring at me.

Yeah, we like dark humor. 




 Professional Jew? I giggled. 




 Ethiopian Jews also circumcised their females. 




 It's funny. Up until age 23, I had met two Jews that I knew of. All the way back in elementary school. Then when I was 23 I met my boyfriend. Then I met his family. Suddenly I went from having met two to 15+.

I was shocked to read that the Holocaust brought the world's population of Jews down 0.6%. That's crazy. I knew they killed a lot of people, but I had no idea it was *that* bad. 




 I believe they're counting ethnic Jews as well, which includes children that comes from a Jewish father. Biology doesn't care about religious belief. 




 Sounds like that second woman should be reported to the police. She seems to have lied in court. 




 I had to look that one up. I LOLed. 




 Wow...she's a lot smarter than I was at 6. 




 I've encountered this before on Reddit and online in general. "You're a woman? Then why would you subscribe to men's rights and why wouldn't you be a feminist?"

It's as if they can't believe that someone can support and fight for men's rights and women's rights at the same time. Egalitarians exist. 




 Yes. Why wouldn't he? 




 Didn't know just removing the tubes was a thing.

Can you still have periods? 




 In that case I agree. 

Simply believing in god doesn't make someone mentally ill. My grandmother is a committed Christian and one of the best people I've ever met. I've never heard her use religion as a rationale for anything. 




 That's kind of gross, but I do think people overreact when it comes to this topic.

We've all seen messages on Facebook that say, "Take all photos of your children down! Pedophiles are stealing them and using them to masturbate!"

That's a pretty absurd moral panic. For one, how would you know this? Two, pedophiles don't need photos of your kids. They can do a Google search for "children" and have all the pictures they need. Three, if you're that terrified that a pedo might jerk off to photos of your kid, why take your kid out in public at all? Pedos might snap a photo without you knowing! Better keep them inside! 




 The vast majority of roles in the military aren't combat, so there is plenty for women to do. 




 Israel drafts women, as well as Norway. 




 Hopefully this will go somewhere. I've thought this was BS since I was 16. 




 Okay, SRS, let's explain this to your slow asses once again.

We do not make laws based on what we find icky. We base laws on what hurts someone. Drawing pictures of sexy children isn't illegal because it isn't hurting anyone. It's icky, but isn't hurting anyone. Taking a photo of a child meant to be sexy is hurting someone, so that's illegal. See how it works?

 




 I did it too, then it said I had to sign into Facebook to get the result.

I told it to go fuck itself. 




 My IQ is above average? Really? Humanity, we're in some serious trouble. 




 $44? At Subway? Christ. 




 Same here. 50s housewife would be pretty good for me. 




 Low self esteem, really bad at STEM subjects, can't drive very well, and I'm emotional. Also, horrible sense of direction. 




  after eating the toast.

You're kidding right? 




 Getting rid of them is hard though.

We have traps and a cat, but they still love to hang around. 




 Poor mouse. Horrible way to die. 




 Why is dissent un-Democratic? 




 No one has *always* banned child pornography. 




 I have seen absolutely no one defending child porn here. 




 The Act on Punishment of Activities Relating to Child Prostitution and Child Pornography, and the Protection of Children, which was around in 1999, stated child porn was illegal and those found guilty could face 5 years in prison.

http://www.japaneselawtranslation.go.jp/law/detail_main/?printID=ky=workre=02page=18vm=03id=100

So this is very confusing. 




 The OP mentioned in a post that it's just an office, and the boss said they could have whatever food they wanted. 




 Pneumonia, sepsis, appendicitis, and I'm sure my precancerous cervical cells would have turned into cancer very fast. 




 Fatpersonhate subscriber here! I've always admitted we're being assholes.

But I enjoy it so. 




 I knew my boyfriend trusted me when he left his phone unlocked around me.

I never touched it. 




 His name is actually John. 




 I will *never* work 80 hour weeks. Hell, I won't work 50 hour weeks. 40 is my limit. If all you do is work, what's the point to living? 




 Did you read OP's message in the forum? It's a public office, and the boss has said they're allowed to bring whatever food they want.

OP's coworkers are trying to make everyone follow their rules but they don't own the office. 




 Jews don't believe in Heaven or Hell, to my knowledge. 




 This is an office, not a religious institution. If they are that worried about other employees not keeping kosher, they can go work somewhere religiously affiliated. 

His coworkers have no right to tell him what he can have at lunch. He has just as much right to eat whatever they want as they do. 




 I'd openly eat pork really loudly in front of him. 




 Damn it, mine never get that big and beautiful! 




 This should be something you can call the humane society for. 




 Farm animal are exempt from a lot of animal cruelty laws, sadly. 




  The vast majority of southern soldiers had no slaves

Common misconception. 1/3 of households had at least 1 slave, as shown in the 1860 census.  




 And Germany should proudly hang up a Nazi flag for every dead Nazi! 




 "Meanwhile, the National Park Service, administered by the U.S. Department of the Interior, asks us 'Please Do Not Feed the Animals.' Their stated reason for the policy is because 'The animals will grow dependent on handouts and will not learn to take care of themselves,'" it said.

Not a good comparison. First, make sure the animals in the woods have very little food between them and the smaller ones are often left with nothing.

Then it becomes more accurate. 




 Even Umbridge was an interesting character. 




 Much like when men had to protect women and tell them what to think for their own good, right? 
























