 thanks 




 They'll recycle it, I'm sure of it. And Hillary's army hasn't even got started yet.  




 what are you doing to Silva's thumb? 




 is there a comprehensive list of where Sanders will be? I'd like to go if he comes to my hometown 




 They lost their coach and many players. Their QB isn't playing up to expectations. The three teams in their division are better.  




 did someone play my mix tape?  




 a lot can happen from now and next november  




 while it's reaching to take something out of context that he wrote before most of us were even born, I'm sure it won't stop Hillary's Pac's from using it 




 If he wins Iowa and New Hampshire his chances become real. 




 He doesn't have the same mechanics bruh! It's apples and oranges.

Just look at their footwork and releases.  




 He's pure. The only thing I have heard negative about him so far is he wrote some erotica like 40 something years ago. When they try to catch him by calling him a socialist or wanting to raise taxes etc, he doubles down on it and wins. 














 For a a short QB they won't pay more than Cam Newton? you're overpaying 




 The best I can do is WR Jaron Brown and a second round pick.  




 it's not the colbert report, it's stephen colbert 




 it's not the colbert report, it's stephen colbert 














 It's a typo. They listed him at [6'7](http://search.draftexpress.com/profile/Anthony-Brown-6222/), which means they rounded up from 6'6 1/2. If he was 6'8 1/2 with shoes they would have listed him at 6'9. 














 It would be funny if Trump got the nomination by accident.  




 I'd enjoy that fight. 




 Conor will finish Jose quickly and everyone will lose their minds.  




 You know, there are other routes besides your veins to get hydrated quickly.  




 Trying to understand your writing hurts my brain.  




 imposibru  




 I dunno why people are hating on you lol. I gave you an upvote but it appears your count is going to keep getting lower and lower. Haters gonna hate.  




 Jinx. Now he's going to LA.  




 Jalen Rose was turrible.  




 The Lakers signing somebody, be it Gasol or Aldridge or somebody else. 




 Or San Antonio?  




 Is it just me or does it appear that 4/5 of these candidates just want to make a name for themselves more than actually planning to win the nomination?  














 I actually think he'll be an all-star in a few years.  




 Lakers?  




 There's substantive issues to take with Clinton, but they focus on nonsense.  



















 Please let him be the Republican nominee!  




 What if my religion is against straight marriage? I want to impose my values on everyone! No more straight marriages!  









 You're right. She could have grown. She should embrace that angle and tell how republicans they can do the same.  




 Totally. You can't use your religion to impose your morality on other people. What if my religion is for gay marriage? Your religion can't impose its  values on laws of the land over mine.  




 Hillary used to say marriage is between a man and a woman. But now apparently she's LGBT supporter #1. 

She's an opportunist.  



















 We are unfortunately the minority.  




 Why not strip Aldo? Make it so only Conor can become the champ if he wins.  


































 Stop subjecting yourself to fox news and stop with the CAPS. 




 You don't understand what fascism is. Having health insurance is tyranny? So, is having to have car insurance tyranny too?  














 Consideration segregation ended decades ago, I think they can let go of their segregation flag.  









 what happens if Aldo doesn't make weight but Conor does?  




 The Suns not making any moves and drafting another player who will ride the bench. 














 I'm gonna say no to 99% of the population in regards to your question.  




 playing politics  




 God, I hate Ellie as a Suns fan.  




 The protesters were on the money. He knows he has 0 chance of winning. He just wants to get his name out there for future jobs like lobbying or Fox News.  














 9.9ppg for CSKA Moscow

better watch out 




 Maybe this tweet somehow changes the King's owners thought process that was going to have him make one decision, and he ends up making another one 




 he has to throw an off speed pitch so when he hits us with the fast ball we feel it 









 the butterfly effect bruh

this very seemingly insignificant event could alter the fate of the entire off season  




 no code lol 









 Morris twins, 13th pick, and a 2017 Miami Heat first round pick.  




 noooo 









 I heard a lot of negative hype about Amare before the draft. Once he started playing summer league, I knew he was going to be d dominant rookie. He was.  




 me? please don't associate me with bjpenn dot com, it's like the worst website in the history of websites, it is the leach of mma websites 

I love BJ, but his website is appallingly bad 














 haha! 




 "great"


hahaha, nah, I'm good 









 let's hope they use this video in the few debates there will be 




 how about that play button that makes it look like a video? but it's just a link

i wish websites could get cancer 




 BJPenn dot come will surely clickbait it 




 That's a great young man.  




 I'd rather have him Congress than as a VP that Hillary will shove off to the side while she's taking her husband's advice.  




 Bernie will have to attract more minorities and women in order to have a chance at pulling off the great upset.  














 he's trading boogie because he's black?  




 i'm still waiting in case anyone wants to give me an example where people live without taxation  




 So, please educate me where on earth there is a place a person can live without taxation? I'll wait. 




 Don't be so small minded. There are some things we need to do collectively.  









 I'll be voting for him 100% and I'm talking to many people I know and trying to get their vote too.  









 really? how do you figure? i think a narrow field would help her challengers because the non-hillary votes are split up among fewer candidates  









 Love Makwan, but he isn't ready. He should try beating someone with a wikipedia page first.  




 Maybe he missed every ethics meeting ever?  




 If the ACA unravels million of people would stand to lose health insurance. Many of them would be in red states. I think if Republicans get their way on defeating the ACA, it will assure Democrats take the Presidency and both the House and Senate.  




 Sanders is the only moral candidate.  




 You realize the Bush administration set us on a death spiral and the Obama administration brought us back, right? Sanders would bring up the middle class. You know what people in the bottom 50% do with money? They spend it. His rebuilding infrastructure alone would do wonders for the economy. Millions of new jobs and many positive externalities.  




 Paul wants a flat tax. Neither will happen, unless congress goes pure red or pure blue. Does this take away from the fact that Sanders would be the best President possible for 99% of Americans?  









 Len is garbage. Pick 13 is likely garbage. The two other picks are likely not worth much either. Bledsoe is all we'd really be giving up. 




 Bledsoe, Len, pick 13, 2016 first round pick, 2017 Heat pick. 

Interested?  




 centers seem to have the highest bust factor 
























 all you gotta do is copy paste the top paragraph in google and go to the story that way and no pay wall  









 it's about momentum, those 6 count for a lot more if they set the tone  




 you should watch DS9 and see what you think then, check [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CC1vSKTX5SQ) out 




 did you forget about [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Orj5rNe5AEE)?  




 Because they are owned by the same corporations that own Clinton and Bush.  




 Granted, we don't have deep pockets like Hillary's banks, but we average like $40 and there are more of us every day. I'm ready to vote for him in the primary. 




 It says gymnasium, not oven. 




 His brother is a politician in England :) 




 You should reconsider your views on socialism. Learn more about it. 




 What if I told you Sanders's positions are aligned with the public more than Paul's was? And even more than all the so called mainstream aka corporately owned candidates?  




 I was wondering where the photonic cannon was in the finale against the borg. 














 why? if he's performing no reason he can't go another term 




 he wrote that think like 40 years ago, he's old, he too far left, etc etc BS 




