 To also be boring; George R. R. Martin has actually disclosed the general plot points and ending of the series/characters to the producers/directors (can't remember which), in respect to their efforts with the show, his slow writing and advancing years. 




 Furbys. Back when they first came out, it seemed I was the only one in my school that didn't like them (and didn't talk in their ridiculous annoying voice in everyday life). 




 I agree with the duck face part, but the occasional selfie is acceptable (especially when done right with a group of friends/genuinely interesting situation (I.e. With a respected celebrity (I'd be happy with a selfie with Hugh Jackman, Emma Watson or Daniel Radcliffe myself))) 




 There's this one about a Jewish carpenter and his dad a few years back that always cracks me up... 




 Are the DS and 3DS consoles region-locked?

And secondly, can you play DS games on a 3DS (obviously I know the game wouldn't be in 3D)? 




 Either;

-Guy putting glass jar up his anus and it breaking (lots of blood)(ouch),

-Same guy putting a screwdriver down his urethra (even more blood)(double ouch)

 




 It was the first fictional character that I ever created, and I almost always use him as my username now-a-days. 









 Thirteen.

I'm not upset nor proud of it, but there more than a couple that I regret. 









 Roller Coaster rides,
Injections,
Answering my first call as a Samaritans Volunteer. 









 [Request] Can anyone make one of these for me if I give them the pokemon list? I'd love to have one but I'm absolutely shocking with computers (not to mention that I'm backpacking at the moment so all I've got is a shitty little netbook that's about ten years old).

http://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/2rqpg1/finally_found_a_template_that_is_specific_enough_d/cnjfexq 




 I didn't get a computer or internet access until (estimating here) 2002/3? So when I started playing Pokemon I didn't have that benefit. Not to mention I wasn't aware of a "walkthrough" or "guide" website that early on (obviously I may be wrong). 




 You have inspired my girlfriend (a doodler herself) and I, I'm just about to set it up to get her first number! :) 




 Any of my brethren that have been around from the beginning of the video game series, do you feel nostalgia for the times when all the answers weren't available instantly online (i.e. when we didn't have the internet)?

I miss the rush of discovering a new technique or finding out a new Pokemon in an area (or even going off to the Game store to buy the guide, which still never held ALL the answers). 




 THAT'S how repel works!? I never knew! 




 Having not played past Black and White, I'm getting this just from what I can glean from Serebii (can't find a definitive guide to it).

So you put up a Pokemon or a whole team?

And you get a random single Pokemon or a random whole team? 




 What is the repel trick? 




 Playing through White at the moment, only just reached the first set of doubles grass, and am staying there to grind up my Drillbur.

Wanted to know if anyone else grinds, and to what extent? (Or do you just rely on type advantages to see you through the gyms?) 




 Full time writer. I've got two short stories published and a third being published later this year, but I'd love to be churning out short stories all the time, writing comic and tv/movie scripts and writing a novel or two a year like some professional authors that I know (google Dan Abnett, for example). 




 I know I'd regret it as it progressed, but I'd give it a go, just for the experience. Plus if the comments so far are anything to go by, I'd be uncommon as a guy who had elected to have a child! 




 My childhood bedroom.

From since the youngest I can remember until the day my mum and I moved out, I would NEVER sleep facing my bedroom door. I knew, and not thought, KNEW that there was something in my doorway, and that if I turned over whenever I woke up in the night that it could come in and get me.

It always "felt" evil, or malicious if you prefer, and I'd always wake up to the sound of the hallway floorboards creaking (the hallway ran parallel to my bedroom). My I told my mum and dad (when he still lived with us) they both said it was next door walking up or down their own hallway (our house was semi-attached, and our hallways were parallel too). The only problem with that theory was that I'd played in that house all my life - I knew the difference between the floorboards creaking because of someone walking down our side or theirs. And it was most definitely our side (the two steps down halfway along the hall were loose on our side, they weren't on their side - I know because the neighbour on that side babysat me fairly often).

So, yeah, I was scared of whatever that was. 




 Our interests are very varied, but we also don't want to limit ourselves - we want to try new things and do odd tours and such. Anything weird and wonderful is a bonus, as is cheap!

We'll be starting in Sydney, heading slowly up to Cairns, we've planned for a month, though we don't have any ideas of how long we'll spend where. 




 What do you think is the least popular Pokemon?

Once upon a time I would have said Magikarp, but because of it's useless nature, and of course it's evolution, everyone seems to like the little guy now.

So there's the question, who do you think is the least liked/used Pokemon? 




 I'm that far behind that I've firmly decided to restart when I do get properly back into it.

I'll play Fire Red/Leaf Green and go from there (unless GameFreak reboot Gen I again to bring it onto the DS cartridge so that the entire series is on that format). 




 So, from another thread I created, I vented a little about this issues. TOO MANY LEGENDARY POKEMON!

I've no idea what GameFreak were thinking in generations 3/4/5 (10/13/10 legendary pokemon added respectively), but now there are a total of 46 "legendary" pokemon, most of which you can't actually get in-game without trading (or special items from events/downloads).

I'd like to see some of them downgraded from legendary status, to reduce the number (to thus make the title of legendary mean something once more), and maybe in the next generation have them all available to capture in one way or another without having to have special access to things. I know it's to increase interest and revenue in some cases, but it's so annoying.

I'd propose having a couple in the usual places, he iconic/game centered legendary in the main dungeon/dungeons (like Mewtwo, or Lugia, for example, in their respective games), and have the others available via different achievements or quests.

Like when we had to solve all the puzzles to make the unknowns appear, or complete similar puzzles to get at the Regis.

Keep the dogs (and the -ion pokemon from B/W) roaming, but make them appear only during certain months, or seasons, to make it more feasible.

Make a journey through a series of complicated and dangerous/challenging islands with Pokemon restrictions or something to access some of the legendary birds.

Just stop with the ridiculousness! 









 I'm going to go ahead and be the outcast - Bianca.

I like the fact that her character has some real-world issues revolving around her, with confidence and her Dad's over-protectiveness. It brings a more likable aspect to her, and gives her so much more depth than Cheren's character, who seems to be the same old mold rival aspect - wants to win against you all the time, thinks he's better than you at first etc etc. 




 DON'T TELL ME! lol As I said I haven't played anything past Black and White, so have no idea what Delta Episode is, and want to remain that way (I will play them all some day!) ;)

Glad there is some up points of them re-releasing 3rd gen then, aside from the graphics and mechanics update. 




 I hope they won't have a "final" game, as I hope Pokemon will never end (yes I understand that'd mean a hell of a lot more Pokemon to catch, even more than the crazy number there is currently), but I'd hope that they could do like a ongoing game?

Like you pay for the cartridge, and every year or two they release an update for it (with ongoing monthly patches to repair any bugs etc), that unlocks a new region and pokemon, and updates the older one/ones to keep them fresh too. 




 It's ridiculous, epecially when you look back at the numbers;

1st Gen - 4 (Total 4)
2nd Gen - 5 (Total 9)
3rd Gen - 10 (Total 19)
4th Gen - 13 (Total 32)
5th Gen - 10 (Total 42)
6th Gen - 4 (Total 46)

6th Gen looks like they've finally realised what they've been doing and reigned themselves in, but jeeze, what happened in 3rd/4th/5th!? 




 So I've seen some commenters with Pokemon avatars in their pokeball symbol when they comment...how do I get me one of these!? 




 I played them all up to B/W, didn't have the money to get the sequels and here I am, super behind on everything! 




 I'd love to play BW2/X/Y/ORAS, but alas I'm backpacking around Australia so don't have the money to spare (or a 3DS if I did get the games!).

I've heard a lot of good things about the newer gens, and the graphics look unreal.

I don't remember 4th gen as much as I remember 3rd, and what I remember about 3rd gen is a whole lot of faffing about (if I recall correctly). 




 I'm interested, how old are you? Also how do you feel when you hear about the older games, that you hadn't played prior to Y? 




 I love Gold and Silver best, adventure-wise. It boggles my mind that GameFreak haven't made a game since then that has two regions in it. It gave so much more depth to completing the elite four - instead of "oh, I've done the elite four, all that's left is to grind them repeatedly until my pokemon are completely high levels and I've caught every pokemon" it was "man, now I've got a whole new area to explore, new challenging gyms and a beefed up E4 to take on! I loved that about it. 




 Exactly! This is the kind of thing that makes me feel old! Legendary back then meant something...Mewtwo, the birds, hell even Dragonite was semi-legendary because of the appalling amount of work you had to put into getting it so late in the game (unless you cheated and game cornered it).

Nowadays (shakes broom/rake) there's so many "legendary" pokemon now the name is just a by-word for "end of game super-pokemon", "current game mascot/icon" and/or "downloadable content only". 




 Twice - first I moved across the country (UK) when I went to university; half of the decision to go to uni was to escape my old life and explore a different me. I was MUCH happier.

The second time was November last year - My girlfriend and I have flown to Sydney (where we still are) and are working on a Working Holiday Visa to travel around.

Both times have been really refreshing for me, especially meeting all the new people who don't know you, and don't have any preconceptions about who you are or what you're like. It's a great feeling of opportunity. 




 I'm 25, so I'm of the generation that has grown up with Pokemon since before it was made. Have been hovering around the Pokemon subreddit and some of the things I've seen have made me feelquite Poke-old, and I was wondering if there are any others in the same boat as me.

I first encountered Pokemon Red/Blue in the playground at primary school. A friend was playing it, and I traded just about half my trading card collection just to borrow it for a whole weekend, and wasn't allowed to overwrite his save game. I put in fresh batteries of my own, and started a new game, and played it pretty much the whole weekend without stopping (i borrowed his gameboy too, as I didn't own one then).

A year later Yellow came out over in Canada, and my god father sent me a copy over. My Mum bought me a gameboy pocket (red, if you wanted to know), and I played the hell out of that game.

Another year later, and I badgered my Dad into buying me a Gameboy Colour (Pikachu edition), and got Gold AND Silver. I can't remember when exactly I bought Crystal, but it must have been some time later.

I must have dropped out of the loop for a little while, as my next device was a Gameboy Advance SP and, of course, I got Ruby and Sapphire.

Now my progression from there is hazy, but the last game I owned and played was Black/White. I have played through from the beginning of the series, and as stated earlier, I feel old when I see some people's comments on here.

So there you are, any other Poke-riginals out there? What's your story? 




 Hi guys,

I'm wanting to start planning out a "favourites" team - a Pokemon team made up of six of my favourite Pokemon, that have a complimentary type set across the board.

So in this vein, I'd like to request a Microsoft Excel file with all the pokemon listed (preferably in National Pokedex Order), with their types next to them. Maybe; 
Column 1 = National Pokedex #
Column 2 = Name
Column 3 = Type 1
Column 4 = Type 2

That way I can go through a visual list online and delete any that I don't like, then sort them accordingly. 




 [Request] Can anyone make one of these for me if I give them the pokemon list? I'd love to have one but I'm absolutely shocking with computers (not to mention that I'm backpacking at the moment so all I've got is a shitty little netbook that's about ten years old).
 
http://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/2rqpg1/finally_found_a_template_that_is_specific_enough_d/cnjfexq 




