 ET. I was terrified. Then later that year my family and I went to universal studios and wanted to ride to ET themed ride. That entire 3 minutes was my small version of hell. Snot everywhere from crying. :( 




 those are great speakers, actually. 









 Hey all. New to owning any vintage gear so go easy on me :D I just got this receiver and after getting to know it a bit better, I have grown to really love it. There are some kinks however:
-Upon opening the box after getting it from my FedEx man and plugging it in, the left channel produced a very fuzzy, uncentered sound. After playing around, it seemed to go away. This was all in while my turntable was plugged into phono. Aux seems to work ok in that regard. Phono later seemed to work fine. Used for a few days and no issues. After work today I played a record and the left channel seemed to do the same thing but after switching to aux and back to phono, that fuzzy gross sound was gone. I feel like it needs a few to warm up. Anyone else have similar experience?
-While plugged into aux and with phones plugged in, the volume in the left channel decreases suddenly w.o warning. 
-Overall, the left channel is more muffled than a crystal clear right. I tested the speakers and it is not them. In the mix, it all sounds balanced and really warm. I have checked both the main and remote channels and they produce the same sound. 
-In the end, I love the quality of sound this thing produces. Overall, my Technics can play many records and sound great especially if I am spinning vintage records (Rush, Steely Dan, Police, Steve Miller Etc) and even sounds great with the newer stuff (Glass Animals, Sharon Jones, Flylo etc) It seems to me that hiccups only happen within the first 10 minutes off a cold start. I am wondering if these little quirks are all part of owning awesome equipment like this and if anyone has similar problems and how they deal/dealt with them. Thanks all! 




 listening to my dads "Aja" right now 




 Just found out my dad has an Technics SA 303 from when he was in school in the 80s. Were gunna grab it out of storage this weekend. Super pumped. Still curious as to why Home Theater receivers made 20 years later just dont cut it for audio. Appreciate the info! 




 Hey all. Looking to upgrade receivers as I have been using an Onkyo home theater receiver for a while now. Any recommendations for casual listener like myself? Anyone familiar with Technic's receivers at all? Would really appreciate some ideas.  




 It was about 69 degrees. It was in the fermenter for aprx 4.5 weeks. It tasted pretty good but it did have a soy sauce aroma.  




 Hey all. Just bottled our dry Irish stout yesterday and I noticed that it had a soy sauce smell. Gave it a taste and for an uncarbed, room temp beer, it had the right flavor and an aftertaste reminiscent that of a guinness. I am sure its all part of the beers progression to my glass but wondering if anyone else has had a similar smell upon bottling their dry stout. Cheers! 









 If you're asking me about price, you're barking up the wrong tree. :D 









 My gallon batches go crazy by the next morning! Makes me very happy  




 Thanks for the info. Looks like this yeast was packaged in April -____- Thought that it would be enough. We pitched a second package of dry yeast in there. I would rather over pitch than under pitch. If I do a full boil, does that mean I would require more yeast for fermentation? 




 no I didnt make a starter. Kinda new at this. But I know there is no action because the airlock is dormant and my carboy is krausen free. Looks the same as it did when I put the wort in the fermenter two days ago. Maybe its slow to start? Temp in the room is about 68. Kinda wondering whats up at this point.  




 So I am wondering why this Dry Irish Stout is not fermenting. I usually use dry yeast but I tried out Wyeast's Irish Ale liquid variant. Every other batch I have done, extract or all-grain has started to ferment within 6 hours. Its been 2 days and literally nothing. I decided to pitch some dry ale yeast I had around. Its pretty fresh so hopefully something will happen  soon. Any ideas or thoughts from previous experience reddit?? 




 Nice lookin mugs/brew! congrats 




 Just one quick Q. How much of my hops should I add to my kettle pre boil? and if it only a percentage, when should I add the rest? Thank you for the help!! 




 Thanks! Just to clarify are you saying that it should be at leasts 2 weeks ish in the Primary?

Also, what would you suggest the proper mash thickness should be? 1.25 qt/1lb grain? 




 Trying this recipe this weekend! Any tips?  




 Thanks for the reply. I know that the ring is normal but what about those white particles above the krausen? 




 I attempted an all grain brew for the first time. Didn't really smell too nice after the boil. Before it was awesome. Kinda smells odd now. Then I see these white things on the side or my fermenter after 3 days. Any ideas? Is this an infection or should I not worry? I'm tempted to dump it an try again for real in a week or so. Its only like 2 gallons. 

http://imgur.com/d8Jb1jG
http://imgur.com/0K0iNR5 




 next brew day! 




 Wow I really appreciate this! Thanks a lot. I will definitely try this soon and get back to you. As soon as I get this 8 Gal kettle I can definitely do a 5 gal full boil and not be as paranoid. 

I do have one question. When you say add hops to the secondary, is this immediately after I transfer it from the primary after initial fermentation?  




