 Cows creek willow 




 So I bought a used car...found my wifes' dress in the back seat. 




 Resident evil directors cut 




 You are so right,upvote for you 




 Well said. 




 Oh my god,I just realized that my wife is a quilter and uses deadly sharp
rotary cutters and scary big scissors,Should I bail out now,or wait untill
I'm threatened by her "ULTRA DEADLY" sewing machine tactical ninja
quilting needles? 




 Well said sir! Regards..."the king of siam" 




 You are correct sir,but not all of us, thank...Whatever 




 If I had a hammer,I'd hammer in the moooorninnng! 




 Thank you sir! I was begining to think that I was the only one who thinks like this. 









 As an American: Where are the hookers,crackheads and trigger happy cops? 




 This kind of nonsense really pisses me off. The use of a cutting edge is the single most important development in the history of mankind.
You can survive without fire but you cannot survive without some sort of cutting edge.Every single thing that you eat, wear or use in this world   requires some sort of knife to produce. The first pocket knife used to be a rite of passage for a 10-12 year old boy,now they are taught that knives are scary terrorist weapons  that will not be tolerated.What is the result of this nonsense? I have young nephews that know I like knives and without fail, on some  X-mas or B-day I will recieve a big scary looking mall-ninja piece of shit.I use those to chop weeds out of the yard and shake my head in sadness.
 




 Beutifull!
 




 "Singing it sadder than a one car funeral"...RIP Possum,you were a true
country legend. 




 Nice work, I would def buy this knife! 




 Love this show.

 




 To your brother: Get out now and take the baby before that cunt can use
your child to get her shithooks into you and your families money.I've seen cunts like this, and as the child gets older ,(he/she) will become mommies little meal ticket;alimony, child support,welfare, medicade, ect. 




 Just shine it on Pony-boy. 




 Kids in the 1950s. 




 Way to go! 




 You people are idiodts 




 Spot on , my sentiments exactly! 




 Dickhead,? do you even read the posts? 




 Stupid Redditor, I am simply pointing out that the internet will go the same way as cable.You can say fuck me, but your ISP will fuck you worse,DUMB ASS! 




 I have a word for people like that....DICKFACE ASSHOLES,with all due respect.
 









 This goes on every day in the rest of the world and here secrectly. 




 Shmerzen means sperm 




 One time at Christmas my step son asked who this Howie was that everyone was singing about.I said what? He said  You know,"Howie Louya"One of the best laughs of my life. Kids are kids. 




 People that do this are chicken shit ass holes looking for attention,and they insult the people who have really had to deal with losing a loved one. 




 Got to love dogs. 




 Stop spreading the hype dickhead,we all die at some point and how you die does not matter. The media wants to scare you. Get busy living. 




 Ha ha! Well said. 




 Hot peppers! 




 Yeah yeah. 




 Not sure of exact model.Larger wenger with slide lock blade and grey scales. 




 congratulations pa pa! 




 Meh, HD is soooo 2110, everything is 3d nowdays. 




 Didn't break it but twisted it a bit. 




 People die all the time,I don't need  it shouted at me 24/7 on the news with every vaguely concievable side track thrown in. 














 I pretty much agree with this which is why it saddens me when eveyday,
(Non military/law enforcement),people proudly show off their new
"Slash master tactical death spike 9000" EDC.
 




 Killing yourself is about hurting other people,fuck you you whiney little prick. 




 Shoes.
 




 Having the area between my nuts and ass sliced open to drain an abcess,
no pain meds. 




 The Belisarius series by Eric Flint and David Drake,I enjoyed the characters as much as the story. 




 INTERNET!! 




 Once asked my friend why white girls are like a trophy for black guys.
He said,"Black girls think they all to good to suck ya dick."
Dam near died laughing! 




 Hook up with girl from the south,after some great sex, she jumps out of bed saying "Oh my God we're sinners,sinners against the Lord!"throws on her cloths and runs from the house. 




 I've kept this video on my phone for years,always gets a laugh! Hands down the best video I've ever found on youtube although the crazy Mentos kid runs a close second. 




 That crazy Nam-vet is stalking me on Facebook. 




 Classy! 




 The "squeel like a pig" guy in Deliverence. He's in alot of movies but that's all I can picture when I see him. 




 German bra? You mean a Keepsumfromfloppin? 




 We tie our shoes with little nazis 




 That Puma hunter is a gem,treat it well 




 Politicians 




 Nine thumbs up! 




 Well done! 




 Snob!!!!! 




 Tard 




 Allow a women to turn me into a plow horse. You want a partenership,chip in and help. 









 Trey Parker 




 Love of knives. 




 MARS ATTACKS!!! 




 Santa only comes once a year and thats down the chimney :) 




 Very nice collection,we need to see more of the well done simple knives and less of the tacticalshmactical foofaraw,fixed OR folder. Your taste sir, is impeccable! 




 Saw The Exorcist at a midnight show while doing acid, walked home alone at 3AM shitting my pants the whole way. That movie was a horror milestone. 




 And the south shall rise again! 




 Ha ha! I drive like this in forza and gt5 and my wife laughs at me.Now I can show her that this is how it's supposed to be done! 




 For LOTR fans, Bored of the rings from Harvard lampoon. Frito,Dildo,Lego'lamb...Cracks me up every time! 




 The giant cartoon "Hotwheels" bother me much more than the red-neck balls thing. Kind of like people who put sweaters on pit-bulls. 




 Very nice! I like that you left the file grooves to show on the finished blade, a touch of "blue collar class". 




 Highest taxes in the nation. Welcome to New York,you're about to get fucked real hard! 




 Saw this years ago and died laughing,was never able to find it again. Thanks for digging it up! 




 Geronimoooooooo! 




 Ha ha! Some day I will learn how to turn off that annoying feature. 




 When I was a kid in the early 70's we thought we were all cool with our CAT knives...they were junk. Turned me off to Mercator for a long Time. Looking back, they were probably  Japan imports which back then were junk. Today,Japan is the same Great Quality as the Made in the USA of yesteryear if not better.Try here http://www.worldknives.com/ I have had good luck with Linder, Nieto, and the French, Swiss and Russian companies. Anything from Seiki Japan is nice. Hope this helps. 




 Great knife for the money,very well made.Carbon steel blade takes a fine edge and is easy to sharpen,has a second detent so the blade will stop at half way closed instead of just snapping shut. Try one out and post your opinion. Thanks for the interest :) 









 Do you expect me to talk? No Mr. Bond, I expect you to DIE! 




 Amen
 




 Great stuff,thanks. 




 Victorinox 




 Big   Tasty...LMFAO! 




 Mufuggin boom! 




 John Prine- Great days. Pink Floyd - Dark side of the moon.
David Bromberg- Howlatel yaplaytill 














 Pilots survival knife,those small saw teeth are meant for cutting through aluminum aircraft bodies.
 




 Made fresh daily. 




 Antivirus programs. 




 http://www.worldknives.com/products/mercury-special-stag-swingguard-folding-bowie-knife-8937xc-217.html 




 So true. 




 In an unused butcher block stand. I throw the silica gel pacs from my wifes meds in with them. 




 Vantage is a great knife for the money. It is also the only knife I own that it isn't a pain in the ass to use the pocket clip. 




 So awesome! 




 Kabar ships these with an extra set of black scales,(the fixed blades anyway),if you don't like the zombie look change the scales.I personaly love that logo. 




 Actually, this should be the official commercial.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdnJxDmJNmA 




 Another beautifull knife from Helle. Gets my vote! 




 Thanks for the interest everyone. I bought this as a show piece and would not want to ruin that beautifull polish by taking it in the field.I have used it in my kitchen though and it is razor sharp and well balanced.Finger guards? we don't need no steenking finger guards,LOL! As far as legal limits go,cops do whatever cops want to do.When I'm about town I just carry a small folder in my pocket,(Kershaw scallion),don't see the need for more than that. 









 Gillette goodnews twin blade razors. Shake dry when done,strop on your arm before next use,they last for months. 




 10 thumbs up! 




 The all new High-mac! 




 FYI people.The constitution of the united states of america was based on the system of the Iroqious federation of tribes. 




