 Serbian here,and stereotypes go towards everything here.But it goes more like an internal joke and less as an insult 




 I personally turn of system sounds quite early.Dont worry,you are perfectly fine 




 Ever tried Pringles with Chocolate? 




 Well post some funny/interesting things online that i would usually keep on my phone and show to friends as a silence buster 




 Screen-Five!(It's like a highfive just you slap your monitor and pretend like i did it at the same time you did) 




 Completely dry?That doesnt sound as good as you think 




 Now imagine all those facebook statuses all rolled up there.The horror. 




 Lets hope he gets more lines this time. 




 So i ran upon the game on gamestop,and it seemed interesting though i never heard of it before.Im usually into RPGs,Action and Adventure games,but usually the strong story is the key. 




 For some reason,now i want to go to the russian youtube. 




 She blesses the vampire,which are in some stories afraid of holy things,such as holy water,crosses... 




 Tell me you saw a bunch of cute puppies and you kept one because of the eyes.Please tell me thats true 




 "Thanks for shopping with us,come again!"
"You too." 




 Your life story would be much better if you gave those girls a chance. 




 Well,now you have 227 more than on your last one 




 I always thought the lower boundary is 65%.Well atleast thats how it used to work here 




 Its even worse when the other guy is wrong,so you get hope you are right,then you end up wrong aswell 




 He also shaved his beard! 




 Id say you should try out Dead Island,its a decently fun game worth its price.As for borderlands,yeah,definetely get it 




 Lets fire a few rounds on it and see what happens 




 Whoever wants to play something can feel free to add me,Doctor Von Foster or pm me your gamertag.I have Dead Island,Fable 2,Halo Reach,Forza 3 and MK Vs DC,so if you need help wih anything or just want to have fun im here! 




 Hell im up for it if comes to it.Hit me up a pm if it ever happens 




 As a galio player,i get you bro 




 "Call the priest!" 




 Hes just waiting,dont be fooled by its appearance 




 Then blaspheme we shall! 




 Tequilla.Lots of it. 




 They should,as long as the games are purschased they should work just fine.The only problem is the free to play games,they tend to dissaear if theres a region lock 




 Just a random question,what genre is the game?It looks pretty interesting 




 This and Wait and Bleed go hand in hand when it comes to workout music. 




 Just let him hide under the bed like he wants to. 




 What mod is on it?Im pretty new to he game,dont judge me 




 Oh i see.Though mount and blade has very large,well done multiplayer battles,the SP factor of it plays a bigger role 




 Back in my days we had cats that would eat that mouse in seconds!Twice! 




