 I honestly don't think it will be that much more noticeable just because it's green, it's already very noticeable when it passes and very few people have ever seen it.

If you use mirrors, it will only be visible right after dusk and before dawn, just as it is now, hardly a constant reminder.

In the case of a light beam, very few people would see it as it points at them in the night,  you'll still need to know exactly when it's going overhead.

Just my 2 cents... 




 What we see when we look up at the ISS is light reflecting over all the surfaces it has, especially the solar panels, so it can usually be seen by a large area of land. A beam of light would be visible only to the people it's pointed at, and even then only barely, compared to the rest of the light coming from it.

I think you would see better results just by getting the message out on how to spot it. My mind was pretty thoroughly blown the first time I saw it, now I show it to people every chance I get. 

Edit: I guess that when the ISS is completely in the dark, you could see only the light if it's aimed at you, but it would have to be pretty darn powerful to be even slightly visible. 




 It would be much better to use big, possibly coloured, mirrors.

Which doesn't sound like very useful payload. 

I think the people who are inspired when they see the ISS passing overhead don't really care what color it shines. I personally don't, white is just as awesome to me. 




 They did translate it correctly. Well, not the conspiracy theorists, but the people who actually study the Mayan calendar. The Baktun does end on December 21, that's perfectly true.

It's funny that people use this "leap year" rubbish to dismiss the doomsday rubbish, as both sides would see they're wrong after 2 minutes of actual research. 




 I don't see how nuclear power can be "statistically safer" than solar power. 




 ["The Meaning of Liff"](http://folk.uio.no/alied/TMoL.html) by Douglas Adams has a great section on this, read from CORRIEARKLET to CORRIEMUCHLOCH. I tried copy/pasting but it turned into a huge mess.
 




 Why "from the Hobbit"? Will he be featured in the movie? He's my favorite character from the books (hence the username), would make me very happy to see him somehow squeezed into the movie. (I also immediately thought of him when I saw the picture, btw) 




 You can find them [here](http://www.bbc.co.uk/lastchancetosee/sites/radio/). I listened to them a long time ago, but when I try now I get the message "not available in your area". Hopefully it works for you. I try to get my hands on everything related to Last Chance to See, there's also a cd-rom with all the pictures they took that I managed to get my hands on recently. 




 Exactly, I personally dislike well-done meat, but I just can't understand the people saying "he got what he asked for." You certainly can make a well-done steak without burning it. I also hold nothing against people who like it that way, it's their tasteless meat, not mine. 




 I think the parenthesis is referring to the pilot that tried to ram him. I might be wrong, though, the sources don't help. 




 Followed a few links and got to [this](http://youtu.be/09GLj6fq-wg).
Kinda crept me out at around 0:32, had my headphones pretty loud. 




