 It exists, and it has one reader. Awesome. 




 And more importantly, why the hell are they seeing mine? I really don't need the melodramatic song lyric I was quoting as a high school freshman shuffled into everyone's perception of who I am now. Who the fuck thought this was a good idea? 




 [*Synecdoche, New York*](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9PzSNy3xj0) 




 Yup! 




 If this works reliably, it could be great. Big if though. 









 Yes. 









 The worst part is that I refuse to stop when it starts snowing again. Sweet sweet delusions. 




 You know what's cooler than a gagillion? A frafrillion. 




 Even though I'm worlds away from Synder on policy, I really did like the way he ran his campaign--hell, I still do. He wasn't peddling any of that socially backward anti-intellectual Republican bullshit, he was selling himself as a "tough nerd," playing up his intelligence and business savvy. While I was at odds with nearly every element of his platform, it felt like this was at last a noble conservative movement that I could engage with intellectually.

Now this shit. 




 Awesome, thanks! 




 Well, it seems as though we're both willing to be big supporters of somebody's movement--alas, I'm no politician. Too many compromising photos.

To be quite frank, I'm not much of a patriot either. Michigan is a beautiful state with a terrible government and an even worse economy. If it doesn't offer me a future, then I have the blessing of my family and friends to seek fulfillment elsewhere, just as I would wish for them. There's some sentimental regret in that, but so be it. 




 Fair enough. Give me a time and a place, 32koala--I'm based in Lansing and I'll show for a protest. I don't know that demonstration will hold much sway with an administration that doesn't recognize locally elected officials, and when nothing changes I'll be out, but I really am down to put in some good faith effort before cynically taking off as I fully expect to. 




 Yup, I have quite a few friends who were taken in by that "twelve point plan." He just didn't mention that Part 11 is taking emergency power and Part 12 is building the death star. 




 Exactly. Not scared, because I can leave. Pissed off because I'll have to. 




 This is one of those rare internet moments where somewhat perfectly articulates a widely applicable and wholly rational point of view that *had somehow never occurred to me before*. You have a small legacy in my worldview, Lochmon. 




 Wasn't familiar with that Ok Go track, but it's pretty sweet. Well done Rock Band. 




 awesome 









 It's true. I weave mounds and mounds of lame, lame bullshit, and then I gather all my friends around to congratulate me. There is merriment and feasting, laughter and song, and for one brief moment I feel... *human.* 




 No, Egodeath, I don't. I was trying to figure out why you were running an annoying joke predicated on your unsupported sense of superiority into the ground, and I figured that in the absence of any approval from those seeking discussion here, you might have a private audience of people who favor pointless snark over interpersonal engagement--turns out it's just you, super. I believe that's called "trolling," right?

Predicated: founded or based on. 




 Well hey, you genuinely expanded my perspective on post-modernism. I'll call that a good day for Reddit. 




 Oh sorry man--Explicated: made explicit. Didn't mean to go all verbose on you with that one word.

Actually, I hope that doesn't ruin all the fun you're having. When you gather your friends around the monitor to show them how cute you've been, they might raise their eyebrows at your characterization of my post as verbose--trs embarrassing. 




 Neofaust, I'll preface this comment by saying you're probably better versed in this stuff than I am and that I will likely cave under the slightest amount of pressure, but it doesn't make sense to me that post-modernism can somehow eschew definable "essence" and yet claim so many self-identified post-modernists--perhaps not so much in serious literature, mind you, but around the campus so to speak. Kids identify as "post-modernists," they're largely united around criticism of truth and obsession with constructs... couldn't we call that the movement?

Personally, I enjoyed the submission because I can relate to the author's frustration: I'm sick of arguing that logic is not only the best interpretation of reality, but it's a prerequisite of any arguments against itself. I think science should be a component of art and vice versa, and am sick of their increased "post-modern" segregation. I'm frustrated with the arguments I'm getting from my English department full of undergrads *calling* themselves post-modernists, so isn't indulging a parody of these trends somewhat justified?

I guess the question is--and maybe you can help me on this Neofaust--do I have a beef with post-modernism, or with "post-modernists?" I think I agree with you on what post-modernism *should* be--a transitional nebula of modernism criticisms--but it's being organized, revered, and evangelized by a certain social strata of trendy youngsters and it's irritating. And ultimately, I'm pretty sure that's what this Jenny Jones submission was about: this label is a source of pride and identity for many, and yet it's not much of a movement at all.  




 I mean, you can either choose to engage with the discussion or not, but calling it *lame,* perhaps literally the most shallowly trite of all possible dismissals, certainly looks like a defense mechanism. I'm not trying to psychoanalyze and I'm not saying I know anything about you or that *you* are shallow or whatnot, I'm just saying that I'd love to see your reservations better explicated. 




 Jesus. Yes. Thank you. 




 Comedy works when it addresses truth. If a joke is genuinely reinforcing misogyny or racism or other baseless bigotry, then it's not only unacceptable but probably not all that funny. If a joke is crafted to deal frankly and/or critically with the presence and absurdity of such hatred in society, then nothing is off limits.

EDIT: If any downvoters would like to engage with this hypothesis, it's a conversation I'd like to have. :) 




 pfff there are no muslims in their suburbs. :P 




 In all seriousness, i would pick up John Williams Rock Band in a heartbeat. 




 "The atheists are right about everything, actually."
Well, that fuels a few nasty stereotypes about r/atheism's self-perception. :P 




 This is a masterpiece of advertising, and should be taught in university classes. 




 Firth is legitimately great in it. Nothing else is. 




 Wasn't even nominated, actually. Bastards. 




 Does anyone have any insight as to how one might approximate that distinctly "film" look when using consumer grade HD digital--I'm thinking plugins and processing software, though shooting techniques are also welcome. Thoughts? 




 Does anyone have any insight as to how one might approximate that distinctly "film" look when using consumer grade HD digital--I'm thinking plugins and processing software, though shooting techniques are also welcome. Thoughts? 




 I sure hope not. I happen to think that all of this lovely post-modern thought shoots itself in the brain and dies when it divorces philosophy from the real and rational. 




 When I say I respect someone's opinion, I'm generally saying that the logic of their opinion is at least least internally consistent, even if I might disagree with the likelihood/ethics of their premises. 




 *Portal 2*, my PC sucks and I don't have a next-gen. A port would make my day. 




 [this.](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Proxy%20Embarrassment) 




 He's not taken seriously in the sciences, but he's been quite influential in the arts. Much to my chagrin. 




 Like how all non-believers are just looking for excuses to sin. Cool story Freud. 




 OP is a jackass. 




 This is where Ebert really shines for me. When he's talking about general releases, I'm with him about half the time. When it comes to recognizing greatness, I'm on board 100%. 




 I think perhaps--and I truly intend no offense here--you might just be bad at rhythm games. :P 




 Yes, I am aware of all of those things. And they're all much more relevant points to make on a film board than an appeal to feeding the children. :P 

I guess I'm not defending the Oscars so much as I'm defending the place of art and entertainment even in the presence of suffering. David Fincher could drop everything and work in a soup kitchen--so could we--but I'd prefer that he keep making movies. 




 ... what are you doing at the Film subreddit, and why are you not volunteering at Red Cross right now? 




 Not to mention [this](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1315981/). 




 I'd just like to say that these posts are so much more compelling to me than memes and facebook images. Great personal story, best of luck to you and your family. 




 LOOK IT'S LIKE A DICK FULL OF JIZZ!!!

That's the joke I would have gone with, myself. 




 [This link sure was accurate and useful and front page-worthy.](http://www.slashfilm.com/rumor-joseph-gordonlevitt-play-alberto-falcone-the-dark-knight-rises/) 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/f8zw9/neil_degrasse_tyson_eats_a_sandwich/ 




 I just figured there were a lot of Hawking fans around here. 









 "Universal Acclaim" 














 So there's a bunch of religious bullshit on your floor, and somebody didn't like your noodle poster. The humanity. 




 Well, I did my part for democracy today. 














 Also honest, I think it's amazing. It punches me in the face and makes me want to live and fall and love and build things and fail and hug everything. 




 I have no idea what you're talking about. 




 ... my brain? 









 Yes darling, I read it. The writer is saying that beyond objectively appreciable gameplay elements, Dead Space 2 transcends the sum of its parts to succeed as an engaging work of game art, thus necessitating acknowledgement of the critic's subjective position. Accepting that the game works on that level and was presumably intended to, the author clearly states his intention to address the game primarily in terms of impact, as is common practice in film and literary criticism. The author chooses to do so in his own voice: this likely precludes the review from consideration for traditional print journalism as it ignores established journalistic conventions--the ignorance willful and the conventions largely arbitrary, mind you--but it's perfectly suited to the author's intent. The more one explores a variety of authorial styles through criticism of multiple media, the less strange this choice will seem. Ya snob. 




 It is a "comment" on the sudden wave of uninformed writing criticism, one I felt would work best in the same format as the trend I was addressing: a submission about writing. 




 (before edit) This really has nothing to do with gaming.

Well, it has about as much to do with gaming as the line by line red pen critiques popping up. It's more to do with the nature of game criticism, and that seems to be hot right now.

As for the propriety of posting it as its own submission, I think this perspective merits as much space as the condescending review edits. 




 Yes, middle schoolers use a bunch of "I" statements and acknowledge themselves as writers. And then you get to high school and they tell you not to. And then you become an adult and you write in your own damn voice.

Yes, that seems strange to high schoolers. Clearly. But acknowledging one's subjective position and focusing on impact over summary doth not bad criticism make. 




 I don't think that Cartesian skepticism necessarily endorses the cognitive *over* the physical, it merely accepts consciousness as our necessary starting point. The existence of the doubter could just as easily be physical as metaphysical; the main point is the potentially physical but quite definitely subjective nature of the mind. 




 Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww 




 Good and evil are human constructs, but they're real and valuable constructs nonetheless. 




 the trick is... is that conclusion false? 




 Love is blind, God is love, God is blind. 




 I'm not sure that that holds up--eat is a much different verb from is.

All wolves *are* deer-eaters and all deer *are* grass eaters is a rewording of your submission according to the rules of the premise, and as you can see there are no two terms in common there. 




  Bitches

Pointless misogyny does your question a disservice, bro. 




 Personally, I think the worst critics are the neutral, predictable, boring ones. White's a lot of things, but at least he's none of that. 




 Hey, as long as he's handsome, British, and smooth as hell then that's what counts. Contemporary Britain isn't strictly white, and Bond needn't be either. 




 Oh I hope so as well 




 Fantastic selection, thank you! 




 awesome, thanks! 




 I actually just subscribed to this! It's pretty great, but it's awfully short. 




 I'm a bus rider, long walker, and student janitor; I need some decent philosophical discussion to pump into my head. What's your pick for best philosophical podcast? 




 Ricky Gervais is the Animal Collective, specifically. And I happen to think he's a bit pretentious. 




 This was exceptionally well shot! 




 Assuming sympathy for both of them, this is one of the more beautifully sad sentiments I've seen on reddit. 




 Hey, a reasoned case with examples from the film instead of a blanket statement about critical consensus! I support this. 




 shaboozie 




 There's a difference between between denying absolute morality and denying all morality. If you have any personal, subjective moral positions then use those in conversation--that's what morality conversations are for anyway.

If you literally have no morality whatsoever, then their assessment of your psychopathy is correct, so just roll with that. 




 Perhaps [Jetpac](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jetpac), according to [IGN](http://ign64.ign.com/articles/072/072404p1.html). 




 Eh. Looks like a bunch of borderline-nihilistic destruction; mostly leaves me kind of depressed. 




 [We are the good guys! They are the bad guys! Hoorah!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uKdbZWNqF00) 




 Just don't bother any more, Cult Movies, you'll never top this. 




 Damn, your school's got a sexy paper! 




 the solipsismic quandary of the quadruply meta masturbator. 




 Yeah, I came here to bitch about how this sort of thing isn't going to further sensible dialog in any way.

Then I looked at the picture, and it's pretty uncanny. I even got an awkward shock chuckle out of it. 




 ... that makes absolutely no sense. 




 I'm realistically compassionate for him. Anyone who thinks this matter will be settled with an execution is ignoring the real problem, that we do need better mental health awareness and destigmatized care for those suffering.

That said, he committed a heinous crime and deserves trial and sentencing. His mind is broken, yes, but he is his mind and deserves to be held accountable.  




 I feel like people aren't talking about this film's style enough. I'm a big fan of how the film marries the first-person subjectivity of the camera to the borderline omniscience of the internet; there's a lot of potential for narrative innovation in that pairing, and I think it's something we're going to see more of in the future. 




 Fun Fact: this was the first standup concert film ever to play Sundance. There's not too much going on stylistically, but it's definitely a movie. 




 YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS 




