 Thought had a question mark next to it :/ but yeah he seems to go in and out, I think he would be just out of the warriors but not really overall in the supports. 




 Guardians ~ Khumbhakarna, Geb and Athena

Warriors ~ Hercules and Sun Wukong

But I mainly just like the Guardians, not a big fan of warriors for support
 




 They said on a reddit post that you won't be able to obtain it until after odyssey since that way you would be able to get the skins for 200 gems instead of 600 gems.
http://www.reddit.com/r/Smite/comments/2dz1ro/buying_treasure_chest_for_runexe/

Edit - Link 




 Mine was stuck there for a few minutes around 7 minutes ago or so, but after a while it started to go up again, so for me all I had to do was wait. 




 I just tend to sit there searching the Smite reddit... like most other people 




 I love when people are actually friendly and a lot of fun can come from it, wish I was in that game with you sounded awesome. 




 Support Apollo 




 As soon as I saw this I thought of the custom W3 maps too, could be good for inspiration. 




 It does seem to be that way, all of the players I've used it with have been friendly and it really helps improve your teamwork, the only downside is when you go to chat and only one other person has it. 




 His 3 (Grasping Hands) already gives a slow 




 I had that problem, we fixed it by remaking the party 




 Who's the god to the right of you (With gold skin)? xD 




 Which do you think is your favourite god as support. 




 Can look at stats here https://account.hirezstudios.com/smitegame/stats.aspx 




 Your job is to try and help teammates, whether it's bodyblocking basics to save them, or using abilities to help them. Another job of yours is to set up kills for people and try to help them obtain kills. On top of this, you must ward all around, steal objectives with hand of the gods rank 3 and rotate all around helping other lanes and taking mid camps. 




 Does anybody know if you get a total of 150 gems, or does it stack each time so you get a total of 600? 




 Done and done 




 Might be able to get a copy for you, I'll post again if I do so to stop multiple attempts
 




