




 It's not available in paperback form yet (or hardback either). 




 Obviously an orchestrated campaign against him, though I'm not sure who is behind it. Here's Mike's view:

https://j4mb.wordpress.com/2015/01/25/spoiler-reviews-on-amazon-com/

Update, i just realised the forward is by Erin Pizzey, someone who's done far more for domestic violence victims than anyone else on the planet. So these feminists are attacking a book fully endorsed by someone who should be by far their biggest hero.

Update 2, A quote from the feminist behind the campaign to leave all the negative reviews:

"Someone gave Mike a toothy blow job and now he hates all women. Heres a shining example of some of his work available on Amazon. Ive already written a review, sarcastically titled Good Book, Bad Fonts. **Lets Internet justice the guy who would like to legislate that less efforts be made to help girls into STEM careers.**" 



















 And the Democrats are equally gleeful if it's innocent white men locked up. 














 If the republicans would happily introduce half the J4M B policies then how come they're almost as hostile to the idea of equality for men as the Democrats? Ideas such as male disposability, MGM and locking up innocent men are all equally popular within both parties 




 This just in - advocating for the rights of boys as well as men makes you a sex offender. 









 Protesting against mutilating a child's genitals against their consent = creepy

Taking a knife to a child to violate them sexually and cause irreparable damage to their genitals = not creepy 









 Are Scientologists obliged to murder anyone who tries to leave the religion? 



















 Certainly some good arguments there, but I still think it's better to deny traffic to any misandrist sites.

Personally I sometimes link to such sites if comments are open, whereas I'd always use an archive were that not the case. I really see little or no value in visiting a hate site if can't even debunk the lies of the author. 



















 Well in a free market in a democratic country with freedom of speech, then if enough readers wish to see such content, and if such material is profitable, then it's the Sun's right to publish it (not to mention and the reader's right to view it should they have the funds to purchase a copy).

If feminists want to campaign against harmful media outlets then the worst women's gossip magazines are a million times more harmful than page 3 and much of the harmful material is outlined and advertised prominently on the front page. Page 3 is completely the wrong target, proving the campaign is misguided at best, or a stunt, or simply anti-sex prudish feminists attacking men and employment opportunities for attractive young women. 




 Page three models are forced into appearing in the paper against their will? If that's the case I suggest you call the police and report such evidence to them. 









 Makes a change from the huge numbers of mother and latest boyfriend killing a man's child I suppose. 














 Journalist who has been writing in various newspapers in Ireland on men's issues (and other topics) every so often for a decade or two. I don't pretend to have a complete picture of his career, I realise he's certainly not perfect, though still has done some good work over the years. 




 He mentioned a (different?) interview regarding the issue of rape where he raised the question of both parties having sex and both being so unable to drunk that they'd be unable to consent. Apparently the feminist refused to answer the question, claimed it was offensive and walked out! 




 That's a strange interpretation - it's the feminists who are trying to stop these women working and he's against that. 




 What a fantastic radio show, being from the UK this is the first time I've heard of Niall Boylan but he puts most UK radio and TV hosts to shame. He was civil throughout, fair, completely honest and open and had a more than impressive grasp of all the issues too.

Surely destined to get a show at a bigger radio station before too long? 









 I now have a new favourite radio presenter and his name is Niall Boylan. 









 Note that teh BBC didn't allow a debate here, they just let Mike state his case and then predictably give the feminist the final say (and make nasty insinuations about Mike's private life) 









 The same organisation that wrote this report is actually notorious for its discrimination against men. it not only bans them from many fund-raising events, it refuses to properly fund prostate cancer research.

Their reasoning for this is that prostate cancer research was neglected in the past and thus our understanding of it is still relatively poor because of this. Thanks to this discrimination of the past, there isn't likely to be a breakthrough any-time soon, so they're not going to fund current research at the same level as they do with many other cancers (such as female specific ones).

They're literally discriminating against prostate cancer patients today simply because they were discriminated against yesterday:
http://therightsofman.typepad.co.uk/the_rights_of_man/2012/08/cancer-research-uk-neglecting-prostate-cancer-today-because-it-was-neglected-yesterday.html 




 Point two makes a bit of sense, as for the rest, it's absolutely incredible, particularly point 1 which turns reality on its head. 









 Article is open for comments 














 A woman actually won silver at the Olympics when the genders used to compete together. I expect the men must have raised their game somewhat since then, but it shows what's possible and such a feat could never happen in almost any other event.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Margaret_Murdock

 




 Well it wouldn't be a "top team", realistically I should think a really great women's player might manage in maybe the 4th or 5th tier. 
Obviously we'd never ever see any female defenders, goalkeepers, defensive midfielders etc, but a skilful play-maker might cope at a low level.

People do tend to under estimate the gulf between male and female athletes. For example Martina Navratalova is without doubt the greatest female tennis player of all time and she openly admitted that she could only beat men ranked 200th (or lower). 




 There have been huge changes at the Telegraph over the last 6 months or so. All sorts of important staff leaving (or being forced out) and reorganisations etc. This has been covered on and off in the Guido Fawkes blog.

The men's section is great (and actually quite a new development) but other than that it's a pretty awful paper now.

I guess their strategy is to chase readers by trying to move toward the center (as occurs with politics) and to try to seem relevant by going along with the mainstream and abandoning any of their values or principles. 




 If it's based on merit then there wouldn't be a single female in it (or there might be just one on the bench if the worst nation there had a severe injury crisis, a small population and the very best female player in history).

I'd certainly support merging more male and male competition, though it would first make sense to do so in events where there's less difference in ability (e.g. shooting) or at least non contact sports such as athletics, swimming etc. 




 Channel 4 doesn't even try to hide it's bias these days. It's such a shame what they've become, used to be a really interesting channel back in the day. 









 Mike is actually only anti-radical feminism. He's ok with the feminism of say 1960. His argument is that for the last 40+ years the only type of feminism of any consequence has been radical feminism, hence it's ok/necessay to label himself as anti-feminist at the present time. 




 Mike is very much improving in his media appearances, this was from back in August and he does seem more focused on men in his 2015 appearances.

It certinaly woudl be great if people gave feedback, not just on Mike's debating, but perhaps more importantly on the manifesto itself. 




 Mike seems to be better at handling these debates by the day. Really enjoyed this one, some real passion from him and made some excellent points. 









 Don't see a men's rights angle here other than the daughter getting twice the compensation of the son.

Would be a men's rights issue had she not been jailed, so in this instance it's nice to see a woman actually getting an appropriate sentence for once. 




 The problem is that suicide isn't something that happens in isolation to the rest of a man's life. If we actually sorted out the horrific injustices and human rights violations caused by the family courts, divorce settlements,  false rape accusations, and dealt with crimes such as male genital mutilation and domestic abuse of men then we'd probably eliminate half of male suicides overnight. 














 Dreadful article, but well worth seeing the comments. 














 Try this: https://web.archive.org/web/20131218171247/http://archive.spectator.co.uk/article/24th-march-2007/16/read-the-small-print-before-the-next-comic-relief 




 She was bad at times, but some of her questioning was actually rather better than what Mike usually deals with. For example, her question contrasting the preference theory with the J4M B shared parenting one was almost worth asking and there was slightly more intelligence in her through process there than your typical feminist.

Many of the articles or discussion about J4M B are basically pure abuse, derailing or complete lies about the manifesto. She at least did none of these very much other than at the very beginning. 




 Charity in question is "Paws for kids" which is highlighted in the 4th paragraph 









 http://archive.spectator.co.uk/article/24th-march-2007/16/read-the-small-print-before-the-next-comic-reliefl

Two weeks ago, in these pages, Rod Liddle memorably attacked what he called the fascistic smugfest of Red Nose Day, deploring the way in which we obediently shower money on charity just because were told to by people on the telly. Rods piece made me wonder where this 40 million actually goes. The answer, besides the charities mentioned above, seems to be a remarkable number of organisations advocating womens rights. There was the Womens Aid Foundation, which was given 112,447 for its campaign against domestic violence. Bassetlaw Womens Aid separately received 66,174 for the battered women of Bassetlaw. The Family Welfare Association received 114,501 for its domestic abuse service in Leicester  which, contrary to its name, doesnt offer a service beating up members of your family on your behalf, but helps the beaten-up. There was 43,000 for Womens Integrated Services, Harrow; 65,726 for the Migrant Womens Network; **and even 77,236 for Paws for Kids, which takes in animals when abused families enter refuges  in other words, it keeps battered womens bunnies in fresh carrots.**

 It is a similar story with the 60 per cent of Comic Relief funds which are spent in Africa. There was 797,310 which went to the African Womens Support Group, 500,000 to the International Community of Women Living with HIV/Aids, 120,000 which went to the Womens Development Agency in Ghana, 25,000 for the Inter-African Womens Development Organisation, and so it goes on. Even the neutrally named charities on Red Nose Days list turn out to be involved rather more heavily on the female side: Childhope UK, which received 857,314, turns out to be spending most of the money on the street girls of Bangladesh. If Red Nose Day can be summed up in one sentence, it is: shave your nipples and save a fallen woman.

I am sure many of these charities do a jolly good job, and I wouldnt wish to make light of domestic violence, but it does rather beg the question: **why do all these womens charities, which you never see rattling collecting tins or placing adverts in the national press, feel the need to disguise their fundraising in the pratfest that is Comic Relief rather than appealing directly to the public? Are they worried that if the British public realised where their money was going they would be less inclined to be so generous?** 
























 The white Ribbon campaign sis actually far more discriminatory than even this guy suggests. Not only do they hate male victims, their only interest is the extremely narrow field of "men's violence against women".

Obviously that rules out male victims (both heterosexual and homosexual), but they're also marginalising any lesbian victims of dv, not to mention children. What makes this particularly bad is that many studies find lesbian relationships to be more violent than any other and we all know of the many children murdered by their mothers, fathers, step parents and mother's boyfriends. 




 Worth remembering that the BBC have used the public's money to employ this extremist feminist as a presenter. 



















 I posted the ITV link previously but it seems to only work for UK viewers. This video is on youtube so will work for everyone. 









 and why the party exists! 




 What s now the UK's third biggest party started off as a single issue party, with just as narrow as focus as J4M B if not more so. Not only has UKIP enjoyed massive success, it has also forced issue to be debated and forced other parties to come up with competing policies in their areas of concern.

In even forcing a discussion of the harm caused by feminism J4M B is already achieving something that has largely been completely impossible in the mainstream media. 




 Well the context we have is a court system that completely marginalises fathers teh vast majority of the time.  Thing may be as you describe, but the odds are very strongly against that possibility. 




 Well it will be on youtube before too long, Mike puts all his stuff on there eventually. Here's an alternative link, though it also requires a postcode.

http://www.itv.com/thismorning/hot-topics/britains-most-controversial-politician
One workaround may be to ensure that your browser isn't sharing your location with the site. 




 Mike was on national tv today, on a show with with at least a million viewers. 




 I had to enter a postcode to watch the video. Seeing as it is hosted on a Scotland based site then any Scottish postcode should work, I chose "G2 4PP"

For the benefit of viewers from overseas, appearing on this programme is a big deal. It's probably the UK's most popular breakfast tv show and both the presenters are very high profile. **There will have been at least a million people watching.**

Update, done a little searching and seems he's also been on LBC (London's biggest radio station) and also Notts TV. I expect a BBC appearance is going to be pretty inevitable too. 









 Certainly more per hour. 




 Direct link to comments:
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/men/thinking-man/11347194/An-anti-feminist-political-party-is-depressing-news-for-men-and-women.html#disqus_thread 









 Thanks, though as expected it's tiny and hidden away. Still better than most of the UK media though I suppose. 









 I'm aware of a one second glimpse on Newsnight. Can't find a single example anywhere on their websites either nor on any news bulletin. "Many times" really has to be a serious exaggeration. 









 **Update, just read up on the law, basically all donations under 500 can come from anywhere. Only amounts of 500 and above are actually classed as donations under UK electoral law:**

http://www.electoralcommission.org.uk/__data/assets/pdf_file/0013/102280/sp-manage-donations-rp.pdf

So, as long as you're not planning on giving J4M7B more than $750 then there isn't an issue and you can donate immediately. Here's the link to do so:

https://j4mb.wordpress.com/donate/

 




 (post was incorrect) 




  We should all support him.

Not to mention the other gentlemen standing as J4M B candidates. Ray Barry in particular is a brilliant speaker and hugely compassionate individual. 




 Jo Swinson 




 He hates feminism, not women. 




 I think he slightly overdoes the controversy at times, but 95% of it is actually very useful and pretty genuine. 









 Yes it was pretty much impossible for a lot of young men to afford car insurance in the UK. The EU ruling means that's no longer the case. Insurance is still often very expensive for young and inexperienced drivers, but at least the additional huge surcharge for being male has gone). Our "equalities" minister opposes this change and wants to make driving for young men completely unaffordable again (which effectively forces quite a few to break the law by driving uninsured). 




 Seems that the victims wouldn't testify, something quite common in domestic violence cases. Not really the judge's fault if witnesses are too scared to appear in court. 




 In case people are wondering, the vile misandrist feminist is Green Party politician Beatrix Campbell:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beatrix_Campbell 




 This is the same "Equalities" minister who only favours equality when it benefits women. For example, when the EU ruled that car insurance premiums should be based on the merits of the driver, and that punishing men for being male was sexist , then she openly opposed the ruling!

http://www.telegraph.co.uk/women/womens-life/9764984/Womens-very-unfair-Christmas-present-car-insurance-price-hike.html 









 I generally regard the BBC as biased cowards, though to give them credit they did at least show the cover on Newsnight. I can only guess that these cartoons are slightly more palatable to the Guardian/BBC management due to the the fact that Charlie Hedbo is left-wing. Still, a much welcome move and nice to see these two to actually be acting in a commendable fashion on this topic for a change. However, there's still no image on the BBC website.

A quick Google search shows quite a few US outlets publishing the image, such as CBS, Yahoo, Business insider and ABC.

The Telegraph only has the text, which is better than nothing and certainly preferable to both the Mail and independent who have nothing whatsoever. 




 Some pretty nasty feminist "academics" work at Warwick (or at least did a few years back when I read about them) and some of Harman's kids went there (and got special treatment). Therefore it's particularly surprising for this paper to come from an academic at Warwick. 














 The problem is that they make these same standards ridiculously low in order to try to accommodate female officers. 5.4 on a bleep test isn't really any sort of real fitness test. It's just a race to the bottom really.

Furthermore, in some ways such a test probably favours smaller and unfit females who can repeatedly change direction more easily than large muscular men who might also be carrying a few pounds. 




 Another way of looking at the figures is that rougly 1 out of every 12 females was unfit for duty compared with 1 male out of every 83. 









 Try this youtube link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOvTgi2bRgY 




 Complete nonsense, there are a great many political organisations out there and misandrist groups who are classed as charities but clearly do more harm than good  (or at least do enough harm to cancel out the good). 









 The best argument against such disproportionate funding is the introduction of the HPV vaccine. That's going to make it an much less significant health concern in a few years time. Funding of research should look at medium or long term projections, so it's likely to be particularly wasteful to throw so much into research of something that is now largely being vaccinated against. 














 The feminist behind the "Freedom Programme" is Pat Craven, she appears extensively in this clip I'd saved from 2009.

From the video description:

"A good deal of exposure - far too much - was given to Pat Craven of 'The Freedom Programme', whose contribution echoed her organisation's website http://freedomprogramme.co.uk in portraying a parallel universe in which victims can be assumed to be women, perpetrators can be assumed to be men. In common with many women running organisations focused on female victims of DV, she showed not an ounce of compassion for male victims, not recognition of female perpetrators. These women are so driven by visceral hatred towards men as a class that they can't even bring themselves to PRETEND to care about male victims.

Ray Barry is the leader of Real Fathers for Justice, and will be standing for J4MB in Broxtowe at the coming general election. His media performances are always impressive - whether on television or radio - and this is a particularly good example. His contributions start at 5:23 and 15:42. In the first contribution he presents data from the British Crime Survey, showing the consistent figure of 40% of victims of DV being men, which Pat Craven blithely says she doesn't agree with (!) then changes the subject by turning to Cristina Odone." 



















 How about not linking to this trash in future please? 
























 A far more pressing issue in education is the inability to recruit male teachers, particularly in primary schools. I wonder if he also supports discriminating against female staff too? (and would be willing to state as such). 














 Can highly recommend the order-order blog for the most part. Non UK readers might not be aware that the blog rivals newspapers in terms of the traffic it receives. Also it is considered essential reading for every politician so it's great to see feminist hypocrisy exposed to huge a large audience. 









  Firstly, he discounts the fact that some women aren't permitted to use mixed gender spaces due to religious and cultural restrictions

Those same restriction also apply to men of that religion though, and no religion has vastly more females than males.

 Secondly, he assumes that a gym membership fee somehow equates to a fixed number of hours of usage of the gym.

it's not hours of usage, it's about access. If the council were truly taking gender issues into consideration they'd see that men die earlier than women and thus exercise is crucial in combating this disparity. They'd also know that men work longer hours than women and commute longer distances and therefore have the most severe restrictions on when they are able to go to the gym. If the gym are then making this problem even worse for so many men, then it's discrimination twice over.

 If he's not going to sue for his right to use the kiddie pool 

Actually some pools have banned fathers with children from kiddie pools in the past but not mothers. I'd hope they get sued too. 




 I remember seeing the woman behind this "Freedom Programme" about 5 years ago on the BBC. She was completely obnoxious, in denial about male victims of abuse. It wasn't an interview they were doing, just a debate, yet she plugged her stupid business at every opportunity as if it were a cure for cancer. I'll see if I can find a clip. 



















 He was banned for expressing concerns about his son's education. Schools are notoriously anti-male and it's noteworthy that they'd illegally ban him from the school rather than actually address his concerns. His concerns pertained to a child with a particular condition heavily associated with being male too, so that's a third possible level of relevancy.

Hard to tell exactly how much of an men's rights issue it really is without more detail though. 




 You forgot the link. 







































 She has already been forced to withdraw two different posters by the ASA. Pretty scandalous that Northumbria police are lying to everyone and using taxpayer money to spread these lies. 




 I can't link directly to the news article because Reddit doesn't allow Express links. 














 Good point, but you can still remain anonymous in the offline world to some extent, and it's often a good idea to guard your privacy anyhow.

Posters can be put up at night, PO boxes can be used and pen names or pseudonyms aren't going to casue any issues in most circumstances.

Alternatively, just ensure you are always recording your activities and then your safety will also be much increased. 




 Baird is a really nasty piece of work, it's great to see so many people working hard to hold her to account and expose her lies and misandry.

it's notoriously hard to get the UK Advertising Standards Authority to make sensible decisions when it comes to men's issues, so to have multiple successes is really impressive indeed. 




 The issue is to get "out there" more, even if online. For example there's 1,000 other subreddits out there, the majority of which are run by decent people or at least have users who favour genuine gender equality. 




 I think the point Mike is making is that one can waste an awful lot of time engaging with feminist idiots and the same goes for talking in echo chambers. Ultimately we need to be more focused on achieving more concrete goals and while I don't agree with all of his points there are some incredibly valuable tips there. Online activism is just as relevant as other types, but it's also true that it can at times be pointless - for example if hardly anyone is reading a blog or a post.

Our message and arguments are becoming much more widely understood and accepted online these days, so it's now more important than ever to move into more traditional mediums too. 




 This is one of the best articles on the J4M B site IMO. I think we all need to spend more time on effective activism and less time being diverted and having the message controlled by feminists. 




 Non-Guardian link: http://www.9news.com.au/national/2014/12/30/13/38/queensland-woman-arrested-over-end-of-month-murder-and-alleged-murder-of-four-children 




 Actually men are faster at distances such as you mention (the Channel is "only" 20 miles or so). Women only start to outperform men at ultra long distances, more likes 50 miles plus.

Ultimately there isn't so much difference in swimming ability and the key issue is survival. Women have the advantage here, and it has nothing to do with being able to float. What kills people in the sea (particularly this time of year), is the cold. Women's extra body fat gives them quite a significant advantage. Some communities in Japan have use female divers for exactly this reason. 




 You seem to assume that all Labour critics are fans of the Tories and vice-versa. While I'd certainty vote for the later over the former, I still regard most of them as idiots, and I'm proud to say I've never voted for either in any election and never intend to do so in the future.

In most policy areas there really isn't much difference between Lab/Lib/Con. While the ideologies can be a little different, they all now tend to have very similar approaches to all the main issues, all favouring their friends in big business, surveillance, censorship, PFI, the EU, mass immigration etc. You write the above as if we'd expect the Tories to have a totally different approach to spending to Labour. If Labour outflanked the Tories with buying votes with unsustainable and unpaid for spending, then it's quite hard politically to oppose such madness. Anyhow, your thinking is the opposite of reality, and we should in fact expect any two (or three) parties that were so similar ins o many areas to have essentially the same/similar (stupid) spending plans.

Put simply, the fact that your opponent is equally as incompetent and stupid as yourself, is not defence for reckless actions, and the Tories certainly aren't really to blame for much as they didn't actually do the damage themselves (merely being guilty to failing to oppose Labour in doing said damage). Furthermore, the Tories wouldn't have quite the same access to the books as Labour, thus might not have quite have appreciated the scale of the problem quite as soon as Labour would be able to.

Your last paragraph is also nonsense. For example there was at least 1 Lib Demo who predicted the crash and called out labour on it. I'm not sure what UKIP's position was but I'm sure they wouldn't have supported much of anything labour did so they probably hold the high ground too or at least don't deserve condemnation. The same probably goes for the Greens, and probably also any old-school genuine Conservatives. 




 The state they left government finances in does "wreck the country" though. And not just now, but for generations to come. Even the interest we're now paying on all the debts is now enormous and it's not as if we've been left with much to show for it either and despite the recent cuts, they've barely made a dent into the problem.

Furthermore, wrecking the country is also about far more than mere money and economics, and Labour are guilty of wrecking multiple aspects of our society. 




 Some good points so far, although more suggestions for actual policy ideas or just subtle tweaks would be useful too.

I think a few people slightly misunderstand where J4M B are coming from here. From the look of things, they're not in the business of biting their tongue and glossing over uncomfortable issues. They're certainly getting noticed and the manifesto is quite impressive in its use of sources and academic studies to make a case.

I think the sort of feedback they're looking for more than anything is in relation to actual science/statistics, not to mention people suggesting solutions to issues. Therefore if you do have comments it would be wise to back them up with sources/stats, otherwise I doubt you'll change anything.

J4M B do seem fairly radical in their positions and I don't see any problem with that - for the most part that's entirely necessary at present (for example , the moderate fathers groups achieved almost thing for some 30 years until Father4Jsutice put father's rights on the map). What J4M B do need to ensure is that every single argument they make is  intellectually bomb-proof, every proposal is entirely feasible, and that the document si completely consistent and considers any possible drawbacks of the proposals. 




 Link to a recording of the actually BBC radio 4 broadcast that debunked this myth: http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b00k9p0t

And here's some info on the BBC's website: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/programmes/more_or_less/8051629.stm

 




 Daniel Andrews certainly is scaremongering, his stats are a complete fabrication:

https://robertwhiston.wordpress.com/2011/06/03/27/ 




 Daniel Andrews is lying. The BBC have totally debunked his "statistics" about domestic violence being the leading cause of death and injury to women under 45, it's a complete fabrication:

https://robertwhiston.wordpress.com/2011/06/03/27/ 




 Even the BBC have totally debunked that leading cause of death and injury "stat" (though only as a result of them broadcasting it first and people complaining).

https://robertwhiston.wordpress.com/2011/06/03/27/ 




 Yes that "leading cause of death and disability for women in 45" is utter nonsense, probably based on a UN report which was then based on nothing. Furthermore, i don't recall Australia even being mentioned, even in the usual lie, so they've added an extra layer of bullshit on all the existing bullshit!

Even the BBC have debunked it, here's the full info, enjoy:
https://robertwhiston.wordpress.com/2011/06/03/27/ 




 No it's fine, as I said Mike needs to link to proof. I'd only have disputed your decision had his post been more water-tight in proving the allegation. 




 Well he challenged her publicly live on BBC radio, suggesting she retract the lie and I also understand UK libel laws have undergone some reform in the last year so they're not nearly as open to abuse as before.

I suppose the page really have linked to the source that proves it to be a lie, but other than that there's surely no issue in calling someone a liar is it's clearly a factual statement (and particularly they've been informed they're lying yet still continue with said lie). 




 They're discriminating against male students despite the education system blatantly favouring females for the last 40 years, with the gender education gap in the UK at a record high.

This is just a smaller example of the problem, and Brunel univesity hands out 22,000 to certain female students now! 




 There's one Reddit account who's sole purpose is to "expose" the fact that I have a concern in men's issues. That's all he does. It's quite flattering really though also concerning that our opponents have that much time on their hands  (and nothing better to do). 




 welcome to Reddit/mensrights! 




 It's interesting to read all the different offences she's committed, goes to show just how far feminists have to go to get in trouble at Wikipedia. I suppose at least when people finally had enough they eventually did the right thing. 




 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Airline_sex_discrimination_policy_controversy 




 Note, this doesn't' seem to have been updated for a few years and Virgin recently bowed to pressure and ended their use of the policy. I'm not aware of any other changes though. 




 Have you prosecuted any false accusers? 




 Will they be allowing people to choose non ethnic minority drivers too, such as in places like Rotherham?

The recent Muslim rape epidemic of 1,400 children there has led to many customers requesting white drivers, and for good reason too seeing as not only was the taxi industry was directly linked to many of the crimes, but also almost none of the rapists have been arrested and the crimes was largely ignored and covered up by the local politicians and police. 




 It's actually rather unhealthy for men to keep their legs closed together for too long because the excess heat results in a lowered sperm count.
So in other words this iseffectively a feminist campaign to damage male fertility. 




 it is satire 




 Goes to show that simply getting a few more male teachers into schools won't solve anything. If it's a misandrist environment then the only male teachers who'll want to work there will be  the very worst kind of male feminists (or clueless idiots who don't' realise hat they're getting into).

The culture of these schools needs to change fundamentally. Would a song with "girl" in the title also be condemned? 




 Wait, so the MTA are going to run a campaign about this next year? is bad enough to tolerate insane feminist ideas, but to actually join in beyond belief. 




  I don't think you'd appreciate it if this subreddit was suddenly filled with posts about FGM either.

Would have much of a problem with that and i think you've inadvertently identified the real issue here. If anyone brings up FGM in a discussion about MGM the almost unanimous response is that its completely wrong, a violation of the children's rights, should be illegal and the perpetrators prosecuted to the full extent of the law, just as with MGM.

Now if feminists could actually bring themselves to say the same thing about MGM and if they were to be as inclusive as us, then there wouldn't be so many MGM comments because their sexism and incredible double standards wouldn't have to be challenged. That is the issue at heartt of this problem. 




 Sorry but that's bullshit. Either it's ok to mutilate kids against their will or it isn't.

Victims of FGM would actually be better protected too if governments made the genital mutilation of children illegal, right now it just gives the impression that the cultures who mutilate girls are being discriminated against and that those who mutilate boys are unfairly privilged and above ethics and the law. 




 how dare men bring the issue of circumcision into a discussion about circumcision! 




 They might not realise it, but at least the readers will 




 Try telling that to the hundreds of millions of of victims of MGM 




 and it's not as if MGM is used as a punishment and to try to stop boys masturbating... 




 Still a few sensible and pro-equality comments left uncensored on the second page of the comments of teh Guardian article. Please take the time to upvote them if you're against mutilating children's genitals 




 No need to start your own group, just put a few posters up instead. 




 Vandalising property is not a "protest" and it's blatantly obvious that he's a victim of quite severe harassment, again illegal.

I see you're quite anti-Islam, but i don't see religion as relevant here. Any perfectly sane and educated libertarian, Conservative or egalitarian would support the thrust of the article, and that wouldn't mean they didn't oppose some of the deeply unpleasant aspects of Islam and condemn the many problems it causes. 




 What possible consequences can their be for writing such an article, there's nothing wrong with it? Why would the cops or university have any interest in anything that he wrote when it's all so tame?

The only hateful and intimidating comments in thsi sage were those found on his door, yet you seem 100% fine with them, yet completely against the content of the article. If you want to see him expelled then the only logical punishment for the actual perpetrators of the crime would surely be a long period of imprisonment? 




 Your post makes no sense. On one hand you argue he has the right to write the article, yet then you contradict yourself in wanting to see him expelled, therefore suggesting he isn't allowed to write it after all.

To make matters even worse, you want the victim expelled instead of the actual perpetrators of the crime! "Arguments" on this thread from U of M almuni such as yourself only go to show how his article hit the nail on the head and was clearly not only justified, but much needed.

It's also worth noting that some comments here look fairly similar to those of the perpetrators of the crimes. 




 We have university political controversies on here all the time, for example the recent attempts to ban UKIP.

If anything this is more notable, as it's an example of blatant and sexist hatred of half the population by the person running the union. 




 They usually use "J4M B" 




 No comments yet and only 3 upvotes? This is a pretty historic document, the first ever political manifesto concerning the human rights of men and boys.

It's early days , so hopefully everyone is still reading through it. Anyway, perhaps we can use this thread to highlight the best parts of the manifesto and point out any errors or omissions. 




  Who else is even talking about it?

Well no one right now because it's old news that everyone knows about, but it was huge at the time, mainly because of Milliband and Clegg both wearing the t-shirts. I'm no fan of Cameron but his refusal to wear it became a stroke of genius when the Mail broke the story about the workers  pay and conditions.

The didn't make the story up either, they actually invested in the investigation and sent journalists out there to see what was going on. If the journalists are now banned from the country then it looks like they've struck a nerve. 




 The Daily Mail broke this story, without them this huge controversy wouldn't have seen the light of day. They are effectively the go-to source for anything about this issue. 




 If it's a shitty article then please don't link to it. You're basically encouraging them and promoting their misandry. 




 It's not completely fair to blame cops and judges either, they don't operate in a vacuum, and it's those who  create the social and political environment whereby cops and judges thnk they needs too (or can) hand out pussypasses.

We should be most angry with any politicians pushing for unequal treatment and spreading feminist lies about women in prison. And we should be even more angry with feminists/female supremacists who spend their time trying to pressure politicians/police/judges into making imprisonment a male-only phenomenon and ensuring women are exempt from punishment in the justice system. 




  The average intelligence for both men and women is dead on equal

Studies either show dead on equal or very slightly higher average intelligence for men, though nothing significant. 




 Also, the degree to which men outnumber women at the high end is slightly greater to that at the low end. 




 I'd rather the govenment got around to the far more important and far cheaper task of actually fixing the rape definition in English law. In the long term that's going to be worth far more to male victims than simply fundng a handful of services. Furthermore, while some people might object to their governement handing out money to charities, almost no one can oppose them in fixing broken laws so they become fair and sensible. 




 there's also the issue of the Guardian describing the accuser as a rape victim in their previous reports. I complained to both the BBC and Guardian about their reporting but only the former backed down and corrected all their headlines and reports. Full info here:
https://hequal.wordpress.com/2014/11/08/victory-bbc-backs-down-over-dishonest-rape-victim-headline/

Many thanks for sharing this and for the excellent points above, although please try not to link to the guardian if there are alternatives available. 




 A few years back senator Anne Cools was the keynote speaker at a conference in Ottawa concerned with helping battered husbands. Feminists were in attendance in the audience and severely disrupted the event through shouting and assaulting attendees. There are numerous videos on YouTube of what occurred, here's one of the most viewed:
https://youtube.com/watch?v=qodygTkTUYM 




