 Just "finished" with HTO.. Heading in on Sat, Jan 31 to take my Tech, and Gen. tests.  
Very confident I'll be able to pass both with flying colors.  
  
Very happy with the service they offer, and have a *ton* of links bookmarked for future reference that I got during my study there.  
Another very satisfied customer.. 

  
When I start my study for Extra, I'll be back at HTO. Very good stuff there. 




 Wow, that looks like its seen some service, LOL..

According to the specs, it looks perfectly usable for a HT. And its right in the butter zone for 2M use. 

(downvote obliterating upvote from me :)  )

 




 or is it just me? 




 ..Because she's dead. 




 Wouldn't 3/14/15 9:26:53 be more appropriate? 




 I've spent time in both Dubai, and Trondheim, and I'll second that Trondheim is a very expensive city. A pint of Dahls Lager (you can see the brewery up on the hill from downtown Trondheim) runs $11-$14USD at the cheapest bars. The Taxi ride from the Airport to anywhere in the city was $135USD (~25KM travel, IIRC)

If you ever get out that way, check out La Familien.. Its a club downtown.. Got a great DJ :) 




 I've been shooting, and reloading for many years now. Unfortunately, my parents are not gun people.. In fact, for quite a while, they were anti-gunners.  For whatever reason, I really hooked into shooting. I have hunted, but my primary pursuit is the elusive tight group on a paper target. Its like golf, or trap shooting to me.. No matter how good you get, you can always do better. My "break in" info comes from the 80 year old goofball that took me under his belt, and walked me through reloading, shooting, and my appreciation of hoarding brass. Yes, I can clean a gun, with emphasis on long guns.. This 80YO goofball is my mentor, and he firmly believes that breaking in a barrel is important. This is what I had to go off of. I now understand that its not important. This .17 shot badass groups at 100 yds out of the box (I did clean it before shooting it, just to get the packing grease out of the barrel)  
.  
I'm a noob.. even tho I've been doing this for 20+ years. I'm only as good as the info I can get, hence; asking /r/guns if I'm talking out my ass when I ask if barrel break-in is something I should do.  
thank you all for your input..  

And, FWIW, My .223 shoots less than .7" at 100 Yds everyday. (40Gr Horn. V-max, with 23gr reloader 15)... :-)  




 Base model Savage 93R17.. Waiting on a Boyds custom stock (Varmint Thumbhole "Pepper" color) Tossed a cheapo BSA Sweet .17 scope on it.. Actually it dialed right in.  ~1.5" 5 shot groups at 100 yds. Not bad for a sub $300 rifle. 




 Cool. 

Thanks all for the info... I'm off to go sight this puppy in! 




 So, am I worried about doing the whole fire one, then clean, repeat 10X, then fire 3 then clean, etc.. - With such a small caliber, is there any benefit to doing this? With my .223, I even loaded up special "lapping bullets" with a light charge of reloader 15. (they were impregnated with varying coarseness of grit) Alas, this isnt an option for the .17  
Any input would be greatly appreciated. :-) 




 Leaded glass, and leaded stained glass refers to the lead H channel between the glass pieces that were lead soldered together to hold the work together. Lead boils off way before the melting point of glass, so the glass part of leaded glass does not, in fact, contain lead.  
Just a FYI :-)  




