 What should change then? 




 This is mainly my way of expressing pain, however I would like a few suggestions. 
I don't know if I'm a perfectionist or juts... a bad writer. 
Just a brief background about myself: I'm 16, and English isn't my native language. I began writing last year on a novel I had in mind. I've spend hours researching about the topic and elements I could use that will make it better. I really wanted to write, and I became obsessive about it. 
I could see this story so clearly in my mind, but I couldn't put it to paper. I gave up after a few months. 
On April I began writing another story of Fantasy, I've reached 14k words and it seems as an incredible achievement. I was really delightful and I thought I was on track of achieving it. I could already imagine myself as a writer, and finally achievement something I wanted to do. 

Writing a novel wasn't just writing a short-story I could exhibit to my parents. 

Today I finally reviewed my story and discovered that I'm stuck. Again. No matter how much I rewrite, it doesn't come out well.
I don't know if I'm a perfectionist or juts... a bad writer. 

I tried every possible way of becoming more creative. Some of those ways contained smoking/taking something, but it didn't last forever. I don't want to be drugged in order to become a writer, but even that didn't seem to help. 
Any tips/suggestions?
Thanks,
Daniel

TL;DR: I have a terrible writer's block that lasts forever. Should I quit writing? 




 I finished my first three chapters, but last month I reviewed it and said: "Well, I'll just edit this once a little bit."
Now, I can't move forward. What do I do? 
By the way, this is the first time I'm serious about writing a novel. 




 Thanks. 
Grammar is my currently my top priority. However, could you specify on what was boring? Lack of action, non-unintelligible plot or perhaps bad descriptions? 




 Les Brown   Ludovico Einaudi. [Example.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWA4uZE3ZMU)
 




 What setting and environment does it have? 
Is it a city, or perhaps a village, and how does it compare to the 'familiar' world? 









 Different writers have different ways of writing. If you feel the process takes long, I'd personally advise you to stop for a while, yet keep the novel within your thoughts. 
Don't just forget it, but continue to think about it throughout the day. Sometimes an idea pops out of just a simple thought. I've experienced many of those moments. 




 Electronics provide the 'easy way'. My characters can only wish for those.  




 Bioshock infinite takes place in 1912, and its environment was an inspiration for one of my novels. It's a videogame, but I suggest you take a look at it. 




 Irrational quote. Worshiping God is as developing skills or the spiritual side of your life. You don't have to admire only what's visible, but nonetheless I'm against destroying nature and other species.   




 She was disappointed in you writing? 
I'm 16 and I also spend a lot of time in front of the computer, mostly writing or 'getting inspiration'. 









 I still haven't told my family, and I'm not sure if I even want to. 
What about you? 




 Thesaurus! Thesaurus! 




 Hey, I really wanted to replay the entire Assassin's Creed series (As all of us), however I want to skip the chit-chat in AC:B they do in the beggining. Does anyone have a savegame of the game at Sequence 2? Thanks. 
(PC) 




 I'm currently editing, however so far I maintained about 800-900 words/day. 




 I hear you brother I'm 16 and diagnosed with ADD, and if that's not enough- English isn't my native language. You can try Ritalin if you have a prescription for it, however I personally hated feeling drugged (other than coffee. Coffee is magical).
Nonetheless, you can write fantasy. I don't know why, but writing imaginary secretions kept me more focused/motivated than other genres. 
Generally, it also comes with experience. Writing is difficult, especially if you have ADD/ADHD however it does becomes interesting, and occasionally addicting.  




 http://i.imgur.com/S7wxzCZ.png
Looks great, certainly easier to read (: 




 Windows 8.1 




 Please add an option to change the font. Other than that, fantastic website.  




 As the title says- which phrase of your story usually ends up as the best? Beginning, middle or the end?  




 Good advice, thank you. 




 I've been writing alot for the past year, however something disturbs me whenever I get an original idea. Is it wrong to write a SciFi novel about a theme that will most certainly provoke several societies (e.g., extreme religion, racism, )? Needless to say that I've no intention of offending anyone. 




 I wrote almost 35k words in my SciFi novel, and I'm beginning to wonder about illustration. I'm an amateur about anything that's related to the 'background' side of writing, and my question is how does illustrations affect a book? 




 'This is amazing! I'm amazing! - JESUS, THAT'S FUCKING TERRIBLE!' 




 I understand all the words I write, but describing without thesaurus seems terrible (I'm a student from Israel, and though I can understand every word an average American would say I can't think of those words by myself). 
Ps, this was written without thesaurus.  




 I need a writing software which has those 2 features:
1. It has thesaurus.
2. It has an app for iPhone. 
Do you know of a recommended program which has those features? Thanks. 




 A similar sound. I know about Ben Howard, he's pretty good. I'll listen to your other suggestions (: 




 Don't worry, I'm writing in Hebrew. 




 This is the most difficult thing to write.. Where do I even begin? Could you perhaps add a few good examples? Thanks. 




 I found this extremely usefull (and interesting indeed)-
http://www.remorselessfiction.com/quotes.html
 




 I want more. Please.  




