 have you restored or updated to 8.4 ? 




 let's hope it won't be necessary 




 and what if they get out of control ?  




 No issues here, have you restored or updated to 8.4? 




 Just bring the old app back ! 




 Sure, I'm sitting watching tv and I'm sweating just like I was running  




 The problem is virus and bacteria will get stronger and will resist our medicines 




 Have in mind the Air have a slightly bigger footprint 
 




 if the size and weight aren't a worry get the retina, your eyes will thank me 




 you'll be probably disappointed in less than a year with the 4s .. the 5s is the sweet spot. if it's too much get the 5. you could get good deals on it 




 it's really to force people to use Apple Music 




 The thing is there's 5 button on the bottom but I only use one ! The paylist, albums are all mixed up 




 yes sure, if the're certified they're fine. There are even gold cables now ! 




 don't use 3rd party cables/chargers  




 that'd be heaven .. For those who don't use Apple Music the new music app is rubbish .. great album artwork though 




 there are people that have a carrer like that, but i imagine it's not that simple 




 you're not harming your device by jailbreaking .. all messages are saves via iTunes backup. wpa2 I'm not sure, i used an app but was back in iOS 6 I dont know if it's working in iOS 8 but it knew all default passwords for thomson, linksys, and many other brands 




 indeed ! I wouldn't imagine having a stock iPhone, it's really boring .. that's what android users say 




 CCSettings for sure ! the stock control center is rubbish, you can't put the toggles you actually need ! C'mon Apple  




 it might be harder but iOS 9 will be jailbroken. cross fingers 




 I don't believe in 4K video. They'll start with 16gb storage .. 
more ram maybe..
force touch please ! 




 dreamboard and bitesms for sure .. Reading all the comments feels like travelling back in time  




 if nothing works I guess your only alternative is to try again 




 did you updated or restored to 8.4 ?  




 8.4 for sure. You'll get the new music app, of course it's rubbish if you don't care about Apple Music but still os the latest version. I updated from 8.1 and I notice better battery 




 it's just $1.8 in India 




 * backup in iTunes
* you restore to 8.4
* jailbreak
* restore backup
* open cydia add repos
* install tweaks, themes, anything you want from cydia

all App Store apps will be added after you sync your device in iTunes 




 you just need to write down the repos. Restoring from backup will get your tweaks working, make sure they're compatible with 8.4 ! Add the repos to cydia and install tweaks, all settings will be set  




 it will bring back all the tweaks' settings, just need to reinstall them. 




 you can try but restoring is 100% sure it'd work 




 all jailbreaks I did with 8.4 being the only exception (I haven't tried) were made after OTA updates 




 Actually you can,  you'll have to edit a file inside the backup which says the version. 




 I guess they're worried about you lol 




 Google how to put the iPhone in recovery mode  




 I restored my iPad and it was "waiting for iPad" maybe 10 minutes and it continued and restored fine. you have to restore it 




 it's enabled by default. I was just asking. If you have it enabled it's weird 




 it can be disabled inside apps in the stock settings menu. Check if you have it activated 




 they seem shorter, but the global clocks have one more second to count I am right ? 




 how'd we find stuff on the web ? 




 Exactly  




 That's really a shower thought ahaha 




 What about being in a self driving car and receiving a handjob ? 




 It just shows the diversity of the world. You can be hated in one place and be an hero in another  




 We would think how many people exists on earth. Limited number of children and so on  




 thanks ! The dedicated graphics it's not for everyone.. It's expensive but it's a great machine !! 




 it works just fine 




 Yes ! It's nice to have a jailbreak for the latest major release before iOS 9 




 just follow the steps and you'll be fine  




 i did a jailbreak using iTunes 12.2, the latest version and TaiG 2.2.0 today 




 that's the problem. I had the same issue. Backup your device and restore it. Then apply TaiG. Finnaly, restore from backup. Just need to add all repos to cydia. All tweaks' settings are saved in the iTunes backup 




