 I only add people I know outside of reddit as mods. And if they have more than one account, they can use the account that is already moderating.  




 Boxers or briefs? 




 How exactly do you make a beacon?
 




 The seed is 'gnocci' and the mountains get good at x -285 y 106 z 407. 














 The first thing I noticed in the album was the Deathly Hallows graffiti.  









 Mules are sterile. 




 I decided I would update the software on my iPhone. No problem, right? Wrong. I look and it shows the 'connect to iTunes' logo. That's not right. Next, I saw a notification that my iPhone was in recovery mode and needed to be restored. I figured there was no other way to fix this since it was stuck on that screen, so I restored of course. I'm just hoping I'm not alone on this.  




 This made me cry! I'm getting the last issue...I don't care what it takes!! 




 I accidentally built a house at cloud-level...but only the 2nd floor is at cloud level. It's pretty irritating to go upstairs and then there is a giant cloud taking it's time going through my house.  




 FAKE. Nobody has that signal with At T. 




 Piranha.  




 87...A ton of these names decided to run away from my mind. Time for a marathon... 




 I would put my best skill at procrastinating, but if that's not accepted, then I guess I'll just make them all feel a bit too awkward.  




 This is fantastic! I'm glad nothing like this happens to me; I'm also glad you're alright (physically, anyways)! Message me when next part comes around!
 









 I've used this a couple times. You can change the angle and difficulty (how fast it 'scrolls'). It's pretty fun and the faster it moves, the better the workout.  




 I'm wondering if I should even bother updating or not...It seems there are more complaints about 6 than praise.  




 I know that (I actually prefer that subreddit), but my friend really wanted one Luka-centric. So I gave her her subreddit...and tried to explain it wouldn't grow that large.  




 Absolutely.  




 I didn't put it there, actually. My building skills are quite horrendous. And I was on creative and like to use glowstone instead of torches around my house.  









 At least he didn't click an NSFW links...from what we can see. 
 




 The fridge seems like a good deal until you realize that $100.00 buys about 3-4 bags of decent groceries.  



















 If they do take out all of the well known characters for 4, the movie will do as fantastic as the final seasons of G1. Once the characters people know and love are gone, they stop watching.  









 Back in 6th grade I had the pleasure of watching one of my classmates do an oral report after having vodka for lunch. It was hilarious. He never got in trouble. Just suspended for doing other stupid shit.  




 GET SOME HOT SAUCE ON THAT SHIT. 









 I was playing Minecraft and noticed the sun looked a bit odd. It was a solar eclipse! Has anyone else witnessed this? If so, how often does it happen? 




 I honestly found the Bount arc terrible. And I thought it was canon back then-so it was supposed to be awesome! 




 That's a dub I haven't heard in a long, long time. 
 




 The only person I am super picky about, is Kisuke MUST be played by Owen Wilson. 




 You have a problem with pictures of a dead fetus posted online yet you're on r/WTF?  




 Fake. 




 Honestly, you should try to stay around people as much as possible. With this, the last thing you should do is isolate yourself. That's when the bad stuff always happens; when people get the logic of "I'll stay alone to save others." If he is truly this crazy, you being out of the way wouldn't necessarily stop him.  



















 This belongs on facepalm (facebook post) and it shouldn't be here (it's a screenshot, check the rules). Also, I really don't get it... 




 Hetalia has mentions of WW2 and focuses on the Axis and Allies.  




 Well...I am quite the Hetalia fan. So, whilst I was in social studies, we were already getting rather off topic and in my corner of the room, we were talking about WW2. I decided to blurt out "I love the axis! Germany is lovely!" My teacher didn't appreciate that and I had to go through and explain Hetalia to a room of non-anime viewers. 




 What's the age range? 














 Austria. 




 I think this is pretty awesome for LP and Transformers fans like me...but I'll never get one.  




 It's a my little pony extension for google chrome (ponyhoof).  














 Bidding ended at about $250.00. Little less..But that tab makes scary sounds.  














 J-just take all of my upvotes!!! 




 how...did...you...FIND THIS??? I could hug attack right now!!! 



















 More like Italian.  




 My friend wants to be buried in a tomb of anime plushies...mostly Sasuke.  




 We all remember in the first movie when Hagrid went and got Harry from his house after the attack, right? Well, what about when in the last movie it was Snape to get Harry out of the house? This is definitely the biggest plothole I have seen in the series. Feel free to correct me, Potter fans, if I'm incorrect on something.  




 Break Stuff -Limp Bizkit. My I'm pissed off song.  




 Skillet is a Christian band.  




 Don't mean to brag or anything...but...crotch scratches are nice.  




 One does not simply...get sick of pasta.  




 I really didn't realize how many pics I went through until I was done! That was quite the adventure though! I didn't think it would look so nice towards the end after seeing everything torn apart. Well done! 




 Will you be a redditor when you're older? 









 My sister works in a salon and gets hair splinters in her feet all the time. 




 Considering how anti-9gag reddit is, at least crop out the logo to avoid ridicule.  









 We were talking about alliances and stuff...I got sent in the hall after laughing about Germany invading France...three times.  




 Boxers or briefs? 




 My brother in law has worked countless hours in factories for the past six years to support my sister, my niece, and now my newborn nephew, and my sister doesn't even give him a birthday card or say thank you. He's sacrificed everything down to his laptop (she kept hers though) to keep them out of the streets and she is asking for a new otter box. She also hasn't had a full time job in the whole time they've been together...spent the past six years on an assistant teacher degree that she dropped out on a month before she would have finally graduated.  




 World is mine hatsune miku 














 GerIta, USUK, Spamano 




 Psh...once you've seen blue waffles, you've seen it all. 









 It was probably the only time Italy ever followed orders from Germany!  




 A walkthrough had to be a mood killer XD.  




 He has to be a little impatient...Italy probably has no idea what he's doing! 




 That might just break the internet...in the most awesome way possible.  




