 3 advil and a big cup of water. Works every time 




 Your husband had a girlfriend? 




 Yeah but what about before that? 




 Losing a loved one. Whether it be a parent, spouse, child, etc... 




 "You shut your mouth when you're talking to me!"

Divorce lawyer scene in Wedding Crashers 




 Your descriptiveness gave me anxiety haha  




 Because it's a story on the internet! 




 That looks like two separate pics side by side 




 Macallen 18 by far 




 I always have an excel spreadsheet with lots of numbers and colored cells open in the background. Whenever I hear footsteps coming by I simply minimize whatever unproductive thing I'm doing (usually reddit) and stare at the Excel sheet pretending to be deep in thought.    




 This just reminded me that my wait time for new lives is up... Time to crush some candy! 




 Looks to me like an aborted cat fetus 




 I bet the kid is gonna submit the same story as a success kid meme 




 If I couldn't tell the difference between the lab made meat and regular meat (i.e. taste, texture, consistency, etc), and it has the same nutritional value, then I do not see why not. So long as it doesn't have any unknown future side affects  




 Spongebob 




 So even after her car didn't run after filling it with diesel fuel the first time, she went ahead and did it again? And again after that? 




 I wonder if there's an infographic like this one for the Kiss nightclub in Brazil. Would be interesting to see  




 The squealing is totally normal for carbon wheels. I am still using the blue pads supplied from farsports and haven't had any issues 




 Meyer's household cleaner... anyone who has smelled this stuff knows what I mean 




 I've ridden some pretty steep descents, no issues with brake fade or heat issues. I've come to a stop from 46mph and everything was totally fine. I love the wheels 
 









 Wtf is a crouch fruit 




 Yes. 




 "One time this dog looked at me wrong so I stabbed it with a bayonet and let it bleed out in front of a bunch of school children" 




 I'm going to go out on a limb here... But I'm guessing they were abducted by aliens 




 Squats, deadlifts, bench press, overhead press, pull ups 




 TIL don't cut a tree down next to a corvette  




 He's turning away towards his mom  




