 Missed the Jesus story.., truth or dare? And there's a burning bush talking to me. 




 EA's DLC was slowly corrupting the best MMORPG of all time... Ultima Online, before I could act... I was a Bushido, Necromancer, with hiding, riding a white polar bear.  




 I lost my dad a year and a half ago on the day of his birthday... hang in there. 




 I appreciate the sound advice. 




 I don't see a bible? I see a post about a bad Realtor. 




 I'm relatively new to investing as a whole. So far in investing I put $1000 in GTAT at 16.50 and when it dropped to 13.90, I put another $1000 in. 

I know it's a big risk and honestly I don't really care. Not that I don't care about money but I'm 28 and I'm not tied up to any large financial burden. I would like to put $500 to $1,000 in a handful of penny stocks but not for day trading. I really would like to put my money in some up and coming companies.

I've been looking at a few weed stocks such as NGMC but also curious if weed does become nationally legalized if someone like Phillip Morris would just consume that market and change it's business model. 

Always curious about future tech companies; 3D printing, graphene, etc. 


- Penny stocks for long term investments? Speculative penny stocks with a real chance for a future?
 




 How much for the bathroom accessory
 




 I know..., there is a billion books on real estate. I'm a young Realtor and I'm trying to perfect my descriptions of properties. Double cove crown molding, built-in buffet, picture frame wainscoting. Is there a book that would have visual descriptions of home features. 




 Somehow this kept slipping under the radar for me. I received the book for Christmas and then lost it. Was cleaning out my grandfathers car and found it in there and just started reading it last night.... and I found five dollars. 




 Maximus Decimus Meridius, commander of the Armies of the North, General of the Felix Legions, loyal servant to the true emperor, Marcus Aurelius. Father to a murdered son, husband to a murdered wife.  




 Those boobs.... So Nora 




 Where's the pictures? 




 She tripped?  




 They would get shocked every time they touched anything......

except me. 




 SLI. 




 Ty Cobb. 




 https://www.google.com/search?client=safari rls=en q=bill+clinton+blank+stare ie=UTF-8 oe=UTF-8

 




 How the hell was GEIG at $170 and now it's at .01? 




 CRISS CROSS 




 My listing package is a video virtual your ($200), Home Warranty Supplied for buyer ($400), agreement to have the house open every Saturday/Sunday for the first 6 weeks and I never use a lock box . If an agent wants to show the property I'm always present because who knows the house better, the listing agent or an agent that's never been inside. With that said I never negotiate commission and a lot of Realtors list for 1-2% and never do anything. Really get what you pay for. 




 That's like 2-3 days ago on Shore Drive we had a helicopter, multiple boats, and 2 cruisers parked on the Lesner. I was listening on the police scanner from my place and they were looking for a kiteboarder until it was too dark to continue the search. My girlfriend works for WTKR and I asked her and she never heard anything and I never saw anything mentioning the search.  




 Complete stock newb so be gentle but when I look this stock up I can't find it. 




 Great post for a newbie like myself. Question... If I still purchased $1000 when it was .10 and I sold it at $20.00 and I was an unknowing purchaser. Could I technically sell and walk away making a huge profit? Or because they are bouncing back and forth would it make it difficult for me to sell? 




 Thats rouggggh!
 




 I just wish on Monday I put my life savings into CYNK and on Thursday I sold it all off, my weekend would have been delightful 




 There's plenty of options I'm a Realtor in Virginia Beach - shoots a pm with some contact info and I'll help you out .  




 It was my walk out song for baseball; Lupe Fiasco, 'Emperors Soundtrack'

Only fear God
Know the weapons of the weak
The weakness of the hard
And never fall asleep 




 I see that but I also see that they are opening another plant so I was thinking long term it will bounce back. 




 I just put a $1000 into GTAT, any other company stocks to look out for?  




 Where in Va just out of curiousity?  




 I've put it down for clients before. As mentioned the preparation is everything. I spent 2 days cleaning (intense cleaning, acid etching to pull up the protective layer put on it) but actually putting the epoxy down only only took me a few hours (2 car garage). If you're interested I'll post some pictures of the finished product. We matched the shudders and people loved it. The house sold in 5 weeks, I'm not going to say that's why but it definitely helped the home show well.   




