 Talking about the original 8-bit Nintendo system. What game do you wish was made but never was? 









 River City Ransom 









 Not sure why this has so many downvotes....it's awesome! 




 For sure, Mach Rider 




 What a coincidence. I have the same problem. 




 Actually made it myself without granny's help this time.  




 Yes siree 









 Did you have any business/technical challenges building and/or scaling the site? 









 This goes far beyond mildly interesting 




 Anybody been sued for leaving something out of your website Terms and Conditions? 




 Office Space 




 Don't do it unless you can afford to lose. Way too volatile. 




 When someone asks about my AskReddit pet peeve. 




 Should be based on the potential smell of the fart. Mild, airy farts are OK. Rotten egg farts are a definite no-no. 














 "I'll give you half the money you need for twice the equity you're offering" 




 Yes, I think he would be the least likely of all the sharks to donate money to charity. He's greedy with a capital "G". 









 If you can't build a prototype yourself, you'll need to use a site like Freelancer.com and have someone build it based on detailed specs. BUT, before talking to anyone, have them sign an NDA (non-disclosure agreement).  




 Sending a letter to yourself was basically useless even before the patent rules changed. You can send an empty unsealed envelope to yourself before you have an idea, and then add a letter and seal it later. Will not hold up in a court of law. 




 What type of business, if you don't mind me asking? 




 Unorganized with finances or everything in general? 









 Or buy one from eBay/Craigslist for $10. 




 "It's a one-year membership in the jelly of the month club.'

"Clark, that's the gift that keeps on giving the whole year" 




 Funny how Amazon released this "news" that isn't supposed to take place for at least 5 years on the day before Cyber Monday. Coincidence? I think not. 




 Classic! 




 Enjoy! 














 What about TV shows with intricate plots that require critical thinking? And what about the health aspect....still sitting in the same place while reading/knitting. 




 I can't say... 




 A toilet 




 I'd have to agree. Disagree with scientific research that says "all TV is bad." 




 Checking Reddit Front Page 




 TV gets the blame for people being overweight/using less brain power, but if you're sitting for the same amount of time doing something else, aren't they the same? 




 Flatulence 




 Plan my first appearance on SharkTank as a big wig investor. 




 Wow. Very romantic. 




 Or maybe he would feel right at home? 









 If nothing else, they made Reddit Frontpage, Top 10.  









 Man, there really needs to be an NBA Jam game for mobile. Could be a great pitch for an upcoming show. 




 The ratio of sharks to pie is too large.
 




 "Do you want to sit around and sing Kumbaya?" 









 Some deals have probably gone bad, but I would think most are way in the green. Any idea how much they've made? 




 Still, he seems to think his time is more valuable than any other Shark, and ironically, he probably has the least net worth. 




 Daymond is the only one who seems to do the shot clock on every offer. 









 Fingerprint 









 LOL, too funny 




 Price is Right Theme Song, 'cause I dig it! 




 Because they're so overused and annoying! 




