 Honestly this sounds like the perfect application for camera traps. 

http://www.basspro.com/Hunting-Game-Trail-Cameras/_/N-1z0ux3h/No-40 




 yeah, I could believe that depending on the pack.  There's still the mess factor though.  honestly not sure how much a pack cover  would help with that though since they don't cover the harness. i really want to try out large  poncho's again for that reason (and others) 




 It seems gist of the debate is that basically they are breathable and waterproof but only at certain levels of output, so they're rarely waterproof *and* breatheable at the same time.  At low output, low external humidity your internal humidity will be high enough to get pushed through (breathe) but low enough to not overwhelm it and get you wet.  [So it's breathable.]   (http://www.thegearcaster.com/2014/02/what-exactly-is-waterproof-breathable-fabric.html)

But when it's raining out, your internal humidity will essentially never exceed the external humidity, so it won't breathe, but it will keep the external water out to.a.point.  The material can still get [fully wetted and end up yielding to the rain.] (http://sectionhiker.com/why-does-rain-gear-wet-out/)

And there's the rub.  When it's raining out, it doesn't breathe well, so you're still getting wet by sweat. As wet as in a downpour ? Depends on you. Maybe you'd be better off just wearing nothing, or better off  in a fully waterproof layer  (forgoing any claims of breathability) or maybe dumping heat mechanically (pit zips, vented side pockets etc).  


It's tricky stuff, it's rather endleslly debated, and you'll see all varieties of approach to rain on the trail.   


http://www.andy-kirkpatrick.com/articles/view/the_truth_about_breathable_waterproofs

http://popupbackpacker.com/the-search-for-the-holy-grail-waterproof-breathable-rain-gear/

http://treelinebackpacker.com/2014/08/09/backpacking-in-the-rain/



In one day of constant drizzle marked by downpours on the AT this week  I saw very expensive membrane parkas on slow moving new hikers, I saw very fast packers just wearing windshirts (makes sense too, get wet, but at least you're keeping the wind chill off),umbrellas, me in my full on rubber rain coat, and folks who just wore nothing. Hard to say any of them were right or wrong.  

In the military I've used goretext parka's, pvc tops and bottoms, as well as simple poncho's.  They all have their place.  Goretex is comfortable and easy to deal with, it's built right into your jacket so you don't need an extra layer etc, but I absolutely remember it leaking when laying on the ground.  PVC absolutely won't leak as a material, but the design could have errors in it, and it's not as comfortable. Personally though, for just rucking, I happen to really like a large poncho.  It covers you and your ruck all at once, keeping your ruck drier than any cover could (which still doesn't cover your big ole sponges we call hip and shoulder belts), you get leg coverage, you get mobility INSIDE the poncho so you can do things like eat, smoke, grab the camera, whatever and you can choose to keep your hands out (using poles) or in.   They're also the most breathable waterproof layer *evah* and for trail hiking, I think they're the bestest.   Can't really ski, climb, scramble, run or do other stuff in them too well though.  




 I think there's a lot of truth in the comments as well.  If I get caught in a downpour, the contents of my pack may be fine, but I don't  like hauling a soaked pack that much; it really takes a very long time to dry out and is a mess later than evening setting camp.  




 Hey thanks!  I just drew them into my map and it all worked out perfectly !   Those new shelters are  really nice !  Raven Rocks is pretty much nicer than my house ....  




  I think I spent a solid 15 minutes deciding which block of cheese 
LoL, this statement itself is very calory dense.  




 I'm very impressed at how you can have your right foot to the left of the print, but your left hand to the right of it, while using (presumably) your right hand to take the photo from top dead center.  Are you by any chance a Competitive Twister player ?  




 You're going to be really surprised how quickly that 20 pounds comes when loading it up with real gear.  But like you said, go hit the trail with it. If nothing else it will be great for winter hiking where you need more space for lots of lightweight fluffy stuff and a big ole nerf ruck is perfect.   




 Really ?   




 Cheered me up ! 




 Planning a section hike and working off an older map... for the Northern section of Maryland, it seems like: 

- Ensign Cowell Shelter is a new addition east of Hemlock Hill shelter.  Correct ? Does Hemlock Hill exist anymore ?
- Raven Rocks shelter is a new addition, near the Devils Racecourse shelter, but on the opposite side of the trail. 

Did I get that right ? Thanks !  




 Just wanted to share something that's working very well for me.  I've read a lot of arguments for compound lifts, as well as for isolation lifts.   You can achieve the best of both worlds though by combining multiple isolation exercises at once though.   For instance, you can do preacher curls while doing say cable hip abductions if you just slide the preacher bench over to the cable machine.   You can also very effectively do dumbell back flies while on a supine leg curl machine, or do dumbell military press while on a leg extension machine.  This gives you time advantage as well as gym confusion which is very important to muscle growth.  

I've reduced my total work out time to about 20 minutes and although I'm not into aesthetics I have noticed alot of people stealing glances at me while I work out now. 
 




 I was fully bracing myself for the impact  of the Rick Roll, only to be blindsided by this.  




 Pretty sure this is like the third car shop thread in a month... should probably just make a sticky.  Here are my recommendations: 

-If you own a VW,  than Anker's on 40.  When I drove a VW only on rare occasion did anyone other than Pete or myself touch my car.  Does a great job, knows VW's inside and out, reasonably priced and very honest.  

- I recently needed an emergency repair and called around looking for a shop that could work on my car same day.  Dobbin Auto did the job quickly, and for half the price of my dealership.  I get very good vibes from them as well, and recommend them. I have since used them for other work as well.

- BP over in Harpers Farm is the wife's go-to place. Been using them for years, never a problem, always reasonably priced. 




 Bingo.  National or by it's airport code. If you're my age and call it "Reagan" I automatically know you migrated here. 

I never knew that Congress actually renamed it.  Seems like a really piss poor use of legislative effort, going around arbitrarily renaming things like they own everything.   




 Yep, I spent a couple years commutting from Howard County to Arlington County. Experimented with Metro and Marc, ultimately it was faster, easier and cheaper to drive, including high price of gas and renting a parking spot.   That cemented Metro as a failure in my mind.   




  The IRS holds on to it for me.   




 I'm not too big to admit OP got me.  




   GreaterGreaterWashington

Ok, I had to see the whole context to see you were recommending a website ;)  Thanks, I'll check it out !  




 Excellent... I can now justify more shoes... the wife will be so pleased 




 quick question, if you rotate through say two pairs of shoes, will each pair last *longer* than twice as long? In other words, do you come out ahead in terms of shoe longevity ?  




 Back in the day wouldn't you put stuff out like this and it would just disappear overnight ... ie you were basically donating it to someone who needed it more than you did ?  




 If someone who tracked the issues passionately wanted to start a more insightful blog/ website I'd contribute a couple dollars a month to it.  Not much, but start multiplying that by many folks and you may have a viable resource.  Perhaps could even kick start it. 

 




 I did a lengthy commute for years, and pretty quickly worked out that it was not only cheaper but actually faster for me to just rent a parking spot at work and drive.  

They built a major  subway system in a major city with no express trains.  The fact that they were more expensive too was just insult on top of injury.   

 




  I really don't  understand how public transit can cost more, while taking longer, than a privately owned vehicle.  




 Right now I think I'd rather have one of those guys as president than any of the choices I suspect we're going to get.   




 [/r/DragonsFuckingCars](http://www.reddit.com/r/dragonsfuckingcars) .  You read that right.  




 that does seem more effective. no convoy of dump trucks to carry away the waste soil needed, and you can probably drop that really, really deep each time.  




 I presume now the miniature rose plant is completely charred ?  




 Is it bad when that happens ?  




 Holy Cow, it looks like a Walmart ! 




 Word up.  If you can't fall asleep in under a minute sleeping on a pile of rocks, than you ain't tired and probably should be carrying the gun or the radio. 




 oh yes, I remember that.  Some schools still do that bullshit; pushing kids into fundraising for them, knowing damn well that it's really just the families paying for whatever crap they're promoting.  

 




 Crackers on sale, buy them by the bloc. 
 




 even after I learned it was brine shrimp, I thought it was pretty amazing that there's an aquatic animal you can ship around as powder, and would have settled for that.  

But that didn't even come through.  I do remember those "Olympic" ads too though, with the "Mr O".  Man, we really let people just scam the hell out of kids back then.  I'm surprised there weren't Joe Camel ads in comics.   




  I ordered some of these and had my first life experience in the realm of false advertising.

Funny, that's exactly what I was thinking.  




 I would, and then I'd out this gym and the manager for not doing anything about it.   




 There's a whole lot of Nope going on with that frog. 




 Just more of everything.   More mom and pop restaurants, more ethnic foods, more cool shops, more mom and pop shops. They have sidewalks, and you can walk anywhere.  Even in between towns.  More of everything there, except lakes.  

We win on lakes, hands down.   It's pretty cool having a beautiful lake in your neighborhood, gotta give Columbia that.  

And we have better highway intersection for sure, but we're still so far north that even with the highway options getting to DC takes forever.  I'm not all that interested in getting to Baltimore. 

And housing here is cheap; you can still get a sfh for mid 3's here. 

 




 What does Lotte mean ?   There's a string of Asian super stores around DC called "Lotte Plaza".   




 Is that a Korean Costco ?  




 /r/TalesFromThePizzaGuy/ 




 So ... pretty good ?  




 You mean but NOT a spreadsheet ? 




 YEP, I'll be having seconds.  




 So, I wonder if there's any resolution for the organization pushing 1099's on folks ?  There is a pretty clear definition of contractor, isn't there?  Isn't there some way of saying "look, these folks aren't contractors, and this tax burden is on you not these folks" 




 I'm not familiar with the specific HBO problem, but generally speaking here's why using IP addresses instead of names can fix things:  

The Internet Protocol doesn't recognize words as computer addresses.  To send traffic to the right places, it wants IP addresses, such as 192.168.1.1, much like your postal carrier can't deliver mail addressed simply to "Reddit" but rather requires a proper street address.    These IPs are difficult for people to remember though (quick, what's the IP address for a popular search engine? a popular web based email app ? a popular internet content aggregator and voting system? ) so the Domain Name Service, or DNS provides a collection of cascading servers taht translates word based names such as Reddit.com into IP addresses such as 198.41.209.137. 

Your computer has to be able to speak to your DNS server though, and that DNS server will have to speak to other servers as well to ask for say new addresses it hasn't heard of before, get changes in addresses, etc.   Sometimes these servers are slow.  Sometimes they are poorly managed and have old addresses.   Sometime they go down, or there are network issues reaching them.   In these cases, you may experience delays in "name resolution" - resolving the hostname to the actual IP address.   Depending on the situation these lags may add up and cause real problems. Sounds like in your case the servers were down completely or just had completely bad records in them or something.  By specifying IP addresses for things instead, you're removing the need to resolve hostnames, thereby removing those lags or blocks.

HTH.  




 I wanted to find a meme of some incredibly cute baby goat throwing you an upvote, but then figured it would never google, so I just typed this out instead.   




 There seems to be little evidence that his grandiose stories are anything more than just that.  




 To think in the 90's we were field testing prototypes all along and never knew it. Of course ours were green, as these new ones are clearly for Black Ops use only.  




  under-appreciated aspects of the city

Random ideas: 
- the Zoo.   
- tour Congress
- visit the Crystal City Underground.  It's a small shopping mall, underground. 
- tour the Pentagon
- Check out chinatown.  It used to be a fascinating place to hangout.  Loads of Mom n Pop chinese restaurants and gift shops selling the coolest most interesting stuff.  Except nowit's a gentrified sports arena area. Genuinely not sure how much actual Chinatown stuff is there, but if other folks say there's still some original stuff there, go check it out.  Used to have an awesome ginormous dragon arch over the street too that was very much worth photographing.

- see a movie at the Uptown
- go see an all-ages show somewhere.  call around. try black cat for instance.
  
- walk/jog the parkway on the weekend when the road is closed.
 




 Seems rather common in gyms though actually.  I think it's for the purposes of appearing more price competitive. 




 Sure, I'll have to go find it then I'll PM you.

Does the cold help by keeping folks indoors, so you get less obstructed views ?  




 If Hanover == Fort then yeah, it's really great.  Great employees, great patrons. All in all best gym experience I've ever had.   Unfortunately, I find myself willing to drive over there less and less and looking for something closer to home.  Really wish there were a PF here. 

I've been thinking about going back to CA recently just due to proximity and because if my family ever decided they wanted to venture back into a gym it's a great place for all of us.  But yeah, they do to much differentiated pricing, and I recall the free weight room always seemed dominated by hordes of kids.  As a rec center though they're great... I mean really, racquetball, pool, hottub, indoor tracking, skating rink... actually I may be selling myself on it again ;) 

If  you want to lift seriously then Colosseum is probably your first and last stop.  I'm guessing there were competitive lifters in there when I took a tour.  Loads of very, very serious looking equipment including strongman stuff like tires and hammers.  




 [ edit: background: i was told to train pullups for an obstacle race. ]

After my main 3 lifts I do cable curls, lat pulls and seated rows.
can I replace those with pullups instead? 

 




 that's really cool !  




 Where do you live ? I have a full time career, but for 15 bucks a pop I'll make a second job of bringing you pizza and smiling.  




 ok, but in fairness, if they really do get a boatload of free equipment, that's a nice help. But I've never considered it good 'publicity' given that reality shows have always played on morbid curiosity.    




 that is a lightning rod. 

Ah, of course.  You definitely wouldn't want to risk a lightning strike up there. 




 publicity you get for being on the show probably help.

Yeah, I don't know.  I suppose it could turn out well for some, but my gut really tells me the publicity of featuring your shop in a soap opera is a short game.  But  who knows....  




 I've spent half my life in Rockville and half in Columbia. I'd say Rockville is way, way more walkable than Howard.    




 This is great !!   




 that's a really good rate for CA. 




 They should have gone the extra mile and just used a Mr Hankey on the sign.  




 "and then we'll place this nasty spiky looking thing ... let's see, where would my head go if I fell over backwards... right. There. " 




 Aside from classes, shows, utube etc I would suggest finding a good cookbook.  Many of them, like Joy of Cooking, aren't just recipes but will also teach technique, selection, prep and many foreign food cookbooks will also even teach the culture and history behind a dish.  

I actually learned alot  from Joy of Cooking.  It's always been my  cooking bible. 




 really need to borrow a tripod 
Are you a Columbia resident ? Which village ? I may be able to help with that.  




 yikes.  sounds like it was being used as transient housing.  




 Man. I'm seeing this way too late, and I'm not a huge board game guy myself, but I think this is pretty awesome to do, Second Chance seems like absolutely the perfect place and crowd for it, and it's definitely kicking things the old school Columbia way.

tl;dr:props. 




 "Pentagon City Mall".  "Pentagon City". "Pentagon".  Think about that.  Not so odd, and unfortunately there's constant issues with whackjobs.   




 if you really want to lift heavy and lift hard check out Coloseum.  Personally I'm a huge fan of PF though.  I belonged to the Y and CA for years and recently checked out several gyms closer to home, still can't beat PF IMO.  True not alot of heavy free weights, and no racks; I just bp, squat and DL on the smith rack and then use the cable machines for other stuff. 

Also, nothing else in the area comes close to PF for cardio gear.  Not just number of pieces but variety as well.  They have like a hangar of equipment.  




 there are many, many different variations of saws, even just among those used for tree work... so by 'normal' I presume you mean a bow saw, pruning saw or other type of manual saw.   i need to chop up a tree, much of which is 12" or greater in diameter.  I'd rather not do that via a manual saw.  But yes, of course, I could.  




 Dan and Matt - from your Farcebook page I know you're watching this thread.   Please give us a way to subscribe to your paper that doesn't require facebook.    I wouldn't mind hardcopy in sleeves and board.  I'm serious.  




 this is pretty much how the Onion started.  Everyone started somewhere.  I remember reading Matt Groening in the back of the City Paper long before he got his big break on the Tracy Ullman show. I have a signed copy of Jeff Kinney's "Igdoof" which he was selling in the Stamp hall at Maryland in the 80's.   




 The section at the bottom is EXACTLY my impression of Baltimore TV news.   




 Of course.  




 Sweet !  I appreciate the advice.   




 Hey, I'm terrified of skateboards (rode one once. Once. Ended up in the ER,lOL) but my daughter wants to skate.  She's had a board for a year or two but never really touched it, but recently her and her friends got some mini's and they're breaking them out alot more frequently,so I want to support and encourage her skating.

Penny brand though).  She needs protective gear - do you think [these helmets]  (http://www.dickssportinggoods.com/family/index.jsp?categoryId=15682616) are decent ?  Are is Zoomiez better ? Or should I check out some Mom and Pop skate shops ?

And is there such a thing as skateboarding lessons, like weekly group lessons, that sort of thing ? 

And last question - we have a coupleparks around here. Is it easier building basic skills on a half pipe versus say the street ?  

thanks !  




 /r/justiceporn 




 Yep, been shopping at Andy's place for years and years.  




 thanks /u/chkenpooka.  i've rented stuff from them in the past too ... was really hoping just to borrow for a few minutes.  I also happily lend tools to my neighbors.  It makes no sense for them to spend money on something they'll use once when I already have it sitting around taking up space. 




 Thanks Paul, they would ... and now they publish their rental rates as well, which is great.  But it would still be around 50 bucks when I really just needed one for a few minutes.

AND, I'm hoping to invigorate this really novel concept of sharing.   




 I too an very well travelled and I can definitely think of plenty of worst places, but I'm maybe 2 years away from bailing on this town and moving back to Montgomery County or, more likely, Va.   If I'm going to have ridiculous congestion, I at least want some amenities for it.  No, getting another fake Italian chain restaurant doesn't count.  Columbia started off as one of the coolest, hippest burbs I'd been, and has rapidly turned into everything that's wrong with the suburbs IMO. 
 




 I had a small tree come down on the fence and I need to get it up out of the neighbors side.  Does anyone have a small gas powered chainsaw I could borrow ? Wouldn't need it for long at all, probably a half hour tops. 

Edit: Hey everyone, I'm pretty aware of all the rental options around.  I'm really hoping to borrow, not rent.  I also readily lend tools to my neighbors.  




 so, the downside being a limited season ;) 




 step 3, learn to set your own anchors and bail on the gym fees 




 Mmm, I grew up in Rockville.  I'm increasingly using the word "sucks" to describe Columbia.  




 I have never understood why someone would put their restaurant/bar/whatever on one of these 'we fix your restaurant/bar/whatever' shows unless they had literally never seen any reality tv show, ever. 

These shows' entire business  model relies on making you look like the worst humans ever.  




 As you said, there's plenty of choices.  I would think about what's important to you first, so you have something to prioritize.  Is it free checking ? A good money market ? Low loan rates ?  Online banking / website  ? 

Then hit google maps and see which ones are convenient to you.  

I would actually compare versus jumping on say the first one available at work.  I've compared rates at my CU to other local popular ones and mine have been better; all  CU's are created equal. But many agree that they're all much better than the "big boy" commercial banks.  




 Yeah, I wouldn't blame the kids, but I definitely would expect better of the parents.  Not so much because it's a war memorial, but rather just because it's so obviously not a play thing.   That's what the triceratops outside Natural History is for.  




 A child born to poverty has a good chance of reaching middle class. Their children could become millionaires.

Personally seen both of these occur.   




 sounds like some sort of over  the heel footear is important, even if your run time suffers.  




 may I ask what you were wearing for lower body during the TM ?  




 i made a word for that. "hillarible".  people actually get it right away. 




 I WOULD GET HIT BY A CAR TO HANG OUT WITH DAVID CROSBY FOR A FEW MINUTES.  ESP IF HE SIGNED MY PROTRUDING FRACTURES. 




 Amen.  




 OMG the bikes in Holland .... don't get caught walking in the wrong place and when you hear the Brrring-Brrrring of Death you better move !  




 Sufficiently advanced incompetency is indistinguishable from malice.  




 Last November my first log shows 15 minutes on a treadmill set to 2.5 mph.  Last Sunday I ran over an hour, 6 miles total distance. Later  in the week I took over a minute off my short/fast pace, and was invited to join an obstacle race team.   




 So ... this is like 5k meets Holi so non-Hindi's can enjoy getting plastered in colors while "racing" ?   Ok, I'm intrigued.  

 




 yeah, i really, really wouldn't judge medical care by online reviews.  Buying a bicycle ? Looking for a good pizza? Sure, but medical care seems a bit ... I don't know... important(?) to judge by online reviews  




 Yeah, our public transport situation here pretty much sucks.  I've never bothered with the local  bus, but I've always been amazed at how Metro doesn't even pass the beltway over on this side. 

You're doing the right thing.  Keep looking for a carpool.  Don't sound at all whiny or  bitchy, just logical. You're like "I'm stuck on public transport, our public transport is shit, who wants a carpooler".  Keep seeking and eventually you will  find.   Good luck.  




 Honestly not sure how one would bike from here to University Blvd though; not due to distance but rather access.  




  2nd Chance Saloon
One of the few OGs left.  I don't go out much, but on the very few occasions I have it's been here. 
 




 Late 911 wears the late crown. 

 




 That parking lot is a travesty that never should have been permitted by the County.  But their mission now is apparently "Expansion, at any cost" 




 Holy cow what a blast from the past.  I lived right around the corner from there way back before the gentrification.  Can't believe Quarry House has been going strong all these years. 




 Hey neighbor, I'm in Wilde Lake too.  If you ever need to borrow a tool hit me up.  You may be surprised how easy it is to fix some things yourself.    




 all building owners

Oh, but this part's my favorite.  It applies to *almost* all building owners with one vivid exemption - government buildings.    




 Hmm. "They don't gotta burn the books they just torrent them".  Nah, just doesn't have the same oopmh.   




 That's exactly what I was going to say.  What if G-d is an OWL ?!?  And we were all made in Owl's vision ?  




 Here Chief

http://imgur.com/9fdDSNZ

I have about ten (running )miles in it so far and am still digging it. It's a perfect super light weight wind blocking layer for this kind of transitional weather. 

Only drawbacks - 

-Fabric is surprisingly water resistant.  As in form a cup with it, and fill it under the sink and the backside won't wet.  However, seams aren't taped... this is a wind shirt, not a wet weather top.  Perfect for fog, drizzle, mist though. 

- Pockets don't zip.  Don't put your phone/mp3 player in them. I just wear a pocket belt thingy instead. The pouch in the back does zip though, but it's in the back.  

At some point I'll have to weigh it.  




 In all seriousness, if someone made that version of the Echo, and made it for like 50 bucks, it would probably oversell the real Echo by 100%.    




