 Someone threatening my family. 




 Unless you are able to make up new words, you will be using words others have used regardless. It's normal, keep writing.

For the record, I made up the word 'bapple' you can't use that one. 




 I am a 6f tall, shaved head, goatee'd face, tattoo'd 220lb white male...you want to talk about profiling? I can't even cross a border with my kids in the back seat, they will search the car and ask my kids if I am their area dad.

Profiling works both ways here. 




 I finally had Amazon price match one of my works to free...and that single book is averaging around 250 'sales' a month.

My other works sell comparitavely slow, anywhere from zero - the low teens per month.

Of course, my promo time has been drastically reduced as of late and that is effecting my sales. As well as the fact I am working on my next release.

As far as patterns go? Yeah, if I self promo a ton, I sell more works, if I am silent, so are my sales. 









 Heap-O-pot-imus 




 If you need a second set of eyes, let me know. 




 You have to click that tab.

#headdesk#

You are looking at the banner add. 




 This is a better explanation than what I would say.

http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20060928230555AAePl7a

And it's much easier to paste a link on a tablet! 




 Actually, we trained for everything.

I trained my students for handling a drive by shooting.

When they got to the basic exam, it was a breeze because the basic scenerios were so easy com paired to what we practiced.

And yes, we used a weight, now remember that 50lbs on dry land is not 50lbs underwater.

We also taught students self defense in water, how to disable a panicked victim as well as how to get out of the grasp of someone who is trying to drown you.

I may add, I am a Canadian, our training has always been harder, my classes were harder than that.

One of my students has even gone on to be an Emerg DR in our local hospital. We still stay in contact. 




 I trained lifeguards for about 9 years of my life, you could have saved him with the right training.

But you don't have it.

You did your best, and are alive today because of that failure. I would say keep trying to find the woman, even if it is to only exchange a note, or a picture. It can greatly help with the closure you need.

You did the right thing.  




 I already did that one...sorta...I used solar radiation instead. :-)  




 Ferris Beulers day off...always a good watch. 




 Until we found out they used real animals and killed a couple dozen while filming, this was one my kids loved to watch. Not any more. 




 Found it! They messed the math it seems, best not make the same mistake.

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0708764/goofs 




 It's a drain. I don't drink from a drain pipe either. 




 Married my wife 7 years ago, but this year hasn't been lucky in the least. 




 My wife and I have been together for 9 years. This is our seventh anniversary and it was supposed to be a special one. 7 month 7 years on the 7th.

We had planned everything out, but about two days before we left, the whole family got sick. And I mean, SICK. Chronic fevers, persistent nagging dry cough, sore throats, ear infections. Plumbing went south, the whole works. So we are sitting with the kids and contemplating just packing it in 3 days early, and driving the 9 hours back home to just suffer there.

We forced ourselves to do a hike yesterday. And paid for it at night. It was one thing off a list of about 6 things we wanted to do.

It took us almost a whole year to save for this trip, we get one a year at best. And now it's a wipe.

This sucks on so many levels. 




 Samples?

Hit us with the first frame when you get it, would love to see it. 




 While I can't answer all your questions, I can tell something like this was done on star trek TNG. Perhaps some research into the science of what they did might help you. 




 My wife, my kids, my family. 




 The sun came up this morning,
It will again tomorrow,
These times an be tough, but you will pull through.
 




 Ahhhh! ooohhhh.... hmn. 




 My wife was 20 when we met, I was 31. What you are doing is perfectly normal, and a smart decision.

Your father...is your father. You will always be his little girl. I say this while looking at my 7yr old daughter watching my little ponies. One day, your dad and I will have more in common. Remember this and things will turn around for you. 




 From what you have said you are already -okay- with it. It's just the option of having a place to run to should you need it. Thats's easy to fix, find another place you can claim as yours for a few minutes/hours whatever you need. 

Library.

Coffee shop.

Another friends place. 

Always options. You will be fine. 




  The publishing game is truly one of the most ass backwards businesses...

You got me there. I would argue this if I could even think of a way to...

It just takes a single look at the rise of indie titles to see how the tides are shifting...even if slowly. 




 Losing control of your work isn't what you should be looking for in a contract. I know this goes against all common sense as an author, but you can decline a contract...If your publisher doesn't consult you on changes, makes all decisions for you, and treats you like the janitor...find another publisher. There are lots out there, and if your work is good enough for one, another will be interested.

Of course, on the other side of the coin, if this is all fine with you, hand over your labour of love, kiss it goodbye and start pushing a work that may or may not be what you started with.

Oddly enough, almost everyone who has responded to my comments are making great points for going Indie. I hope the OP is still reading them. 




  My publisher does no marketing...

That line alone makes my mind scream - find a better publisher! - 

Other than the advance, there would be no reason to even use them. 




 What other field should I pull my advice from if not the range of my own experience?

I class any traditionally published author as lucky, whether they have to push their own work or not.

I do believe many publishers are encouraging their authors to push their own work, after all, more sales are better for everyone. Yet, sometimes the time could be better spent creating more works for the masses that are waiting for it with baited breath!

(All readers still wait with baited breath right?) 




 I guess it would depend on who you are trad pub through. I have many author friends that actually are told to write and leave the promo to the people who are paid to do it. 




 There is some, thing, on the, wing... ( sorry couldn't help it.) 




 If you have unlimited time and energy, I say go indie. 

If you are human, shoot for traditional. 

This coming from an indie author...you spend %90 of your available time trying to find more ways to promote your work, and much less time actually writing it. If you expect quick cash from indie, think again. You really have to work for your sales and even a small lapse in promotion can make a big change in the trickle of sales you might have.

Of course, some indies do great.

Just not this guy...yet. 




 Up vote from a guy with a goatee and has nicked the edges of more times then I can count. 




 Okay, so straight out...I assume you are barely over 18 if at all, but when you were (are some day?) Have you ever felt an attraction to any younger woman, at all. Yes or no will suffice. 




 And the exact opposite is implied by yourself.

You seem to think that even though you never thought like this ever, (really?) that everyone else must not think that way too.

Or you willing to admit you are human now? Unless...you are the 18 yr old in question, then your reluctance to admit human nature makes much more sense. 









 No...I said in my experience...

 You are including the world.

And now at the age of 40, I know that this is still true more often than not.  




 You mean to tell me that you weren't? Or you aren't a man...please. Lie if you like. Whatever makes you happy. I controlled myself, like many others, but to deny the fact, that's just sad. 




 Or she has a few of her friends over to have a -talk- with him...or not...just speaking as a dad of a soon enough to be teen daughter.

PS: I was an 18 yr old boy once, we can't be trusted...even though I was raised with morals, I still knew what I wanted. 




 Being on the front page of Reddit... oh wait, that wasn't a dream!  




 Filling your child's mouth full of candy won't change what your children think of you later. Stick with being a responsible adult instead OP. 




 Do a good dead for 3 random strangers...

Hey, that sounds like a movie I once saw...

Grants on the good karma! 




 All works on Amazon are a hard sell as an indie author. Do the shore sell better than my full story at 96k? No, but no worse either.

When I released them, Amazon had no option for distinction, they were just e-books. 




 Books 1-4 of the jumper series are all independent, yet best read in order. Book 5 ( in the works) pulls all the characters Introduced in the first 4 together, with resolution. Books 1-4 are 10-14k each, and 5 is slated around 42k long...after I have released 5 I plan on doing a full collection. Perhaps 6-12 months later. 




 Basically, if nothing is happening, why does your reader have to know it? Is what the character eating important to the story line?

If it doesn't progress the story, consider cutting it all together. 




 Very Welcome! 

Hope you enjoy it, and the book too!  




 He was doing it, koodo's alone for just that. 

And front page in 22 minutes. Don't know it that's a record or not, but dang...
 









 I took a different approach. 

I have 1 story, broken into 5 parts. I released each part as it finished (10-14k) and am working on the final chapter (roughly 40k, and by chapter I mean...ending)

While they are away with edits, I work on other projects, and am almost ready to release another 42k story.

It's not that hard if you don't mind having a couple irons in the fire at the same time. 




 I don't want your gold, hit up my books on Amazon instead and buy some of my books, cheaper and we both win! 

 




 Once you get enough works out, you can drop one to free. That way you can always count on a couple numbers on your Amazon page. Works for me anyway. Might not get paid, but not as depressing as that brown bar. 




 Raising a child is a decision. I too have had to make the same one, but from the other side. While to this day I still wonder what might have been, I regret, yet don't, my (our) decision.

Did you do what's right? 

No idea.

Did I?

No idea.

I am glad that you were smart enough to think before you made it, and not do something foolish...yet :-) 

Enjoy your life, plenty of time for children later on if the opportunity comes again. 




 Be very clear on your POV shifts, be it with new chapters, larger line breaks, or using dialog tags. Readers are easily confused if you don't make it clear. 




 And what was the point of this? To try and drag someone down? Maybe...just maybe...they won't try again.  




 I think it might be flooded... 




 Don't thank me. It's all you.  




 And with the smile he gave you, your beauty only increased. Enjoy your day, you are gorgeous. 




 Or don't take any breaks and plow ever forward. My first work I took breaks and never finished it. Some people write better all at once, never stopping. 




 Well I would be honored if you decided to grab one of mine some day. 




 **********-********-**********-*********

I used a number hider so you have to use your memory. :-)  




 I can make up stories inside my head and people pay to read them. 




 Bah...Amazon is always missing my books...when will they ever learn. 

:-) 

(Hey, I did hit the top 100 a couple times already this year! Just not for long...)  




 You are still breathing,
Your heart is still beating,
You haven't given up yet.
Keep moving forward
One step at a time.
You can start with sharing your art.
I, for one, want to see it.

I wrote poems when I suffered with depression. They are gone now, but they helped me with perspective. Art doesn't have to be everything to everyone. It just has to speak, someone will listen.

Now I write books. My angers and fears are found in thier pages. My art gives the escape when I need it.

Don't lose yours. 




 Speaking as a man that dated those girls, you are much better off. 

And koodos on the writing! That too is a hard road. Let me know if you ever want to swap a story. 




 Really? With the username gingerkid1234 you ask this? 




 "Think" 




 That's odd...if you pm your email, and choice, I will email you it tonight. 









 In the malls, book stores, coffee shops... 




 Great read, I honestly had no idea, and I consider myself rather well read...Thank you! 




 Hmn...And yet I see more people reading in public in the summer time. Maybe Canada is backwards in this...or we all hide when it snows... 




 I have heard it can help...course...it doesn't "always" help... 




 It's funny how easy it is to say, just do this...yet in practice it can be so far from easy.

Reviews - Check, plenty of great, and honest, reviews on my work. General concencuss is that -I are a good writer- ;-)

Covers - Meh...I have them. Could be better.

Categories - I cross genres a lot...did the best I could

Marketing - Limited budged and time. Every minute pushing is a minute not writing, working on the balance constantly. 




 All my works are still available via Amazon, and they have finally (took over a year) price matched one of my works for free. Unless you live in Canada, then it's still full price. Figure that one out...
 




 This time of year?

Never thought of book sales as having a best "time". What would be the best for pushing my next work that's coming out?

December? 




 No, my works are still available...and yes... under KDP Select, they willl "push" your work for you and submit it to others via email and the like...

I can't say they are, but I can't say they aren't either. You have to be pretty naive to think that in today's world things like this won't happen.

Is it happening to me? No idea...no way to prove it either way. 




 In short, I have been self publishing for over three years. I have used KDP to give away and do some small promo's with my works. My best month was last December when I put a really large push. I had over 5000 downloads of my works, all free.

Since that time I have seen a steady drop until this month where my books are almost at a dead stand still again.

Amazon sent me a letter that I had to remove my works from other markets, as they were in conflict with the rules of KDP. (They, Amazon, have changed the rules so many times now since I started, I just ignored them until caught. Yes, I know, my bad.) In response I told Amazon to remove all my works from KDP and they agreed.

As of that day, I have not seen a single sale of my work.

Have I been blackballed for not playing nice with Amazon?
Has anyone else seen results like this?

What are your thoughts on it?

(For some reason Authors have a very hard time coming clean with actual numbers of book sales. I don't have that problem, but I can understand if you wish to be vague about your own. It's your choice of course.) 




 You killed my father! Prepare to die... 




 A law enforcement officer is not exempt from laws. They will be ignored though if you ever decided to try and press a charge. The officers have no magic powers that make them able to do things any safer than the rest of us. 

Google how many times a police officer has caused a car crash and you will see what I mean. 




 Stop and look inside the next cop car you see, they have so many gadgets inside it's a wonder they can see outside the window. This photo might have been a fake, but I have seen many officers use a cell while driving. 




 Keep it minimal, unless those doors REALLY matter... 




 If you find yourself using the word -I- all the time, drop it. It's the best way to avoid poor first person writing. 

No-one wants to read

I walked to the store.
I opened the door.
Inside the store I looked for the poptarts.
I paid too much for them, but I like them enough to do it anyway.

Of course, sometimes -I- is unavoidable, but use it sparingly. 




 It only took five beats from the moment he jumped, but those seemed an eternity.

One.

The wind punished Aiden, shoving, and wrenching at his ruined clothes.

Two.

His arms stretched out, the magic built around him forming a bubble in time.

Three.

The scene of potential death burned itself into his memory, even with eyes closed.

Four.

In an instant a tunnel opened, seemingly to pass through the air itself.

Five.

*****

Aiden and Jess were only working on a science experiment to prove that the speed of light could in fact be broken. What they didn't expect is what would happen when they actually did it.

Time itself factures and Aiden is thrown forward into a future where humanity seems to be gone. Plants and animals survive, but the planet is in ruins. Through fate and a little help of magic returned, he manages to find a way to jump into his own past, and attempt to correct what he broke.


With each jump back Aiden unknowingly pulls someone else into his future. Those lucky few also find themselves with new power to go with the changed world. 




 9: And the government does not listen in on your cell phone calls...oh wait... 




 Not with a roar, but with a whimper. 




 Search out the new texture mod, you will fall in love all over again! 




 Mine-sales, rather be a paid author...working on it. 




 At 40 I suddenly feel much younger, thanks! 




 Old man? I just turned 40! Guess that's like 120 in Reddit years... 




 I am still stuck on step 23... 




 You can skip step 7 and just change it to -swear you will never write again- 




 Oddly, mine would be around the 10 mark as well. And I never want to read it again...okay maybe one day, but one day long from now. 




 It was a dark and stormy night. 




 True, but I do give him points for the attempt!  









 You can get it for a buck or so here...
http://www.alibris.com/Evolution-and-Prehistory-The-Human-Challenge-William-A-Haviland/book/8101739

E-book first I found was a hundred bucks, didn't sound right to me. 
 









 Some mornings I feel like it, but no...not 89. 




 Welcome, life is a journey, and sharing it with some one else can make it even more rewarding. 




 The ring of the phone faded into the back of Tara's mind. It was an older phone, heavy, with a rotary dial, and in a shade of light green that was once popular. The color had always reminded her of pea soup, the kind her long past grandmother used to make. The ringing would stop if she left it long enough. It always stopped, and she always ignored it.


Sitting in an old chair, its cover ripped and stained, her arms stretched out, she felt the coarse material under her. Her skin was only a shadow barely seen. A window showed the only light in the room, the faint glow coming through it. She pulled the darkness in close around her, a comfortable friend.

The weatherman had been right about the rain, for once. The steady dripping against her windowsill comforted her in a way she couldn't explain. It tapped out a rhythm matching the heart beating inside her chest. The two intertwined, leaving Tara unsure where one started, and the other ended. The weak light from outside showed the tiny rivers of water cascading down along the glass, hoping to join their brothers and sisters again in a sea of lost friends. The tears they made in their brief visit to her world reminded her of those that fell down her own face. Untouched by humanity, they left only faint traces, as they too escaped to join new friends of a different color, pooling on the floor.

The cold Tara felt was not from the window, or from her dark room. It was a chill from the inside. Others had told their last story and she had drunk the words. Always thirsty for the knowledge they released before the end. She knew this feeling would come, a familiar friend and a welcome one.


Eyelids became heavy for a moment, blurring the window before her, its surface still heavy with rain. She longed to see the heavens one last time, but the streetlight outside stole the night sky from her, the dark clouds blanketing the sky. The faint glow from the street lamp pierced the rain on the glass, creating a million stars shining in front of her eyes, before her slow, tired blink wiped them clear. A smile broke on her lips touched with a blue from her spreading inner cold.


Fingertips painted a slow river of glistening red. They dripped down in a rhythm unlike the rain, painting a poor canvas stretched across the floor. She thought the drops were falling slower than they should. They landed at random, uncaring whether they matched the patterns created around them. A drummer, who played his own beat while the rest of the band played on.


She took a deep breath, and felt sudden warmth. Tara had done all the research, and they hadn't gotten this right. Her fading mind enjoyed the sensation. It spread from inside, like that first sip of a hard drink, a falsehood that promised comfort, but never delivered.


Her eyes were heavy again, and her vision sprinkled with hints of diamonds, the window a blur. The phone rang again, a distant sound, farther than the blood, farther than the rain. They faded as the darkness took over.


The rain stopped. 




 Listen to each other.

Don't expect some one to change for you if you aren't willing to change for them. 

Take some time for yourself every now and again.

Talk, about everything, always.

Never, ever, end a day while still angry. Even if it means staying up all night.

Remember what you fell in love with in the first place.

Know that people change as they grew older, the trick is to be try and change together, and enjoy each others changes. 




 My wife was 20 when we met, 9 years later and we are still going strong! 




 I have given myself tingles...but not cried. Least, not yet. 




 Find a writing partner. Set goals for each other and have incentives to get them accomplished. Exchange your work with a set deadline to keep the pace up.

If you don't have someone to work with, and you are left working alone, perhaps you need to get into a set routine. -This- is your writing time, and you make it so every day. After a few weeks it will become habit and your problem should be solved. 




 I have a close circle that has access to my works in progress, as well as some -teasers- I have been known to toss up on twitter and FB from time to time. Helps keep the interest up when you have nothing new to release. 




 Did not realise this was a repost. Sorry, just saw the news myself. 









 Not a mechanic, but am the guy who sells the parts. Chevy...any Chevy and we have the parts for it on the shelf. Imports break the least. There is a reason Chevy almost went bankrupt and Ford is the #1 seller. 




 Slurm! 




 My biggest struggle is exposure. I can write, people tell me they like it (even strangers!) Yet, I can't seem to break out of the couple of books a month in sales. I blog, I tweet, I hop...yet finding readers takes so much time, I rarely have enough to write.  




