 i'm pretty sure they do, maybe not in the off season though. although i dont really know what the off season is like in LA.  




 american apparel 




 Heltah Skeltah - The Art Of Disrespekinazation 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MbL8bwxhzo 




 dont forget about the nighthawks 




  my character has been created and I've had him for about 40 hours. I'm absolutely not golden. 




  offer 100. 160 seems high imo 




 shoe goo 




 I thought both the new consoles were supposed to be able to output at 4k.  how about we just wait and see about the framerate. not to mention 4k tvs/monitors  probably won't be in the average consumers houses for another 4-5 years anyhow.

 and if we're talking about the far off ps5 future I'm sure tech will evolve so as to create solutions keeping costs about at standard price. last gen was a much bigger advancement making the jump from 4:3  to 16:9  imo. 




 Every GTA game has come out on PC eventually, why is everyone so down like this one wont.

I'm not saying it will be soon, but it will likely happen eventually. 




  my computer has also been hooked up to my tv for 8 years or so. so I guess I might not be the target demographic. 




  most of the games I pay are in the steam eco-system. but not all of them, that sort of worries me. 




 If you're trying to get in shape, and new to denim I would absolutely go sub 200. Probably even cheaper.
A. make sure you actually like wearing raw denim.
B. It would suck spending a considerable amount of money on denim then losing weight.  Personally I would wait until you are happy with your weight and arent going to fluctuate much before spending big money. 




  buying multiple pairs of sub $200 denim rather than one pair of higher quality denim 




  rogue didn't cost 270 million dollars to make. 




 dreamcast  had a killer lineup.  jet grind, sonic 3d, shenmue, alot of other weird obscure imports. not to mention you can burn games on cds without modding  if your info that.
 the rest I'm impartial to, they are all good bets, but Saturn games might be a tad on the pricey side, if that matters to you. 




 2 out of 5 are free.  the rest combined are probably cheaper than this pack costs. 




 Somewhat interested in picking up a ps3. What are you looking for before I bother you for pics 




 My thoughts exactly. 




 Looks like they are working on it though. 

"The game isn't running on my Windows 8 machine. What do I do?We're sorry to say that Rogue Legacy is not officially supported by Windows 8. Some people have successfully managed to get the game running in that OS, but we can't provide support for those versions. We will be releasing an official version for Windows 8 along with the Mac and Linux versions." 




 Rogue legacy doesn't support win8. Maybe you could try running in xp compatibility mode. But not sure if there's any way. 




 Do you have windows8? 




 Trying something radically different than my usual slim fitting work wear. 









 normally don't care for pocket stitching, but those are absolutely beautiful.  Love the details.  Would love a fit pic when you get a chance! 




 not to mention, no matter how fast your network is you would have more latency streaming it to your pc than plugging your console into a monitor. 




 suspect ass mw3 




 shin megami tensei IV, Animal Crossing, Monster hunter III/IV. 
If you are in the market for a handheld system then its absolutely the way to go. 




 It will look alot better on a smaller 3ds screen, and pokemon games have never looked particularly good.  They are fun and charming. 




 co-sign, maybe I'm just getting old. But I'd rather just pay per month than having nonsense multiple currency forms and feeling bullied into paying potentially more than $15 a month on silly micro-transactions.  

 "wink-wink nudge-nudge, you could be doing this faster if you pay $5" 




 beautiful
 




 because nintendo wouldn't and shouldn't give us the opportunity to fund anything, least of all being pokemon on a tv.
If they thought it was a good idea im pretty sure it would have happened 10 years ago. 




 24 hour codes dont work with the free game promotion 




 UB201's.  they wont have the metal pocket rivets, but they don't have pocket stitching.
If you dont mind pocket stitching then the levi's would work fine and probably be even a little cheaper.
http://theunbrandedbrand.com/collections/all/products/ub201-tapered-fit-indigo-selvedge 




 steam
 @ entangel 




 28k modem? 




 measure a pair of your own pants that you like the fit of, and compare.  Just buy the one that most closely matches. 




 making this post implies that you are still alive. in which case you should probably have enough time to finish downloading all of them.  How is this a problem. 




 in store as well.  Went in and picked up the faded twilight microdot today.
I believe it was off any full priced shirt. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/malehairadvice

might be of more help, maybe a portrait as well as your 3/4th view picture would help as well. 




 tidy up/shave beard, remove earring.  If you want fashion advice don't post from shoulders up.. 




 Has anyone worn andrew marc shoes? never owned a pair of chelsea boots and figure if the price is right i might as well give em a shot. 









 they have a button bar at the top with a search box, and they have panels... same as most websites.
greenmangaming fits right in the middle. 




 I miss Filene's Basement :( haha

 




 Having a good time (vita) took a few hours before I was able to concentrate on my character with everything else going on. I still get lost from time to time, but its not too bad.
About 4 hours in myself, waiting to unlock multi-play.
absolutely recommend on vita, cant attest to ps3 but im sure its great as well. 




 Not to mention OCBD's might not work depending on what he does for a living.
absolutely plain tee's, maybe try out a colored denim chambray. (personally think its a bit more casual than an ocbd) 




 If you want the 5 panel style, but don't need the brand behind it check out the ASOS brand. They are around $20, I haven't had any experience with them but for that price i recon its worth a gamble.
http://us.asos.com/search/5-panel?hrd=1 q=5+panel
 




 they've been 35-50ish for years.  roughly the same price as a 5950 authentic fitted cap.
the price will vary dependent on brand, and no they probably arent worth 25% of the construction/material price.  How would a company, particularly small brands make money if they were closer in actual vs retail pricing. 














 But we already lost Lincoln, JFK, and Hendrix... Wasn't that bad. 




 fffff.... a lot... soz 




 Getting an awesome computer.... To play f2p games and minecraft.  You could save alot of money by buying a less awesome computer...

Real talk though, you could check out the stalker series.  Probably be able to pick them up for cheap, and the modding community is great.  It might not look great vanilla, but it will make a modern computer chug with some of the graphical overhauls. 




 mine have been holding pretty strong, although I wouldn't have got em if it wasn't for $30 nordstrom rack deal. 




 http://www.amazon.com/Madden-Mens-M-Gamer-Boat-Shoe/dp/B005MWN5C6
Got these last month, rarely take em off. 




 75% off everything 




 site looks real shady, anyone have any experience with em? 









 people are really standing up for kanye, this blows my mind.

http://images.freshnessmag.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/07/nike-sportswear-kanye-west-air-yeezy-black-570x453.jpg 




 I dont care how he dresses. Im guessing based upon the things he has designed in the past. 




 Because everything the man has ever done is tacky as fuck. He probably wanted to do a tiger print warp but touitou wouldnt let him go that far. Plus werent the air yeezies green and pink. 




 Pink and neon green tiger print weft inc. Gonna be more pointless than n f's gimmicky jeans 




 steam summer sales are always tuesday, its always cut in the midweek madness. 




 Cheers, exactly the sort of info I'm looking for :)  I'll def check it! 




 I'm not looking for a single $1000 item, I'm looking to go shopping in Paris with $1000 for clothes which I believe is fairly frugal.
I thought quite a bit on where to post it, and took a shot. But im guessing in /r/expensivemalefashion they would tell me i'm being unrealistic and frugal. 




 because I'm not asking how to dress myself properly,  I'm asking for places to shop at under a budget. Perhaps local insight, if there are any French users. 




 Anywhere I should check out, looking to get a few interesting key pieces.  I know I could easily spend way more than $1000 on clothes in Paris, and am looking to make it stretch as much as possible.
Normally I'd consider myself to dress in the grey area between street wear and high fashion.  APC's/naked and famouse/Jcrew/and all sorts of different boots.
Also am specifically looking for things that would be hard to come by in the US.  I'm in Boston, so average high fashion is readily available (barneys, saks, neiman, riccardi)  Maybe some interesting mid-range french brands. The best example I can think of would be Supreme NYC, not that I would normally wear supreme but when im in NYC I go there because its such a hassle to get supreme outside of nyc.
Sorry to ramble on, and thanks in advance. 




 http://www.dsw.com/shoe/aston+grey+rockcastle+2+boot?prodId=280808 productRef=SEARCH

Sorry been away a few days, I'd recommend going into the retail store if you buy them.  Normally I wear a 12, and had to size down to 10.5. 




 thanks for the input guys, and yes the left pair is navy blue.  




 I wore the same pair of apc's to work atleast 4 days a week for about a year.  The only reason I stopped was because they developed some noticeable holes, and I didnt want people to ask why I never changed my pants.
Granted I work in a factory, so im guessing this is much more acceptable than day to day office wear. 




 "There are always the people who get a coat and they just look like pedo's."
priceless. 




 personally i'd go with a 5 panel cap if your gonna go with a cap at all.  Granted I guess it depends on your style.
HUF, Stussy, if your on a budget asos. 




