












































































































































































































 [Here's info about registration](https://vote.franklincountyohio.gov/voters/register-to-vote.cfm).

[Here's how to become a Poll Worker](https://vote.franklincountyohio.gov/poll-worker/)

If you want to be a poll worker, make sure you've declared your party affiliation, because some positions require an equal balance of Ds and Rs -- for example, when the actual ballots are delivered to the BOE after the polls close, each car making that delivery must have one of each. 










































































 [FAIRHealth Consumer Cost Lookup](http://fairhealthconsumer.org/index.php) can tell you, based on your zip code and the medical procedure codes, what a medical or dental procedure *should* cost, and how to navigate through the reimbursement process. Here's how this invaluable site came to be:

In 2009, an investigation by then-New York State Attorney General Andrew Cuomo uncovered conflicts of interest in one system that health insurers used to calculate reimbursement for patients who received care from providers outside their plans network. As a result of this investigation, FAIR Health -- an independent, not-for-profit corporation -- was created to establish and maintain a new database that could be used to help insurers determine their reimbursement rates for out-of-network charges, and provide patients with a clear, unbiased explanation of the reimbursement process. 

As part of the collective settlement the Attorney Generals office reached with the insurers, FAIR Health received millions of de-identified healthcare claims that many had used to help them determine their rates.  This data continues to be analyzed and processed with the goal of increasing its completeness, accuracy, and neutrality, as it will form the basis of our licensed products. The data is also the basis of educational products and tools for consumers made available on this website. 



















































































































































































 She's old (19, spayed), but has been in good health until this afternoon, when she started peeing pink in the bathtub and I immediately made a vet appt. for tomorrow afternoon. After a couple of hours I got her to eat (heartily, Science a/d that we had on hand) and drink, and she went to sleep for a couple of hours. But since she woke up a two hours ago, all she's done is try to pee, with almost no success. She's walking back and forth to the litter box, then crouching there, shaking her tail. She produced a small amount of clear liquid, then nothing. She's miserable.

Other things that might be at work here: she's had an impacted anal sac (6 mos. ago) and does suffer intermittent constipation; the vet says she has small kidneys but hasn't done tests to find out why.

Is this situation dangerous? Is there anything I can do before morning to make her more comfortable?

Thanks in advance for any help of any kind.

 






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































