 It's me. 




 That's not how fights are scored.
 




 245 with skinny legs is what I've read.  He can add some bulk with nfl money and training. 




 Great catch, bro. :) 









 ??? 




 Can he play QB? 




 Thanks, dick.  :) 




 This isn't about the government.  It's about reddit.  Should be a relatively free place.  I think mods like to censor way too much.  It's possibly going to ruin reddit.   




 They're idiots for thinking about something in a way you disagree with?  That's kinda silly. 




 or give it legs 




 He's probably came out as gay at this point. 




 Is that how you get ants or something? 




 Those feels, bro. 




 She probably passed out before she died.  Hopefully painless. 




 Yes I have, mom.  Yes I have. 




 It's not a joke. 




 Exchange treats in the street, then. 




 It's a joke. 




 Ban me from this sub.  I'm not a woman, therefore my perspective doesn't matter nor should I be allowed to post anything here.

Yay censorship in lieu of dialogue.  

Cheers 




 Why?  I think it relates to women.  /r/oney is not a subreddit I'd ever subscribe to. 




 This is brilliant PR for a movie I probably won't see anyway.  Good on RDJ. 




 British journalism is different.  They can't do puff pieces like embedded advertising like here in the states.  BBC isn't ad driven.

He also cleared it with RDJ's PR handler. 




 Kimmy is easier to chew.  Makes sense. 




 Toughskins, bro 




 Nice call.

/r/mma is fanboy central.  It's fucking embarrassing sometimes.   




 Another Ronda Rousey hype machine joke? 




 Didn't Tim Duncan push the man he was picking? 




 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xx4A7xNEHhk 




 I get it.  Most people seem to understand how social media works.  

The person who hipped me to the highlight reel narrative was a married woman years ago.

There's also drama, tragedy, first world complaints....  People complain about the weather, traffic, their partners, raising kids.

I think it's morphing into a more complete real world view.  

If you sign up to get married and cheat, you're simply a person of low moral character regardless of society or social media.

Even money he had all the cues that she was like this but chose to ignore them.

 




 All this ITT comments are usually about the heavily downvoted comments. 




 Listened to it.  He blames everything on social media and everything else.  Like it's societies fault people divorce and cheat.

He picked a person who was into such things and obviously capable of cheating.  He's part of the reason why he's divorced.

He made some decent points but he acts like a victim and that society is in general is falling apart. 




 Darko Milii is the youngest player in NBA history to win the NBA Championship 




 Wow.  Global warming isn't relevant.  Got it. 




 Read the article or skip to the end.  Maybe it makes a decent point.  Maybe not. 




 It's the title of the article.  I can't help you're being prejudicial. 




 Read it.  It's a good article or just skip to the end. 




 You didn't read it.  It's actually charming. 




 It's on point. 




 I didn't know this existed.  Thx 




 Her testimony says otherwise

http://www.tmz.com/2015/04/22/jameis-winston-publix-calls-b-s-on-qbs-crab-leg-story/ 




 They're doing their job.  The journalist is the straight man in this case.    




 You'll get dipshits lowballing you.  Put the price as firm.  Put plenty of pics and video to avoid people wasting your time. 




 You can't really do anything with it but let it rot or blow it up.

Economics. 




 This makes it better. 




 What's Bam? 




 You're career stats, skills, and name recognition all suck.  How about $20? 




 Chris Kluwe  -
And yet somehow *I* was the mediawhore/distraction. 




 http://www.devengreen.com/bettybowers.htm 




 25 minutes the old Orange Bowl vs. 30-40 for Sun Life from Coral Gables.

It's similar to an NFL experience for players that might ever have the opportunity in real life. 




 Just a coach.  It's one of those teams that isn't filmed in front of a live studio audience. 




 You can ask an employee where something is.  It's as easy or easier than amazon especially when what you're looking for is literally in the same room as you.

They get tax breaks to keep investing/upgrading in their places.  It's part of the business. 




 What's a goldfish slang for? 




 That's why it's getting downvoted. 




 NDU has a nice recruiting advantage over MSU I'd imagine.

Dantonio does a lot with what he gets. 




 Bush had red flags all over. 




 Russel Maryland.  He was good not really great.

The Cowboys really wanted Ismail. 




 And maybe that's all feminism is... a ploy for women to judge other people shitty. 




 And a Roll Cage.  Fire suit.  Hans device.  Mittens.

Fuck it.  Just mittens.  Moms are always on top of safety shit. 




 Youthful indiscretion.  Sponsored by Mountain Dew. 




 Dr. Reddit?  :) 




 There's downvote buttons for people who don't like the video or their promotional efforts.  Funny how reddit works. 




 What's his nickname? 




 The Patriots probably tried cheating to get him off the hook.  So there's that. 




 And the Raiders were ready to sign him.  Still are. 




 Argentina amfd 




 Journalism 101 




 They just want to play the game.  We're talking about football players, right? 




 They should count the state's cost of the trial and life sentence against the cap. 




 "You know, the $20-per-month artist-owned streaming music site offering high-fidelity audio and exclusive video clips to gullible starfuckers that was unveiled in a gaudy, live-streamed circle jerk wherein a murderers row of multimillionaire artistsJay Z, Beyonc, Rihanna, Madonna, Jack White, Daft Punk, Kanye West, etc.proclaimed they were out to forever change the course of music history before signing a declaration of independence. All in all it was a ridiculous, wildly out of touch spectacle. " 




 Dale was a disgrace to NASCAR and sportsmanship.  

It ultimately cost him his life. 




 Clearance shit only.  I'd imagine. 




 So is Tyson the first ever admitted steroid user in boxing? 




 It's the internet.  It's not worth taking that seriously. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/jackwhite/comments/32kjh0/jack_white_to_perform_his_first_ever_completely/cqc3uel 




 So we evolved from uncivilized assholes into civilized assholes? 




 That's the true tragedy here.  /s 




 sry 




 The question mark indicates a question.  I hope. 




 And theme parks. 




 He apologized and was charged with 2 misdemeanors.  A baseball game is essentially an outdoor bar.

I think Shane Victorino, the player, didn't really care since it didn't effect the outcome. 




 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Bartman_incident 




 Is there a series of these? 




 Guys dress up for those things, too.  Mostly to impress other guys.  Macho peacocking. 




 Convincing emotional non-argument.  Sorry the feelings got a little hurt. 




 This dog knows his shit:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suicide_bag 




 Calm your tits?   http://m.imgur.com/gallery/Y0P0BX1 




 Knicks fans boo Isaiah Thomas too

http://espn.go.com/blog/new-york/knicks/post/_/id/11902/knicks-fans-boo-isaiah-thomas 




 apparently 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56f4xH4ZoEM 




 Way to lie to me wikipedia.  

Maryland has 3 SB rings. 




 So ban cars and replace them with couches.  Got it.  :)

 




 Couches are chemical nightmare when they burn.  

I think they're trying to stop having to charge these kids with arson.

And also couches are considered blight. 




 Yay gimmicks 




 Like hot ham water 




 Replay the last few minutes of the game. 




 It's a dark dry comedy.  It's not a teenybopper flick. 




 It was directed and screenwritten by Mary Harron and
openly lesbian Guinevere Turner, so she had to call off her dogs on the movie I think.

Leo was being groomed to be an everyman movie star.  A dark murderer probably wasn't a good fit career-wise. 




 Welcome to finance. 




 And her book

http://www.walmart.com/ip/42412095 




 Thanks, Todd.  :) 




 Cue drama... 




 That's Letterman's shtick, being an annoyed annoying dick. 




 There ya go.  Never submitted anything to them before.

http://www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/31wzvt/psbattle_a_policewoman_chases_a_gang_of_skinny/ 




 Pay it forward 




 The shitshow around the stadium is where the fun is.  The game is anti-climactic. 




 instagram has one 




 But I like it better when he namechecks my rap name, Sinner G. 




 It's pretty genius marketing if you ask me.  It shows they care about you as more than just target practice. 




 You poor thing. 




 Work in a restaurant.  You'll lose your appetite for that kinda food quick. 




 joke 




 Real smart, bomb. 




 It's a case by case basis. Character by character.  Crime by crime.

 




 Where's all the examples of their lack of integrity?

Thanks for the feels. :) 




 Now they're priceless artifacts.  

"Parents just don't understand." - The Fresh Prince 




 Looks like they're suing Rolling Stone.  They'll be fine. 




 Ha. Fair enough. 




 They break news stories that are culturally relevant like the Ray Rice  and Donald Sterling.  What have they done wrong or illegal? 




 citation needed 




 This is the story she's referencing:

http://reason.com/blog/2014/12/01/is-the-uva-rape-story-a-gigantic-hoax 




 What has Gawker done?

Deadspin has no business ties to the NFL nor their sponsors/business ties that I know of.  This is allows for a lot of journalistic freedom and swearing. 




 What brand and model of kayak are those?  Curious. 




  Spider 2 Y Banana 

That's a pass play.  Duh. 




 Rice didn't.  It's still a big part of Raider's history.  Unless it doesn't matter. 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bill_Callahan_%28American_football%29


In January 2013, Callahan was publicly accused of sabotaging Super Bowl XXXVII by several former players.[5] According to comments by Tim Brown and others, the Raiders struggled on offense during Super Bowl XXXVII because of Callahan changing the game plan from a heavy run attack to a heavy passing one on the Friday before the game. Brown offered no proof for the sabotage claim, but said: "this is the problem we have, because of [Callahan's] relationship with Gruden, because of his disdain for the Raider organization; that's what makes people get to that conclusion."


 Rich Gannon defended Callahan, but did suggest that Oakland may have been disadvantaged by Callahan's failure to change the terminology for play calls at the line of scrimmage. According to Gannon, the same play names had been used during Gruden's tenure as Raiders coach, and Gruden had taught his Buccaneers defensive players these play names.


Jerry Rice, an NFL Hall of Famer who was a wide receiver for the Raiders at that time, was quoted as saying, "I was very surprised that he waited till the last second and I think a lot of the players they were surprised also so in a way maybe because he didn't like the Raiders he decided 'Hey look maybe we should sabotage just a little bit and let Jon Gruden go out and win this one.'"


Callahan has denied the allegations, stating that, "While I fully understand a competitive professional football player's disappointment when a game's outcome doesn't go his team's way, I am shocked, saddened and outraged by Tim Brown's allegations and Jerry Rice's support of those allegations made through various media outlets over the last 24 hours. To leave no doubt, I categorically and unequivocally deny the sum and substance of their allegations." Callahan further referred to the claim as "ludicrous and defamatory."


Brown backtracked from his comments a day later, denying having said that Callahan sabotaged the game. 




 Bryce Petty looks good.  I think what makes Peyton and Brady good is quick reads and quick throws.  If he can adjust to that style, he'll be a good NFL QB.

http://www.nfl.com/draft/2015/profiles/bryce-petty?id=2552369 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1P0yfq2wDvU 




 Deleted parts:

Something else concerns me and it hurts, see I'm, I'm single, I'm a single man, I don't have nobody, I'm looking for somebody and- but I'm meeting a lot of women out there, and you got some beautiful women, but you got some out there that, uh, I gotta say somethin'. Um... some of you are not washing your ass properly.* (laughter   applause) OK? Don't- don't get me wrong, not all, some of you, you know what I'm sayin', uh... I'm sorry, 'Cause uh, listen, now, I don't know what it is a woman got to do to keep up the hygiene on the body I know, uh, I'm watching douche commercials on television, and I'm wonderin' if some of you are reading the instructions. I don't think so. Y'know, 'cause I'm getting with some of the ladies, smelling odors, going "Wait a minute. (gestures with index finger) Girl, smell this! This you! Smell yourself, girl."

Smell yourself! I tell a woman in a minute, douche! douche! Some women don't like when you tell them that, when you straightforward with them. "Douche!" They, (imitating woman) "Forget you! You cannot douche all the time, you're gonna wash all the natural juices out the body." I say, well, I dont give a damn what you do, put a Tic-Tac in your ass. Put a Cert in your ass. Oh, oh, y'know, this look like a good damn place for a Stick-up up in your ass.

I'm sorry, y'all. You got to wash properly. You know, and then, you know, 'cause I'm a man, I like to kiss on women, you know, I like to kiss all over their bodies, you know. But if you're not clean in your proper areas I can't... you know... kiss all over the places I wanna kiss. You know, some women'll let you go down, you know what I'm sayin', knowin' they got a yeast infection. (Some audience disgust) I'm sorry. Sorry. Come up with dough all on your damn lip... Got a bagel and a croissant on your lip. "Anybody got any butter?" I like jelly on mine.

Well look here, y'all, we got a great show for you tonight, cause I'm here. (Cheers and applause) That's right. I'm here, Crash- yo, yo! Crash Test Dummies are here so yo, we'll be back, hang on, we gonna be back, we gonna do our thing! 




 http://i.giphy.com/Kz420G0aGw5mU.gif 




 Jerry is snobby queen who complains about everything. 




 Give some examples of Gawker articles you've disagreed with?  And some with bad science?   




 Not exactly the right term, but lots of poverty and crime in the city that's why everyone lives in the suburbs.  The city is corrupt and bankrupt.  Illitch and Ford were masters at exploiting this for their sports teams amongst others.  

http://www.thefreedictionary.com/banana+republic 




 Most people that claim Detroit live in the suburbs. 




 That's some serious due diligence. 




 Title and quote.  Not really sensationalized.

And elected officials should be held to a higher standard.

Or not in this case. 




 67-  Juiced for a bodybuilding and film career.

http://cdn01.cdn.justjared.com/wp-content/uploads/headlines/2014/05/arnold-schwarzenegger-shirtless-buff-cannes.jpg 




 It's funny because it's true. 




  The federal crime rate in the City Council is higher than in the most dangerous ghetto in the city. 




 Ha.  Chicago is a red tape corrupt shitshow of a city. 




 Classist 




 Because being petty doesn't really accomplish anything. 




 She is probably trying to avoid legal liability.  




 They report news.  This is a news site.  Tough call. 




 I laughed. 




 Downvotes are my favorite form of validation. 




 At 6:47 he puts his suit and tie on.  Minus the shirt. 




 7.8 yards will now be a first down. 




 He'll get flagged for verbal and emotional abuse when he cusses her out for a non-call. 




 Unethical.  Immoral.  Deceitful.

Not a way to conduct legitimate business. 




 The mods are cops 




 That's a great idea for a movie. 




 Is this a lightbulb joke? 




 They're probably making a killing from this.  The box probably costs more than the product.  They're adding healthy buzzwords.  

Store brands usually don't have to try as hard as outside sellers. 




 

http://image.blingee.com/images19/content/output/000/000/000/7da/795929551_376507.gif 




 Never thought of movies as a social thing. 




 That is the pooping picture.  Butt against the wall.  Head back.  Ready for magic. 




 They took the points off the TV broadcast shortly thereafter.  

It's not like Notre Dame wouldn't have caught it on the official score. 




 Not really depending on the emotional instability of the audience.  




 Tis a joke. 




 Sometimes I think this whole subreddit is getting trolled. 




