 I was at Z-Man VIP Table Top Day. I have two extremes of feedback. 


First, I absolutely loved Pandemic: The Cure. It was fun, quick and super engaging. All around great time. Will be an insta-buy in the coming weeks of availability.


Secondly, Contagion was possibly the worst game I've ever played. It's not Pandemic. They branded it as such for marketing. It was dull, repetitive, slow and I couldn't wait to be done playing it. 




 Did Rampage get pulled back or have to be re-branded due to copyright? I thought I had heard something about that 




 My collection is chalk full of pretty heavy euros. I'd like to start adding some more 'fun' games into the collection, along the lines of King of Tokyo or 1st   Goal etc. I'd like an emphasis on more luck based, silly games just to get some laughs going. And I'm not looking for party games like Wits   Wagers or Cards against humanity 




 I think it's a must own for that very reason. It's not a must own because it's the best game ever. It's a must own because it's an easy game to teach people, get non-gamers in the door and experience the hobby a little.  




 I have 5 different Dominions and Trains. If you don't have Dominion in your collection, it needs to be. It's an essential game for board gamers. If it's definitely one or the other at this moment, go with Trains. There's more player interaction and some additional depth/more paths to victory due to the board. 


Rising Sun is an expandalone. Similar to Dominion: Intrigue, it fits in with the base game as an expansion, or can be played as it's own as it comes with all the components.


tl;dr You can and should have both. If you can't, I'd say Trains. 




 I thought the same thing exact thing. Either he copied that idea or this is some kind of repost 









 Can't believe I didn't think to check to see if that exists. Wow. Everything is on reddit! 




 oops, autocorrect I didn't notice. should be 'from a macbook purchase' 




 Sorry? 




 You bought all that in 4 months?? Holy crap dude. Were you playing Monopoly with real money on those boards? 




  American is don't care about brown squirrels 




 That would also be an accurate assessment of my statement haha 




 I'm not a huge fan of co-op games, but this is really fun. I had the opportunity to go to Z-Man's VIP Event for Table Top day earlier this year and got to demo this. Definitely recommend it, especially if you like co-op games at all. Lots of fun! 




 I played Contagion at Z-Man's VIP TableTop event. It was probably the worst thing I've ever played.  




 ITT: Moist 




 Ha, not a problem. Can't go wrong either way! 




 That is just not reich. 




 I didn't draw any generalization from my comments. I just said that in this book, the characters were so horrible, they made the book cringe-worthy for me.  




 I don't think you should read Office Lover Boy to your daughter. Seems inappropriate.  




 I was on a huge kick, running through 20th century literature earlier this year and was loving reading and re-reading some classics. Then I got into **The Unbearable Lightness of Being by Milan Kundera.** Ugh. I couldn't stand anyone in the book. They all seemed some shamefully dramatic, trivial and annoying. I couldn't get with it. Cringed until the end.  




 A Few Acres of Snow 




 Memoir '44 is fantastic and often mentioned in these discussions.

I'm also a HUGE fan of A Few Acres of Snow [SU SD Review Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0YB9-yyke0).


1775: A Rebellion is also loads a fun, a great wargame. 2 players, but can scale up to 4 as well as pairs of 2 work together vs each other.  




 Would it be gay to write you a song? 




 /r/titlegore. 


And YOU said something horribly awkward. Use the penguin. 




 I don't want to alarm anyone, but there's a horse in that car.  




 I dunno. A pussy riding an orange dick is pretty sexual if you ask me. My pants are starting to turnip.  




 [Just a compliment for you](http://s3.amazonaws.com/data.tumblr.com/tumblr_l8avjbXTeU1qb41abo1_1280.png?AWSAccessKeyId=AKIAJP67HANH6OVWEMMQ Expires=1413304580 Signature=uMqE2xOV%2FOAOsINkqeOC%2FoFaSBo%3D#_=_) 




 [better perspective](http://drupal.in-cdn.net/cdn/article/public/moving_to_france.jpg) 




 I like to hug people and then whisper in their ear, "mmmm you smell like my mom." 




 Sup? 














 Yes you are. 




 Holy fuck you are one spoiled, ungrateful brat. 


Get off reddit and go study some fucking geometry and be grateful you have a Playstation to be taken away.  




 I don't think you know what ambiguous means.  




 Insects or Ants. 

There aren't enough of "regular" animals like lions and tigers and bears oh my to make any difference. We could kill them quick enough. If insects and/or ants went bloodthirsty zombie crazy. Game fucking over. 

Unidan [wrote a post about this once](http://www.reddit.com/r/FutureWhatIf/comments/1gimyb/what_if_suddenly_every_insect_on_the_planet_made/caks2t8) (sans zombie spin) 









 Touch literally anything. Everything is covered in poop and germs. Especially your phone and keyboard.


I probably got ebola just typing this. Let me check CNN...


*EBOLA: THE ISIS GERM OF YOUR KEYBOARD?"* 




 *Leslie Knope fantasies* 




 I listened to the Secret Cabal review the Abyss, and it sounded like a lot of fun and they raved about the artwork (which does look awesome). But it's $47 on Amazon. $40 +shipping on CSI. I have a hard time moving on a card game at that price. Has anyone played it? Worth it? 




 /r/titlegore 




 Yes 




 [the moon is with you Egypt!](http://offcolortv.com/offcolortv/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/Moon.gif) 




 Fuck, that was painful to read.  




 "Hey can i swap that ranch out for blue cheese?"

*"Get the fuck out!"* 




 Friday the 31th.  




 Your problem probably starts somewhere around calling them bitches 




 Thank you! 









 ProTip: Humiliating students is not the best way to educate them. Professors generally care about that. 

Source: I have common sense.  




 DON'T YOU KNOW THAT'S POISONOUS?! 




 Shabbatman Shalom! 




 I'm not totally sure if I was staring into that for 30 seconds or 30 minutes. And where the hell are my pants?? 




 Or maybe just *this* DJ is stupid.  




 http://i.imgur.com/hxCrx50.jpg 




 Oh shit. 




 http://i.imgur.com/03y3pov.jpg 




 We had a safety in our game (yardage took offense into their own endzone) but they also rolled for a turnover. How do we score that? Is it actually a touchdown for the defense, or just a safety and offense punts?  




 No idea. I'm sure there's some reason. At some point I'm sure it came down to 'can we make more money by re-broadcasting this British show or re-creating it ourselves' 




 This will probably get buried, but can everyone stop getting butthurt about Americans remaking Utopia?? The issue is not if the original is good enough as is, the issue is ACCESS. The vast vast vast majority of Americans do not have access or aren't technologically savvy enough to find access to Utopia. My parents sure as shit aren't going to find torrents to download, but they'll watch the show when it's broadcast on HBO.  




 well it seems like the biggest difference is the extra shield people get at lvl 20. and the skip boost thing allows them to disappear/appear rapidly. And they have better guns.  




 I'm at level 15 right now, and the Crucible was fairly frustrating as I would get rocked by lvl 20-25+ players with more abilities than I have. So I was excited when I logged in today and saw the 'CLASH' sector that says 'Level Advantages Disabled.' I entered a match, and it was the same exact thing. People were level 25-28, had over-armor and boost abilities that I didn't and I got rocked again. What's the deal with CLASH? The level difference is really really annoying, makes me not want to get into the game at all 




 Word Word 




 Maybe you don't take it seriously enough, mudblood 




 Hooch is crazy! 




 Well fuck me. I'm like weasley on the first day of spells class. Word up, Hermione.  




 These instagram filters are getting legit 




 I'm aware. 




 Who the fuck Harry Potter knowing wannabe made the subtitle for this? That is literally the exact fucking opposite spell that should be here. Literally say anything else except the one fucking spell that holds off dementors. Fucking 'levioso' would make at least 1% more sense.  




 Came here to say exactly this. That's just mean.  




 Link.  




 Happy Shmfone Month!! 




 [Mississippi Queen, you know what I mean](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFhM1XZsh6o) 




 Yea, unfortunately I started awhile ago on my iPad, and installed the game on my android phone last week in hopes to play there. Guess it's not to be.  




 Im sorry, but I dont want to be an emperor. Thats not my business. I dont want to rule or conquer anyone. I should like to help everyone - if possible - Jew, Gentile - black man - white. We all want to help one another. Human beings are like that. We want to live by each others happiness - not by each others misery. We dont want to hate and despise one another. In this world there is room for everyone. And the good earth is rich and can provide for everyone. The way of life can be free and beautiful, but we have lost the way.


Greed has poisoned mens souls, has barricaded the world with hate, has goose-stepped us into misery and bloodshed. We have developed speed, but we have shut ourselves in. Machinery that gives abundance has left us in want. Our knowledge has made us cynical. Our cleverness, hard and unkind. We think too much and feel too little. More than machinery we need humanity. More than cleverness we need kindness and gentleness. Without these qualities, life will be violent and all will be lost....


 The aeroplane and the radio have brought us closer together. The very nature of these inventions cries out for the goodness in men - cries out for universal brotherhood - for the unity of us all. Even now my voice is reaching millions throughout the world - millions of despairing men, women, and little children - victims of a system that makes men torture and imprison innocent people.


To those who can hear me, I say - do not despair. The misery that is now upon us is but the passing of greed - the bitterness of men who fear the way of human progress. The hate of men will pass, and dictators die, and the power they took from the people will return to the people. And so long as men die, liberty will never perish. 


Soldiers! dont give yourselves to brutes - men who despise you - enslave you - who regiment your lives - tell you what to do - what to think and what to feel! Who drill you - diet you - treat you like cattle, use you as cannon fodder. Dont give yourselves to these unnatural men - machine men with machine minds and machine hearts! You are not machines! You are not cattle! You are men! You have the love of humanity in your hearts! You dont hate! Only the unloved hate - the unloved and the unnatural! Soldiers! Dont fight for slavery! Fight for liberty!


In the 17th Chapter of St Luke it is written: the Kingdom of God is within man - not one man nor a group of men, but in all men! In you! You, the people have the power - the power to create machines. The power to create happiness! You, the people, have the power to make this life free and beautiful, to make this life a wonderful adventure.


Then - in the name of democracy - let us use that power - let us all unite. Let us fight for a new world - a decent world that will give men a chance to work - that will give youth a future and old age a security. By the promise of these things, brutes have risen to power. But they lie! They do not fulfil that promise. They never will!


Dictators free themselves but they enslave the people! Now let us fight to fulfil that promise! Let us fight to free the world - to do away with national barriers - to do away with greed, with hate and intolerance. Let us fight for a world of reason, a world where science and progress will lead to all mens happiness. Soldiers! in the name of democracy, let us all unite!


Edit: [With Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcvjoWOwnn4) and [compilation video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WibmcsEGLKo) 




 Has anyone had problems with facebook log in not working on iPad? I click the button in setting and absolutely nothing happens. Can't sync across devices without this step.  




 Do bases prevent your opponent from combatting your authority or do only outposts do that? The rules say "you may use combat to attack your opponent or their bases." does this mean you always have the choice of which to attack or just that combat is used against those two things when needed during the game?  




 Well, first of all, they were tied for 3rd best record. And I would argue they won 96 games in spite of Fredi. He constantly mismanages the bullpen, puts out bizarre lineups, bats Ryan Doumit a thousand times, and overall makes poor decisions on a daily basis.  




 Ugh, that's what I was afraid of.  




 Chippewa cycle:

1. Open terrible club on Chippewa

2. ???

3. Close

4. Change name.

5. Repeat. 









 Holy crap, that is the worst search/select option I've ever seen. I got through a few, but having to find the correct Eclipse so I'm not voting for some peg game from the 90's and the correct entry of a few others with shared names, I think I'll just show up and see what everyone else painfully voted for.  




 I like those shelves. Where'd you get them? 




 You can just hit save ya know 




 TIL beer is not made from mercury melted through boiling unicorn tears, but is actually made with water and various ingredients such as barley and hops! 




 Every time I see Twilight Imperium, I think "damn that's a huge box."

Also, you got Five Tribes!! How is it?! 




 The Adventures of Skeleboner! Featuring his arch-nemesis Mangina! 




 ITT: OP's mom and penis jokes.  




 I've never heard of this. But it's $10. Is it worth $10?  




 aka How U2 became the most famous band in America. The more people that know about you = the more people that will love you and the more people that will hate you.  




 /r/Im3MonthsAndThisIsWTF 




 Luckily I was at work when I saw that or my curiosity wood have gotten the best of me for sure.  




 Psych! I've seen all the episodes so it's not overly distracting and it's great to hear the shenanigans of Shawn and Gus aka Black   Tan in the background. 




 What about swiftly swirling? 




 12/12 love every square 









 Buffalo here. Can I have some of those degrees? 




 How does this compare to other 2 player deck builders like Star Realms, Jaipur, Dominion, or others? 




 How many mirrors could a mirror mirror if a mirror could mirror two ways? 




 Ha, this is my favorite. This should be on one of those unsuspecting signs/stitched patterns where it looks sweet, but is actually a sarcastic message. 




 Our group has a rule of no new games for anyone after 10pm. We've found that if we teach a new game late, there's a good chance whoever is learning the game isn't alert enough to fully pay attention, they get grumpy, disinterested and end up disliking the game. So no new games on late nights! 









 Yea, I think the ally powers work sooo much better in Star Realms. I just feel like in Ascension, I'm buying cards at random every time. Just grabbing whatever I can afford to buy/combat every turn. But Star Realms really escalates with the ally powers and it's much more advantageous to do your best to stack up a color. And the bases are much more influential than a mechana construct or others in Ascension 




 This game is great. It gets compared to Ascension a lot, but I enjoy it far more. The 'factions' chain together much much better in Star Realms and there's far more interaction due to combatting each other (and not just the attacking the cards in Ascension).  









 Q-Tipping my ears 









 No. The FBI (and other agencies) go at identity thieves in a big way. The media just doesn't report on them unless it's a sexy story. ie the fappening, or something mega-scale that could effect the masses like the Target breach.  




 [Source](http://wittyandpretty.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/duck-lips.jpg) 




 For anyone that is STILL on the fence about Trains, /u/toddbarker and /u/Sven_Burger are absolutely spot on. Trains is super fun, can have a bunch of different ways to victory which is neat for a deck builder, and comes with a lot of cards in the base so it's always a unique experience. Get it! 




 Because it's your own stank. Sometimes it's less intense, sometimes it's more intense. Sometimes it's a little sweatier than other days. It's always an experience, and often an unpleasant surprise. But hey, it's your surprise.  




 Grade A tomfoolery.  




 She ain't no holla back juror 




 Haha yea it did 




  I'm, Christopher Walken, so, fuck, you.

FTFY 




 Sounds like a freshman had the genius idea for AskReddit to do his first homework assignment 




 *Just another morning at Michael Bay University* 




 Super confused by your reply.

*stares at own comment for longer than should admit*

ooooo. crap. 




 and everyone behind you in line hates you. order your coffee and get out.  




 Pleasantly cool while fully clothed. 

Take clothes off, go to bed under 1 thin sheet.

Boiling hot. 

Edit: I can't type for shit.  




 You don't always need a comma, in the middle of a sentence.  




 You must be fun at parties.  




 Yea, she was a sweetheart on Dexter too for the small role she popped in every now and then for.  




 If you have Amazon Prime, it's streaming there 




