 I agree with that but thats basically what i just said. There are going to sell more physical copies so it justifies a higher cost but that doesnt reflect the cost difference. They would only have to sell 2.2 million digital to reach the profit of 3.4 physival, but they might not sell as many total if it were only digital.
 




 Im not asking you what you believe is true but how you came to that conclusion and what roles like upbringing and demographic played.



If your answer is i have questioned christianity but came to the conclusion i just know it to be true, thats an acceptable answer. Im just saying i feel you didnt touch on every question so im trying to dig a lil deeper But i respect your answers and appreciate your reply 




 It doesnt touch on if everything in your faith you see eye 2 eye with, why you connect with paul, your upbringing and demographic and their roles? Basically the 4 questions i posed 




 Thats hardly answering the questions i posed, maybe the title but not the ones im after. I do appreciate your replys  




 I understand you think its true. But specifically what about christianity settled these doubts? Did your upbrining play a part? Do you think where you were born played a part in your choice? Are there things inside your faith you dont see eye to eye with? 




 I understand your comments but it offers me no insight in how you have personally dealt with these questions which is what im after. 




 I disagree. One or two of those things maybe not a big contributor but all of them combined becomes a factor.



Lets say its only 2% difference in total cost between digital and tangible. That might not sound like alot but its probaly close to 100s of thousands dollar difference. Especially when your profit margin is higher with digital copies.




Also another reason games are not digitized is the market is higher for physical games. Gamers like the option to be able to trade in games when done and purchase old ones that digital copies cant offer. This is in some way justifies a higher cost to sell more games. 




 You are part of UU? 




 I know the bible well. I want to know how you personally answer these questions not paul. 




 The devil in the white city, erick larson.




Most people i talk to havent heard of it. Its the most entertaining non fiction work imo. A dual story about americas 1st serial killer and the 1st world fair's main architect. The amount of staples in american culture that came from the fair will astound you and the killers dark tale will shock you. 




 Your reasoning is very good. Although i disagree it isnt significantly cheaper. Theres no shipping cost, dont have to invest in boxes or discs, or designers of the two and without having a middle man your profit is higher.
 




 What about the other questions? 




 But have you questioned your faith choice in the forms of the 4 questions posed? 




 Nba has a salary cap which means teams contract cost per year has to be under a certain amount. For ex, say the salary cap is 60million in 2016, that means Golden states player contracts total has to be under 60 million in 2016.  The cap changes based on the previous years leagues earning. The reasoning behind the cap is to control league cost and to keep teams competitive. 




Nba has a "soft" salary cap. Which means there are circumstances in which a team is allowed over the cap. When a team unjustly goes over this cap the penalty is usually minor in the form of a "salary tax". This is different than in the Nfl.



Free agents. A unrestricted Fa is a player whose contract has run out and other teams can make an offer. A rescrited Fa is a player whose contract has run out but in order to sign him conditions apply. Like a team will place a draft pick on a restricted Fa if a team wants him enough and signs that Fa they forfeit a pick to players former team. This condition only last for part of the offseason and allows teams who can meet these conditions to have first dibbs.



Veterans minium is the lowest a team is allowed to pay a vet. The min is lower for those players for are not vets. This bar is usually set during collective bargaining agreements between the owners and players union.



The max is the highest a team can pay any one player. This can vary. Because of a soft salary cap, a team is allowed to go over the cap to keep a player on their roster. Say stephen curry is a Fa. Golden state will be allowed to offer him a higher max deal than clevland, because GS can exceed the cap to try and keep him. This is really to allow small market teams to retain stars by being able to offer them more money, as well as othe reasons.  




 I am a former christian, i still struggle with the idea of God and am curious about certain things ive had troubling answering and how those who still believe personally can/do. My point is not to offend but to understand So i might pry a little into responses with why's and how's. I had a similar post recently that had some enlighting results. 



I will also add i dont think it immoral or wrong to question your faith choice, it is healthy and will only strengthen and enlighten personal truths, whatever that truth turns out to be for you.




Ive always wondered how you can be certain your religion is the right one, Gods intended religion. How much certainity comes from your upbringing and/or demographic and would it be different if some factors were even slightly changed. So i pose a few questions to seek some insight from those who are christians who have undoubtly had the same questions enter their mind and how they responded. And if you havent asked yourself these questions why not?




How can you be sure, out of the countless religions including the different forms of christianity, you have choosen right? And do you think, to those who it applies to, your upbringing and/or demographic has had influence on this choice?




Have you given any effort into looking at other religions and their teaching to confirm your choice? Why or why not?



Have you had moments where you question your choice? If so why or what settled these doubts?




And do you find everything in your religion agreeable, including certain events/passages in the bible? Why or why not?   




 I watch the combine very close every year. I remember the pass rush drills this guy with the crazy hair performing on another level than every one else. I followed up on him tapes stats etc, and b/c of his injury and slow 40 knew he would be a steal for someone.



I couldnt believe we drafted him and if he can stay healthy he will be the best pick of the draft.  




 Thats ok. If you cannot understand the question in terms of adam and eve's story i have no intention of trying anymore. Ive gotten a fair share of enlightening responses. 




 You imply I didn't offer you to make a new thread several times, but you seem to conveintly not bring that up.




Again you like to have discussions in threads that have nothing to do with OPs topic. Thanks for reminding me how fruitless and childish your exchanges are and I will not be responding to any more of them. Please stop sending me messages unsolicited for the third and hopefully final time.  




 You are still referring to having the debate in the wrong thread, what you cant grasp about that is the heart of your childish comments.  




 You never once directed me to one of your threads thats again more of your childish games.




And frankly the jokes on you this interview proves nothing about the prestige. 




 Thats not the truth, i repeatedly tried to move the debate to a more fitting thread, we were in a thread about best film endings not the prestige or its intrepertations, which you refused to do. You would also say i was trying to force you into a debate, followed by messages of you trying to rebute my points in an inapproiate thread. Very similar to what you are doing here.



I have never ducked your points but when you started making comments like the minority is always wrong and such it became apparent a reasonable debate would not be possible. So to continue on in a wrong thread was pointless.




Again, as ive told you 3-4 times now, if you want to debate the prestige make a thread, or lets continue in an existing one. But to forward me a thread where Nolan says nothing to swing the debate 1 way or the other as if it magically proves your right is the kind of thing i can expect from you but will no longer engage in. 




 There is no mention about his early movies nor does he say anything about the prestige. The way you just shrug off anything i have to say about the topic without given my views a chance was quite childish as is this message and i dont see us having any common ground to have a productive conversation.




On the other hand you find Nolan specifically talk about the prestige and the machine i would be interested in that. 




 If you account you being fired for not doing your job or not following the rules, then you refuse to leave this place of buiness(cant call it your job you have been fired), so secruity has to remove you because you refuse to leave this place you no longer have the right to be, and you consider this violence its not only ludacris its nonsensical, and i dont see how we will ever find common ground. 




 Well without complicating things the n word can do the most damage quickly



So if you agree im saying in a simplified way lets stop treating it as more nasty than the other slurs and curses. Not to say its ok to use or victims shouldnt be offended 




 My other big point here is the n word has no equal. So if its used a recipent might feel like violence is the only answer. He cant come back with cracker or spic etc it doesnt have the same power.



So im saying theres 3 options





1 continue to let the n word have no equal. Which im trying to offer an alternative




2 give the n word an equal. This would just seem immplausiable and encourage the behavior that should stop




3. Treat the n word like every other slur and curse. This is very simplified but the heart of my argument here in option 3 




 You can refuse to be humilated by returning the favor it in no ways suggest violence. If you constantly show up late and the boss threatens your job this in no way justifies violence. If you refuse to leave your job after being fired i would assume the police would be called.



It seems you are saying anything you perceive as disagreeable to your views like someone calls you a name in a non violent matter you can justify violence. If i understand this correctly You either have major anger problems or im not understanding your point. 




 Good point on my CMV ill have to rephrase that, as i can see that implying the wrong intention.



Let me start by this, by trying not to use power, would you agree the n word is widely considered the nastiest most looked down upon racist slur? Its more powerful(cant find another way to express) than cracker spic fag, etc.? 




 See we are not coming to a mutual understanding of what a threat is. So its impossible to say the source is a threat when we dont look at a threat the same way.



Your boss can threaten your job, it has no relation to violence.




A racist can say the n word with out the threat of violence with just the intention of trying to humilate you. If you percieve that as violent threat that is a problem.



Now a racist can say hey n ill kill you. Thats obviously a threat of violence that i could agree a physical reaction could be well with in reason. But for that matter in this instance you could replace n with any word and it would still be the same threat.



 




 Its important to call out degarogtory language whenever its used against majority or minority i will first point out.




You imply that im saying the word should just be accepted and treated like someone saying good morning. If you cant see the clear distinction im making this conversation will not be productive. You dont have to agree but if you are drawing the wrong conclusion then the intended one, we are just clarifying previous points instead of making forward progress.




I would suggest reading my post and answers to not only you but others again to get a clear sense of where im coming from. I cant attempt to change my view if you dont understand them. 




 Word powered by a threat or a word powered by a threat of violence? 




 No you completely misunderstand my points.




Racist will always use the word. Its up to the recipent to decide what it means to them and how they respond but this in noway justifies its usage. This lessens the damage done and by no way downplays the words racism or condons people to use it more.



Yes in a way im putting responsibilty on the victim to change what damage is caused because by reacting a certain way you will establish it as a racist verbal nuke that will always be used as opposed to treating it as any other curse. 



But again you keep going back to the possibilty of this, which Is Not the topic. Where the power comes from is. With that said the word is only viewed as racist in certain context, so that just proves the word can be treated as non offensive by the recipent. 




 Great points and one im kind of hinting to specifically. Let me elaborate by compressing the argument i make to 2 races white and black, although the argument is not mutually exclusive to these 2.




A black has no verbal nuke compared to a white having the verbal nuke of the n word. So the best situation is no one has verbal nukes. But by the first statement made in this paragraph the second best option of everyone having verbal nukes is impossible. So the best situation becomes the only one. The only way to suceed at this is to disarm those who have a verbal nuke. This is basically my point im trying to make. 




 By making an analogy you are comparing physical violence to spoken words. I concede that it is not saying they are the same but i strongly disagree with your comparing of the two.




I never stated it would be easy just that it is possible. Furthermore the topic is not about the possibilty anyway but about the source of the power. 




 we disagree that it's a threat of violence. The word has no power, ts nothing more than a word, but the reaction to it gives it power. I don't see how your knife comparison makes sense if the word is not a threat of violence.



That's like someone throwing a plastic knife at you, and you retaliate with a real knife.  




 I don't understand the your point feel free to elaborate.  But you are also saying the threat is one of violence meet with violence, I dont understand your distinction here.  




 Didn't you try to make the point that the power of the word comes from the threAt of violence, a bit contradictory of you wouldn't you say?  




 True, but kind of like Sam harris acting against the taboo of critizing religion, is similar to this post. If you don't bring awareness to taboos they will never change and be accepted.  




 Again where in the definition of worship does it sAy you have to believe in the thing you are expressing revere or adoration for. You are adding to the definition as you please to fit your argument here. It might not make sense to you that worship has to be followed with belief or it doesn't count but that's not how the word is defined, like your armament position on a verb that I disagree with but have conceded because my point is not clearly defined as so the same thing is happening here but you refuse to concede by adding to the definition. 




Again comparing Greece to today is crazy. The war famine mistreatment of women were done to a bigger proportion than it is today by a impossible margin, the actions of such were more widely accepted. 



I'm saying that as human intelligence has grown and societies evolve morality follows suit. I'm saying the ways to survive(morality defined) were not as clear as they are today, the choices are more black and white to what is right and wrong today then it was back then. Not saying there are black and white today but are more clearly defined. 


I could be wrong, but it seems evident IMO you are applying your pre notion of what you think morality is and applying it to my statements as opposed to how I'm defining it(not the evolution of morality but how I define it). It might clear up your points to me if you look at my definition of morality I gave you days ago and apply that to my argument, and then come back with your counter. Might help. 




Evolution absolutely goes forward though a process of natural selection. The species that are less fit for their enviroment don't survive, and evolution moves forward with the rest. Same thing in applying to primitive firms of morality. Sure some forms of morality had some good elements, some bad, some inbetween but though natural selection the less suitable ones die out while the more suitable ones survive and evolve with their surroundings, humans and society.  




 This is ludacris. Physically slapping a person is not the same as speaking hurtful words and if you cannot separate the two there in lies the heart of the problem.  




 I disagree with your comparison, a bully in most cases is using physical violence which is what I have A problem to begin with. And my other point is if thr n word was not as powerful bullies would cease to use it as much.  




 Good points. Emotion reaction is a tricky thing. Again I not saying this is entirely possible to sweep the world. I'm only stating my view is the power of the word is being given to by those who react in such an irrational way. That's where I'm trying to change my views, not the possibility of it.  




 Well then in that case morals do not come from religion.  




 I disagree speakng a word should spark any kind of violence. Someone whispers your address is an area for concern but not one that should be meet with violence.  I'm not saying all who hear the n word reataliate with violence but the ones that do are not justified and to lessen this reaction the sting of the word has to be. 




 Agreed, will also add it's also every animals instinct to reproduce and survive by following the path of least resistance,ie avoiding suffering.  




 Your insults are petty and your intentions made clear by such, I hope for your sake you can learn to interpret statements read in the context they are given. Your lack of interpretation has lead to this fruitless exchange and given no production to the topic at hand, but I assume this is a frequent problem for yourself. A shame you have clouded this thread with pointless banter, and I agree the end of our conversation is at hand.  




 I never claimed you are making it easy. Take it in context of the whole statement. Sure I could take any number of things you have said and break them in half and drive some wild conclusion from as you have been attempting to do. But I don't play those silly games, and you can easily see in the context of the statement it is not a personal attack, or even personally directed at you.



You claim my point on intellectually complex doesn't make sense, now you are saying its a wild claim, followed by one of your own, and im still unsure if you understand my point or are still atempting to.



As far as changing my views, our conversation hasn't gone passed me trying to defend statements you have taken out of context, and cleRing up points I'm trying to make because you either can't understand or have tAken the wrong conclusion. Also now with an accusation of an out of context statement where you are saying I personally directed a statement towards you, which is clearly not the cAse. For a productive conversation to occur these things would have to change. 




 You are ignoring my point I made in the description.  A reaction would still be made but the ones that are being made now are inmost cases are unacceptable. It is in fact a word, it is not racism in one word. 



You act like the word is not constantly used and tolerated in entertainment. If you can hold your teeth in those instances you should be able to do the same when it's used in a different context. 



My point about intellectually complex is quite simple. Most racist are not the most brilliant people in the world. So by giving them one word to describe all the pain hurt suffering oppression slavery racism, you are making it easy. They would never find a way to try to bring that kind of hurt on someone if they had to use more than just one word to do the same damAge.  




 You act like words cannot be harmful to others. Im not saying it wouldbe easy or entirely possible to do but the reaction it receives encourages its usage. 




 If a white just says, hey n, to a black guy, violence will be more likely come from the black who was simply called a word with no threat of violence.  




 Worship by your definition, revere and express adoration for something, could be done by a nonbeliever it doesn't say anything about being genuine or a believer. Again if something has to exist for worship as you keep trying to say, you have to prove God exists to prove your worship is a moral act, or you are simply not answering the question. 



You are simply not seeing my point, you are hanging on your pre notions of morality. Ancient Greece might have had some forms of morals but women were not treated right, slavery,  war, famine, etc to epic proportions. To say Greece was a more intelligent, sophisticated society, with cleArer morals to today, just because of your view of homosexuals is ludacris. You are cherry picking here, and cherry picking there. 



Also again, if you are saying Ancient Greece is more morally sound I would ask you to elaborate, it's quite obvious to me. Again can you show a source of evolution going backwards?  




 Yea im saying the reaction should be no different than someone calling you d1ck, bastard, etc 




 Sure but by that reasoning anything is impossible. The post is not really about the possibility anyway, its about the premise. But your points are well said and noted. 




 Not expecting someone racist to be intellectually capable is the point, you chop a leg out from under the incapable racist to express them selves. Did you read the sentence that followed?




Charleston shooting only furthers my point about trying to lessen the damage done by 1 word. 




 But the reaction of shithead is not in the same ball park. If it is treated the same its usage and hurt caused would dramatically reduce.




My point is by treating the word this way you strengthen the ways a racist can hurt you verballyy. In fact you make it easy. They can hurt you deeply by one word anyone with half a vocabulary can say, as opposed to having them do the same verbal damage by other more intellectually complex ways. You add intellectually complex and you take half the racist off the table right there ever finding a way to express there racism. 




 Good points. But when racist do use it, it is used to yeild its negative effects and get a reaction. Im saying if it stops receiving a reaction, gradually over time it would limit usage of the word by racist, and even when used it would cease to be anything more than your a d1ck, a bastard, etc



Sure racist will always find a way to be offensive but im trying to make the point by lessing the power of the word you lessen their racist aresnal and strip them of their most powerful verbal weapon. As opposed to loading the weapon for them and just awaiting the war. 




 I did in my description, the reaction. 



White and black arguing, white calls black basterd, its offensive but doesnt get a over reaction, major mood change , or violent outburst consistently. Now that white uses the N word and those exact reaction avenues just explained go up dramtically, to where its one , or a combo of the three consistently almost inevitable 




 Of course a non believer can. I can walk into any church and take part in the mass, and worship with them. I can walk out still a non believer and have worshipped with believers. That can be seen by fellow believers and god as a moral act, might not be genuine but now your defining worship however you want. When did genuine mutually exist with moral?

So let's say god doesn't exist, then your worshipping a non existent god, that worship would cease to be a moral act in your way of thinking. So now you would have to prove god exist for your worship to be one a moral act.



No morals have not regressed. A universal morality is much better than it was 200 yeArs ago. The places where you refer to that make women inferior are religious based, and therefore are hanging there morals on books that were written in  a time of a primitive form of morals. It can also be assumed following immoral ways to survive. Morality evolving does not mean every one chooses to be moral. Morality can be light years evolved and there will still be people who choose immoral and who influence others. 




Morality evolving, again, defines things more clearly. 300 years ago the inferior women you refer to would still be seen as morally ok. But as we evolve it's more universally held that what's going on there is wrong. Even though slavery has happened somewhat recently not everyone agreed with this. The fact it's not happening in the USA now is a sign of progress coupled with the fact that our country is run on evolved morals.



You could bring up sadaams recent regime, but nothing in his regime reflects evolved morals. I can't make this any clear just because morals evolve does not mean that everyone chooses the right path. Having a universal moral does not rid of evil or bad morals. It only makes clear what paths you take to survive are good and bad. 



So your argument that morals haven't evolved because people are still acting immoral that's simply ludacris. Can you give an example of where evolution goes backward?  




 To your point about worship counting, is this, let's say god exist and even though as a non believer you are not sure about the existence of god but worship anyway this would of course be seen as a moral act by god, what would you define this as immoral? wBut again this is a slippery slope and we could both hang on technicalities and interpretations but once you start hanging on mental actions that could not be proven, it can't be proven for me to say the opposite and cancel your argument out. But I don't see a point in that direction, but again if you want to proceed with this in a proven, not directly canceling out, action I'm open to that direction.



You are confusing maturing with evolving. A person can lose their maturity at any given moment, see Donald's trump recent statements. I'm talking about evolving. A collective human evolution has taken place that doesn't go backwards, we are not turning back into apes, same thing with morality. It doesn't go backward it has evolved with time in the same way. As we grow and explore the options I have described and their consequences the good and bad are clearly defined. 
 




 I guess we will have to just disagree , you are walking a fine line in defining action. For that matter an even finer line when you consider the original question. The "action" you are referring to cannot be observed and happens internally, for that matter I could play the game of a non believer could worship, he doesn't have to believe to worship, and you can't prove he is not worshiping because it's not observable it's all internal. You could say a believer can think of god that's moral, that's an action, but without it being observable you are just playing games with the question, which should have multiple answers that aren't trying to play a fast one. Again I could easily say well a non believer thought of god. But I won't play that game, I'll leave it there.   



The other half of our conversation is still open ended.  




 To imply all people who don't believe in religion are immoral is a bit disturbing, then to go and lump non religious people in with if you don't believe in god you can't be moral is very concerning.  




 We had a long conversation it's just a little unsatisfactory for it to end this way for me when we had a reasonable back and forth and now you won't acknowledge a verb is not always an action, or for that matter the points we left on evolution of morals not degressing. But if that's where you want to end, not being able to prove your points on verbs, or elaborate further, that's fine, but the progress we had at first tempted me to continue what at one time was a reasonable exchange. 




Ok, well you are just wrong on worship not being a state of being. Worship happens in your head, it's not an action. But if your right you should be able to use worship as an action. That's the question can you use worship as an action(as opposed to the other meaning of Verb)in a sentence for me? 


 




 Thats the equivalent of saying a noun is a place, that's all there is to say about it, it can't be a person because it's a place.  




 You do understand a verb is not always defined as an action, right? Lol 
 




 No attempt on a sentence? 




 I'm not excited(I find your assumption of tone quite comical) simply trying to understand your confusion, which after 200 responses no one else as had.I'll try one more time, I'm asking Christians about the story of Adam and eve(as this post shows many consider the original sin, but again you are hanging on the title not the description) and how this relates to your belief. If you have no relation of the two whatever you define as original sin if it has nothing to do with Adam and Eve then it's not really what I'm asking.



Furthermore I'm asking about your beliefs, mine are irrelevant but you keep wanting me to define. I'm asking simply what you believe about this story and how it fits into your beliefs, not what I believe about the story and how it fits into your belief. 




 Did you even read the description or did you just read the title?  




 Fair enough 




 I don't agree with you. But the burden of proof is on those to prove morals come from religion I've already stated my case. 



To name an action, I gave a coat to a homeless man yesterday.  




 You can believe in god and not believe morals come from religion.  These two can exist without the other.




I was religious for a long time but this is irrevelant to the point.  




 The burden of proof is not on me, I'm not trying to prove morals come from religion.  




 How does the story of Adam and Eve fit into those beliefs, what does it mean to those beliefs,and do you take it literally figuratively? 



Usually the concept of original sin refers to mans first sin, ie the Adam and Eve part of my description 




 The first sin of man 


I mean I'm speaking of original sin in context of Adam and Eve I don't know how else to explain that 




 The story of Adam and Eve 




 Adam and Eve being the story of original sin and how that fits into your beliefs? 




 Just the adam and eve story, are you an evolutionst or creatonist and how does the adam and eve story fit that choice and how do they both fit into your belief? 




 Fair enough 




 Except for the priest..... 




 For that matter i even thanked you for your replies as others. I have treated everyone respect who has treated me the same. Your accusations are quite comical 




 Who did i badger lol? 




 Lol seriously, where did i say it belongs to me. I was simply telling you what i was looking for as opposed to ignoring your responses. But i guess you prefer the latter dually noted 




 Lol, you are an idiot. You are saying jesus did write about mary now? You are saying the catholic church predates the old testament? You are saying the catholic church wrote the new testament but doesnt base its teachings off of it?



Your ignorance has reached comical proportions, thanks for the laughs. I feel bad for the church that you claim it but then again the catholic church has done more than its fair share of ignorance and evil. 




 There is no right or one answer i seek. I have received many enlighting answers btw, shed much light on the topic for me




As a person who use to have faith this was an issue for me, i wanted to see how people of faith deal with this




The only unnsatisfactory part i have had, is people who have given me legit answers, gotten a few knuckle heads who turn defensive and answered nothing, about how adam n eve fit into their beliefs refuse to answer if this is an issue that they think about 




 "Soon youll be jerking it thinking bout money" haa



I always wondered if he lost weight for that role or he was that skinny because of dallas buyers club 




 Well the fact your faith is shakeable like mine i dont find it revelant, im trying to get the other end of the spectrum but with thqt said i do appreciate your replies. 




 Im trying to imply if you have no belief in original sin this post isnt for you.  How do you even get that assumption? 




 You added something different, if it such a weird thread why do you continue to post in it. 




 Im looking for believers to answer this but if thats how adam and eve fit into your faith thats what im asking. 




 What do you mean by your post? Why is my age revelant? 




 You can still believe in God and not think morals come from religion, fyi. 




 Np, and your answer does shed some light no doubt. But your faith as mine is shakeable so to say, im trying to get the other side of the spectrum. But i do appreciate your replies. 




 Yes if your trying to explain how they fit into Your beliefs. 




 Nontrinitarism is a form where jesus divinty is in question.




Thats not a teaching thats an assumption, how could jesus teach that, he was dead before mary. I am former catholic of 19 years, been baptized, been to countless sunday schools and church, have also been confirmed, none of this is relevant. The whole catholic church and its teaching are based on the bible!  A fact, buddy. You are saying its not, explain?? 




 I mean the point of the post isnt to make you feel less of anything. As a former person of faith it was something i struggled with and i wanted to see how others with faith deal with this.




As far as answering my question you no longer believe so no you cant answer my question, but i do appreciate your post. 




 Where are any of "his" teaching not found in the bible??



Once again do some research. 




 What part of earth have they been banished from? 




 Answer me this can you name a moral action a believer can do a non believer cant?



If morals come from religion, there should be an action a person who isnt taught religion(morals) cant do a religous can.



EDIT 




 Im not questioning your faith or the doctrine. Im simply asking do you believe in creationism or evolution and how does adam and eve (original sin) fit into those beliefs? 




 There are forms of christanity where jesus is not divine strictly speaking do some research.




If jesus is divine and his teachings are in the bible, what is christanity based off of if not the bible? 




 Fair enough or he was simply highlighting the negative first and making sure not to lump everyone together second. But to each his own intrepretation 




 Is the new testament not the bible? In some forms of christanity is jesus not God? 




 Why give whites that power? Why let them have that ultimate trump card? Slavery and oppression is not that long ago, true but why let all that hurt pain suffering be brought up with one word any ignorant being with half a vocabulary can say? Why not let it go and cease the racist yeilding its power by not given it any?




Not said to be offensive, or downplay its serious nature, Just an honest why? 




 He did say some are good people. 




 Is the bible not considered the word of God? Is christanity religion not based off the bible? 




 People who are oppressed for a long time feel the need to be open about who they are and want to use their freedom to say so. As people like them hadnt always had such freedom.




If being gay wasnt a crime or a thing that people look down for such a long time they might not feel the need to express their freedom.



Never been to the south? Parades for st8 people all the time. 




 Evolution doesnt go backwards.





Use worship in a sentence as a verb that shows action not a state of being 




