 Despereaux? 




 I seriously just went through this maybe 15 minutes ago, I get a snapchat from my buddy who I know the girl I'm crushing on likes, and he likes her. And the snapchat was just her face, meaning they were hanging out together. Identical reaction as the gif. 




 Your girlfriend is 12 congrats 




 It does seem they are trying to trick us into thinking Vogel is the good guy, but I think she's the true villain over all. She is so okay with the killers, and she was the one taking Zach home, Dexter had some sex, then Zach was dead, and it showed Vogel with the brain. I think she's a bad guy. 




 You should watch it. 




 I came here to make a Tangled reference. 




 If someone would make this into a iPhone 5 wallpaper I wil supply the snacks and karma 




 How come when a cat walkes over the orange cat, it acts like its totally cool, but when I touch its paws ONCE, it runs and hides for 3 hours? 




 Desmond, Juliet, and Jacob are missing. Why leave them out and put in Ilana on the left?  




 Ha Vincent looks silly  




 Did anyone else find it weird that they had sex? Like I couldn't forget that 




 She fucked her brother  




 I AM THE NIGHT 




 Jennifer Anniston has a 2 or so minute strip scene, plus a scene where she and Emma Roberts teaches the fake son of the family how to make out. Plot galore! 




 Except Relicanth  




 "Chaos reigns" 




 More like FunnyJunk instead of facebook 




 He's actually taking off his headphones, they just put the little sunglasses over his hands 




 Are you The Waitress? 




 Lets stop and think, Ass Fuck 25 is the TWENTY FIFTH Ass Fuck in the series. The series is *so good* they made 24 additional movies after the first Ass Fuck. I have made it my duty to find and view the original Ass Fuck, and then hunt for the encyclopedia of Ass Fucks for the remainder of my lifetime. 




 That stair glitch 




 Baby cloud  




 That's a freaky movie, Fire in the Sky. 




 I love Maisie Williams 




 \3 Charlie I miss you  




 They sure dress up nice 




 Immediately thought of Grandma's Boy  




 Disney channel 




 OP's Michelle, she just met some kid and put it on /r/pics for karma 




 Is that Micky? 




 Appa! 




 You just stole this from Sunday's episode of Dexter. 




 Sansa looks pretty hawt here 




 Oh god the hotdog  




 Wait, all I needed to do for karma was screencap Garry's Mod? 




 That's my favorite season 4 episode, always has been 




 Why are you okay with letting Redditors oogle your mother? 




 My family walked into this exact restaurant. The waitress said we would be dining with another group of seven, at the same table. As we walked in we saw napkins and trash strewn about the restaurant. As a naturally anxious person, I was against sitting with people I didn't know, so we left. Easily the strangest place i never ate at. 




 We all know the library planet episode was freakier 




 How did OP take the picture  




 Pour a drink out for my niggas resting in peace  




 Where's the pizza 




 Imagine how many hours could have been saved in Skyrim 




 Yeah, I'm biking through small towns across Iowa 









 This guy looks like the beard version of Blake from Workaholics  




 Cooking Mama doesn't count 




 I didn't see you at the convention! 




 Came here to also relate to David Duchovny  




 They feel like sandbags 




 Anustart 




