 I donated 10 bucks here. I can't read the actual zoo website to figure out how to donate. 




 Congratulations Everypony! 




 Oh no. get well soon and hope all goes well! 




 Apparently they are getting a lot of angry calls because they are charging people full price for the mystery boxes when they already checked out with the coupon code. So yea, I expect to be on hold for a while. 




 How can I help? Is there any way I can donate via paypal?
 




 Do those things work? I am always getting blisters :( 




 didn't they have a jump to conclusions mat? 




 haha thanks for reminding me to call and cancel my subscription, I've been meaning to but it's such a pain in the ass and you're always on hold for like 2 hours... 




 Why can't the siblings who actually give a shit plan the damned funeral?
Honestly there has to be like a cremation and cardboard box option covered for those who don't have money/ aren't willing to spend money on someone they hate 




 I'd buy one.  




 That sucks, good luck 




 pretty!!! what are you having done? 




 If I had to read ONE book, Fight Club would be a pretty good one to choose. 




 Ok I will play devil's advocate. There is not a single book that 50 kids would agree they all want to read. How would the teachers get around that if not choosing one for them? 




 The Scarlet Letter isn't a shitty book. I am against being forced to read books. God knows I hated "A Farewell to Arms" and pretty much every other Hemingway book.  But The Scarlet Letter isn't really that bad. For god's sake if you have to go watch the movie version 




 almost every time I am in a bookstore or a target, someone inevitably assumes I work there. I do not wear a red shirt. I hate khakis.
I don't get it 




 like what, "divergent"?

I'll pass 




 Oh heaven forbid you should be forced to read 




 I have no menstrual cycle unless I am on hormonal birth control. YAY Pcos! 




 The signs at our store say that. I guess because they had too many of these type of shenanigans 




 Bah everytime coke goes on sale everyone comes and buys it all then I can't get any at all. :( 




 what an asshole. he's the reason I can't get ONE pack  




 that is so sad :( 




 That was nice of you. Most people would just keep the more expensive item 




 and this is why I do not drive forklifts. lol 




 why the fuck are the other employees standing around talking the whole time? 




 How do you NOT clip your balls with that?
I've tried and I nicked the shit out of my labia. I trim with scissors. I am not cutting my vagina and honestly my husband doesn't care. 




 Well you don't marry someone unless they go down on you. DUH 




 Yea I cannot shave my pubes at all. I get ingrown pubes and they get infected. So this would be a deal breaker for me 




 I honestly can't see why anyone would think they look good 




 18 days? that must be some kind of record.... 




 oh damn the red wedding nails look amazingggggggg 




 also mexico. 




 If you aren't happy with the old one, why buy a new one? 




 I've gotten one box. And I had to wait like 6 months to get it. Just review a bunch of crap, tweet and or share on facebook, ask questions and then wait for a survey to come in your email. I ended up lying my ass off to get this cheese voxbox. We'll see if it works. I have done like 3 or 4 pre-qualification surveys and I always get "we're sorry but you don't qualify". So I am trying to lie now to actually get boxes 




 I had a laparoscopy because of my PCOS. I was in a lot of pain and they wanted to see if I might have endometriosis. I did not but while they were in there they got a bunch of tiny cysts out since they were causing me pain.  It was a same day surgery, they knocked me out and then I woke up like 2 hours later. The painful part was the gas. They have to blow you up with gas to see your insides better. That shit hurts so bad. I was really gassy for like 3 days. They gave me hydrocodone and I was taking them like every 8 hours because I was in a lot of pain. After about three days the pain got better but I still stayed at home for like two weeks because I have a labor intensive job and I didn't want to pop any stitches or anything. I had my surgery on february 20th and I'm completely healed but I have a tiny scar in my belly button and along my pubis.

I do not have any experience with blocked tubes but my aunt had a twisted ovary. They ended up having to remove it (the ovary) but she ended up having three girls with one ovary.   




 robin's egg blue. so ... robin 




 If I had 4k I'd buy a damn car 




 lol he wanted you to refund his gas money? 




 so you've been to a doctor? what the fuck is that ? 




 yea that is fucked up. anal is not a loophole that magically allows sex before marriage 




 I just ignore them until they hang up. 




 he sounds like a scumbag  




 for sale: slightly used bench. non functioning. 




 Worst case scenario: you could get genital warts, if that is the particular strain she has. 

Another possible scenario: you could get hpv and then give it to another female.

HPV can lead to cervical cancer but early detection/prevention is key.

I would recommend using a condom at least until you are in a serious relationship 




 Thank you 




 It's probably evolutionary because otherwise nobody would want to have sex... 




 That is awful :( 




 personally I wouldn't want to have sex with someone unless they were comfortable with it. granted I don't always want to have sex during my period but if they can't be mature about it, I would have trouble respecting them 




 You're very right. Some of our trucks have that ridiculous have to turn the steering wheel thing before starting. My car does the same thing but it's somehow more difficult on the newer trucks. My husband forgets after years of marriage that he has to do that with my car. Also that the gas tank is on the passenger side. 




 dammit I started freaking out too, then I realized it's not may. lol 




 fuck I have no idea when the hell easter is.
 




 oh my god. I am so sorry. I wouldn't have any contact with her either 




 UGH. We had a lady yesterday screaming and CURSING at her kids and threatening to slap them. As far as I could tell they were just sitting in the backseat of her car being kids. She was screaming something about you kids have no god damn respect for anything yadda yadda yadda. It took every fiber of my being to not go over there and slap the shit out of that woman. Those poor children. :( 




 Thanks! 




 I believe you can buy gift cards with paypal. I am broke as shit but can use paypal/bill me later to buy gift cards. The only thing is I have no idea what I am doing. Does anyone know how the hell to do this? Thanks 




 I've thought about reporting it or at least telling corporate
 




 The employees at my store don't wear the name tags. There's a big pile of them behind the front desk. For some reason I never got the memo that nobody wears them so I've been wearing mine all this time. 




 I would have filed a police report. That is assault. 




 I work at a place that rents moving trucks and vans.

We get notifications when something is wrong with one of the vehicles. So I was trying to figure out if we had to send them to get repaired or if it was something stupid like windshield wipers. Most of the time people leave the lights on and then freak out because they have a dead battery.
It would be funny if it didn't happen SO frequently.

Anyway there were two notifications on our vans that popped up yesterday. I investigated because these vans were fine the day prior.
Apparently, we had two different people call roadside assistance yesterday. The first apparently got his van stuck a few blocks over from the store. It was raining and I guess (?) he tried to drive through mud.  All I could see on the computer was where the guy got stuck and that they determined it was the customer's fault. They had to tow him.

The second guy locked the keys in the van somewhere in New York. 

Do you think this kind of crap would happen so frequently if it was their own vehicle?

Finally someone coming with one of our trailers from Reno NV had to stop in Iowa for the night because whoever put the hitch on their car didn't do a great job and the trailer was coming loose. This is the only one of three reports that was caused due to our company's negligence. I am only including this one because we had to send someone out to fix it and pay for his hotel room. There were two adults, a cat, and a dog. And the ramada doesn't have any rooms that allow pets.  I genuinely feel bad for these people. They are more than halfway from Nevada to our location and travelling with pets is a nightmare.  

 




 Give him the discount, then eat the kitkat :) 




 I work at a storage/rental truck place. We have a "climate control" section. Ironically, the roof leaks. So people are paying MORE money hoping their antiques and heirlooms will be safe from the elements, not realizing that there's a very real chance their stuff will be ruined by mold and water.
Our manager is aware. Our regional manager is aware. And his response is "oh we have all these empty rooms, it's not a big deal." The thing is, the leaks are NOT in individual rooms. They are in HALLWAYS.  Yesterday I spent most of the afternoon placing buckets so I wouldn't have to mop up dirty water for the 50th time that day. I also left wet floor signs in three different places. I am leaving the buckets there because 1) maybe if it looks trashy enough they will fix the damned roof, 2) I do not want someone to slip, fall, and sue the shit out of the company and 3) We have a damned flood watch. I am not going to be back in until tuesday and nobody is going to go back there to clean up dirty water until then.  The roof has been leaking for months. Every time it snows there's a leak. Every time it rains there's a leak. For the most part I've tried ignoring it and just mopping up when I can but it all seems futile. 




 it rubs the lotion on its skin 




 That is the worst photoshop attempt I have ever seen. 




 Oh I know. I am connected to my mother's account, and she had a stroke and lost her job. So since we don't have a combined total of like $7,000 in the bank now we have to pay a monthly bs fee.
 




 ugh, of course not 




 I smell a lawsuit 




 isn't this just going to lead to all the doctors giving birth control off-label? Oh well we'll just say you have heavy periods. wink wink 




 I have PCOS. In order to have a regular period I have to take birth control. I stopped taking birth control and had no period for OVER THREE YEARS.
I would sue the ever living fuck out of these assholes if they wouldn't give me birth control 




 haha I would give him 11 cents out of my pocket on the condition that he never come back to that store 




 I "solved" the mystery when I realized I can squirt buckets and then get up after sex and STILL pee. I mean if it was pee, you think my bladder would be empty by that point. 




 Just a question. Since this is the first time a guy has consistantly made you squirt, does he have a bend in his penis?
My husband has a curve in his penis facing up. It seems to hit my g-spot really easily, and almost every time we have sex I squirt. I USED to only squirt with a hitachi magic wand. So we have a theory that it has to do with his odd penis shape 




 Waterproof mattress pad from amazon
and we always have towels under my ass  




 who the hell is downvoting this? do you have no heart :( 




 This is my favorite line since reading this reddit and I have to repeat it to myself all day to keep from going insane:

"Lack of planning on your part does not constitute an emergency on mine." 




 Every time I use another bank's atm I get charged non bank atm fee TWICE 




 (previously) Bank of America.

Now, Wells Fargo.

I'm also getting charged a bullshit $13 monthly fee
I hate them. 




 I really like cetaphil 




 There's nothing wrong with it. if you're fine with it then there's not a problem 




 You mean I can't buy american airlines plane tickets in the book store?  




 take the money, then walk over to the other store, then hand THEM the money.
lol problem solved 




 yea how do cute tiny things have a gender? 




 all vaginas are different.
just like all penises are different.
short of having major surgery there's nothing that can be done and you're just going to have to deal with it 




 Use our atms. Get charged a $7.50 fee.
Then have YOUR bank charge a non *bank name* atm fee.
:) 




 well i guess you could have carved the heavy part out of the pineapple, leaving it a hollow shell.... 




 d'awwwwwww 




 fuck him, go home if he's going to be a dick about it 




 shit I thought he was being serious 




 /r/mildlyinteresting 




 oh my god. glad the dude survived 




 How often are you masturbating? 




 It sounds like he was pretty fun to have around. At least to make the day less boring. 




 he was probably too busy talking on the phone to notice that lol 




 bah I would have called the cops 




 ugh I hate people on their cell phones. hang the fuck up! 




 ewww 




 We get this all the time. Then they're all like "your doors are broken!" 




 The other day we had a guy manage to sneak into the store with the lights off to use the bathroom. WE ARE CLOSED. I was horrified because I thought he was trying to rob the store or something. Nope he wanted to go pee.

And then he wanted to buy something/rent a truck. What part of "closed" do you not understand?
You can use the bathroom but then we are going to have to ask you to leave.  




 reading is hard 




 I know right? Laundry, showers, sleeping in beds. It's almost criminal /s 




 rofl he wanted a bribe of meat 




 Work at a box truck company that sells storage. We had a guy threaten to beat up a coworker because they were charged for gas. It was like 15 dollars. 




 what a dick 




 I wasn't there but once a dude tripping his balls off ran into the store, punched some mannequins, sprinted up stairs, swung on a sign then tried to jump off the stairway. Apparently he thought he was mountain climbing.


Man I'd be pissed if I missed out on seeing that 




