 I did not care for Breaking Bad.  




 Well, listen, you can certainly take a shot but I don't know how successful you'll be.  The only thing you're at all likely to recover is the difference in costs.  You won't get your legal fees back, and you won't get any kind of public acknowledgement that you were right and they were wrong.  Also the Attorney General doesn't just give out opinions based on a citizen complaint that they were overcharged 15 bucks.  The AG is the attorney for the government.

People say this here often and it's usually a stupid idea, but IF you're correct going to local media might be a good idea. 




  That doesn't really help me. Sorry.

Yes, it does, since judges frequently base their decisions on a reasonableness standard. 




 The statute you quoted seems to indicate that this is a "base fee" meaning the fee can go no *lower* than $42.00.  In other sections of that same statute, there is no "base fee" language, meaning that this is somehow different.  I'd wager that that is the minimum, not the maximum, penalty. 




 Boy that ancap stuff came out of nowhere.  




 It seems like she's liable for damages but just flying under the radar. Is that an accurate portrayal?

Yes.  




 You sound really really stupid. 

One of the reasons that sexual relations with minors is against the law is because they are unable to give consent.  




 You're still missing the point. I'm not talking about violent assault. I'm talking about someone attempting to pursue a romantic/sexual relationship. My wife is able to recognize that and shut it down. It doesn't matter if a heterosexual male cannot stop himself from pursuing a relationship with my wife because my wife can refuse his advances. A kid cannot.  




 You're not getting it. Not getting treated for cancer will kill you. Not getting treated for AIDS will kill you. Not getting trans treatment WILL NOT kill you. Unfortunately some individuals are in such a difficult situation that they harm themselves but this is NOT the same thing, no matter how much you want it to be.  




 Not getting trans treatment does not medically lead to death.  




 I seriously doubt a judge would find that hormone therapy is medically necessary. Strictly speaking it was not a life saving treatment. Yes I understand the tragic outcome but that does not make such a procedure a life saving treatment.  




 [It's always the other one!](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mbxydkIMtu1qleraio3_250.gif) 




   Chances are, the court won't even want to hear it -- what she's doing is legal and thus irrelevant.

I assume the judge would be very interested that she isn't sober when she's watching the kids by herself, just as the judge would be interested if someone was drinking perfectly legal scotch during the day while watching the kids alone. 




 If it's not cool for your wife to drink when she's home alone with the kids, it isn't cool for her to smoke pot.  I'd speak to her about these issues and tell he this is unacceptable, and if there are no changes you are free to file for divorce. 




  No, I don't.
 The same way I wouldn't ask a man to trust me with his wife.

But as we've been arguing, this is entirely different.  My wife is around men all the time.  I don't worry about this because she is able to let them know she is uninterested.   




  Also, at the very least they should recognize that they should work with kids.

Shouldn't? 




  Self control is a thing and people should both exercise it and recognize the potential for its use by others.

You admit to being a pedophile.  Do you expect parents to take your word for it that you do not intend to act on your desires? 




 How is an individual supposed to know that a pedophile is entirely in control of their urges?

Suppose a man knows my wife is married to me but decides to hit on her anyway, which does happen to married women.  I know that my wife has the maturity and experience to express to the man his disinterest.  I can rely on the other individual in the scenario.

Suppose a pedophile hits on my daughter.  She does NOT have the maturity and experience to express her disinterest.  The pedophile may believe she is reciprocating and thinks she is a willing participant.

If my daughter has a tutor that is a pedophile, how do I know that he controls him or herself? 




  Will I be penalized for fighting the ticket and being found guilty rather than going straight to the prosecutor and ask for a no point charge?

If you appear before the judge and get anything other than a dismissal to all charges, you will be assessed court costs.  Speaking to the prosecutor and asking for a different charge will still require you to appear before the judge and plea to the new charge.

Your chances of being found not guilty to all charges are essentially zero.  Additionally, the prosecutor can and likely will speak to the cop before agreeing to anything.  If the cop remembers the speeding issue you can be issued a ticket for that as well. 




 If I express interest in another adult, I assume she has the maturity and experience to be able to deny my advances if she is not interested.

The issue with child abuse and statutory rape is that children do not have the maturity and experience to be able to deny advances and are at risk of being taken advantage of. 









 You cannot force an employer to extend FMLA leave.  




  If the policy is owned by you, it is part of your (also taxable) estate. 

Citation?  I've never seen a circumstance where a policy with a designated beneficiary was considered part of an estate allowing a creditor to go after it. 




 Your life insurance policy is not part of your estate so long as you designate a beneficiary.  Your creditors can sue your estate to recover funds, but since your policy is not party of the estate, they cannot go after that. 




 My understanding is that life insurance is not part of the estate and cannot be seized by creditors, so long as it has a designated beneficiary. 




 They are not her dogs and she cannot keep them.  She should call animal control. 




 You're not getting total ignorance. You're just not getting the answers you want. Everything you've said we know. We understand. Our answers are the same. Yes, for priviledge to apply an attorney must be involved even in a municipal government. I don't know what else to tell you. 

Also disclosure laws are state AND federal. Washington has their own open public records act.  




 Okay, I'll try to break this down for you since you seem to have some type of disability that makes you not only stupid but also a jackass.

When an attorney represents an organization, he also has an individual attorney client relationship with the members of that organization.  The law does not look at them as though they were the Borg, assimilated into one unit. 

Thus, when one individual member of an organization talks to another individual member, they are two clients, even though their members of the same organization.

You also keep missing the simple fact that for an attorney client privilege to exist, at least one of the parties involved must be an attorney! 




 ONLY COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN AN ATTORNEY AND CLIENT. 

If a client passes on attorney work product to another client that is NOT between an attorney and client.  




 Yeah Im not an idiot. I get it. Only communications between attorneys and clients are privileged. Communications between clients are not.  




 You can't create privilege by ccing an attorney. If there needs to be privileged communication it should be between the attorney and the client.  




 Nullification only refers to not convicting a guilty man. 

http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jury_nullification 




 I don't understand how an innocent person being found guilty is nullification.  




 Yeah I think subsequent remedial measures are excluded under evidence rules in most places. And I think the CA rule on apologies is a good one.  




 Why put victims in scare quotes?   




 One of my favorites. 




 Why don't they simply accept fault, make it very obvious what they are doing to change, and create more of a personal/human connection with those harmed?

That can be taken as an admission of liability.

Has that been tried in the past, and did it not work?

Yes, of course.  Your anecdote doesn't change the fact that this was likely a poor legal strategy on the part of the farm.  They were negligent and could have been sued with good cause.

everyone was so taken aback by the open communication and obvious heartfelt apology of the dairy owners, that they felt satisfied and did not feel the need for retribution

Lawsuits are not about retribution, but about making an individual whole again.  If a company screws up and due to that screw up harms others, they should pay for it.  If someone chooses not to make them do so, that's certainly a valid choice, but it is not somehow more righteous or commendable than filing a meritorious lawsuit. 




 Did he explain why he is not going to do anything about it? 









 Post. 




 Adults have to do things they don't want to do all the time. Find a real estate agent to help with the process. Otherwise the taxes owed will only continue to accrue.  




 I'm not sure what you're asking. The prosecution is an arm of the state, just like the police.  









  Is a dentist a full doctor? Or a physical therapist? or how about a Doctor of Nursing Practice?

No, but all those professions are based on science. 




 Sure looks like it to me.  









 They can sue the police department and the town.  




 https://i.imgur.com/E0dyhY6.gif 









  A few hours.

Your father is going to be gone for a few hours and you're concerned about legal liability?  You're babysitting for the afternoon.  Happens millions of time all around the country.  Relax. 




 Tried them all, nothing beats American. 




  I had brought up the point that well, what if the lawyer suggests Option C as the course to take that will incur greater fees in the future than Option A

What "fees" are you talking about? 




 Talk to an attorney asap. There's plenty of time to file a complaint before the statute runs. You need to do this to protect your interests. What lawyer said they wouldn't touch it? All you need to do is file a complaint. Call attorneys until you get one that will work with you.  









 Wait what? The vast vast majority of people are not abusers.  




 I downvote /u/boathole whenever I get the chance.  Just for funzies. 




 *Mother, May I Suckle at the Teat of Danger?* 




 Yeah, this has Lifetime movie written all over it! 




 You might get better replies at /r/law or ever /r/askreddit. 









  The problem with treadmills is that you don't do any work. The machine does the running for you.

Huge overstatement. It's easier than road running but in no way do you not do any work. You still do a ton of work. They are an awesome way to run when you can't get outside.  




 File an OPRA request.  Those documents should absolutely be public records. 




 Why are they doing this? 




 Likely yes. Whoever took the pic owns the copyright.  




 This is incorrect. He can be cited any time up to the statute of limitations. A prior warning makes no difference.  




  When you discuss the case with the attorney from the insurance keep in mind that he/she IS NOT YOUR ATTORNEY. 

100% incorrect and terrible advice.  




 Probably looking at a minimum of a 10-20k retainer 




 In America it is exceedingly rare to get the other side to pay for your legal costs.  Plus she may not have any assets to do so even if she did win. 




 we cant afford to pay for an attorney ourself

Then you likely can't get one.  The insurance company will provide an attorney for you.  Unless you have significant personal assets then it is unlikely they will settle for more than your insurance value. 




 If that's the case it may very well be unenforceable.  Call your local bar association and see if they can recommend an employment attorney to look it over for you before you sign it. 




 It seems to only protect the company that I work for and does nothing for me.

Well, yeah, that's the nature of non-competes.

You're probably looking at 1-2 hours of review by an attorney.  How much an attorney would charge per hour depends on where you are located. 




 "Traffic Ticket Rhino."

Strike one.

 They promise that for $145 dollars I can get no points on my license at least, and there is a possibility that my traffic fee can be reduced.

Strike two.

However, after I requested a quote, they called me from an "unknown" number, they refused to give me a number which I could call after I said I needed time to think about it, and they simply just offered to call me again tomorrow.

Strike three.

Hire an attorney that is professional and does not make unethical promises.  It is possible they may be able to reduce the fine and points, which could save you money in the long term on your insurance. 




 If the president of the Walt Disney company gave her a copy the answer would be the same.  




  Say I am legally given ownership to this recording from my mother, am I still bound to the wishes of the creator from over 30 years ago?

Yes.  If your mother gives you her VHS copy of Lady and the Tramp it does not mean you can use it as you see fit. 




  Does US law recognize copies of a document/recording made elsewhere as being independent of each other once under the jurisdiction of US law?

No 




