 Some feminists are sexist against males because they aren't good at empathy and fail to appreciate it from the other side. They also often spend a lot of time chatting to other feminists with similar views, which validates their own attitudes. There are blinkered people in every walk of life, unfortunately. 




 This. The institution of marriage is far older than christianity. 




 You could legitimately argue that many major magazines basically are for white people (eg womens magazines v rarely feature non-white people on the cover). 
Plus, if a magazine specifically identified itself as 'for white people', would enough people actually buy it? 




 Can you please give some examples? I'm struggling to think of what you mean 




 Thanks for sharing! That sounds amazing - good luck with it all :) 




 That's awesome, I've always wanted an airstream. Is it as a primary home, or as a holiday home? Do you think you'll kit it out with loads of high-tech bits and pieces, or are you planning to go more off grid? (Sorry for all the questions!) 




 Yeah not one I normally read, but I stumbled across this and it looked interesting  


































 I hope at least $1000 of that is to pay for sewing lessons  




 But it is pretty itchy 














 Do you by any chance mean the [Kingdom of Lovely](http://micronations.wikia.com/wiki/Kingdom_of_Lovely)?

It was founded by UK author Danny Wallace. 














 No, that's so they can find out who's visiting their site - virtually all modern sites use analytics, and they aren't all selling the info to advertisers. 
Plus, what exactly do you mean by "your tracking information"? You know individuals can't be identified by analytics programs, right? 




 Zarrow.co.uk specialises in this kind of work  






















































 The funniest example of this was one my boyfriend's mum did (she believes in that crap, despite my bf's repeated explanations of cold reading etc) - it was one done over Skype (who knew that was a thing!) and everything the 'psychic' woman said was way off, so she blamed it on the 'bad vibes' of the McDonalds my bf's mum was in.  




 Ah apologies, I missed that you weren't in the country. Good luck with it all! 









 I feel the same - it's insanely expensive and I'm really starting to consider moving out, but jobs in my field are thin on the ground outside of the city. I tend to escape to Bristol to see friends whenever it gets too much. 

I'd love for there to be some kind of solution to this, but I'm really struggling to think of anything. 









 If you can transform it into a real voice for the area it could be successful - my suggestion would be to get it going with regular posts and maybe try posting flyers around Ealing promoting it? Maybe try and launch discussions about any local issues and add pictures of any new features in the area for people to discuss. I'm close but not in your borough, but I will post anything I find that's relevant.  




 Thanks for sharing - I had no idea this had been preserved 




 I think that might be a bit of a pandora's box issue - Midlanders would probably decry not being given their own specific government and the old Cornwall independence campaign would refire. The UK has a huge number of regional identities - we could easily end up with as many states as the US if we really tried. 




 Very true - eureka-alert is just a science press release portal, so it's only as accurate as each university's pr writers  




 What about the rest of England?  












































 It really depends on the location and geology of the cliffs in question 














 Did you mean to post this in [/r/gaming](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming)? 




 I wonder at what point the pirates will decide to automate too 




 Why don't you think they'll be built on Earth? I myself think it will happen eventually, but this might be partly because I just think they're an awesome idea! 














 Very true! I just feel bad for the poor fools who get taken in and hand over their money for stuff like this 

















































 Yes, but those poorer are largely not paying UK prices 




 I didn't think it happened until I started working in an office in a touristy area of London. Some people seem to think the world is there to serve them. 

Mind you, it only ever happened with British tourists - everyone else has been nothing but polite and appreciative. 




 South Park are clearly going to do an episode on the fappening 




 Wait... there is a use for gold? 




 You stubbed your toe and your first reaction was to kick something? 




 I think I've missed something here - what has being an arts student got to do with it? 




 Yes! It seems crazy that the person I've been with for over five years gets the same title as in a teenage 'relationship' 





























 factor-tech.com also does a lot of futurology 





























 Space-only machinery is a very cool thought - it will be fascinating to see how it differs from Earth-designed stuff 














 Or screen them for awesomeness  




 Interesting story, thanks! 




 Would you mind telling us about it? I haven't heard that one. 





































































 A key part of that profit comes from not paying over and above for staff 




 This is a very common practice in large news organisations 




 Love that picture of him looking out of the window - he looks like he's surveying his kingdom! 




 There some decent online-only news sites, although any site that thinks 4chan is a person probably isn't in that group. 






















































 Almost every news article I have come across has focused on Jennifer Lawrence, but 101 people were affected, including a lot of other high-profile celebs. What's the deal? 


































 Yeah I suspect the publisher is the one setting the prices - a friend is currently writing a textbook for a major publisher and pricing decisions are made by them 




 Be honest with yourself and think carefully about how you could be better 




 Cider 




 First week-long break in over a year 




 Indeed - it was surprisingly good 




 Lots of dwarves and nearly being killed by a massive dragon 




 Utter silence as everyone stood browsing Reddit on their phones 




 I only studied history up to the age of 14, but it wasn't mentioned in any of our classes. We mainly studied the tudors and the industrial revolution. Quite honestly I suspect it is something that very few British people know much about.

That was more than a decade ago though - does anyone else have a more recent experience?  




 Sam Vimes likes cheap boots - they allow him to identify where he is in the city just by feeling the street through the thin soles 




 Got it for this reason. Can confirm it's worth it. 




 He is pretty awesome 




