














 You don't actually get karma from upvoted selfposts th 




 You don't actually get karma from upvoted selfposts tho...  




 Was the fucker who went around open, unattended laptops and loaded porn websites on them 














 You are fucking amazing. KUDOS TO YOU. HAHHAHAA 




 The Grave of the Fireflies. 

Had me crying like a little bitch. 




 Sprayed some pepper spray in front of me to test it out. Problem was, the wind was blowing in my direction so it came right back at me.

Long story short, pepper spray HURTS. 




 Dildo 




 Guys I have a couple of cringe-worthy experiences to tell...

1) When I was younger, around 8 - 10, my mum used to grab my butt and say how jealous she was (especially when we slept together) of how smooth it was... this continued until I was 15 and eventually I started to feel weird out and politely asked her to stop.


and...


2) I used to love playing around with my mum's nipples when I was around 5 and found it cool that it grew hard when I bit it and touched it enough (FUCK MY LIFE). And when I tried to do this to my grandma and dad, they gave me the trashing of my life.

Someone please shoot me. 




 GUYS SERIOUSLY, WHY DID YOU DO THIS TO ME. I HAVE REAL LIFE FRIENDS ON REDDIT WHO NOW KNOW THIS 




 I wasn't watching some porn flick intentionally! It just "popped" up on the telly and then BAMF!  




 Okay, so this didn't happen today exactly but a relative of mine mentioned it to me and refreshed my memory and now I am burning in shame.


So, when I was around 8 years old I had this obsession with superpowers, superheroes, the works, and really wanted any power regardless of how lame it was, be it the power of super strength, super hearing, growth, etc. 


One day, when I was watching TV, this really hot steamy sex scene suddenly popped up and for the first time I saw a woman's nipples. Instinctively, I started to touch my crotch for some reason because it felt weird... I then noticed that I had a raging bulge in my pants. I was amazed. I grew?


At that point, I convinced myself that I had a superpower and was eager to show the world. The next day was my birthday and in front of all my friends and relatives I proudly announced that I was a superhero and told them that I had the power of growth. One of my friends didn't believe me so I showed them a demonstration. Right then and there, I grabbed my crotch area and started rubbing it - hard - in front of all those little kids who's parents were rushing to cover their eyes. In about 30 seconds I managed to "get it up" and gave a proud smirk of achievement to my audience. 


God, I fucked up.


edit: Real life friends on reddit are now calling me bonerman...

edit2: On front page... expected this post to be drowned but no...

edit3: The irony is that I kinda have ED today.... guess my nemesis, ED-man got me :( 



















 I posted this last time and no one upvoted it! 









 It's for a ... urm... school project, yes. 




 Was this the incident in Perth, WA?  




 I live in Australia so uh-oh! 




 Holy shit. 




