 They are pretty damned similar 




 No, actually, I was way more interested in trying to figure out what it was. And also, remembering what I saw. It was amazing. 




 April 2, 2007. I wrote the event down in my journal 




 I realized it did not prove an existence of god. For some reason that specific line of thinking made me realize there was no god, as I previously would have expected such an event to prove to me there was.  




 He did not pull me over or anything. He just basically almost hit me and then got off at the next available exit. His lights were on but his siren was off. I really wished he'd pulled me over and taken some kind of statement from me. It was so strange. 




 I considered the possibility that I might be going absolutely insane. But my brain is usually pretty spot on. I was alone, unfortunately. I actually wished that the cop had pulled me over. I wanted to talk with someone else I KNEW who had seen it.  




 Anything by SeeingUfosPa is great :) 




 I saw this "unknown" while living in Florida. I was coming home from college class at night around 9:30. I had to drive from Orlando to basically Tampa (yea, it was a long way). I was just driving and to my right I saw this red light and then I thought, huh, what is that? And i saw this thing that looked like a red blood cell, and it just came toward me, made a beeline. It was really strange. I am actually amazed I didn't crash the van. 




 Yet I do not think that aliens in any way mean "there is a god" 




 It looked like a red blood cell. That blinked on and off, but kept a constant blood red glow to it. The part that looked like a "membrane" or "plasma" caught a lot of the light and seemed to prevent any kind of illumination on things unless they were very close (tops of trees, for example).

I saw it and it came right up to the minivan I was driving. About 25-30 ft away and slightly above my windshield. I saw the center of it. It looked like it was blood red, but I saw the center and it was yellow and white in the very center, and it was washing, like from the left to right, like in spin cycle. 
Then it just changed. The "membrane" around it faded away and the center stretched and it became what looked like a metallic remote controlled plane. Only flying backwards at 75mph and moving in a fig 8 pattern. It stayed there until (strangely enough) a police cruiser almost hit my minivan and came in between me and this thing and it veered off to the right and that is about when I lost sight of it. 




 In addition to going backwards, I was driving at 75 mph, and it was keeping a constant equidistance from me. 




 It was so close to me for one. So small. It looked like a red blood cell that would blink on and off, and then it shapeshifted into what looked like a plane. But even if it were a remote controlled plane, it would have to be going backwards, and the way it was moving was as if one was holding a baton in the center and moving it in a figure eight movement. It was pretty strange stuff. I have never seen anything like it, but I have seen videos on YT that really seem similar to what I have seen (including the shapeshifting). That makes me think, something is going on. 




 I understand, UFO is a very specific term. Would "unknown" be better? I saw an "unknown", I actually have no idea what the fuck I saw. :) 




 This. Is not relevant. 




 Because it made me realize a much much larger picture of life and how it works. I had always believed "God" had made beings on other planets (the universe is gigantic as all get out) but religiously I had been taught they could never come in contact with us. When I saw this I realized, we weren't the most advanced anything. I realized my insignificance and how amazing it is that I am even alive. And somehow all that just fit :) 




 3 for rawness 




 3 or maybe 2 




 I can't figure out what they're doing over england .... 




 What if one sees a supernatural event, can't prove it, but does not ever claim that event to be something from god, but something "unknown"?? 




 those girls have bad parents 




 Sexually, I agree with this and am willing to bet this woman is a sub. :) 




 Having had my own personal experience, I would lean toward the tendency to believe them. :)

And you're right, they do have a lot to lose. 




 The government isn't doing a good job of keeping this a secret. The number of former government employees, colonels, astronauts, pilots, air traffic controllers, etc etc who are coming forward in larger and larger numbers are telling the story. If they are to be believed then we have a giant leak instead of a cover up.  




 I don't feel bad, but I am constantly horny...am right now...damn... 




 Hello r/UFOs

Crop Circles for 2011

http://www.cropcircleconnector.com/2011/2011.html#OF

You are welcome :) 




 nosebleed. same shit used to happen to me as a kid. all the freakin' time, too. 




 Mmm... Out-of-bounds sexual lust :)

My favorite 




 While I don't know for 100% certain, my personal guess is that animal mutilations are possibly being done by e.t. for some sort of purposes I could only guess at. There are striking similarities between what happened to the people and what is found at animal mutilation sights. I could be way off and wrong, but it's my opinion. :) 




 Honestly, I remember church being filled with lots of very rotund ladies and gentlemen. They definitely weren't so pretty. Some of them were pretty, but most girls between 15-30, look pretty good. Then a lot of them get fat. And on medication for the depression they suffer from being mormon... bleh 




 Ok. This is for all the people who are saying the cop did his job and it was a bad situation blah blah blah.
He could have slit it's throat, quickly and nearly painlessly.
No, he bludgeoned it to death. On top of that, there was physical damage to the guys SIDING. When the fuck did the cop have to smash the cat into the side of the house? I really think this cop didn't like cats and really, he didn't do his job. There are many ways to kill a cat, bludgeoning ANYTHING to death is just heartless and indeed, inhumane. Fuck this officer. If he can't hold it together to realize a better way of ending an injured animal's life, I wouldn't trust him to 'protect and serve' me, my family, friends, or even enemies. 




 Dylatov Pass Incident. So much high strangeness associated with the case . 




 ive seen that before, i was a kid but thought it was weird... 




 I like the way it's progressed or "evolved" or is evolving! :)

It's how, I think, it should happen that way. 




 The Moon moves farther and farther away from us every single year, it is small but negligible. Therefore your last point has no relevance. 




 This is her main page; http://www.youtube.com/user/seeingUFOsPA?blend=1 ob=4#p/u/0/uQTi7xwozFc 




 Volunteer for Mufon, that is such a good idea. I'd like to talk with others about their unique experiences, I know how scary it can be. Almost traumatic in that your view on life changes abruptly. 




 http://www.youtube.com/user/seeingUFOsPA?blend=1 ob=4 




 Om nom nom 




 Heh, that's pretty damned close to what I saw, yes.
Additionally, I am saddened that many people have written her and said that she is just filming regular planes or she is using a form of trickery. Having seen this in real life, I can say I don't think what she is filming are real planes or is a fake craft. 




 Sake House is pretty good :) They are off Durant Rd 




 bcccl, this event absolutely changed my life. I know that sounds cliche. But it really did. I never looked at things quite the same way, I saw something that most people never even have conceived of. Just seeing this made me recognize how little we really know about, well, anything. We are still just learning what is out there and even what is here. Our Oceans are largely unexplored. We know so very very little, and yet what we do know seems so very vast. It's amazing. And I'll tell ya what, the part that I have cog dis about is really the FACT that I have no litmus test to really know if what I saw was indeed UFO, or of Earthly Origin, or, and I concede this is a possibility, I was hallucinating. I truly hope it is not the last.  




 A: Nope.

And I don't know why it showed me what it did.  I can go so far as to 
speculate that it may have been biological. Yet, I keep thinking it may have been from a Tier 2 civilization where it probably would appear to be biological.  And I will have the diagrams up tonight or tomorrow :) 




 You have no idea how much I'd like the rest of humanity to witness what I did, albeit maybe not as close up, so that they could see too. Then they would know there is more going on than their 9-5 lives. And it is lonely... I saw something so rare so amazing and yet if I tell people their reaction is that as if you said you saw a unicorn...they don't believe you and think your a bit looney or a lot looney. :( 




 My dad's reaction shut me up about it and unfortunately I didn't contact MUFON til a few years after the event. Thankfully they took my story seriously and asked me (at extensive length) the full account, details and all. I am so happy I contacted them, being able to talk with someone, even an investigator, was almost therapeutic. I didn't feel as though I was being judged, which was important to me.

I have not been on TV for this event, and I don't believe anecdotal evidence is evidence. It's personal knowledge and until they perfect memory extraction, it remains as it is, a memory. Yes, I am familiar with the account of the vehicle that was hit by a UFO and they collected a powder of sorts. Very interesting stuff, but I have never spoken with that woman.

I wasn't that tired at the time of the event. I stated already it was about 9:30pm and I had been released a bit early from my college class. I had a 1 1/2 hour drive home and when I finally got home and ready for bed, it was actually pretty late. So, when I wrote about it I just watned to get a few things in there about it. Including the initial diagram. I have since gone back and written more in-depth about my account, including better diagrams.

Also, in the past two years I have learned about the kind of UFO I believe I saw. There is a lady on youtube, her handle is SeeingUFOsPa, and the lady has filmed innumerable hours of what I am pretty sure is what I saw. Unfortunately, she hasnt released any vids that would show these craft coming up as closely as they did with me, not even half as close as my encounter. As to your medication question, I was 100% sober. I have never suffered hallucinations and trust me, I still question whether what I saw was real or not. The mere fact I wrote it down when I did pushes me to believe that something happened. 




 My dad's reaction shut me up about it and unfortunately I didn't contact MUFON til a few years after the event. Thankfully they took my story seriously and asked me (at extensive length) the full account, details and all. I am so happy I contacted them, being able to talk with someone, even an investigator, was almost therapeutic. I didn't feel as though I was being judged, which was important to me.

I have not been on TV for this event, and I don't believe anecdotal evidence is evidence. It's personal knowledge and until they perfect memory extraction, it remains as it is, a memory. Yes, I am familiar with the account of the vehicle that was hit by a UFO and they collected a powder of sorts. Very interesting stuff, but I have never spoken with that woman.

I wasn't that tired at the time of the event. I stated already it was about 9:30pm and I had been released a bit early from my college class. I had a 1 1/2 hour drive home and when I finally got home and ready for bed, it was actually pretty late. So, when I wrote about it I just watned to get a few things in there about it. Including the initial diagram. I have since gone back and written more in-depth about my account, including better diagrams.

Also, in the past two years I have learned about the kind of UFO I believe I saw. There is a lady on youtube, her handle is SeeingUFOsPa, and the lady has filmed innumerable hours of what I am pretty sure is what I saw. Unfortunately, she hasnt released any vids that would show these craft coming up as closely as they did with me, not even half as close as my encounter. As to your medication question, I was 100% sober. I have never suffered hallucinations and trust me, I still question whether what I saw was real or not. The mere fact I wrote it down when I did pushes me to believe that something happened. 




 I might try to get some pictures up, I do have a stylus/tablet handy :) 




 I've already contacted MUFON and the leading investigator for Florida called me. She and I spoke at length about my sighting.

The whole orb itself was not that big, maybe a little wider than my minivan front window(I should say the "plasma membrane" was as wide, the red blinking center was smaller, just think of a giant red blood cell). When it changed, the wings were also the same length as the windshield. 




 My immediate reaction was to try really hard to remember what I was seeing because I knew I'd never see it again and I had to tell someone. So I paid attention. Seriously. I felt like I had to stay calm, and I just kept driving, part of me wonders if I didn't partly have shock. 




 I thought I had been dreaming. When I woke up and found that I had actually written it and actually had experienced this I felt like I must have hallucinated the entire event. I thought about it for weeks. I finally told my Dad, and he had some words for me. He told me to "lay off the crack", got up and left the patio. I just sat there, too stunned to cry, but feeling so incredibly hurt. I had seen something so rare and it was thrown back at me.

4 years later, I still feel like I have no answers. I still struggle to understand what I have seen. I contacted MUFON. The lady I spoke with was very interested in what I had to tell her. She sounded very eager to hear what I had seen.

I'd like to also say, I've seen things in the sky before, but only way up high. Nothing could have prepared me for this. 




 I always wondered that myself. However, I have no idea. It was just very strange. 




 I don't have a scanner, so I can't do that. Not that it would matter, I didn't go that in-depth with my story in my journal as I wrote it really late at night and thought I was dreaming. I just wrote some stuff and drew a diagram before I passed out. 




 It was about 20 feet from me. I got a really good look at it. 




 just shared :) feel free to have a look bcccl 




 I am going to do this kind of as an AMA-style, but with the questions to have focus on the experience. Having said as such, this is what happened.

It was April 02, 07, around 9:30p, I was on the 408W at about exit 12 or 11. I saw a red light reflecting off the buildings and thought it was funny because of how high up it was, and thought maybe it was some emergency lights. I saw between the two buildings a red, pulsating light that was enveloped in what looked to be a plasma shield. My best way of describing it would be a red blood cell, complete with plasma membrane. I had a funny thought about it, when it turned to it's right and came up very quickly upon me and my minivan which I was currently driving.

This thing proceeded to be about 20-30feet in front and slightly above the van. It was pulsating a deep red and when the little ball would light up the "plasma" would catch the light. I noticed it appeared like a washer inside, as it seemed a 'red light liquid' was washing around an inner 'yellow light liquid' with maybe some white in the very center, as it was very bright inside, liquidy washing around. (so strange)

As I am watching this I realize the "plasma" is.. de-materializing? The center red pulsating ball of light started to spin and stretch and it grew wings. Wings like a plane, in fact, it looked a lot like a drone plane!!(Complete with a silvery finish, and what looked like a cockpit, however there was no 'tail end' to speak of) But...I was driving at a constant speed of 75mph(I don't speed and I had cruise control on), and to make matters more interesting, it was facing me. On each wing tip there was a light, one yellow the other white, blinking on and off back and forth. At the underbelly was the SAME red ball of liquid light, still blinking. It seemed wobbly. The best way to describe it would be if you held a baton at the middle and made figure 8's with your wrist. It would be that motion.

I remember looking back at one point, to see if other cars were around me because I noticed the cars all in front of me had pretty well taken off. I had no luck behind me as well. Not moments later, after looking, a police cruiser with lights flashing but no siren, came up from my left and almost sideswiped my van, coming in between myself and the craft "drone plane look-alike". 

The craft responded to this by veering off to the right and it "grew" for better of lack of a term, a spotlight, that I believe was behind the red light and as it had flown up to this brick building, it shined a light on a window on it. I tried to watch it as it flew away and I kinda wanted it to come back, but I lost sight of it. I lost sight of the police cruiser, too. I kinda really wanted him to pull me over, just so I could talk with someone else about what I'd just seen. Somewhere, that cop is out there, and s/he saw it too.

Ok, sorry for the wall of text, but I thought ya'll might want to hear it. It changed my fucking life. 




 Oh man, you have NO idea. I told my dad my sighting and he had a few choice words for me. It's very upsetting. 




 I don't doubt you saw what ya saw. I've shared a few similarly to you, and I'll tell you, it's good to know others saw some similar things. 




 No, my journal is this little diary that I had kept. I still have the it in my closet :) 




 read above reply :) 




 I think I might write it out as sort of an AMA on r/ufos. That way, I can tell my story to the right audience and will [undoubtedly] get much better direct questions. :) I didn't know anyone'd want to hear it. 




 Good thing he saw his far off, I had a nice close up and personal encounter. Left me questioning my own sanity, thought it was a dream, and wrote about it (with drawings of it) in my journal so if I woke up and it wasn't there I knew I was just dreaming. I still have this journal, with this information logged in there. Either I am still dreaming or I have to concede,  I really saw..something. 




 dude this just happened to me...hoorah
:D 




 I don't know, I think I'd just say, "Please deliver to [name of park]. Please remember plates, napkins, and (if possible) wetnaps. Please announce that this food is for the Occupy Protesters, not to be given to police or media." If the product is not food that can prove more difficult, but this is NOT impossible. We CAN support those in this movement, and let them know We Are In Solidarity. 




 umm...we DON'T go home and show them that we are really serious? Fuck that meme, we will prove it wrong thru actions that will become a real meme instead of simply sitting on our asses and making a new "no, we will stay, we promise!" meme. Now get out there! And if you can't, there are plenty of ways to keep the protest real for you. Try having products sent out to the protesters, have pizza's delivered, send ponchos, send blankets, etc etc. 









 Hi Lady :) Did he know if you were a virgin or not before he started dating you? It sounds like the church is a big part of his life, and it is interesting that he didn't say anything about it beforehand. Anyways, do you drink? And if you do, is that also an issue for him?

I am really sorry that you have to go thru this btw. I know that's GOTTA suck. Good Luck, whatever you choose. 




 A severe lack of the beef. 




 It's a trap! 




 Hey Mattato, let's do it. I been looking for some good vigilant justice.
haha

But seriously folks, these places need to be brought down and people need to be put in some incarceration. For real. 




 ^_^ welcome! I hope what you find here helps you!! If I were you I'd check out r/atheism. They are really nice there and give you an idea that not only are you NOT alone but a lot of people are disaffecting from their other religions because of facts.  




 I agree with most everything except that you kinda got on the people who make the pieces. Most people who are making their own piece should be 'smart' enough to ensure the safety of the wood. Otherwise, unless your in Cali...be careful ENTS 




 With all the evidence coming forward of the 'seeds of life' as it were being found in asteroids and possible water on Mars, the vastness and HUGENESS of the galaxy, not to mention the age of the freaking universe herself...

I'm just going with they point more and more toward that we cannot only be alone but that there is most likely to be civilizations that are far surpassing us in everything. Not to mention, there is some talk, wish I had the freaking source right now, that says some old life even on earth didn't use O2 the way we do. So... it's just really really likely that we could never have ever been 'alone'. As for ufo's...It's hard to provide strong evidence for what most likely doesn't want to be 'caught' and 'studied'. After all, if you went to a primitive village would you want them to do that to you? (just saying, we are primitive to their tech, hands down) 




 I don't know if it was doctrine, but I know that is something a lot of my YW leaders would point toward as 'proof' the church was true. 




 That's pretty hilarious.
In fact it reminded me of this:
I seem to remember as a young woman there was a big emphasis put on how a temple cannot be damaged by nature, only by man. This is because, once blessed, God protected it and those inside of it.  The Kirkland Temple in Ohio got hit by a tornado and so I asked about it. My teachers said it was because it was now 'owned by the reformed LDS that it was no longer under the same blessings'.
Has anyone else heard this? 




 My cat steals my underwear and puts it in her 'cathouse'. We lovingly refer to it as her "treasure" 




 This picture is as fake as god. Nothing to see here, move along. 




 Ooooh them's fightin' words. get those guys. get em good. and get it where it hurts. 




 ;P Why thank you 




 I never stated that I was seeing any therapist... And it wouldn't matter. It's normal and healthy to want to feel out of control for orgasms and pain.

Maybe someone should put you in a maid outfit with a buttplug and make you clean their home in heels. They can videotape you and tell you how sexy you look while cleaning up. Then, when that is over, they take the buttplug out of you and fuck the shit out of you...cuz um, you sound like a bitter sub. I used to be that way, then I embraced myself  :) 




 Wow, I can't tell if you're trolling or are really of that mindset.

But, no, nothing 'happened' to me, my mental health is fine and it would almost sound like your jealous of my openness. Too bad for you! 




 No no, don't stop. Do go on =p 




 It's not as easy as it would initially sound. I kind of live off my beau, so now I have to get my own job, my own car and get my shit together, then I can leave. This isn't going to be a quick thing. But, I'll keep you informed should I attend a munch. Fun fun... 




 Hahah cute!! You should PM me if you really want to get to know me tho. Also add where you stay. Im in NC. 




 I dunno, the more I learn about it the more I doubt. I just don't think that if they were there,they there was any real "teaching" going on. Probably just abductions like we see today. And sightings, b/c back then there really were 0 satellites, planes, rockets, etc. So when you saw something in the sky it freaking mattered. Probably enough to make carvings in stone. :D 




 Maybe I should go, at least to one. I know that the munches around here you can't just "go" tho. You have to set up an appointment and meet with the people who run it and they decide if you can attend. I have a lot of anxiety about that and, really, any info they can give you should be right on the website about it. Makes me more nervous than calm to be truthful. But I do think it's a good idea to go. It's a great idea. 




 Barely got that one time out of him...it was tooth and nail too. 




 we taste like pork :)
Mmm bacon 




 haha, i see you want to play into my subby nature by making me attend a munch! ^_^ I'm just nervous and shy irl... Not so much on the net, anonymity and whatnot. 




 I'm laughing really freaking hard. Where you stay?

also some hair pulling and ass spanking would be nice. 




 It's a little more difficult than all that. However, I have been kinda looking into munches in my area... I'm a little nervous tho.  




 Doin' great...how about yourself ^_^ 




 I've actually been considering getting one... =P 




 No I realize in this case, it's not a me or him issue. It's a both of us. I need something entirely vastly different than what he is able to provide for me. There's nothing wrong with what I want. He wants someone to video game with hours on end with sex a strong afterthought. Me? I need to be told what to do and made to feel sexy while being made to be submissive. I could care less about hours of gaming, I'd rather be tied up and have my ass high in the air and spanked. It's two very different people trying to make one relationship work, and it's failing. 




 Get to know redditors better...that seems like a challenge I can commit to! I love this place! 




 O.O i need one of you here. now. 




 you are entirely welcome sir, and thank you :) 




 hahah 




 Sometimes, it'd be nice if he just told me what the issue is. Is he not into it? Is he not into me? He said he doesn't think it's mean or bad and doesn't see a single thing wrong with it, but he refuses to do it. And most of the time, he just listens to me tell him about how I feel and what I need and doesn't say a word. He just stares blankly. I feel ... shut out. So, yeah, I think stonewalling is on point. 




 thinking about that makes my toes curl :) 




