









 I meant to write 540i, not 545i 




 - Just about anything with a rare manual (such as Jaguar X-Type, Mercedes W140)
- Any obscure JDM sports car or sport model that was never exported (such as Toyota Mark II GT Twin Turbo, 1990 Mazda Cosmo)
- 70's-80's American luxury cars (such as Lincoln Continental, Pontiac Bonneville Brougham)
- Anything with some sort of connection to an iconic car that may increase in value and decrease in accessibility (such as 1978 Buick Regal Turbo Coupe, BMW E34 545i with M Sport Package. 









 I'm imagining that passing on the left in an RHD is kind of like passing on the right in an LHD. Is this correct?  









 They get most of the coolest cars and variants from their own manufacturers, but the inspection system or Shaken, is brutal on modified cars and older cars. The inspection also becomes more expensive as the car gets older too. 
























 Peugeot certainly has a better chance of (re)entering the US market than all those random Chinese car brands that will occasionally announce plans to sell cars in the US but never do. 




 Chevelle SS wagons were only made from the factory for 73'. For all other years only non-SS wagons were available. This is a case of automotive gene splicing. 









 Wanting the real deal instead of a similar looking import could also be the reason why so few Europeans buy Lexus. 




 [Here is] (http://www.auto-types.com/images/_autonews/2011-Volkswagen-Passat-USA-side-view_86.jpg) my [rebuttal](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d6/Chevrolet-impala-2006.jpg). It's mainly in the profile. The Passat you linked the image of is the rest of the world model, which is different from the US and China model, known internally as the Passat NMS. 




 It seems confusing for me to imagine the company executives talking to each other about how a car is "too American for Americans", but your probably right. Although, the current Volkswagen Passat (US and China model) resembles a previous generation Chevy Impala more than any other VAG car and people buy that. 




 The following wouldn't look out of place on US streets in their respective eras. I would imagine that a car that looks more similar to the domestic competition would sell a bit better.

[S110 Toyota Crown](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fd/Toyota_Crown_S110_first_registered_in_UK_April_1982_2759cc.JPG)

[Nissan Gloria](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Nissan_Grolia_A30_001.JPG)

[Nissan Laurel](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/01/C230Laurelsedan.jpg)

[Mazda Luce Legato](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/46/Mazda_929L_Front.jpg) 




 They might still need to be converted to US standards, but that might not work out the best. Not sure how popular they would be, since in most of the first world countries that already have them, such as Australia their market share is low, dealer networks are small, and people have learned that they are crap. 




 A large number of Chinese cars on dealer lots would be a red flag (pun intended). 





























 Can't sleep clown will eat me 




 Years ago back in middle school a classmate told me a story about a girl who decided to go out at night and sit on a tombstone, after being told that doing so would wake the dead. While she was doing so, a tree branch fell on her. This scared her to death because she thought the branch was one of the undead grabbing her. Is there any truth to this, is it a popular urban legend, or just something the kid made up? I'm thinking it was probably made up since I can't find anything about it after doing a google search. 














 The diarrhea of sick people 
























 Dirt 




 For example, if someone went back in time to assassinate Hitler, would it be "our" Hitler who was killed, or "somebody else's" Hitler.
 




 I said "like nothing built today". 




 Someone fucked his sister. 



















 Daily driver of pleasure car? Either way it's nice to see someone out there who is enthusiastic about these cars and wants to keep one of their own on the road. So many people write off these boxy full size domestics as dowdy and uninspiring, but they do have a unique character and presence like nothing built today, except for perhaps a Toyota Century. 



















 Perhaps, I'm sure that years before the JDM craze occurred some US soldiers stationed over there probably purchased local cars and imported them back home when their service was over. 









 Ten years too late 



















 So Justin Bieber, Blair Witch copycats, and Real Housewives. 









 Ill start with the original Infiniti Q45. The quality, ride, performance, and reliability were all fine enough for it to compete with Lexus, Acura, and the Germans. But they were never able to get the grill right for it to have the same appeal for most buyers. 









 Americans need a brand with a luxury reputation to view a car as prestigious, but in other countries a single car in a large brand's model range can be. This is why the VW Phaeton, Mazda 929, and Toyota Crown, which all had or have a luxury image in their home market failed here. In other countries, people are able to understand that not all Mercedes-Benzes are luxury cars (E-Class taxi, A-Class hatchback), yet some cars from brands that also sell economy cars are (Toyota Century, Hyundai Equus). Does the fact that Volkswagen sells Golfs too actually make a 12 cylinder, hand built, $70k Luxo barge any less luxurious or advanced than the A8 which shares much of it's same technology, materials, and mechanicals. 














 I think the average transaction price of Land Rover as a whole is probably higher than the average transaction price of BMW or Audi. 














 I'll  say it's this, based on name recognition and perception of prestige, but your free to organize them in any way you think is fit.

Exotic

1. Bugatti
2. Ferrari
3. Lamborghini
4. McLaren
5. Koenigsegg/Noble (tied)
6. Aston Martin

Ultra luxury

7. Rolls-Royce
8. Bentley
9. Maybach

Top tier mid-level

10. Porsche
11. Jaguar
12. Land Rover
13. Mercedes-Benz
14. BMW
15. Audi
16. Lexus

Mid-level

17. Cadillac
18. Infiniti 
19. Acura
20. Alfa Romeo

Semi luxury/mix of luxury and economy cars in lineup

20. Lincoln
21. Buick
22. Volvo
23. Chrysler
24. Hyundai
25. Volkswagen
26. Mini
26. Kia 














 Candle Cove 




 I am asking if there are isolated communities where the locals are either extremely hostile and antisocial towards outsiders or where inbreeding, alcoholism, drug use, mental illness, eccentricity, religious fanaticism, or a combination of these qualities results in a sizeable number of residents whose appearance or behavior makes people who don't know them fearful, whether they should be or not. 









 In America, yes. But in more homogenous countries such as Japan, Albania, or Nigeria it must be an event that takes place much later on for most, at least in person. 














 I faintly remember part of it from when I was a little kid. 




 As biological males, these "female" athletes should probably clobber the teams made up of real women with their larger muscles, larger bodies, and testosterone. 




 I've read about Oniontown before, but the legend is far bigger than the reality and most of the stories are embellished here say. 




 By this I mean they don't have and never had a birth certificate, social security number, or other documents. 




 Are they future serial killers or just imitating hunters? 




 I decided to look at the prices for G25s in my area and found plenty within the 25-45k mile range that were nearly all selling for prices in the mid teens through low twenties. This seems like an enormous bargain for a 2-3 year old luxury sport sedan with average mileage that looks a lot like the current model (renamed Q40). Besides the smaller engine size, is there anything that turns people off from these cars and keeps prices low? 














 Was looking at the MBUSA website and scrolling through their models. An E63 coupe was not listed. This seems confusing to me, as there are AMG versions of the C class coupe, CL, as well as the E sedan and wagon. Shouldn't an E63 coupe be built since coupes are typically associated with sportiness and the CLK which it replaced was made available as an AMG in the past? 




 This thing is ungainly as fudge. Lincoln Towncar Grill, Cadillac Seville? doors, cartoonish proportions.

- https://www.flickr.com/photos/lderen/15207609572/
- https://www.flickr.com/photos/lderen/15208005725/in/photostream/ 




 Old people who drive slow or have forgotten the rules of the road driving pretty much anything, but when I notice a Mercury Grand Marquis, Lincoln, Buick, or Cadillac DTS, I'm usually on alert. I try not to honk at them. 




 It could be worth more money in the future, but there is no way of telling for sure. People are now asking stupid money for Datsun 510s, which when they were at the age a 91' Accord is now were just old, low value imports quite like yours. 









 Hyundai makes a better Mercedes alternative today than Ford tried to back in the 70's. 




 I thought of this question because yesterday I saw a 90s era 9C1 Caprice being used for patrolling by my county's PD, complete with the old style paint design. I was quite suprised that they would still be using a car in their fleet that had been discontinued almost 20 years ago, especially since most of their other vehicles I see are relatively new. 




 Somebody doesn't want you to recognize the backdrop. 









 What about a game show, Win DeNiro's Dinero. Kind of like Win Ben Stein's Money. 




 Studebaker 




 For example, even the sporty Mercury Marauder and Chevrolet Impala SS were only offered with an automatic.
Also worth noting, in 1971, GM eliminated manuals from their full-size cars, as they didn't sell well enough, even in the most bare bones of Chevrolets. This surprises me because back then manuals were probably more popular than they are now, and many people whom had grown up driving big cars with manuals like it was no big deal were still alive. 
























 Not that I have to, but most people immediately junk a car when it stops running, I think you could get more money by selling the parts off it. Especially when scrap metal prices are low. 




 How do writers name movie, TV, book, play, etc. characters? Some are funny names, some are realistic, some are based on the names of the actors who play them, some are based on people known by the cast, some are meant to match the appearance of the character, and many are a mystery. 














 Short lived car trading card series.

- [Article with complete list](http://www.dailyturismo.com/2014/08/coffee-brake-topps-autos-of-77.html)

- [eBay results](http://www.ebay.com/sch/items/?_nkw=topps+%22autos+of+77%22 _sacat= _ex_kw= _mPrRngCbx=1 _udlo= _udhi= _sop=12 _fpos= _fspt=1 _sadis= LH_CAds=) 




 One of the most bizarre looking cars to be built in America. 














 Sometimes they can be a pain in the ass, especially when they hide your posts. Like death and taxes, they will never go away, but no matter how much you downvote them they can't do anything about it. It's called passive aggressiveness. 














 This is a very random and surprising choice of vehicle for Bozosoku. 







































 The expressionless 




 Most recently, a hooded figure in the corner of a hotel room during sleep paralysis. I also sometimes see ones of different shapes and sizes, walking slowly, occasionally with faint red eyes in the dark of night while awake, though more often when I was a child. One I remember well at age 7 or 8 appeared to have the shape of a large man with a small head I saw while I was living at my granddads house. Seeing them as a kid was terrifying, though they left me alone and stayed on the other side of the room. Seeing them today isn't as scary but still unsettling. 




 BTW, these shape shifters aren't the only shadow figures I've seen. 




 Starting when I was 15, at a few times while experiencing sleep paralysis late at night, I have seen figures walking into my room or standing just outside it who appeared to have the shape and features of one of my parents (though it is a bit harder to tell in the dark). I would ask the one I thought I saw, (once my mom, twice my dad) if they walked in on me last night when I woke up in the morning, they said no each time. The last time this happened was about three months ago, but happens quite sporadically. The last time it happened I thought I saw my mom walk in for a couple seconds and also could hear the voices of strangers uttering unintelligible speech coming from downstairs, as well as thunder that wasn't actually happening. This was the most vivid of these dreams, the two others were just sightings of what I thought was my dad with really nothing else strange going on and my feeling of being "awake" was not as strong. Around the time of that last dream, my mom also said she had a very realistic dream where she saw a shadowy figure that she thought was me standing to the side of her side of the bed. 




 Starting when I was 15, at a few times while experiencing sleep paralysis late at night, I have seen figures walking into my room or standing just outside it who appeared to have the shape and features of one of my parents (though it is a bit harder to tell in the dark). I would ask the one I thought I saw, (once my mom, twice my dad) if they walked in on me last night when I woke up in the morning, they said no each time. The last time this happened was about three months ago, but happens quite sporadically. The last time it happened I thought I saw my mom walk in for a couple seconds and also could hear the voices of strangers uttering unintelligible speech coming from downstairs, as well as thunder that wasn't actually happening. This was the most vivid of these dreams, the two others were just sightings of what I thought was my dad with really nothing else strange going on and my feeling of being "awake" was not as strong. Around the time of that last dream, my mom also said she had a very realistic dream where she saw a shadowy figure that she thought was me standing to the side of her side of the bed. 









 I personally would rather see Woody Allen and GG Allin perform together, but GG is dead. 




 When I was between the ages of 5-10 I would often see shadowy figures, red eyes, and strange faces or creatures in my room when it was dark that weren't really there. When the lights went on these would disappear or become completely innocent items, but I was often too afraid to move. When the closet was left open, it would be worse. My mind still occasionally plays tricks on me in the dark, but now I know better. 









 In what area (town, city, neighborhood, etc.) do you seem to see the coolest cars when you go there? 









 1971-76 GM full size cars. These are big, big land yachts like Buick Electras, Olds 98s, Cadillac DeVilles, and Chevrolet Caprices. Fomoco's Lincoln Continentals of 70-79 are also very nice. 









 - W222 S65
- W211 E63
- W124 AMG Hammer
- C126 560SEC
- W108 300SEL 6.3  














 Nice survivor Grand Prix! A shame it didn't get much love over on r/classiccars. 




 I don't like thinking of people with disabilities or deformities as creepy, even if that may sometimes be my gut reaction. 




 Not that creepy by itself IMO, but it vaguely reminds me of Dren and would probably be terrifying in the dark or as a silhouette. 




 A is suicidal and happened to be held at gunpoint. When this happens, A does not comply, as he figures this is his opportunity to get killed without having to do it himself. B, is the gunman, his gun turns out to either be fake or empty of ammunition. After this happens, A, decides to run and hide. He calls the police to report being held at gunpoint by B and soon decides he no longer wants to die. What would the odds of this happening for real? 




 The Mercedes-Benz CLS shooting brake is another great car we cant get in America. 




 Full size, RWD, V8, American cars and four door hardtops. 




 Which were the five that cost under $400 and which one of the ten under $700 likely cost the most when new? 









 Would this fall into the uncanny valley? It's like looking at artificial life forms or aliens that have shapeshifted to look human. 




 I imagine him looking like a combination of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and GG Allin. 




 80's and 90's Acura Legend = modern Honda Accord 




 This beats the guy a few towns over from me who owns like 6 80's Oldsmobile Cutlass Supremes. 




 There's still the 2 door Range Rover Evoque and Jeep Wrangler. 




 My neighborhood is a real mixed bag,

- Maserati Quattroporte, 1957 Ford Thunderbird, Shelby Cobra Replica, 1966 Ford Mustang (next door on the left)
- Lexus ES300 (Next door on the right, hasn't been registered in almost 2 years) There is a makeshift mechanic shop being run there and a lot of other pieces of junk come and go.
- 90's Suburban
- 90s Ford Escort
- Lexus LS400 (used to have a bad suspension)
- POS white Toyota Tacoma (Like the ones the terrorists drive) 
- Mercedes E350 (brand new 6 months ago)
- Matte green Mercedes 190D
- Mercedes W126 and W140 S Classes
- 2009-present Chevrolet Malibu
- Late 2000s BMW X5
- E90 BMW 328i (belongs to a guy that lives in a basement apartment)
- Two BMW E36s and an E46
- Third Gen Camaro RS Convertible
- Mercury Grand Marquis missing it's front bumper for over a year
- 90s Lincoln Town Car
- 90s Ford Explorer
- 90s Acura Legend
- 3 Late 90s-early 00s Honda Civics
- Three Toyota Corollas and a Camry
- Three older Nissan Maximas, and a current model Altima
- There used to be an 80's Chevrolet Monte Carlo SS, Lamborghini Countach, and a Plymouth Gran Fury. 




 - Hyundai Genesis = Oldsmobile 88
- Hyundai Equus = Oldsmobile 98 




 Not necessarily of the same nameplate or manufacturer, but they should occupy a similar purpose, size, price range, market segment, or have similar aesthetics. 




 How would someone who has been isolated from the outside world for a decade or more, such as an ex con, kidnapping victim, or prisoner of war adapt to the times when they re enter society? For example, if somebody had been confined from the outside world for 20 years and were released today, they would likely be bewildered by the changes that have taken place in technology, world affairs, their own family, and other things. Would such a person have to catch up with what has happened during all this time they missed or end up "living in the past"? 




 Sorry if I caused any offense with this post. I am an American who has never been to Sweden and have only second hand knowledge of car culture over there. 




 V8, 4WD, tow package, heavy duty cooling system, heavy duty brakes, heavy duty battery, 160 amp alternator (standard model has 105), and available spotlights. 




 Corolla or Saturn 




 If you want to bring it back in at least 4 years under the 25 year rule, it will have to currently be 21 years old or older, which limits you to cars from 1993 or earlier, assuming the current petition to decrease the rule on personal imports to the US to 15 years is not successful. If you choose a newer car that was also available stateside, you can legally import it, but will have to drop more than it's worth into making it conform to North American regs. There is also the two more extreme options of importing a car under Show   Display (most of these are very rare or expensive and cannot legally be driven over 2500 miles a year) or getting a job that will entitle you to the benefit of Diplomatic Immunity. Otherwise you may be at risk of getting the car seized and possibly crushed by the DHS like they did with a number of Land Rover Defenders last month. 




 3500 sounded reasonable until I saw the miles. Very few of these cars are left without everything from the Pep Boys catalog added on, abuse that goes beyond normal wear, and a significant accident or theft history. 




 A used Chevy Tahoe with the Special Service Package can be picked up for about that or lower with below 80k at a Police or Government Surplus auction. 




 Perhaps a Chevy El Camino or Jeep Comanche. The El Camino is pretty simple, should get better mileage since it's car based, and will hopefully be cheap since they were last built in 1988. The Jeep Comanche, last built in 92' is also older and probably on par with the Baja in terms of rarity, but is based on the XJ Cherokee, which is one of the most reliable and sought after Jeeps of the recent past. The XJ is popular among off roaders and were produced from 1984-2001 in large numbers, so finding replacement parts and aftermarket support should be easy. 




 Porsche Cayenne (used), Porsche Macan (new) 




 These cars are part of the Raggare subculture, but most Raggarbil are customs or pristine classics, these clapped up superbeaters are comparatively small in numbers. 




 I have heard a lot about the American classic car culture of Sweden (Raggare). But one element I find strange is pilsnerbil. Drivers of these cars cruise and blast music while their passengers drink booze (I think this is legal over there). They are mostly 50s-80s sedans, such as full-size four door Chevrolets and similar GM cars with an exaggeratedly beaten appearance (similar to the look of the [Trailer Park Boys shitmobile] (http://imcdb.org/images/272/588.jpg)). They are typically primer painted, have junky looking interiors, mismatched wheels, graffitied slogans, hastily applied customizations, and duct tape repairs, but are mechanically well maintained. This seems like a confusing take on rat rods with a hint of bozosoku added.

[Here is a video of some of these cars](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2J9lRVmfSOk feature=player_embedded)
 




 I have heard a lot about the American classic car culture of Sweden. But one element I find strange is pilsnerbil. Drivers of these cars cruise and blast music while their passengers drink booze (I think this is legal over there). They are mostly 50s-80s sedans, such as full-size four door Chevrolets and similar GM cars with an exaggeratedly beaten appearance (similar to the look of the [Trailer Park Boys shitmobile] (http://imcdb.org/images/272/588.jpg)). They are typically primer painted, have junky looking interiors, mismatched wheels, graffitied slogans, hastily applied customizations, and duct tape repairs, but are mechanically well maintained. This seems like a confusing take on rat rods with a hint of bozosoku added.

- [Here is a video of some of these cars] (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2J9lRVmfSOk feature=player_embedded) 









 Saw the thumbnail and thought it was going to be a dead roach 




 I googled Smart Car price, it starts at 13k 









