 No, because then part of the series core fan demographic would not be able to watch it without being accompanied by a guardian. 




 The irony is that it's actually a thing in some countries to floss first. 




 *sigh, rezips pitck fork case* 




 Yeah, but sleeping is at least enjoyable. 




 YOU PEOPLE FORGOT TO FLOSS DIDN'T YOU. 




  Is the school funding a visit a common thing?

Depends on the field, some have visits before sending acceptances, some afterwards. The ones that send acceptances without requiring a visit, whether they offer visits may depend on how well funded the department is and the culture of the field/department.

If you can't visit, definitely Skype, or if that doesn't work, call. You'll want to do that before committing. 




 Trying to smell your own breathe doesnt work. What you should do is lick the back of your hand, wait a few seconds for it to dry, and then smell. 




 Theres not much advice to give other than that youll just have to make a list of what differs and maybe ask current grad students about their experiences in each program. What it sounds like is theres no bad choice. 




 You are ultimately junior and senior colleagues and are mutually responsible for helping advance each other's academic careers. 




 Some people in general will be annoyed by jokes in emails. I don't think it's a matter of professionalism. Academics get dozens to hundreds of emails a day, both excessive formalism and excessive extraneous casualness is a drain of time spent on an activity most people would rather not have to do but must. Unless it's like a response to the lab holiday party invitation or something of similar levity and familiarity, I think some people would be more annoyed not by the lack of professionalism, but because it's wasting their time.

Beyond emails, some PIs are very formal, others are more casual. Its a matter of reading whats mutually comfortable. Faculty attitudes also depend on department culture. I'm friendly and casual IRL with my PI, but prefer work emails be to the point which does not implry formal. 




 Followup question, what ecological opportunities allowed for the return to the sea by various vertebrate lineages e.g. cetaceans, mosasaurs. 




 Fair enough. Best of luck! 




 Sure, but I do feel like its not well known among amateur evolutionists. 




 Learn R and everything in Practical Computing for Biologists by Haddock and Dunn (regex, bash, basic python, some other stuff). Intro programming, as suggested by someone else, would be useful. 




 Not trying to offend, but I can't imagine that there aren't other anthropology departments with multiple faculty working on various food related topics, it's a fundamental human activity. At the risk of throwing out potential a program you've already considered, what about

WashU: https://anthropology.artsci.wustl.edu/research/archaeology/food-production
https://anthropology.artsci.wustl.edu/subfields/sociocultural-anthropology/research-areas/ecology-and-agriculture#overlay-context= 




 Please seem my comment here:

http://www.reddit.com/r/evolution/comments/2wd771/evidence_for_macroevolution/coq0elg 




 When we're talking about historical evolution on the timescales which scientists have never observed, talking about 10^2 to 10^9 time years, evolutionary history makes predictions about what we expect to see at all different levels, fossil morphology, contemporary morphology, organs, tissues, cells, biochemistry, and -omic data. These predictions have been correct again and again, and they tell a remarkably convergent story of the evolutionary history of life. There are some very fine details where there's still high uncertainty about the data, but there's no question about the broad (or even most of the medium and small) strokes, nor any question about whether evolution happens. Not to mention, the process of evolution by natural selection *must* happen, it's a statistical consequence which can be confirmed by both mathematical and computational arguments. As Dobzhansky once said "nothing in biology makes sense except in the light of evolution" (something like that). 




  Macro-evolution happens (generally) by lots of micro-evolutionary changes piling up over many generations, not single leaps.

People make this observation all the time, and I don't feel like it's anything but an obvious and somewhat useless observation. First of all, it says nothing about whether macroevolution *actually happens*, or has happened in the past (which I think is the more important actual question for people who don't understand evolution)--only that if it did happen, it must have happened by the same processes which occur in microevolution. The actual evidence for macroevolution, either in contemporary time, or in historical geological time, lies elsewhere (in the form of many independent lines of evidence supporting the same evolutionary story, and the power of evolutionary theory to predict what we should observe). 

Secondly, the statement that macroevolution is lots and lots of microevolution is analogous to the equally true statement that "biology is just applied chemistry which is just applied physics which is just applied math". It's true but not very useful. It ignores the real scientific questions which emerge at the higher level. Macroevolution is just lots of microevolution, and *it isn't*. How species actually arise is a very hard and still open question (along with the question of what is a species anyways), which is informed by the study of the four microevolutionary processes (selection, drift, migration, mutation/recombination), but is certainly not completely explained by them. 

For example, the question of whether speciation occurs often in sympatry is a fundamental macroevolutionary question, and there is no answer from population geneticists (who are the people who study microevolution). Most people who study speciation evolution say it's not as important as allopatry, but it's still up for debate.

tl;dr: It's a true statement, but severely lacks nuance.

Edit: My grad student friend who studies speciation agrees that micro+time = macro is not really a meaningful statement. 









 People who commit fundamental attribution errors over and over. 




 So you're also going to ignore the socioeconomic/environmental factors as well? 




 And here I thought he meant to say "canonically". This makes more sense. 




 pretty sure that was sarcasm. unless your comment was also sarcasm. but maybe my comment is also sarcasm. 




  I was angry, I felt sick. I didn't know what to do.

Lies. I feel betrayed by OP. Why does this keep happening to me? 




 Plenty of free online materials to study for the GRE and then ~$30 prep books. All you need is some motivation to invest the time. Prep classes are a complete waste of money. And if you have questions, there are plenty of forums where people would be happy to explain a question or two for free. 




 Plenty of free online materials to study for the GRE and then ~$30 prep books. All you need is some motivation to invest the time. Prep classes are a complete waste of money. And if you have questions, there are plenty of forums where people would be happy to explain a question or two for free. 




 "Oh yeah, I think at the time they had already rejected me, so it slipped my mind to mention it." 




 I would probably send an email to whoever's the director of the CS graduate program or program admissions for advice concerning your particular situation. It won't hurt to ask. 




 They won't care about your nominal major as long as you have the coursework and research experience. Chemistry with relevant electives will definitely not be looked down upon for cell biology (where chemistry is probably very useful). 




 Don't forget to floss. 




 Found great lab and department with great fit, healthy department culture, intellectually satisfying, lots of opportunities and flexibility. Subfield is one where I feel like I'll have (relatively) good job prospects in academia or industry with transferable skills, while also being very personally interesting. Personal life consists of a very social grad student group within department, meetup.com, and admittedly not much outside of that. 




 It doesn't help you to know. 




 They're pyramids. 




 Physics word problems tend to not have extraneous information, and in some sense, the ability to abstract a real-world problem into an abstract model in physics is kinda the whole point of physics. This is not really the case in mathematics. 




 My opinion is that while the calculus track should be offered for people who intend to go into STEM fields, *everyone* should be *required* to take a prob stats course in HS. For the vast majority of people, it is far far more useful subject, and a far more useful subject for society for people to be educated about.

The other subject that needs a complete rehaul is geometry. It's often used as an introduction to "proofs" but is so far removed from the kind of proof thinking that a mathematician, or physicist, or even engineer would think of proofs. It's completely boring, have no context, somehow made repetitive (the whole point of mathematical arguments is to *avoid* repetition of ideas by abstractions that capture general relationships), and Euclid would shoot himself if he saw it. It sucks, because it was one of my least favorite subjects in school, yet one of my favorite subject in math competitions. Algebra through Calculus are *okay* I guess. 




 ...Well that took a tur... nope, it kinda just started off like that. 




 As a math major, I'm torn. On one hand, I wish the standard math track prioritized probability and statistics over the classic calculus track, as very few people outside of STEM ever need to use calculus, but almost everyone (even if they don't know it) are inundated with statistics every day. On the other hand, I wish the classic math track didn't vampirically drain geometry and algebra of any of the mathematical beauty and creativity that appeals to mathematicians. 




 I loved math. Not math class. Math competitions were the shit. Math class was shit. Same repetitive crap and endless walls of text word problems disguising another repetitive exercise within an "real world application" that is not actually useful in the real world. 




 WIFE WIFE WIFE WIFE WIFE WIFE WIFE 




 I CAN'T BELIEVE I'M NOT BUTTER 




  It might be overly simplistic and maybe even misleading, but statistics aren't offensive.

It's not just over simplistic, it's incorrect. Summary statistics about populations say very little about each individual within a population. 36% of the people you meet within a normally distributed population will be greater than 1 standard deviation from the mean, which can be a very different from the mean if the variance is large. When you refer to individual people, summary statistics about the populations they belong to are useless. Yet this is often the case of what happens in real life, people stereotype individuals as being characterized by a population average statistic. 

How often do people do this with people they don't know? 90% of the time? 80% of the time? Let's say 80%. So if person meets many people who belong to a group, and 80% of the time assume that the other person is describable by the group average, then they're within 1 standard deviation 64% of the time. That doesn't seem too bad, you're close enough most of the time. But from the other person's perspective, if they *are* very different from the group average, then 80% of their encounters involves a person assuming they are something they are not, simply because of the group they are associated with. That kind of casual racism gets very tiring very fast. And it's worse when the perceived population average is not even close to the actual. 




 I think this has a lot to do with shows these days being very much about plot and characters, while I think one of the triumphs of LoK is it's very rich thematic material more akin to that of very good literary works, that have to be reread again. 




 Context and audience are important though when it comes to "racist" comedy. 




 Makes sense, "d", English "r" and "l" and Japanese "r" have similar articulations of the tongue. "d" is a plosive, i.e. produced with a stop and release of air, while Japanese "r" is a tap, i.e. produced with a more subtle almost stop and release of air; it also has a "lateral" quality like in English "l" where air moves around the sides of the tongue. 




  that same standard must be applied to every other race.

And it should be. It's pretty fucking terrible to assume that a Hmong diaspora family is doing well just because they're perceived as "Asian" (whatever that means in any sense other than as a social construction), when many are actually poor, disenfranchised, refugees. Mean earnings say very little about the overall distribution of wealth within a class, and says nothing about individuals and individual families, and it's offensive to talk about *individuals* as if they're population averages. So I'll give a concession: "Asian people" are successful *as a group*, but that in *no way* reflects any particular person's experiences, and to ignore personal experiences is wrong. 




 I wouldn't say American education promotes creativity, given the obsession with standardized testings and appealing to the lowest common denominator. At least not in K-12 education.

Then there's the obvious problem when people consciously or subconsciously stereotype Asian Americans who spent most if not all of their lies growing up in the US as if they grew up in a completely different system 




 The one that gets me is "Where are you from?"

"The Mid-West"

"Lol, well, you know what I *meant* by "where are you from?"

Yes. Fuck off. 




 Oh yes, also floss your teeth. 




 Floss before masturbating. 




 at least they come in pairs. 




 Delaware, it's small, and not really in New England. 




 Warm, dry heat rises from the bottom. 




 Yup, beautifully animated western cartoon with anime influences and wonderfully realized world-building and similar use of color is much less relevant to anyone here (except the 100% upvote thus far) than "The Last Airbender has a higher IMDB rating than 50 Shades of Grey" or a dozen "What shows should I watch after Avatar" threads. Here's another thread for you to delete: http://www.reddit.com/r/TheLastAirbender/comments/2un88o/no_spoilers_a_recommendation_post_rwby// 




 Definitely next on my list! 




 I respect your opinion, and I completely disagree. I think this overlooks the fundamental difference between ATLA and LoK. ATLA was a struggle against an external threat, as exemplified in its name, "The Last Airbender" is the result of the . LoK was never about the villains, it was, as its name exemplifies, always about Korra. It was never about the external threats but Korra's internal growth as a character. And in this perspective, I thought Korra's final arc was very well done narratively and brought a lot of closure to her coming-of-age tale. Kuvira was never supposed to be a big final external and existential threat like the Red Lotus were, but primarily served as the foil to Korra's internal growth; she is what Korra could have been, and indeed, was designed to be just like who Korra was in the early Books. And when you say "nothing made it feel that this was the final time Team Avatar would be tested" that's exactly the point, the threats will always be there, but Korra is now physically, spiritually, and finally emotionally prepared for anything that comes her way, and there's no longer a question about her future role as the Avatar. It's pretty much spelled out in her final conversation with Tenzin. 









 Irony: OP is black. 




  it's coincidence that most of the places on my "I never want to visit that shithole" list are heavily Muslim

Well yeah, it's spatial and temporal autocorrelation. 




 Ah, well then definitely contact them to see if they're available. 




 October seems to on the late side IMO--some PI's won't respond for 2-4 weeks, and you want to have a good idea of where you're applying early enough that you can ask for LoR's. Otherwise, I think we had fairly similar advice. 




 Seems like you're off to a great start! I'm assuming you're applying this Fall. You could start emailing them now, though realize that it is a bit early for next cycle considering most programs are still finishing their admissions process for this cycle, which also means potential PI's have probably not thought about whether they're accepting students next year (which can depend on a host of factors, including whether they get new grad students this year, and whether they're funding situations changes from now until then). That said, it's never too early to start networking, especially if you have the opportunity to meet them face to face at conferences or invited seminars.

When you're ready, I'd send them a 2-3 paragraph email. "Dear Professor X", introduce yourself (name, university, major, if you're currently doing research in a related field "current doing undergraduate research in X" (brief, enough to spark some common ground)); that you're planning on applying to grad school programs this fall, interested in doing research in X, interested in potentially working in your lab and feel they're a good fit for you; was wondering if you're considering accepting/taking on new grad students, and whether you had some time available for a skype or phone interview; attached my CV below; thank them for their time and consideration.

What you want to do is introduce yourself, why you're contacting them, show well-informed interest in their lab, get an answer to the very important question of whether they're actually considering taking on new grad students, and that you are keen to continue the conversation with them, while being both courteous and respectful. The rest of your questions can be addressed in future conversations.

And then just wait. 




 Wait, but what did she leave thinking why you asked in the first place if you didn't end up asking her to babysit? 




 Floss. 




 Yup, since salamander tadpoles have gills, there was an existing developmental pathway--axolotl's are neotenous salamanders. 




 Define elite. 




 I prefer "Nothing in biology makes sense except in light of ecology." Context is everything. 




 I know others have responded but obviously such statistics are not useful except with respect to a particular population of study. 




 Yeah, we have some great museums. I'll definitely go back to visit 




 But aren't these transmission probabilities *conditional on your partner having HIV*? This ignore the marginal probability of your partner having HIV in the first place. Not that it's not useful information, but it's ignoring a very important component. Or am I mistaken? 




 Sigh, as much as I don't want to admit it, I think you're right. 




 These are literally false statements. Why is this even legal? 




 Hutchinson, but only for the space museum. 




 Kansas has surprisingly good public schools in some areas, at least, unless Brownback has his way with the education budget cuts. BBQ. Google Fiber. Sprint headquarters has a lot of jobs there. 




 http://petitions.moveon.org/sign/recall-sam-brownback 




 This source says at least 50% of O2 comes from plankton, though the original estimate that is being referenced is from 1998, so it could be outdated http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v483/n7387_supp/full/483S17a.html 




 And I wouldn't say humans are doomed. Many species will be doomed (which I think is very sad and kind of a shitty thing to leave to our descendants), but humans probably will end up fine, though that's frankly hard to predict (part of it is, we have no idea of what to expect of future technology, while other more predictable trends always have a great deal of uncertainty). What I do think is true is that it will end up being a lot more costly, in terms of the hardships people will face in the next few centuries, and the costs of replacing or substituting the relatively cheap services that ecosystems provide human society. It's not that our predictions are precise, but that even including current levels of uncertainty over predicted trends, it's very unlikely that a business-as-usual scenario will not end up harming us more than if we channeled our efforts into slowing current trends. Basically, while expected trendlines have quite a bit of uncertainty, our confidence ranges are almost entirely in the negative impacts--the mean trendlines are less important than the area under the distribution of potential futures that are bad. The reality is we're affecting the environment in a significantly negative way currently, not just through CO2 emissions, but in many other ways as well, including introducing invasive species, destroying ecosystems for short-sighted development, mismanagement of water and soil resources, and tonnes of pollution. These will have long-term consequences that will be extremely costly to fix, if they can be fixed at all.

 




 To step back from global warming and to look at the wider scope of anthropogenic environmental problems, one of the reasons why we food production hasn't been affected yet is because we're living on borrowed time. Fertilizers come from nonrenewable fossil fuels, and irrigation water is being used much faster than the aquifers from which they come from are replenishing, while healthy agricultural soil is being destroyed by unsustainable farming practices. We're able to maintain a level of food production because we're tapping into resources that have taken thousands to millions of years to accumulate, at obviously much faster rates than they are being replenished. It hasn't affected us to the point of food shortage just yet, but it is obviously unsustainable. Global warming will negatively affect food production by: increasing water usage, shifting climates (dryer and hotter summers, longer and colder winters, depending on geographic region), and increase in pest ranges. It's already negatively impacted the fishing and shellfish industries, as I mentioned with declining oyster populations.

Biodiversity loss has other affects. A lot of useful materials, such as new pharmaceuticals, are the result of studies of nature. Nature is a great resource for discovering new design and new chemicals.

But I think more importantly is the many services that ecosystems provide, such as protection from storms, water filtration, nutrient cycling, carbon sequestration, disease and pest control, pollination of crops, etc. These services can be valued at many hundreds of billions of dollars per year. Disruption of key foundation species in ecosystems due to global warming can lead to collapse of entire ecosystems--robust ecosystems have healthy biodiversity. We're still learning about the many ways in which ecosystems

Lastly, I'd like to give a word of caution of taking economic valuations of nature too literally; value will cycle up and down as in any market, but unlike man-made products where supply can be increased by increasing production, diminished ecosystem resources are lost forever (as far as human timespans are concerned). Ecosystem biodiversity has value in the long-run and preserving yields long-term savings and advancements, not to mention the spiritual/emotional, ethical, and aesthetic arguments in favor (which do mean something to me, but not to everyone). There's a much greater risk/loss when we under value vs over value ecosystems. 




  Have we ever observed a species decimated due to warming?

Well taken literally, decimated does mean only a 10% reduction, so yes, many many species. Ah, I'll stop being pedantic.

There are plenty of species that have been severely affected by global warming. Polar bears, and other cold climate species or high-altitude species (i.e. cold adapted species). Coral reefs, which are a foundation species, so that affects all the biodiversity in coral reef ecosystems as well. Many economically important shellfish crops (e.g. oysters) are in decline. A recent study found widespread amphibian extinction due to the spread of epidemic diseases that grow more optimally in warming environments. There are a lot of examples in the conservation ecology literature.

Warming means that climates are moving northwards. Thus, the geographic range of cold adapted species living at higher altitudes and latitudes are contracting, including both flora and fauna. Species that cannot move northward fast enough (e.g. venus fly traps) will be at risk. On the other hand, warm-climate adapted species are expected to increase in range; but this is also problematic, as some of these may be invasive, or pathogenic (e.g. mosquito-borne diseases). Ecosystems will also be disrupted, particularly thermally sensitive ecosystems, such as coral, leading to a collapse in biodiversity in those areas. Other problems include ocean acidification, costal flooding, and extreme precipitation conditions (extremely low or extremely high). 




 Fight Club 




 Oh man oh man, the feels. 




 - That's not really true. Not only did Korra save Kuvira's life, but her  belief in Kuvira's superiority, ends justify the means actions, and the irrelevance of the Avatar in the modern world, were obliterated the moment Korra contained that spirit blast. She admitted defeat. This is more or less spelled out in their dialogue. Her motives are not wrong, it's that it takes Korra's empathy for her to realize how her once pure motives had corrupted her judgement. She went from having all the power in the world to having none. Edit: Basically, Kuvira had a god complex, she was undefeatable, all powerful, and her endgoals were rightgeous regardless of the morality of her actions. In the end she was forced to confront the true face of god, was utterly defeated, utterly blown away by the unsurmountable power of the Avatar, and was *saved*, and the Avatar empathized with her. Kuvira, no longer blinded by power, control, and desire, those being stripped away from her, was forced to confront the reality of herself.

- When else would it have been acknowledged? Most of the rest of the series was dedicated to the battle, which is not the time to grieve, but to get the job done. Between the end of the battle and Korra and Asami talking was a few minutes, and the moment where they did address it made the most sense thematically.

- To each their own.

- Probably not, though I felt the opposite, I found he dislikable at first, but he grew on me.

- Yeah.

- Nega Korra's serves a metaphorical purpose in Korra's journey. 




 That is... odd... I may be wrong then, and it may be that is the case for more medical-oriented programs. I don't see any harm in emailing for clarification though. Avoid making decisions based on assumptions. 




 As I said in my other comment, most PhD programs observe the April 15th deadline. What did your decision letter say? Did it mention April 15th as a response deadline? 




 This was not true for any of my offers when I applied (none of which have wait lists), and there's no indication that this is the case here. That said, it's useful to know that this is a possibility. It seems contrary to the April 15th resolution that many institutions uphold. Are you sure your institution is part of the Council of Graduate Schools? 




 It's generally assumed to be 25 years per generation. 




 People have livelihoods there. 




 Nooooo, my honor! 




 I think you'd be surprised at how perceptive kids are. 




 The Daily Show hosted by Amy Schumer. 




 A lot of programs don't care about the writing section anyways. 4.0 is fine. How well you write on your essays is much more important. 




 Your scores are good enough. Spend the time working on other parts of your application. IMO GRE only matters in the sense that a low GRE can  raise flags. 




 These are questions you can ask current graduate students and faculty at visit day. If you are confused about something, ask. I'm sure they'll be happy to answer.

I do find it weird that the EE department doesn't guarantee 5 years of funding (even TAships) (I just checked UW EE FAQ page). IIRC, my UW offer (but in a different department) guaranteed 5 years of funding of at least TAships. You should ask current graduate students if a significant number of students have trouble getting funded or getting into a lab after 1 year. 




 I no longer can vote in KS. However I still have family and friends who live in KS. What can I do to protest the current government? 




 Better than both being bottomless. 




 Do you want to do scientific research? Or are you more interested in the advocacy part of environmental studies? It depends on what kind of career you want down the road. 




 Yes thank you! I was also at the event, but didn't get a pic of prince wu or the early mako sketch. (You wouldn't happen to have a gotten a pic of what I remember to be Lin with a helmet? Long-shot I guess).

Prince Wu kinda looks dandy... space dandy? EARTH dandy. 




 I'd say it's the opposite. Conflicts of interest must be reported during journal submissions, and are listed within published peer-review articles. Agencies that fund research also have policies regarding conflicts of interest. Institutions also have policies regarding conflicts of interest. 




 caskett. 




 Bioinformatics, biochemistry, bio(medical)engineering. The more quantitative skills you have, the better. Learn programming. Biology is becoming more quantitative and computational all around, and outside of biology, those skillsets will serve you well. 




 All the bme's I know ended up quitting engineering for more lucrative careers in finance, silicon valley, founded startups, and the like, if they weren't premeds (most were premeds). There are a lot of companies who like to hire engineers for jobs that aren't strictly engineering because they have desirable quantitative skillsets. (That said, it was one of the best bme programs in the country, which funnily seemed to not have many people go into engineering). Note, most of them pursued some kind of internship during undergrad in those fields (finance, tech). 




 If the individual learners could get together and share their knowledge and are able to exclude the "social learners" (who are essentially cheating the system), then yes, they would be able to increase their fitness without incurring the costs of helping cheaters. 




 I don't appreciate your prejudice. Please educate yourself with this PSA.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FdN8sBzv60o 




 Not surprised, the Lego Movie was great, and over 18 includes college and young adults. 




 Do I have to pay taxes on the $1m? 




 20k/y income. 




 He/She probably means the graduate student union at their institution. 




 UCDavis offered me a low stipend and *partial* tuition remittance (which was obviously a deal breaker). Some institutions may be great programs academically and research wise but have no funding from higher up. 




 For deferred unsubsidized loans for which you have flexibility to pay but are still accruing interest, pay what you can, and in the order highest to lowest interest loans. Then move on to subsidized loans, same strategy. 




 ^Great advice. Also read whatever their program website has to say about it so you can have a more informed conversation, but you shouldn't feel weird asking about funding when it isn't clear to you, that's important for making your decisions. 




