 One of the best things I have ever read on Reddit.  




 Real laughter was produced. 




 I am going to go against the grain and say Ned Stark would make an amazing King. Ask yourself where we would be today in the world of Westeros if Ned was king instead of Robert. The kingdom would not be in debt, no bastard children, the people would be well taken care of and justice would be handled properly. I also don't see treachery getting as close to Ned as it did Robert, as the latter made increasingly bad decisions over the course of years (as king, and with his wife) to end up in the situation that he was in.   




 Like...shaving? 




 Regardless of whether you agree with the current wars we are involved in, the man is putting his life on the line in the defense of our nation. That deserves thanks. 

EDIT: Not saying you were disrespecting him or anything. I apologize if it comes off that way.  




 Yeah, probably $300-$400 worth. 




 You probably hear this a lot, but Thank You

EDIT: ...and have an upvote 




 MEG! 




 It has been a while for me, but didn't Theon claim Robb "King in the North" first in aGoT? 




 That song was amazing. Also, now I suddenly have the strong urge to play a JRPG... 




 You are not redoing the animations, just tweaking them.  




 That seems like something to me that can be easily remedied. It is not some game breaking combat glitch or graphical issue.  




 As well as new melee attacks (which look to be class specific). Also weapon mods, more customization under skill trees, smarter AI, and more responsive controls.

Plus, you are also only taking into account the combat we have seen thus far. There also looks to be some pretty cool on-rails combat sequences as well as a much more epic scale to the battles.  




 This game doesn't come out until March, so I think there is more than enough time to smooth out the animations on characters.  




 Knowing BioWare, Mass Effect 3 is probably going to be a lot more than that.  




 I would visit newegg.com and look at some of the available laptops they have on their website. Usually there are user reviews that accompany each laptop that will speak towards their gaming performance.  




 thanks for the advice! :) 









 [For if the IGN link doesn't work...](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQH3_Fydt-4) 









 Am as I. 




 I second this. Could use a new desktop background.  




 Not how I pictured him but HBO knows what they are doing.  




 Exactly how I pictured him.  









 I could only get to the 54 second mark before I could watch no more... 




 and this is the post that should be upvoted.  




 Will it ever stop? Yo, I don't know.  




 And it worked.

The only part I heard... 




 R'hollor be praised 




  See, it sounds like you're trying to rape them.

Sea: It sounds like you are trying to rape them.  




  See, it sounds like you're trying to rape them.

Sea: It sounds like you are trying to rape them.  




 Lets just say that Jon snow was killed by his attackers, then was brought back to life. That would mean that his vows would have been fulfilled, and he no longer is bound to the Nights Watch.

*Night gathers, and now my watch begins. It shall not end until my **death**.*

 




 Yes, it was from Winterfell. In my OP, I was referring to the fact there was no raven from Winterfell sent to the king at Kings Landing.  




 There was never a raven sent from Winterfell bearing news of the battle to Kings Landing. 




 This. There should/would have been a raven from Winterfell if Stannis was defeated.  




 I would have to agree with your last statement. Theon and Jeyne are both with Stannis last we read, so if Stannis truly was defeated then it stands to reason that he would already have found Jeyne and Theon again. 

Mance probably gave up that Jon sent him, but I doubt that in that short span he was able to defeat Stannis as well.  




 I just finished aDwD and was pretty pissed off when I read that Jon was killed. You have just gave me a small glimmer of hope. 




 I have been eyeing it up for a while, but was always afraid to click...haha 




 Just a thought, but I think it would allow a lot more people to discuss the events of the book without having to worry about accidently running into spoiler events from later on in the book.  




 What if there was alcohol involved? 




 It should be noted that you cannot have sex temporarily. I don't see this as such a big issue. The man that you are with is probably going to spend a lot of time with you "working" on your condition, so it's not like any kind of sexual interaction is off the table. Also, the potential payoff should things turn around is pretty high.  




 Yeah, I think was important to show these people so the reader can understand the motives behind their decisions.  




 I liked it a lot. Jaime's chapters were great, as well as Brienne's. I also thought the way Cersei's character developed over the course of the book was pretty interesting.  




 He doesn't count Jon as one of Catelyn's children 




