 holy shit that looks like a surfboard 




 holy shit, is this a thing... 

They've managed to make the bloody thing suck even more.. 




 God i love that movie, the prison scenes were almost as gruesome as they were awesome. Its one of those movies i have to watch at least twice a year. 




 i'm always the idiot who drives straight through the explosion... :( thats even more depressing because you weren't even #1... 




 Haha, well at least 50% is on something in that crowd, a friend of mine works in the camera crew of Q-dance, and his only job is to literally find people who look kinda sober enough to put in the aftermovie.

and ofcourse, you know... filming the hotties.  




 Don't forget B-front, don't know if you could classify that as raw, but god damn that guy can make some music.

and if you're talking about show, i will never forget standing in this crowd.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-IqSdC52Sks 




 God... 




 didn't know i was talking to someone who knows what he's talking about, and i agree with everything you say its just a bit to much, on the one hand its all house remixes, and on the raw hardstyle hand its only hardcore kicks with screeches! 

But as far as the shows go (and thats why i posted it), you can't disagree that its pretty epic.  




 yep, facebook has to know you were there i guess.  




 hehe, it takes some getting used to i guess. But hey, rammstein is also concidered garbage by some, and 600.000 people seem to enjoy it in the picture :D 

 




 God 




 This can't be a coincidence. Two weeks ago i remember waking up in the middle of the night. Still dreaming i'm looking at my phone thinking "well its 02:00, time to take a shower". I'm showering, grabbing my bag for work, i'm fully clothed, i'm almost ready to go make breakfast. While i'm grabbing my phone for a quick look. THATS when i realize its 2 in the fucking morning and i can sleep for at least 4,5 hours before my alarm goes off... It was one of the most confusing things when i slowly started realizing what happened. 




 and for the lazy: this was this years endshow of Defqon 1.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QLYDG5k-LLY

Was really sick. 




 Look for Qlimax 2014, happened last weekend. Hardstyle maybe is a bit unknown in a very big part of the world. But its growing, and the shows they give in the stadiums are crazy. Lots of indoor fireworks.

 




 Didn't know there was a new season yet. Funny that they rap better than 90% of those idiots who are 'big' these days.  




 5 days late, but hey, thats good news! Is/was it painfull afterwards? 




 hahaha, one of those hidden gems in the comments. This is why i go straight to reddit after watching it at home.  




 Hope everything went well!  




 Only one hour left, nervous? 




