 Seth Killian's commentary can be very condescending and smug sometimes. Also dickrides Daigo too much when he's playing (see Evo 2013 Top 8). However, his style is very interesting to hear compared to other commentators since rather than focusing by what's happening in the match, he focuses on the mindset and mentality of players as a whole and on the fly. You can thank his doctorate in philosophy for all of these insights. 

Zhi is an enigma. When he's under restraint in a professional environment, he is actually the best commentator when it comes to play-by-play. But 90% of the time, he's on the extreme spectrum of "colour" commentary. He's like a hit-and-miss vesion of Aris when it comes to the anime references/memes/jokes. He's halfway between good and high tier a.k.a his own tier. This is because he has the advantage of knowing the Asia FGC scene better than the US commentators as well as capable of speaking it.

Mike Ross is terrible end of story. But I guess that's his style in terms of being a "hype" man in a WWE way. Both Ultra David and James Chen admit that when they are paired up with him, they sometimes accidentally say stupid shit. That says it all. 

Combofiend isn't much better but since he works for Capcom, his play-by-play is slightly better and seems articulate on the mic.

The most frustrating thing about James Chen is that he's the perfect template of what a commentator should do, but I feel like his work on it has barely improved throughout all these years of experience. He should already realise by now on the faults he has when commentating such as getting stuff wrong within the match, being mis-informed on other stuff relating to players and such. Otherwise, when he's paired with Ultra David, most of the time he is very good. 




 Warner's 'stache is an assault to the senses 




 Rule 5: Criticising Shane Watson is a customary (or obligatory) tradition here. 




 Bonchan is really clutch too. Tokido sometimes gets flustered by irrational play by his opponent.  




 So will the commentating line-up be James Chen, Ultra David, Seth Killian, Spooky, Skisonic and Mike Ross for both streams? 




 Training Stage = EVO Street Fighter National Anthem. [] (/Kappa) 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2reKhU28GWA

Skisonic's finest commentary [](/Kappa) 




 Is F-W0rd coming to Evo for commenntary? It will be a shame if he didn't. He was the best commentator for Street Fighter only when he was paired with Logan Sama. 




 Will it be a surprise for people if Daigo didn't makes Top 8 this EVO? 

The competition is so stacked + pool madness these days that making Top 32 is still respectable for him I think imo 




