 Been there, done that. Also: Kim Peek, inspiration for Rain Man, was *not autistic*, and do people ever listen when you say that? No, no they do not. 




 Spelling and writing are more "crystallized" than speech and take longer to change. Also, our orthography is something we are explicitly taught long after we have learned to speak.

Finally, the question you need to ask is "considered right by whom and in what context?"  Many words are roundly condemned despite being in common usage for a very long time. Consider "ain't" or the "aks" pronunciation of "ask". There is no official body to say "this is right, this is wrong". Instead, right and wrong are largely considered on the grounds of what wealthy, educated people consider to be right and wrong... which, unsurprisingly, overlaps strongly with how they perceive themselves as speaking and writing. 




 Iris is pretty light skinned. Her children, especially if she marries a white guy, could easily come out looking lighter than she is. And if they continue the trend, there's no reason her grandchildren couldn't look white. And if they look white and identify as white, they effectively *are* white, race being a social construct and not any sort of science. Quite a lot of people who consider themselves white in America are walking around with black ancestors, they just don't know it. (Or they do know it and don't consider it terribly relevant, because unlike in Jim Crow days "one drop" is just not that important to us.)

At any rate, Eobard is ~16 generations removed from Eddie, not 1 or 2. (Going by the wiki, which says he's from the 25th century, and assuming 25 years between generations. That's the rule used for gathering demographic data.) 




 What. 




 It was so futuristic he had no idea where to start.  




 It's tragic what's happened to Grimm. 




 He may have actually found bodies, but it's claimed he specifically found the bodies of Major's two dead kids, so either way he's definitely using these people as a cover-up. 




 On the one hand, clever way to move those missing kids! Well, until people notice that kids are *still going missing*, which they *will*, and then it's just going to scream "cover-up".

One question: How'd he place the bodies there fast enough to be "discovered" without being seen? 




 I'm faster than your av-er-age bear. 




 Yes, it was definitely one of his grayer moments. His Maquis opponent was right on the money, too - the Federation *does* "assimilate people and they don't even know it". They just wake up one day, drinking the root beer. But Sisko is so deep in root beer that he can't see that this might be a problem, ethically speaking. 




 Eobard went back in time specifically to fight the Flash in, I guess, 2024. He's really from the 25th century, according to the wiki. 












































 Oh, yeah, because *that* wouldn't tip him off. 




 So maybe The Flash killed his mom. Or maybe a third speedster did it. Or maybe his dad did it, and he made it up, and coincidentally it looks like the marks left by The Flash. Or maybe....

"It was a speedster" is not going to clear things up without a name to attach to the speedster. 




 It's part of his costume. Because he doesn't believe - hey, that's how Iris figured it out! Barry didn't believe strongly enough and broke the fiction field. 




 If we don't believe that people in costume are unrecognizable, all secret identity plots fall apart. That not only takes down a great number of superheroes, but also huge swaths of opera, Shakespeare, and the occasional fairy tale.

I'm not willing to destroy Western culture for the sake of Iris West. 




 But lots of people work with Eddie, Joe, Barry, and Cisco - namely, *the entire station*, and also the pizza guy and the janitors if we're using the "dropping stuff off = working with you" definition. 




 Not as valuable a hostage as Iris, who was *standing right there*.

Though point 1 makes sense. 




 Wait, does she know that he's buddies with all of Barry's friends? (And hey - doesn't Barry have any pre-lightning friends who *aren't* Iris?) 




 Hm. Shouldn't that put him at a higher risk of cancer? 




 Why would he bother to save Eddie - who has been dead for centuries, naturally - if Eddie isn't in a direct line of descent? 




 Usually run through the schools, which lately have become paranoid about letting unrelated adults in. 




 And evidently, if you DO follow comics you shouldn't worry either, because they don't make any sense. 




 This sub will never give Iris credit for anything. She could save the world and they'd just bitch that she was a whiny Mary Sue. (Admittedly, if she DID save the world that'd give some real credence to the Mary Sue argument.) 




 It must be a relief after having to play Wells for a decade and a half. 




 Maybe Iris suffers from voiceblindness.

http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=128412201 




 I eventually googled it. Short answer? He's crazy. Long answer? He's *really* crazy, and also a bit of a sociopath (in the informal TV definition). 




 So, again, Eobard could've just strolled right through, so long as he didn't vibrate or run. 




 Okay, so why did Barry *run* into the thing to test it? Why not just stroll up and press his hand against it? 




 If time travel exists in the future, it exists now. People who aren't time travelers simply aren't able to use it. 




 The Central City Bocce Club. 




 That's a big assumption to make considering that about 40 - 50% of marriages in the US eventually end in divorce.

Even if it does shake out that way, that doesn't mean that Eobard couldn't exist. Eddie could cheat. Iris could die young, causing Eddie to remarry without divorce. Eddie could donate sperm to a friend or stranger (who happens to also be one of Eobard's ~65,500 ancestors alive today). They could have fertility issues combined with a wacky mixup at the clinic. They and Barry could form a stable poly relationship.

Lots of options! 




 Yes, and? We're talking *hundreds of years*. One drop is just not that strong. 




 Then why did they let Barry careen into it like a nitwit? 




 So... wait. Cisco made a forcefield that stops people when they're speedstering, but not when they're moving at a normal pace? What the hell is the point? Surely he realized that Barry and Eobard can walk like normal people when they choose.

Also, them in the vault: Look at the cool costume! Check out that byline! Yeah, glad to see you guys have your priorities in order.

Edit: AND WHY TELL IRIS TO GO HOME? RF knows where she lives! Tell her to go to a hotel! 



























































 It is? Which rule is that? Can I see the book you got that from? Who wrote it? 




 Same reason he needs to actually hold a tricorder rather than using holographic tricorder eyes. 




 Well, that's you. I don't really care about the weird aliens or the technobabble unless the *people* have a compelling story. If it's all about aliens and technobabble, why have a constant cast? Why not just do stories like on Outer Limits or Twilight Zone? 





























 They were toxic, yes, but the one does not preclude the other. They took child abuse to a pretty heavy level.

Also, how many "things" did they do? Did they go on an outing every weekend, or one every year? They certainly were with Harry more often than not.  




 Aaaaah, could it be one of the Lisa, Bill, and Jed mysteries by Peggy Parish?

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peggy_Parish#Liza.2C_Bill_.26_Jed_mysteries 







































 Well, do Trills have a, um, non physical afterlife? 




 And one on Dropbox or something. Seriously, guys, get it together! 




  But he's also an antisocial square, devoted to a conception of personal honor that he hasn't realized is just set dressing for a culture of political thuggery that has repeatedly spurned and assaulted him....

Putting aside your main question, I want to take a second to defend Worf here. 

I think Worf really *does* realize as an adult that Klingons do not all match up to the ideal he formed in his head as a child. The trouble is that his personality was formed as an adopted Klingon child living on a Federation colony. He didn't fit in, and he didn't fit in with Klingons, and like any child he rather simplistically decided that if he could just live up to everybody's ideals, he could fit in with everybody instead of his actual situation, which was fitting in with nobody at all. 

So he threw himself into being Worf, son of Mogh, SUPERKLINGON while simultaneously trying to be Worf Rozhenko, FEDERATION. The end result is, well, Worf the grown-up, whose idea of meshing the best of both cultures led him to be quite a serious individual. And an epic buzzkill. Even when he grew old enough and knowledgeable enough to realize that Klingon society isn't all honorable all the time (and that humans don't all live up to their vaunted ideals either, nor does any other species in the Federation or out of it), he'd put too much effort into this to easily ditch it and become somebody a little less uptight.

This is still probably a bit healthier than the path we see for other Klingons (or part-Klingons) raised primarily by humans, such as B'Elanna's approach of simply rejecting everything she perceived as "Klingon" in her personality or Alexander deciding to just randomly sign up on a Klingon ship despite being really *really* underqualified. 

Now, with that said, I can see why Worf and Jadzia would take up with each other, and even why their relationship works on a storytelling level. From Worf's perspective, Jadzia is somebody who can accept him for who he is, both Klingon and Federation. She enjoys Klingon culture on more than a superficial level, and she also appreciates Federation ideals. They have a realistic level of culture clash. I don't know that their relationship would have really lasted all that much longer if she hadn't been killed, but it's not all that uncommon for people to enter a marriage and figure out three or four years down the line that they screwed that one up, should've remained friends. Not every long-term relationship on TV has to really be forever. That's what's really unrealistic.

(Alternatively, they could have continued to try to adapt and make it work, and had they gone that route it probably would have lasted if she hadn't been killed.)

The one thing I find really unrealistic is that despite them both having been married before, neither had the common sense of a gnat. Before getting married, you should discuss all major issues like "what about vacations" and "childrearing practices?" and "budget!" (not sure if this is an issue for starfleet, but I never really believed they have no money) and, oh yeah, "what about the afterlife, are we both going to the same place or what?" 




 Well, it's in the public domain, isn't it? 




 That's a survivorship fallacy if I ever saw one. You look at the few ones we remember decades later and take them as representative. 

Additionally, who's to say that they'll last another few decades? They certainly might - once something has been in print 50 years, it'll probably be in print another 50 - but sometimes things do fall off the cultural radar. For example, although kids today certainly do know about Michael Jackson, do they know about MASH? (Source: Have two young nieces, had to endure months of Michael Jackson worship. They've since moved on to Katy Perry, which isn't really any better.) 




 It's psychosomatic. 




 Has he ever been punched before? 




 "Compensate!"

Uh, yeah, I hadn't thought of that. Good thing we have you to give the orders around here. 




 He gets along great with Janeway too. It's apparently only *Sisko* he can't stand, though I doubt Ben's crying himself to sleep over it. 




 That whole episode fixed on a ridiculous misunderstanding of evolution, but then, does anybody on ST understand evolution ever?

There was the one where Worf's (adopted) brother was trying to save that species and Picard was initially all "can't, prime directive" about it. Yes, I'm sure an uncontaminated culture will be a *huge help* when they're all *dead*! (And any other episode which runs along those lines can equally go rot.) 




 I thought nobody died, they all managed to evacuated in time. Plus, it wasn't made uninhabitable, just uninhabitable *to humans*, meaning that they were able to swap with the Cardassians. In the long run, probably made both colonies safer as they were effectively out of the war, couldn't be invaded. (Well, except by the Jem Hadar, I suppose. Or by some other Federation species that wasn't human. Or by some other species entirely. And I guess there's always the Borg, but you know what I mean.) 




 Boredom. Isn't that always his motivation? 




  I agree with a lot of what you are saying, but remember that the Federation does not equate to Earth and humans only. The Vulcans are part of the Federation. 

As are the Andorians, aren't they? And now the Bajorans. A Vulcan (or Andorian, or Bajoran) colony would be one set up by those governments either pre-Federation (prior to joining the Federation for the Bajorans) or that is limited largely or entirely to those species. (Which sets up an interesting question. Can or will the Federation charter a colony that is set up to be just one species?) 




 In Deep Space Nine, during the baseball episode, we find out that the Captain's Vulcan nemesis heads an all-Vulcan ship. An all-Vulcan ship in Starfleet. In Enterprise and Voyager, viewpoint Vulcans give us an idea of how frustrating it can be to be a Vulcan surrounded by non-Vulcans.

It seems plausible to me that some species, such as humans, are more willing to be part of a mixed crew than others, such as Vulcans. Since humans aren't likely to be interested in watching a show that's 100% non-human, we see the human-dominated ships, with the human captains. There is no guarantee that this is the majority of all captains, though. 

Additionally, as much as it's possible for some species to have an easier time living with others than other species, it seems likely that some are simply more interested in space exploration for its own sake. This can be backed up by looking at the stats. The Vulcans have been flitting around the galaxy since 900 BCE, the Bajorans since the 1600s (at sublight speeds), the Klingons sometime between the 20th and 21st centuries, the Andorians since at least the 20th century. Yet the galaxy is not full up on Vulcan (pre-Federation) and Bajoran and Klingon and Andorian colonies. There are still plenty of worlds for the Federation to site colonies on. 





























 It's not a fish tank, it's a self-contained ecosystem. So long as light goes in to keep the plants growing, it just keeps going indefinitely. 




 The Woman in the Wall 




 Except many people don't have the freedom to live in an area without an HOA, because they need to live in a certain area and all neighborhoods in that area have HOAs. 




 I live on Staten Island. No HOAs. Our sidewalks are maintained, we have playgrounds and parks, garbage and recycling is paid by taxes, the garbage truck picks up large items once a week (Mondays, same day as recycling, Thursday is just for regular trash), we have community yard sales and parties and all organized by the community frequently throughout the summer, and our block has an annual block party.

HOAs are not needed for quality of life. 




 Some of us are lucky enough to live in parts of the country without them. 




 Ooooh, with the Powerpuff Girls? 




 That's the same argument that's been used to bar selling homes to blacks/Jews. 




 Because in some areas, if you want to buy a home, you pretty much are stuck with one under an HOA. And if you already are signed up for a job in that area, you can't just say "screw it, I'll commute in from Maine instead" (or wherever). 




 In some areas, it's pretty much impossible to buy a house that's not under a HOA. Rather than blaming the victims, why not *rein in the HOAs*? 




 Some people with disabilities really can't wait for a toilet. They are incapable of holding it in, or holding it in will give them a huge bladder infection.

If you have a choice, it's better not to use the disabled toilet. You definitely shouldn't use that one if you think you're going to be there a while.  




 Person first language.

Okay, I get the reasoning. Sorta. I think it's really *weird*, but I get the reasoning, and more than that, I understand that a lot of people think it's always the best and most polite way to talk about PWDs. That's what they've been told, that's what they believe.

Me- and I'm not alone in this - I find it stigmatizing. You don't call somebody "A person with Asian-ness" or "A woman who happens to be beautiful" or "A man who has homosexuality". No, that sort of workaround is restricted to disabilities. 

I also think it's weird and insulting that something that is a huge and important part of who I am, more important than my gender (and people can't get through three sentences without labeling you as male or female!), should be treated like it's minor and unimportant in the name of  being "polite".

But because I am polite and have good manners, I'm not going to jump all over people who use person-first language. They mean well.

Now, is it asking so much to want them to show me the same basic respect? If somebody says that they are "an autistic individual" or "a blind dude" or "a Deaf woman" and the very first words out of your mouth are "I think you mean *person with autism*" (or whatever), you are *doing it wrong*. If they had meant that, they would have said that, and you are being *so* rude and disrespectful.

Don't do that. Don't be a jerk. Also: if you know for certain that somebody prefers this usage over that one, try to use that one! But definitely don't "correct" them. 




 Though it's important to remember that many individuals with various disabilities *loathe and detest* person first language. I, for one, find it overly stigmatizing. Nobody speaks in a funny way, after all, when referring to positive or neutral traits. 

It's not God's gift to human discourse. 




 There's a diversity of opinions on the subject, as you might expect.

Two things to consider:

1. It is possible - I don't know this boy (I assume he's a real kid, not a character?) - that what's making his life difficult is not the autism per se but the disabling attitudes of society. (When you hang around with entirely the wrong crowd, phrases like "the disabling attitudes of society" come trippingly on the tongue as easily as "hi, how are you!")

2. The real concern about a cure is not that a cure might be available, but that it might not be *optional* - or that at *best*, it would only be optional *to the parents* and the autistic individual themselves wouldn't get a say, being cured (or not) before they can make their own medical decisions. 




 Kind people, when told "stop doing this", don't whine about it. They just *stop doing it*. 




  I've been told by DOCTORS that I don't "look autistic".

What do they think autism looks like? 




 Interestingly, the majority of main Ferengi cast members were played by Jews. So I guess the stereotyping is okay...? 




 Lawns are convenient places to feed your pet goat. 




 And where you can't hang up a clothesline, like, ever. FFS, HOA's are freaking unAmerican. Whatever happened to freedom? 




 Well, if they'd *scanned* all those books into a database by now, they'd be safe. 




 Not to be all PETA about it, but I bet the boars aren't sobbing. 









 Which is why it's such a silly choice for lawns in arid areas. 














 But also assholes. I mean, Hermione is a spiteful, vindictive *bitch*. What she did to Marietta was really unjust, and the birds? OMG the birds.

Not that she wasn't provoked that time by the fact that Ron was being a jerk, just like he was back in third year. Or fourth year, for that matter. Actually, he had his little moments fifth year as well, as I recall.... 




 McGonnagal had a muggle father. Her mother and all the children being magical caused no end of family strife. She may not have been an unbiased source. 




 Nobody else was with him for ~3,500 consecutive days. 




 Wow. That... actually makes sense. 

I mean, I think it's more likely that Petunia was just a narcissist at heart and that she probably *had* been overlooked and ignored in favor of her sister (familial dysfunction is frequently inherited), but both things can be true. 









 During a drought??? 




 HOAs oughta be outlawed, or at least their powers *severely* limited. 



























































 No, it was called "the orient" because Asia is to the east of Europe, and orient in that sense means east.

At one time it was common for maps to be made with east at the top, one reason that "to orient" means "to find a direction", but that's not relevant. 




 Maybe next time you could use do not link.

http://www.donotlink.com/

Why give them increased visibility and clicks? 




 That man certainly has a bad case of stripes. Luckily, as I learned from the book of the same name, he can cure that condition by being true to himself rather than trying to fit in with the majority or worrying that his preferences will be considered "weird". 




 H. M. Hoover is an underrated author. 




 Nope, NYC. And the first grade teacher was Brooklyn-Italian. The logic was that it counts as a vowel in pairs like aw or ow. 




  
 
 
 
 But if we're arbitrarily categorizing letters, can we at least exclude y from the vowel category? I never really thought of it as a vowel letter anyways. 

You certainly may, but other people aren't likely to go along with it.

Interestingly, when I was in first grade I was explicitly taught "and sometimes y *and w*", which apparently nobody else ever was taught.  












































 There was also that one where they met the evolved dinosaurs that fled Earth.

Okay, theoretically possible... but there's *no way* that the Holodeck could predict the one and only "evolutionary path" for them to have, uh, taken.  




 Here's the thing to remember: The writers weren't/aren't any smarter than you are, and they think the viewer is damn stupid. If it's making your brain hurt, just assume they didn't understand it. 




 Sorry I couldn't save you from that. 




 Beast, Donna Jo Napoli 




 You don't really want to watch it. 




 I'll believe it when I see it. 




 Let's back up. You said, and I quote:

 Ask the majority of English speakers how many vowels English has, and they'll say 5. Just because they never took a linguistics course doesn't mean they're not wrong. 

As near as I can figure, you're saying that the *mainstream definition* - the one used by normal people who aren't speaking in academic or linguistic terms - is *wrong*, and those people who speak casually are simply *wrong*. It's not that they're using a different definition of the word (one that runs "a vowel is a member of the category of letters 'a-e-i-o-u-and-sometimes-y', every syllable has at least one vowel"), they're just wrong.

Which is rather akin to saying "Tomatoes and bell peppers and cucumbers aren't vegetables, they're fruits" and getting pissy when people say that in normal parlance, they're culinary vegetables.

Also, not sure where you're getting "English has 11 vowels" from. Different dialects surely differ. Is this some sort of average, or...? 




 What were you doing, regenerating? 




 I'd watch that. 




 Worf would *have* to be grieving to make jokes that bad. 




 Warp drive is sci-fi handwavium to explain away relativity precisely so nobody has to worry about that sort of thing. 




 Just a major hub. All the Borg get destroyed (more or less) in one of the novels. 




 Wait, wait, wait. You're saying that there is only one correct definition of "vowel", and that's not the one in common parlance?

Where did you get your degree again? 




 Yes. Except in the Mirror Universe, where I think she crowns herself empress...? 




 Well, Seven *and* all the knowledge she brought, but still, she still could've shown up sooner in Seven's human lifetime. 




 I always figured that she got to Earth, sat down, and said "That's it. Nobody's going to EVER drag me off-planet again!" 




 Its not well-enough written to be visionary. To be visionary, it has to be *consistent* and *believable*. The currency situation on Star Trek is neither, even within the episodes from a single series. 




 DS9 didn't have credits, and latinum was used by the Ferengi and other non-Federation (or, at least, non-human) species.

Which sorta works, until you ask "but... uh... how on earth were the humans getting root beer out of Quark?" I mean, they had to have been compensating him somehow!

It may be possible for a complex society such as the Federation to operate without any form of money. It is not possible for the Federation *as written* to do that, no matter how many times they tried to shoehorn "no money in the future!" into the script.

Also, I get that they're post-scarcity, but post-scarcity doesn't mean that everything is available to everybody. If you want to eat at Sisko's Creole Kitchen, and so does everybody else, there has to be some way to determine who gets a seat and who has to wait. Post scarcity means that everybody gets food, but it doesn't mean that everybody gets Syrup of Squill during the shortage. Everybody gets a roof over their heads, but they don't all get 1,000 sq ft of prime waterfront views right in the heart of the most fashionable neighborhood. Everybody gets an education and health care, they don't all get the best teacher and doctor... and there has got to be some way to allocate who gets the most desirable things and who gets the merely functional ones. If they're not using "money" as this system, then they've done a darn poor job of explaining what they ARE using instead. 




 She was playing it cool, secretly taking pics so she could post them later all "The Flash showed up, and I acted like an adult instead of badgering him for his autograph, this is the coolest city ever!!!!" 




  How do you know whats a vowel and a consonant if you ignore the sounds?

"A vowel is the letters a-e-i-o-u-and-sometimes-y"

 I thought that for whatever reason, letters were arbitrarily divided into these categories. 

That is exactly what most people think. 




 But not HIV, chlamydia, syphillis.... 




 I've got a copy of it on my bedside table right now. 




 And what if your daughter gets raped? 




 Because they might be raped.

Because when they get older, they'll probably, at some point, choose to have sex, and it's better to already be vaccinated at that point.

Because why not? 




 A lot of girls just get vaccinated when it's due, not because they made the choice but because their parents did. 




 Heroes of the Valley, Stroud. 




 You do that :)

Though I won't hold it against you if you forget! 




 Highly recommend everybody watch that video, as it's pretty awesome. 




 Bats and dolphins can do that via echolocation. Neither of those species is blind, of course, but they could be and they'd still be able to navigate pretty well. 




 Pretty much. His super power is "not being blind". If anything, his "sight" (echolocation and just generally extremely good hearing, sensitivity to temperature, a terrific sense of smell... I think....) is better than most people's. 




 Oh, good, I was worried I'd entered lecture mode and just annoyed the crap out of you. (I'm working on not doing that.)

And yes, by all means you should go to the doctor you're comfortable with. Besides, taking up space in a clinic if you don't *need* to is unfair to the people who don't have a choice as to which doctor to visit. It's not first world problems, it's... compassion for people who hate waiting!

I have my fingers metaphorically crossed for a good test result.

 So it's hard to push own the thoughts that I'm already unlucky so of course I'll get cancer. 

Well, bad things come in threes. Anxiety attacks are 1, ovarian failure is 2, and losing your insurance a while back after having that jerky ex is definitely 3 - so maybe you're safe :) 




 I know the feeling. It's just looming over you, like Schrodinger's STD. But you know of course that once it's over, at least you'll know. It'll all be hunky-dory, or it won't, but at least you'll *know*.

Ugh on taking a whole day off of work. Maybe a clinic in your area has weekend hours? 




 Exactly which STDs do you think this vaccine prevents OTHER THAN HPV? 




 Well, I suppose so? The elder kiddo got hers done recently, we didn't even say what it was for, just "Look, at 11 you're due for two shots, so let's get 'em done and on the way home we'll grab a doughnut." 




 Sometimes STDs aren't a matter of being responsible, but just of bad luck. What if you get raped, say, or you're in a monogamous long-term relationship but don't realize your partner is cheating on you? 




 Religious conservatives, mostly. They think that if you get your kid a vaccine, or teach them about condoms, then they'll just go out and screw like bunnies. If you keep them utterly ignorant and unprotected, though, they'll stay home and knit. Or something. 




 *hugs*

I know it's scary, but you should go anyway to get checked out at Planned Parenthood or someplace. 




 Don't worry about that. Even Terry Pratchett got that one wrong - and that is *not* something I have cause to say very often. 




 Eobard doesn't consistently have his speed back, making operations based on speed dubious at best, and this is the first rule because moving the body is suspicious behavior. You dig up the body, leaving evidence that *something* was left there. You transport it great distances - even at superspeed, somebody might notice something, and when Barry gets news that "The Flash" was seen somewhere he *knows* he wasn't, he's going to know something's up. 

Trying to hide the evidence carries the risk of leaving more evidence around.  




 That's a fascinating question. On your next watch-through (if you're here, I take it as given that you intend to watch the series a second time!), put on the audio description and find out. Then you can report back if you're so inclined. 




 And for reference for people who have never heard of Robert Moses, let me say this: despite being dead for the past 34 years, there are people who *still* actively curse his name, who spit it out only to state how much they hate him and what he did to the city.

I just headed to /r/nyc and searched up "Robert Moses" and a rough tabulation of comments that are effectively "Fuck him" is enlightening, to say the least. 




 HIS heart? What about OUR hearts?  




 Maybe he wasn't really that guy. 




 It's called a *loveseat*. 




 Turn too many people into zombies, though, and you start running into supply issues. He wants clients, not  a horde. 




 *Really* awful. Continuous time in solitary is roundly condemned as inhumane, and it does terrible things to the mind. Plus, they don't even have any toilets in there, or books, or TV, or ANYthing. There is not even any pretense of rehabilitating them so that the least criminal of them could ever rejoin society. 




 Yes, it seems odd to me that in a show with a female protagonist, we rarely see either of the other two female characters. 




 Okay, the show is wrong. Ring Around the Rosie is NOT based upon the Black Death. That little story didn't show up until some time *after* the first appearance of the song, which itself didn't show up until a couple of hundred years *after* the Black Death - and, as it's an oral tradition, you should be unsurprised by the fact that its first appearance sounded nothing like the most common iteration today. No ashes or falling down.

http://www.snopes.com/language/literary/rosie.asp

http://blogs.loc.gov/folklife/2014/07/ring-around-the-rosie-metafolklore-rhyme-and-reason/ 









 He's certainly getting paid for his show. 




 He was right, though. That video *is* pretty damning. 




 Yeah, how *did* this guy know where Barry lives? 



















