 MSN Messenger. Showing what music you were listening too, having a ludicrous amount of emojis and symbols and getting group chats going and nudging people if they hadn't responded in 30 seconds. I know we can do all this now with Facebook and others and whatnot but it's just not the same. 




 Rosenknospe 




 Die Hard 




 "I know someday you'll have a beautiful life,
I know you'll be a star in somebody else's sky,
But why, why, why can't it be, can't it be mine?"
Black - Pearl Jam



"To shut out feeling lonely; I get out of my head
Lost everything around me
Not dealing with it well
To shut out feeling lonely; I get out of my head
Why would you want to love somebody when love hurts in the end?"
Out of my head - John Newman

Also pretty much all of wicked game 




 There was also the time Ronan broke his hammer whilst smashing Ravenous in the face 
http://i.imgur.com/ing1Clk.jpg 




 Nova vs Annihilus and Thor with 2 Mjolnirs 
http://i.imgur.com/XrHv6tE.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/2FxBHu0.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/G7sKBf6.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/Um9p7rR.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/ZPVoTej.jpg

Edit: me no spell good 




 Cook bacon naked 




 Jesus Christ Marie they're minerals 




 Everyone with a soul is my friend. Nearly everyone else who died during it has come back so we can hope and pray for the return of Nova Prime 




 Think you would really like the whole marvel cosmic run by Abnett and lanning. It starts with annihilation and goes up to the thanos imperative. It features the guardians of the galaxy and that run is the basis of the film apparently, also nova, Quasar, silver surfer and galactus plus more of marvels heavy cosmic hitters. It is excellent. There is a post that has the reading list, I'll try and see if I can find it.

As also mentioned Silver Surfer Requiem is brilliant. Also Thor god of Thunder is absolutely superb, brilliant story and stunning artwork 




 Nova the Richard Rider version because he is the greatest hero of all time and silver surfer for marvel. For DC I would go with Flash and Martian Manhunter 




 In the marvel comics done by Abnett and lanning, the fault is a giant tear in time and space that is caused by the t-bomb set off by Black Bolt who is leading the inhumans and the kree during the war against Vulcan who leads the Shi'ar. This is then what allows the cancerverse into our universe. It also causes the marvel universe to lose it greatest hero. RICH RIDER REPRESENT!!!! 




 Mark I love you and don't actually know what to ask so.....erm..... 

Who's your favourite superhero character? 




 The reveal that you are Revan in Knights of the Old Republic. Still love it to this day 




 Felt completely disconnected from the world, things I loved like sport, my friends, videos games, movies etc didn't matter. Hated myself more than i usually did and felt suicidal, not god I wish I was dead but I went and bought rope and was getting everything ready for when I did it. Told my friend and she pretty much went off on me for keeping it a secret and not telling anyone, told me she would be there for me and help out and convinced me to go to the doctors. Was on tablets for about a year and have been off them for about 5 months now and feel like a new man. Still feel shit somedays but it's a hell of a difference to what I was like. 




 Dad's an alcoholic who used to beat me so never really wanted to continue in his path. Feels great to be judged by people when out though as if someone not drinking is fucking well weird and I'm a compete freak for not partaking. 




 Don't know how to properly link on alien blue but here

http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/crime/9014449/Thieves-dig-100ft-tunnel-to-reach-cash-machine.html

Only know because I'm from Manchester and I had a good laugh about it 




 Not exactly a brilliant caper in regards to money stolen and things like that but I remember a story of a gang digging a massive underground tunnel to steal a cash machine from a blockbuster. They got like ten grand but I loved the planning and prep work that went into it and the fact that nobody got hurt.  




