 Thanks for the tips. You are all awesome. 




 I assumed if they had milkshakes they would be tiny and pricey? True fact? 




 And don't say a fast food place like McDonald's.

I'm craving... 




 Do you think this might rebound in the future? Is it worth holding if you stepped away and came back to see 50% hit? 




 Still in AVEO? Target PPS? 




 In that case we would have this thread all over again.  




 To each their own. I find these movies unwatchable.  




 Yeah, to say he didn't get over the courting of Harbaugh is juvenile and shows he doesn't take responsibility for his portion. 

Not saying Sparano was a great couch, just saying Ross should not have tried to hire a guy for a filled position. 




 Miami has 104, 106, 109 tomorrow. fast and furious.

they got 106 and 109 for their 2nd 3rd round pick. 




 any idea what we got? 




 I think it's coming up
...

shit actually don't know. 




 I love Incognito. I'd like to see him and Rex in the octagon. I'd pay good money for that. 




 I'm drunk, so there's that.

Mayock likes him. 




 Well there's a tackle. I don't know shit about him, but 2nd rounder he must be decent. 




 He's their best player at this point. 




 If Geno Smith or Tebow start you will still have your chance. 









 but they aren't smart...so...starting QB week 1...Jamarcus Russell.

Write it down. 




 eh, not worth the time. 




 seriously, don't help him! 




 that would be as good as a wet dream.

Sanchez, Tebow, Garrard, Smith...let's see what a complete fuckmess they can make this team 




 and I would have deserved it. 




 Mike Mayock looks disgusted on NFL Network :)

Asked about who is started QB week 1 he said "I have no idea what's going on". When a guy that good at what he does says that...it's good to be a Fins fan! 




 First, I hate the fucking Jets. But I'm starting to feel sorry for some of their players, like Geno. Damn they are fucked. Can a team lose 20 games in a year? 




 nuff said. 




 I have a friend who can't seem to get movies on his One. He plugs it into his computer and copy/pastes to the movies folder and then a message comes up that it's "converting". The battery (even though it's plugged in) drains before it finishes (about 2gb mp4).

First, why converting?

Second, the transfer should not take hours.

Anyone else tried to put a movie on? 




 and the jets didn't get better. trade revis for milliner...yeah, not better. 




 What a terrible movie description. 




 we got a deal 




 the giants won superbowls because of great pass rush 




 love it. crush brady. I know everyone wants secondary or OT, but a great pass rush can mask a weak secondary (though i'd say our secondary is slightly improved), and if we're quick to get rid of the ball our offense will be fine.

oh, and fuck the jets. 









 too bad, want to see it. 




 Reload damnit! 




 Factor in the cost of Internet access. With cable you are paying for that access as well, so netflix is a bit more expensive to you than just their fee.  




 Every down vote from a jets fan is a badge of honor. 

Keep 'em coming you low-life fucktards! 




 You heard the man, to the boobs! 




 First post? Check. 
Female? Check. 
Hawk? Check. 

To the front page... 




 Awesome, thank you! Seems likely enough! 









 Amazon Instant Video tops my list.  




 Any one else notice the influx of "church planters" the past 5 years? I have met a few that moved here recently to start churches and neighborhood prayer groups. Literally, that's what they moved here for, with their families, and no jobs...just took whatever job they could get. 

Things like that can end up upsetting a community. Let's hope we stay open.  




 Add me: Endif

I've played survival in the past, mostly scavange now. Play mostly at 9pm eastern.  




 Figures ...

I appreciate the info though, probably saved me some cash. 
 




 I have not tried that (wasn't slow from the "get-go"). Have you found that to be helpful? 




 The Nexus 10 is more than twice as much ($250 vs. $560 for the 32gb). Otherwise I'd make the jump. I'd like something more affordable with a great screen that won't shit the bed in a few months like the first Asus Transformer (still works but is just about as slow as you can get). 




 It seems like this is a great tablet from the specs, the only shortcoming being the 8gb of storage, though it accepts microsd cards for more.

I'm looking for a tablet with a great display for primarily watching movies, and I want access to the Play store (hence not the Kindle), though I will likely only install a few apps. Is there something I'm missing with this one? Seems super cheap.

Stats from Amazon and link for reference:
- Super HD definition with up to 2048 x 1536 pixels resolution
- 9.7" capacitive 10x multitouch capacitive IPS display
- Google certified with full access to the Google Play Store and its 700.000 apps to download
- Aluminium back casing
    Front and back cameras with autofocus mode (2   5 MP)

http://www.amazon.com/Archos-Titanium-Tablet-Android-Storage/dp/B00B0C8UOU/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1364297943 sr=8-1 keywords=archos+97+titanium+hd 




 the 3d makes this messed up. 




 Nope, false alarm.  




 I need to give it time...let it sink in.  




 They will be so bad they find a way to go 0-20 




 When he fucks Giselle he thinks about Wes. You know it's true.  




 Yeah, he'll really help the Pats for 8 games next year.  




 Thanks for the context. Love Philbin so far! 




 I'm lost. What is this in reference to?  




 Overthrowing isn't always the quarterback's fault. I've seen plenty of passes by Big Ben where he just heaved the ball and Wallace just ran to get it. 

The Dolphins didn't have a guy who could do that before.  




 Agreed. That's the worst ting about the movies subreddit.  




 The answer is 'no'. 

It's what everyone wants but will never be provided. Oh the ability to just buy a movie and watch it on any device and without an Internet connection! What a dream!

This is why people still download illegally. It is literally easier to steal the content than to pay for it. Major content providers may never learn.  




 Nice, thanks! 




 Anyone have links to videos of "pros" playing Scavange? In games I occasionally hear people talk about them but have yet to find any online.  




 Have you tried changing your aliases? 




 Acting sure doesn't look like much fun anymore.  




 Smoke. 

Weapon. 

Flying debris. 

Yep, poster for action flick! 




 I did this. I'm ashamed of myself now :( 




 All Star Wars. 

All Lord of the Rings. 

All Kill Bill. 

Bring on the down votes.  




 This.  




 Came to see the girlfriend. Was not disappoint.  




 That list is laughable. Don't quit your day job! 




 I've been reading comments, and it's interesting to read other perspectives. 

I admit I could be wrong (time will tell) but I don't see the pistol as a fad. I never thought the wildcat would last, and it hasn't, but the pistol is a much different threat and harder to defend. With the pistol you actually have someone who can throw the ball involved, rather than a Ronnie Brown who didn't offer much threat there. 

If I were to select an offense, I wouldn't utilize the pistol much for the same reason others said, injuries. RG3 is amazing, but I think his career will be limited by injuries. Wilson and Kaper might hold up better though. 

We'll see! 




 Sure, not exactly their offense but it sure has helped other teams (WAS, SEA, SF). Does Tanney have what it takes?  




 49ers because for some reason Ray Lewis gets an absolute free pass for possibly murdering someone. He's talked about like a god and no commentators bring this up. He can choke on a dick. 

Fuck the Jets.  




 Looks like nothing but black screen.  




 I have that same calendar. I hate to say it, but that calendar reinforced to me how depleted our roster is (I blame Parcells). 

Also, why the hell is Vontae Davis in the calendar when he left before September? They didn't keep track of trades before the season! 




 It's photos like this that make me feel we have totally lost our minds.  




 "If you find pussy for less anywhere else...fuck it."

For my pimp interview.  




 Curious about this too, especially since it's also a Kubrick film. 




 And ours played better this year.  




 10 million?  He's shooting high as a negotiation tactic. Like the guy, but he just isn't worth it.  




 And cover the shit with pennies.  




