 Completely agree on the first point. In fact, the main motivating factor of my main character is simply the pursuit of knowledge and the general fascination/love of magic. 

And I think the idea of tying magic   history together is always fascinating (ie alternative histories), but in this particular story the knowledge that magic exists is not widely known.  




 It's not commonplace (since it's not common knowledge that there is magic). But essentially you can choose to learn fire magic if you want to, but may never really be good at it. Just like everyone can probably learn to play piano (to varying degrees, depending on the amount of time spent on learning and practicing) but not every person is going to be naturally gifted at it such as Mozart or Beethoven.  




 This is a very good point. Perhaps it would make sense for magically inclined people to be naturally targeted by a certain group of other magicians so that they would need to learn some magic to at least defend themselves.   




 Yeah I think that works in your case when the type of magic is something specific, but in my world - it's really up to the person. There are all sorts of magic, ranging from alchemy to pyromancy to evocation, etc etc. You may have more skill for particular type of magic than others, but you can theoretically try to do whatever you want. 

The issue then becomes, why would someone want to master fire magic for example? It has very few regular world uses and sure you can have one or two pyromancers who are firefighters or stage magicians but what about the general masses of pyromancers? Why would they even want to bother with something that really is just a cool trick (assuming they are the average Joe and NOT running around to defeat evil magicians or spirits).  




 Hey guys, 

Having a little trouble here and was hoping to brainstorm and bounce some ideas off of the community. 

So it's easy enough to create motivations for specific main or supporting characters (it can be something very specific, such as revenge for murdered friend or power through obtain some magical artifact or capturing a specific spirit/demon, etc) but what about the motivations or goals of the rest of the general magical community at large (in an urban fantasy setting)?  

Here are some examples of general motivations I've come up with:
 
* They want to keep the magical community a secret (or not). 
* They want to keep the bad guys/forces/spirits at bay. 
* They want to influence the human/magical government and policies. 
* They have family tradition/responsibilities to uphold. 
* They use it to make their regular lives/jobs easier. 
* They want to keep magic around (like a dying language or something). 

But even still, the problem is what does the average magician Joe want with his magic in life? He's not particularly powerful, he's not power hungry, he's not into politics, and he doesn't really have some sort of old family duty to keep some evil spirit in line. Why does he practice magic and what role does his magic play in his life? To take it even further, our average magician Joe has a rather impractical ability such as pyromancy - how the hell does he use this in his regular life and why would he even want/keep this ability? 

Any discussion or suggestions are greatly appreciated! 
 




 I love the album this song is on (The Classics). I wish more of their other stuff was jazzy like this. 




 I've found myself a little burned out from my novel writing lately so I've been switching it up with some flash fiction and short stories. It's been a great help for meeting the weekly word count. Give it a try if you're struggling.  




 As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 The word count's just going up and up - keep writing everyone! 

As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 EDIT: Will not be there this week.  




 I think it's a little bit of both. The first episode is more quiet and serious in tone as well and I think that it suits Capaldi's older and more reserved doctor.  




 Yup - these are the two I would pick. 

Teleportation - for instant travel to places on the other side of the world. 
Persuasion - works pretty much the same as mind control, but costs way less. 




 Sigh... I literally bought this game 2 weeks ago for $26.  




 Thanks - but it was so sad to see her go. I think she was best supporting member of the investigation squad.  




 This the snub I'm most pissed about. Brooklyn Nine-Nine was easily my favorite comedy this past season. Plus it won the GGs! It's almost like a slap to the face.  




 Exactly - I was fully expecting Cranston to win and would have accepted Hamm finally getting his recognition. Instead we get some left field Jeff Daniels win. A definite WTF moment.  




 I'm baffled that it was left off the nom list. It was easily my favorite comedy last year. It seems like a slap in the face to the show especially since it just won the Golden Globe for both best comedy and best comedy lead.  




 Basically because HBO wanted to win a Best Drama/Leads awards instead of Best Mini-Series awards. I don't think they should have allowed it as they replaced deserving candidates who are rightfully in the regular categories. True Detective is a Mini-Series.  




 Yeah... seeing her name next to the likes of Julianna Margulies is just so LOL-worthy.  




 Evidently... I'm still pissed that he won last year somehow. That slot could have gone to someone more deserving.  




 Newsroom was incredibly mediocre... I'm not even sure how he won last year to be honest. By giving Jeff Daniels a slot, they robbed more deserving candidates like Mads Mikkelsen for Hannibal, Matthew Rhys for The Americas or James Spader for The Blacklist. It's a complete shame. Also, True Detective submitting for Drama instead of Mini-series also crowds out the categories. (Which for the record, I really don't agree with... especially with Fargo submitting for Mini-Series).  




 Definitely agree... they should have kicked Downton Abbey off in favor of Hannibal, The Good Wife, or The Americans. The Best Drama category was so crowded already this year, especially with True Detective submitting for Best Drama as well. This slot totally should have gone to a more deserving show. :(  




 No Brooklyn Nine-Nine, no Hannibal, no The Good Wife, and no The Americans? BOOO :( 

 




 Just any other suggestions would help - I'm not sure either.  




 Foundation's a good spot though beware they only carry American whiskeys. There's also C Grace and Fox's in Raleigh. And in Chapel Hill, there's the Crunkleton.  




 Hey guys can you believe we're already half done with our writing challenge?! Feel free to give a status update below on your total running word count! Keep on writing everyone - only half a year more! 

 




 My friend lent me an older SanDisk memory to use for a bit when I initially bought a camera (and was still waiting on mine to come in the mail). After messing around for a couple of days, I go to remove the pics using my computer and got the "this memory card maybe damaged error". I noticed the gold metal part of the memory card has some marks on it (from wear, no dents or bends). 

Wondering if anyone has any ideas on how I could try recover the data. For the record, it doesn't work anymore in the camera either and I've tried using an usb to the computer as well instead of directly inserting it. I've also tried using a data recovery program (Disk Drill) with no luck either. I've pretty much given up the data as lost but there's a couple of pics on it that I'd like to save if possible - wondering if anyone else had any ideas. Thanks! 




 I'll be there this week.  




 Agree - the uppity attitude I got there was completely unnecessary and made me feel unwelcome.  




 I love that Kroger on the corner of Maynard and High House. Great prices, great selection, fresh produce and great manager's specials as well.  




 It's a long weekend for most in the US so it's a good time to be productive! 

As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Edit: I won't be making it this week.  




 I'm interested in the Petticoat Alley sundress, Pink chiffon sundress, and French connection dress. I actually love about 75% of what you have here but you're about 1 size bigger than me and some stuff I know won't fit. :( :( That being said, what is your waist measurement? (I'm a little worried that this won't fit properly - I know I would be swimming in an f21 or xhileration medium for example.) Also, what is shipping to 27560? Thanks!!   




 Just keep going! I've definitely had weeks of little progress myself.  




 We're creeping up on half a year of writing! Woo! 

As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Looks good - I'll go check it out!  




 Grand Asia's the one in Cary - I'll go take a look around. Thanks!  




 Any recommendations for local places to buy tea? Specifically I'm interested in black and green teas. 

Edit: Thanks for all the suggestions!  




 Ditto what /u/jmpaviec says.  




 Ditto on what /u/Chrischievous said below - it's a really nice facility and the mats really make a huge difference. It's got a decent crowd most of the time, but not busy enough to have a wait most of the time.  




 Cool, I'm pretty free this week. How's Tues or Wed or Thurs? I would prefer to do right after work - say like 5 PM. The drop in fee is $8 and the monthly pass is $49 (special pricing).  




 Are you affiliated with either of the Duke clubs or do you just show up and find people to play with? I'm actually a Duke alum. If you guys have some sort of set play schedule I'd be interested in meeting you guys at some point.  




 Hey guys, I've been trying to get back into playing badminton recently - wondering if there was anyone else interested in playing? There's a new badminton place that opened up near the airport (called Badminton NC) which has pretty nice courts I got a month pass to. I used to play a little back in the day and I would say I'm an advanced beginner or low intermediate skill level.  




 I tried the Black Knight today when I was at the place and seemed fine to me. I might go for the Nanoray 10 since it's very similar and it's only like $10 more. They were supposed to have one for demo but they were all sold out.  




 I've recently gotten back into playing badminton and I'm looking to buy a racket. I used to play on my high school team way back in the day, but I'm probably an advanced beginner or low intermediate skill level and an all round player. I'm not looking to play competitively and just want something that will be decent enough. I just looked for something that will suite my skill level and maybe allow a little room for improvement. 

Ideally would like to keep it within $70-80 tops, but I'm willing to look at anything in a $50-$100 range. I was looking at the Nanoray 10 and Arcsaber 002 online just because Yonex is what I'm most familiar with and I used to have a Carbonex (before it broke). When I went to the badminton place today, the guy there recommended the Black Knight Impluse 739 which he said was a great value for the price. What do you guys think? I'll also take other recommendations as well. 




 I'll be watching the US-Portugal match with friends so I'll see you guys next week.  




 Favorite Dramas:

1. Breaking Bad
2. The Wire
3. The Shield 
4. Hannibal 
5. True Detective 

Favorite Comedies:

1. Archer
2. Brooklyn Nine Nine
3. Modern Family 
4. Louie
5. Community 

Honorable Mention:

* Justified 
* House of Cards 
* Fargo
* 30 Rock 




 Hope everyone is still going strong! We are approaching half a year! If you find yourself having a little trouble meeting the words I would recommend setting a deadline, such as showing x number of pages of your writing to a close friend or relative. Give them a specific number so that you can force yourself to get to this number in the interim.  




 As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 The trailer makes it look super intense and action packed when the premise is totally wtf really?  




 Any chance you want to share your script? I'd be interested in reading it.  




 Yup exactly.  




 Probably not - though I would say you could always read up through book 3 though.  




 You put it perfectly. 

Some of it was impactful as it should have been. Some characters died who are not dead (which leads me to believe that since GRRM has told the producers major plot points that I need to stop watching GOT or I'll be reverse spoiling the books for myself). 

* Tyrion killing Shae   Tywin - not as impactful due to omission of his first wife backstory in the show 
* Tyrion and Jaime are still on good terms - what is this future impact? 
* Jojen dies - is this a reverse book spoiler? 
* Gregore Clegane - minor reverse book spoiler  




 Especially since it's exactly how book 3 is closed out and I remember almost shitting myself when I originally read it.  




 It's such a missed opportunity for a total WTF cliffhanger moment (just like it is in the books). :(  




 I was like maybe they'll have a post credits scene... too many Marvel movies for me apparently. :/ I really thought they missed a great opportunity there - unless they can somehow end the next season on that scene.  




 Agreed - that's all I could think about the entire time. 




 Awesome! Let the poopage commence!
 




 Awesome - FYI we've got 6 currently so bring some games that will play that many or 3/3.  




 That might a good solution. Unfortunately I don't have a dual band router but I'll definitely keep this in mind.  




 Yeah but I essentially can't use internet unless I reset the router and a lot of times when it happens it'll happen again after 15 mins or so. I can't continuously reset the router as a good solution.  




 I'm casting via videostream and technically it kills the wifi in the entire house as my phone didn't connect either the last time it did that.  




 Welp we definitely have enough now.  




 5 PM
 




 Good point - will add this to the topic.  




 I've noticed that sometimes while casting, the chromecast kills my laptop's wifi connection. My laptop will show that I'm connect to the internet with full bars of signal strength but websites won't load or anything. The only way to fix this is to manually reset my router. Does anyone know why this is happening or have a fix?  




 I'll be hosting this week as a bunch of people are out of town. As usual, discuss what games and food you are bringing. 

If you're new - PM me for the address. 

EDIT: It's on!  




 Getting harder to the goals during the busy summer months for work... but I'm still chugging along.  




 As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Awesome - will keep an eye out for that.  




 My CPU is definitely not maxed out, but I'll try to do a wifi frequency scan on my neighbors tonight. I don't think this is an issue because my router is located 10 feet directly below where my laptop usually sits.  




 I tested while computer was hardwired to internet - same issues. Any other ideas?  




 What kind of sander did you use?  




 Not defending the script or anything as it literally is a giant turd, BUT I read somewhere that in the original shooting script Anakin had a couple of reasons why he joined the dark side of the force and that one of the reasons was that he genuinely believe the Jedi were going to try and seize control. They did some reshoots after the movie was completed to change his reasoning to only wanting to save Padme and I assume that line is just left over from the original script and they just didn't really think much of it. 
 




 I'll be there too!  




 Love it! 




 I taught in a Chinese middle school for 3 months during a summer while I was in college for a volunteer program. This is completely accurate example of what a school lunch in China looks like (even down to the metal plates. I usually had white rice or stir fry noodles in that large section and then you had the choice of three sides (and there were usually about 6 or so to choose from - ranging from beef to pork to chicken to various veggie dishes). That smaller round hole in upper left corner is usually for a drink, which at my school was hot or cold soy milk.  




 My favorite to go Chinese dish. I still request my parents make it every time I visit them and they always make fun of me since it's such a simple dish.  




 Lol ops - fixed.  




 Sorry for the slight delay this week, but as usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays.

 




 Hey guys I bought a chromecast recently and have been using videostream to cast local files. When it works, it's awesome, but I've been having some issues I was hoping you could help me with. I'm on a mac also so a lot of what has been mentioned hasn't helped. 

- Never finds the chromecast when I initially launch. I must type chrome://restart to have videostream find my chromecast even though other tabs/youtube/etc all cast perfectly fine without having me to do this. 
- Stutters like crazy when I try to play large mkv format files (720-1080p). Playing standard quality mp4s have never been an issue, but anything HD seems to stop and go to the point where it's unwatchable. Videos are encoded x264 - is this the issue? H264 encoded vids do not seem to be better.

Also, I have a 2 year old macbook pro (intel core i7 processor) and my internet is 4MB down/.5MB up. My video stuttering is checked to "yes". 

Anyone have any ideas as to what can help?  




 Week 20! Hope everyone is still chugging onwards. 

Use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 









 Hi guys - I'm currently looking for a cool roomie to share my house. 

I have one room available for rent in a spacious 4 bedroom house (2500 sq ft).  You will be sharing the house with myself (female) as well as two males. We are all young professionals working in the RTP area (two at Cisco). Rent will be $550/month and we will split utilities and cable/internet, but if you would prefer a flat monthly rate we can work that out as well. The bathroom will be shared with two people but everyone is pretty clean and neat. There are a couple of large commons spaces and there is lots of extra room for storage in garage and there is a bonus room as well. 

About me:
 
* I'm a big foodie (eating, cooking, you name it)  
* I love books, tv shows   movies!
* I'm a gamer! 
* Going out and meeting new people (and having fruity girly drinks) 
* I love traveling!

A little more about the house: 

* The house is located right off of Davis Dr. and Morrisville Carpenter Rd
* Super convenient to I-40 (20 mins to downtown Durham or Raleigh!) 
* Bright and cheery inside the house (lots of natural light and space!) 
* Great oversized deck in the back that's perfect for grilling   entertaining! 
* Recently renovated kitchen!! Brand NEW stainless steel appliances and tile! 

If any of that sounded like your cup of tea - shoot me an PM! Pictures of the house and room can be provided on request. Also, feel free to PM me with any questions! :)  




 Use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 So I got a Chromecast way back when it first came out but wasn't too impressed with it's ability to play local HD video files (stutter, low quality stream, and lack of certain video/audio support) so I gave that one to my parents. 

A friend recently told me about the Chromecast + Plex solution that's available now for streaming local files so I'm thinking about buying another one (especially since they're on sale right now). 

My question for you guys is this: how is your experience with the HD playback with Chromecast + Plex? My up/down is 40Mpbs/5Mpbs and I would be running plex off of a 4 year old computer that is i5 dual processor and 4 GB of ram. The majority (~80%) of my files are 10-30GB mkvs, but I also have some smaller mp4s as well.  




 Use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Hey hope everyone is still writing!  

Use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Sorry for the slight delay this week. 

Use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 I love the style of this necklace: http://www.anntaylor.com/pearlized-crystal-statement-necklace/613041?colorExplode=false skuId=16188570 catid=cata000021 productPageType=fullPriceProducts defaultColor=3019 CID=aff_7078679 but I really don't like that price. Anyone seen anything similar for cheaper elsewhere? 

EDIT: It's currently 50% off!! 




 Hey everyone, use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Hey everyone, use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Hi guys - I'm currently looking for a cool and chill roomie to share my house. 

EDIT: Room is still available. I will delete this post once it's taken.

I have one room available for rent in a spacious 4 bedroom house (2500 sq ft).  You will be sharing the house with myself (female) as well as two males. We are all young professionals working in the RTP area (two at Cisco). Rent will be $550/month and we will split utilities and cable/internet, but if you would prefer a flat monthly rate we can work that out as well. The bathroom will be shared with two people but everyone is pretty clean and neat. There are a couple of large commons spaces and there is lots of extra room for storage in garage and there is a bonus room as well. 

About me:
 
* I'm a big foodie (eating, cooking, you name it) - down for cooking feasts or exploring new restaurants! 
* I love books, tv shows   movies! (I love tv marathons and movie nights) 
* I'm a gamer! (But it's OK if you don't!) 
* Going out and meeting new people (and having fruity girly drinks) 

A little more about the house: 

* The house is located right off of Davis Dr. and Morrisville Carpenter Rd
* Super convenient to I-40 (20 mins to downtown Durham or Raleigh!) 
* Bright and cheery inside the house (lots of natural light and space!) 
* Great oversized deck in the back that's perfect for grilling   entertaining! 
* Recently renovated kitchen!! Brand NEW stainless steel appliances and tile! 

If any of that sounded like your cup of tea - shoot me an PM! Pictures of the house and room can be provided on request. Also, feel free to PM me with any questions! :)  




 I'm finally back stateside so updates will be more on schedule now. (Also, I can resume writing normalcy.) 

As usual use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Sorry for the slight delay in putting this up - I've been out of the country for the last weeks and will be for another week. 

As usual use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are far ahead but want to keep on pace with the rest of the community, see the sidebar. The new week will start on Tuesdays.

 




 Please use this thread to update everyone on your weekly writing progress! Also, feel free to also post your writing or snippets of your writing here. Any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required!
Consider using the additional rule on the sidebar if you are far ahead but want to keep on pace with the rest of the community. The new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Hey guys, I'm going to be in Tokyo for one week starting next Monday - if I get the itching need to watch a college basketball game - is there a good place to go for that sort of thing? 

Thanks!  




 Hey guys, thought it would be good to have a thread this week for people to post snippets or excerpts from what they've been working on for the past 10 weeks. No pressure, but even a small snippet would be great! Everyone else, please critique and provide helpful comments! :)  




 Sorry for the slight delay - things have been pretty hectic for me. (I'm about to leave on a 3 week vacation.) 

But without ado, please use this thread to update everyone on your weekly writing progress! Also, feel free to also post your writing or snippets of your writing here. Any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required!

Consider using the additional rule on the sidebar if you are far ahead but want to keep on pace with the rest of the community. The new week will start on Tuesdays. 









 As always, use this thread to update everyone on your weekly writing progress! Also, feel free to also post your writing or snippets of your writing here. Any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required!

Consider using the additional rule on the sidebar if you are far ahead but want to keep on pace with the rest of the community. The new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Hey guys, this Sunday's board gaming will hosted at my place in Morrisville. PM me for the address if you need it. 

As usual, use this thread to discuss games for this Sunday and food/drinks you are bringing. 




 Woo! Two months down!! Keep writing everyone! 

As always, use this thread to update everyone on your weekly writing progress! Also, feel free to also post your writing or snippets of your writing here. Any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required!

Consider using the additional rule on the sidebar if you are far ahead but want to keep on pace with the rest of the community. The new week will start on Tuesdays. 














 In light of unfortunate recent events, I will be hosting this Sunday's board game at my place in Morrisville. Please PM me directly for my address if you don't have it and **please DO NOT give it out.** 

As usual, use this thread to discuss games for this Sunday and food/drinks you are bringing.

/u/Bio-ScienceGuy if you're coming, let me know what your fav food is and I'll make it.  









 As always, use this thread to update everyone on your weekly writing progress! Also, feel free to also post your writing or snippets of your writing here. Any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required!

Consider using the additional rule on the sidebar if you are far ahead but want to keep on pace with the rest of the community. The new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 As always, use this thread to update everyone on your weekly writing progress! Also, feel free to also post your writing or snippets of your writing here. Any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required!

Consider using the additional rule on the sidebar if you are far ahead but want to keep on pace with the rest of the community. The new week will start on Tuesdays. 



















 As always, use this thread to update everyone on your weekly writing progress! Also, feel free to also post your writing or snippets of your writing here. Any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required!

Consider using the additional rule on the sidebar if you are far ahead but want to keep on pace with the rest of the community. The new week will start on Tuesdays. 




 Hey guys, what's the best place (preferably near Morrisville-Cary or Durham near Southpoint) that sells bulk spices (ie spices by the ounce) for cheap and has a good selection? 

Thanks! 

EDIT: Thanks for all the great suggestions!   














 As always, use this thread to update everyone on your weekly writing progress! Also, feel free to also post your writing or snippets of your writing here. Any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required!  

Consider using the additional rule on the sidebar if you are far ahead but want to keep on pace with the rest of the community. The new week will start on Tuesdays.

 




 I have a pretty old car so just the the most basic kind will work. 









 Can you believe it's week 3 already? 

As alway, use this thread to update everyone on your weekly writing progress! Also, feel free to also post your writing or snippets of your writing here. Any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required!

Consider using the additional rule on the sidebar if you are far ahead but want to keep on pace with the rest of the community. 














 Hey guys - ready for week 2? 

For future reference, each writing week will "end" on Monday night and start up Tuesday morning. This way you have the entire weekend to write accordingly, but you also have Monday as a catch up day if you were busy during the weekend. 

As alway, use this thread to update everyone on your weekly writing progress! Also, feel free to also post your writing or snippets of your writing here. Any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! 

Consider using the additional rule on the sidebar if you are far ahead but want to keep on pace with the rest of the community.  




