 How do they do it? About 90% of adults I know obviously have no idea what they're doing and the other 10% either have it somewhat figured out or are really good at pretending.  




 Huh.. I'm going to try that 




 I'm nearly 26, still not sure what I'm doing.  




 Bored 




 Power of having everyone like me and give me excellent job opportunities.  




 All of the above, gods full of rage and hates many things.  




 That anyone is actually good at being an adult. 

Edit: gold? What? Thank you 




 10th. I've heard stories of how he's said similar things to other students, and people have complained but he's still teaching. 

Edit to add story: one girl, about 15 years old, asked him what subjects she needed to do do become a nurse, he told her to just do easy subjects because "let's face it, you're not bright enough to be a nurse" 

She's currently in uni studying to be a nurse    




 I hate being to hot to sleep, or even think.  




 Yep, just need time and patience.  




 I don't have one

Except, boyfriend 




 Summer time. Please, take it away.  




 As a student with adhd and depression things were generally a struggle. 

I was falling behind in one subject, but one weekend I was determined not to fail and spent all my energy working on and finishing two assignments. It was hard, but I did it and I was really proud of myself. I handed the assignments up on the Monday. 

 After a week or so, I hadn't got any response from the teacher so I asked him if he'd marked them yet. He said:

"I haven't looked, I'm not wasting my time because I don't know if it's worth it" 

Crushing. It's been 10 years since he said that and it still brings me to tears.  




 Same here, I'm nearly 26 but not ready yet.  




 I dream of running away, building a cabin and setting up a vegetable patch. But that's an unrealistic, useless dream. 
So I just keep trying, failing, trying, failing etc 




 I'm so sorry, it's a constant fear of mine that by boyfriend will do the same to me. 

Depression sucks, and is so misunderstood, or not understood at all and people without it can be incredibly insensitive. 

I hope you will get over her soon and find someone much much better in the future. 
 




 I currently feel exactly the same, it's awful. And my boyfriend says stupid unhelpful things like "you just need to do it, it's not that hard" "you're better than this, just get started" "it's really very simple" 

I get more depressed thinking that I will constantly fail, and that I'm just not meant for this world, or this world isn't mean for me... 

If you discover a miraculous cure, please share! 
 




 Freezing their tits off? 




 The dogs photo! It looked so innocent. 
 




 If they used that power to do bad, then it would be rational, and yes, some do intentionally do very bad things, but the majority are good, and use their power to help people, they shouldn't be feared because of a few bad people. 

And not all medical professionals have powers to make life or death decisions, and the ones that do have strict laws controlling them. They are highly educated people who's priority is to maintain life in a way that is best for the patient.  




 I'm sorry you're going through this, and I can't help. 

Maybe try a different doctor, some are insensitive, some are really good, I learned this though experience, it took me about 5 doctors until I found one that actually cared about me. You might be able to ask others from your area (online?) if they can recommend someone really good for you to see. 

Medical professionals aren't anything to be scared of, they really can help. please try everything, don't give up. 

 




 I'm not an expert, and I obviously don't know your story, but are those fears irrational or valid? have you spoken to a medical professional about it? or sought any other form of outside help?
Suicide is not your only option.

Please seek professional help, you shouldn't have to live in fear and you shouldn't have to think that killing yourself is the only way to fix it. 

I hope you will be ok.  




 I will remember reading it. 
 




 a grand total of four, and I hope to keep it that way. 
I am not unhappy with my number, but not happy either. I love my boyfriend and wish I had 'saved myself' for him because the three guys before him were not really great people. But eh... mistakes happen.  




 And we're always here if you have questions. mostly...I guess. ..yeah 




 In South Australia hand raised kangaroos can not be released into the wild and males must be desexed. I dont know the laws in the other states.

They are loving animals, and make great companions but not great pets, they have poor immune systems and can die suddenly without presenting any signs of illness, so it can be difficult to treat them for illnesses, they cause a lot of heartbreak, my friends who care for kangaroos probably lose two to everyone one that lives, it doesnt get easier, it's awful every time. They also bite (HARD) a lot, and kick and can't be toilet trained or anything, and need a lot of space.  




 I would say, read through this subreddit, read the comments, check the most popular posts etc. 

You can probably learn a lot that way. 

Maybe also check out some Australian tv shows, movies or books. I cant think of anything right now because I'm tired, but I'm sure google can help.  




 is there a website for it? It looks amazing.  




 cotton eye joe now stuck in my head. thanks a lot!  




 can you link it to Australia too? cheers 




 I learned way more gory/depressing/horrible facts I  from watching/ reading Horrible Histories as an adult (It's may favourite show) than I did from history lessons at school.

As an Australian, I never learned much about the way aborigines were treated after European settlement until I started university. At school it was all "they do dot paintings and use boomerangs". In uni I learned about the massacres, raping, stolen generations, them being classed as fauna, so many horrors. 

 




 I need one of those little wrinkles. or big ones. I dont mind, so cute! 




 She shouldn't have to act on them if he really cared about her and their relationship. But either he isn't taking her seriously or just doesn't care enough to listen to and follow the terms of the ultimatums, which I don't think can make for a healthy relationship. 

OP, don't feel guilty for putting yourself first.  




 I get vouchers regularly for grocery shops! Excellent 




 The one where Bruce Willis (?) Plays a taxi driver and there are aliens and he saves the world in some stupid way. Stupid movie.  




 Today I have been thinking a lot about how my life sucks...

But something like this puts it into perspective. To live in fear of and be murdered by your own family... I can't imagine the horror.  




 if you've already given him a couple of ultimatums and he still hasn't realised your serious, then he probably wont ever. 

You need to do what is best for you.  




 Snow White and the Seven dwarves came through my bedroom window and used magic to freeze me and take away my voice. 

I had that dream when I was about 5, so 20 years ago.  Still remember it super clearly and maybe a part of me is convinced it was actually aliens,  it seemed so real.   




 Not too extreme. Homes have been lost,  and countless innocent animals,  it's lucky we have excellent warning systems and hopefully all people stay safe and alive.  

Starting a fire during this weather means a person is either an unbelievable idiot or evil (or both). The world can do without those people.   




 Its horrible,  they get one fire out only to have a bunch more start up. Can't imagine the stress for those directly affected.  




 Hoping no lives are lost in this fire.  




 Its gone for a swim 




 It is a good plan,  maybe it needs more time to prove effective.   




 Thanks, I'm following that now.   




 I'm in hope valley, so not in immediate danger from what I can tell. Not stopping me from freaking out though.  

Edit: the cfs say they expect a wind change,  do you (or anyone) know what that means,  will it push the fire towards the suburbs or back onto itself or something?   




 You too.  




 I'm not in the grey area.  :/  




 Can definitely smell the smoke now.  Be safe everyone.   




 Me either,  keep refreshing the cfs website and Facebook for updates. I know a few people who have received cfs alert messages telling them to take shelter. It's so scary and real.   




 I don't smell smoke or see any thing... its about 10-15 km away from the Anstey hill area I think but I don't know what that means a far as a fire is concerned. 




 37 is the cool change after a heat wave. 
 




 Does any one know the chance of it getting near Anstey Hill?  It's not too windy,  but still hot out and I'm scared.

Firefighters though. .. Brilliant People.  1:30 am and they're out there saving lives and land. 


Also, the middle picture is beautiful,  in a terrifying way.   




 I hate that summer makes me hate jackets, jumpers, blankets and other cosy things.  Because I want to love those things.   




 Hope you find him,  maybe post on the fauna rescue of south Australia Facebook group, they might be called if someone finds him 









 Works well, but then you realise that the sharp stinging pain in your nostrils is being caused by the swelling of the tampon as it absorbs more and more blood, threatening to spilt open your nostril.  
But then at least your have a tampon to soak up that blood...  




 Do you have a favourite?  




 Its illegal to feed meat to pigs in Australia 




 thanks! 
that's a lot of info, I don't understand much of it, but I will do some research based on what you've told me. and I'm currently downloading Stellarium, which looks pretty neat and might keep me up all night. 

I've edited my original post to include some photos. 

As I'm new to telescope use, honestly, just looking at the moon is exciting, but knowing there is so much more to see... I want to be able to see it. 

I'd happily save up to buy a new telescope, but because this one was my papas, I want to be able to use it but make it better.  




 My grandfather was a keen amateur astronomer, and owned a few telescopes, he passed a few years ago but only recently has one of his telescopes been found (no idea where the others are/ if they still work)

I know absolutely nothing about telescopes, but am interested in astronomy. 
the label on the telescope reads:

 Denkar Astronomical Reflection Telescope

D- 3" F=600mm 

coated optics

and the bit you look through says "H 20mm"

what does this all mean? I set it up last night and got a good look at the moon, but viewing stars/ planets etc is no better than with a naked eye. 

Are they any ways to increase its power? additional thingys or whatsits? 

Or would it be cheaper to just go out and buy a whole new telescope to get better viewing? 

thank you 


Edit: http://imgur.com/EHVlanD  http://imgur.com/DC9ltaW  http://imgur.com/NB6vPMy
Sorry for the not so great quality. 




 yep, same kangaroo, that guy is pretty tall too, apparently, but I have no idea of their heights. 
 




 They kick hard, your intenstines would fall out your back.  




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHOncpF5dQI here he is trying. 




 I don't get why this view is so controversial, when it's obviously true. 




 The females are. They're smaller, gentler, have the pouches full of adorable babies. ..


The males are mostly docile unless threatened. I bet Roger up there would rather nap than punch someone in the teeth. 
 




 Not geniuses but not stupid either.  

 




 Bring frightened and confused by vehicles doesn't equal stupid, they are quite intelligent.   




 tbh, I'd skip Adelaide, maybe head down to Kangaroo Island instead, it's a beautiful spot. 




 You definitely require a permit in all states, as you do for all native animals that you wish to kill or take from the wild. 

Edit to add: Indigenous people can hunt without a license though.  




 They are not a pest at all. 

Edit: "More recently, consecutive reviews of the state of knowledge on the management of kangaroos
have failed to correlate kangaroo control to meaningful damage mitigation to pastoral properties or
the landscape in general (Olsen and Low; Olsen and Braysher; Herbert and Elzer)."

and

"[t]he main reason
an industry is approved is almost certainly because of the extent to which kangaroos are regarded as
a pest (Pople and Grigg). It is this construction of the kangaroo as a pest that has facilitated the
growth of the kangaroo industry, yet the view is based on ignorance, mistaken assumptions, and the
influence of vested interests in current practices."


3 million are killed annually and 1 million joeys are killed also as a by-product. 




 Viterra employees can no longer ride bikes on sites.

I broke my arm falling off one while riding over slippery rocks really fast trying to be cool.  




 Don't be an asshole, not literally though, we all need a literal asshole. 




 seconded, only extending it to most of the UK and Ireland.  




 "you look pretty when you're wet" 

Wet of the 'in a swimming pool covered in water' kind. 
 




 opinions. 

like "gay is bad", "global warming is a myth" "ALP is a good political party" 




 Selfies...

Well I hate a lot of more important things, but selfies are really infuriating me lately.

A close friend keeps putting them on fb with stupid faces and I have been liking her less and less each time.  




 Mine is a pretty boring story, but still confuses me about 3 years later. 
I was driving with my mum from one sisters house to the other sisters house, about a 40 minute drive. 
When we got to our destination, I went to the toilet, saw I'd pooped my pants a little...

No idea how it happened, didn't feel it happening, didn't feel the need to poop. Hasn't happened since, luckily. 
 




 I also pick, mostly when I am stressed/upset/angry etc. I used to have to put bandages around my finger tips because I would pick at the skin around them until it became too painful to use my fingers. 

Also, my cousin who also has ADHD used to pull out hairs one at a time, mostly her leg hair and eyelashes. she also picked at pimples a lot when she was a teen. 

I still do pick at my fingers from time to time, but I used to do it without even realising, I somehow became more conscious of it, and would be able to stop myself before I caused myself pain, just by focusing on what I was doing and asking myself what it was achieving, why was I doing it, should I keep doing it or should I stop. It doesnt sound like much but its helped. 

I have also read that having something to fidget with helps, although I haven't tried.  




 oooh yes, these people suck.

oh, looks like my friends baby is seriously ill, better go on and on and on about how my child is seriously ill with the common cold and take them to emergency. 

Now I have an amazing ER story to share with my friends! 




 - Discuss your disgusting sex life with people who really don't want to hear it

- Chew with your mouth open

- Have loud arguments in public places and make everyone else awkward

- Drive like you're the only car on the road

- Give yourself a nickname

- same pose in your million selfies

- take up a whole couch when other people need somewhere to sit

- make fun of things other people care about in conversation with those people

- scream abuse at strangers for either no reason, or if it's you who's in the wrong but you wont admit it.

 




 I don't understand. Surely North Korea knows its mostly hated or at least disliked by the rest of the world, having one movie banned isn't going to change that.  




 I know a few people like this. mostly good people, but have a terrible habit of thinking they know a lot more than they really do.

I don't know much about colour blindness, but I assume it affects your life, career options, appreciation of flowers (?) and it isnt fair to have it dismissed like it's nothing important.  




 a very mild spicy smell, mixed with dirt.  




 Not really obscure, but not common I guess... I have worked at grain silos, it was really very satisfying work, hard and tiring but fun also. 

My favourite thing was when the silos were being emptied and I got to climb inside and sweep out the remainder... even though it was like 40 degrees celsius and difficult to breath with all the dust. satisfying. 

Also involved a lot of draining of sludge after rain, picking dead animals out of the grain, sweeping, admiring views, imagining how if during a zombie apocalypse, the silos would be a great place to hide out..etc. 




 yes, seriously, I don't get why everyone keeps saying that kangaroos can't move backwards, because I have seen them do it SO many times.  




 My parents pets. Although, the bird just refuses to leave and the cat moved in after its previous owners abused it to near death. 




 My sister kidnapped a cat from her neighbours once, they couldnt even look after their kids, their cats (yep, multiple) were suffering and dying.

Kitty is now my best friend 3 




 Contact her best friend/ close family member, hopefully she already has herself, but just be sure she isn't alone. 

Hopefully what she said was just out of grief and shock and not a serious threat of suicide. 

I obviously don't know the whole story, but from her point of view (I am guessing) you've taken away a whole future she was anticipating and now she has to start all over... 

Sorry you've had to go through a tough break-up, I hope you can both move on as easily as possible.  




 You constantly forget you've made yourself a hot drink, then remember once it's gone cold. 




 Food slightly past it's used by date
 




 yep, exactly, probably 100% of teen movies/ tv shows will have some scene about a father loading his gun or something before his daughter goes on a date. 

I don't like it, but if society says this is ok for dads to threaten teen boys, then it's ok for a dad (OP) to threaten a teen girl 




 Suicidal 




 I have had hundreds over my lifetime. 3 this week. I get them when it's hot or when I have a cold, it's annoying. 

This 'talent' (?) has only been useful once, when I was working at a shop, I hated it and I wanted a break for a while. I knew that a slight bump on the nose would cause it to bleed. Voila! 15 minutes hiding in the toilets. 

they started when I was 4, I had ITP, that got better but the blood noses stuck around. 




 I have only one time, I thought my friend was asking the kettle for a cup of tea, thought it was hilarious, laughed, went to sleep.  




 Orange Blossoms 




 Australia and New Zealand will become New Ausland, because it makes sense.  




 What was tzis name when he was alive? 




 People in high-MAS cultures also believe in ostentatious shows of manliness or machismo. 




 looks like a male Papilio Ulysses http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Papilio_ulysses 




 I am a terrible dancer, but I'll try work with the general idea...somehow.

Also, I never thought to use ginger, even though I know it's effective for motion sickness, thanks for the suggestion! 

 




 I get painful, crushing envy when I see men with long luscious eyelashes. 

Such effortless beauty. Damn you.   




 My dad is also a driver,  he's never been diagnosed but I'm pretty sure he has adhd, my psychiatrist agreed. 

 Amazing!

Maybe driving is the way to go.   




 I feel exactly the same a lot of the time, I do have depression also, and if I forget my medication for that these feelings intensify. As someone has suggested, maybe get checked out for depression.

Although, I do feel like these thoughts, as depressing as they can be, are not necessarily the result of depression.

I try to not have these thoughts as a negative thing, but rather as a positive. Use them to inspire me to work through the dullness of general life while planning on doing more exciting things later. Eg. having a boring job now will give me the money I need to travel later. 

I would love to move to the country (overseas maybe) and set up a self sustaining property to live on one day. 

How about we put together all our money and resources and buy a tropical island! who's with me?! 




