 Wish someone made or recontinued this thread:

http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/28whcw/what_is_your_worst_poop_horror_story/ 




 As a fellow gamer, I know what it's like to drift away from an internet friend. Your experience really reflects on my time in the gaming community. You should find this Kelbertinghoess Flappers dude and talk to him. Catch up on the good ol' times before it becomes too late. 




 Found out about reddit when I decided to type in "worst poop stories" on google just for the kicks... Never in my life have I laughed so hard for such an amount of time 




 Kamina from Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann. Bulat and Sheele from Akame Ga Kill. Kana and the mother's death from Parasyte. And many other surprise sudden deaths in the animes I've seen. 




 What happens if both sides got pissed on? 




 Now that's downright cruel. At first I thought she was being extreme but that takes things to a whole new level. My parents more specifically my mom used to resort to physical beatings as punishment and at times I was left with marks on my body. I had a few friends ask me about it as they know my Mom is downright crazy sometimes but I just shrugged it off as an injury I received while biking or something. However, I knew at the very least my mom was concerned for my future and had intentions of me getting into a good college. Your mom is awful and I hope no one has to go through anything you did. I'm glad to hear you're doing better now *internet hug* :) 




 Crazy ass muggles these days.... 




 Wow, I really feel for you dude! My parents were on the opposite side of the spectrum compared to yours. My mother rather than forcing me to sleep at 8 pm every night, forced me to complete all my school work and other activities even if it means going to sleep at 4 AM. There were other few similarities as she would blame me for being sick, calling me a dumbass everytime I got a cold or a fever. My mother could care less about my social problems, if I received an A or lower she would give me hell for it and most of the time it ended up with severe beatings. I remembered she whipped me with my Dad's belt when i was in 6th grade for getting a C. Part of me feels like that both our parents were trying to be "good" parents but ended up being way too extreme in their child rearing. 




 Well at least you're fine now! :D 




 And who gave you the authority to tell him that? He has every right if not more to reproduce than the rest of us. 




 Oh shit.... 









 Same here! I never learned to spell definately correctly until the 10th grade. 









 One line from Rebirthing by Skillet is "I come alive somehow" but I always sing it as "I paralyzed a cow" 




 /u/StickleyMan has more 




 Freedom of Speech. 




 /u/StickleyMan has the most comment karma, link karma, and trophies I've ever seen for one redditor. 




 I never felt full support from my parents in anything I wanted to accomplish. They simply brushed it off or they tried to act like they cared. I never had a social life either which is another thing I greatly resent them for. 




 The only thing I'm looking forward to is that I'll be in college in less than two years so I don't have to deal with this kind of nonsense. I picked up Reddit actually because it's my form of relief from my parents. To them, Reddit looks like an educational website or something like Wikipedia lol 




 I couldn't agree more with you. My mother and father have always used an extremely authoritative/restrictive child rearing practice. I was not allowed to have friends over, go to a friends house, and at times I wasn't even allowed to go outside. My mother also has an anger management issue. If she found me doing anything not education related she would flip out and cuss while throwing furniture at me. My dad tried to understand things from my point of view but at the end of the day he just sides with my mom. Because of this, I never really had too many friends, only a few close ones that really help me. While its not direct, when or if I ever have children I've made a vow to myself I would not put them in any form of abuse and restriction my parents have put me in. 









 Wow! I really feel for you dude. That's exactly the situation for my parents. My mothers a bipolar psycho bitch sometimes and my dad would always side with her no matter the situation. The amount of verbal AND physical abuse my sister and I received is ridiculous. Aside from that she was extremely uptight about the rules and wouldn't let me out of the house for nearly anything except for school and SAT classes. I was never allowed to play games or hang out with friends. One time I was caught playing a computer game when she wasn't around and she began throwing furniture all around the house and at me all the while cussing at me in her native language, saying how I'm a complete utter failure and I would never accomplish anything succesful in my lifetime. My dad just says it's our fault for my mom being crazy. 




 Love should come to everybody naturally. With that being said, there isn't really anything you should do to obtain love. The only thing you have to do is be yourself and wait for the time to come. 




 Thanks for clarifying. I agree with you on how their wages should be higher. 




 Really? Tipping waiters and waitresses is a common courtesy. They make next to minimum wage and actually majority of their income comes from the tips they receive from their customers. And honestly giving 15% of your bill as a tip isn't really asking for too much. Most people think working as a waiter is a simple job until they actually do it. Theres A LOT more work involved than you would think. 




 I agree with several of the responses here however the thing that irks me the most is when people compare you to others. A constant example would be my parents when they say "Why can't you be like that Asian kid over there who takes 7 different AP classes, has a 4.9 GPA, 2400 SAT Score, president of 4 different clubs, and captain of 3 different varsity level sports". We're all born differently but does that make us any less than each other? No. Everyone has their own strong points and weaknesses. Those who fail to acknowledge that truth are forever ignorant. 




 My eighth grade Language Arts teacher. She was racist and despite claiming she didn't have favorites, it was clear that she favored white people over ANY othe race. For example, she asked a question and called on me. I answered her question only for her to say it's completely wrong and incorrect. 10 seconds later, a sterotypical blonde hair blue eyes white girl raises her hand and SAYS ALMOST THE EXACT SAME THING I SAID and the teacher congratulates her and showers her in compliments. I'm not the only one who hated her, nearly all my other classmates despised her and wished she would quickly retire.  




 I have two, You Found Me - The Fray and How to Save a Life - The Fray. Those songs has gotten me through several of my darkest moments in life, even through various times when I was about to attempt suicide. Even now, I still listen to it whenever I'm going through some tough times.

Heres what Isaac, one of the songwriters of this song, said about it:
""You Found Me is a tough song for me. Its about the disappointment, the heart ache, the let down that comes with life. Sometimes you're let down, sometimes you're the one who lets someone else down. It gets hard to know who you can trust, who you can count on. This song came out of a tough time, and I'm still right in the thick of it. There's some difficult circumstances my family and friends have been going through over the past year or so and can be overwhelming. It wears on me. It demands so much of my faith to keep believing, keep hoping in the unseen. Sometimes the tunnel has a light at the end, but usually they just look black as night. This song is about that feeling, and the hope that I still have, buried deep in my chest."
 









 Well said. I completely agree with you but the OP should also contact the police and notify them about this situation.  




 If I were in his shoes, I would be extremely pissed at my parents. If what the OP said was true on how it was a "small incident", his father should be the one apologizing to him. His father already broke the law by kicking him out of the house before 18 and without giving him at least any notice. These kinds of things are ridiculous.  




 Thanks, I'll keep this in mind. What they don't understand is that I can balance my work and have fun. I don't need them nagging me about homework, violin, SAT's, or anything else. I think I'm perfectly capable of handling my own activities. Another thing they don't understand is the concept of relaxing or having fun. I doubt there is any human being that can work nearly every hour of the day without having some form of break. In the past I talked to them about this issue and the only reply I got was "Sure, instead of working on schoolwork we'll let you practice your violin for 1-2 hours". Not only that, my mother is sort of a control freak, everything HAS to go her way otherwise she'll literally scream and throw furniture. It's nearly impossible to negotiate with her. My dad I'll admit is a bit more understanding but at the end of the day he still sides with my mother. Really the only thing that keeps me going is the fact that I'll be in college next year. Of course I won't go crazy and party, do drugs, or any other of those things.  




 I'm actually the president of my school's Chess Club. It's the only actual activity they'll allow me to participate because chess is an intellectual game. However when I'm home, they won't let me play any games, not even chess. 




 Before I get started, I'm not trying to elicit sympathy. I only want advice and if anyone else can relate to this please tell me your feelings. My parents, mostly my mother, doesn't allow me to play any kind of games. They keep a close eye on my grades and expect me to be doing work every hour I'm awake whether its completing my schoolwork, working on SATs, or practicing the violin. Of course, as a result of this, this also means that I can't go out with friends, talk with friends on the internet, and I can't watch T.V (they even canceled cable television because they think its ruining my health). In fact last year I got into a huge argument with them about me having a facebook because they found out I was using it to talk with other classmates. So basically, it feels like I'm stuck in a prison, unable to do anything but work. Most of the time I these feelings inside but lately after my mother found out I was secretly playing some video games on the computer when she wasn't around, she went completely apeshit by threatening to break the computer, throwing random furniture, and cussing. The worst part is that my dad doesn't do anything to help, he simply says it was my fault for making my mother angry and abusive. I know they only want the best for me and think they're helping me get into a good college and have a succesful future but I can't help to feel that they're being too extreme. Because of this, in the past few years I've suffered from stress and several anxiety attacks. The only form of relief I get in my daily life is actually reddit. My parents think reddit is some kind of educational website like wikipedia or something. 




 Nice try Jigsaw 




 Korrasami because Korrasami 




 I remember bits and pieces of my last dream from a few weeks ago. I was playing hide and seek with one of my friends from school when it somehow ended up with us having sex. 




 Nice twist! I thought you were gonna go out with the first girl you mentioned but I wasn't expecting her roommate. Good luck for you guys! 




 Not really a superhero but....

"JUST WHO THE HELL DO YOU THINK I AM!" 




 http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/662/092/83e.jpg 




 "Babies come from daddy. The nuts inside daddy's scrotum (the sack below his wee-wee) make millions of microscopic homunculus every day. Each of these homunculus is a microscopic baby. 

Sometimes daddy and mommy will play around when you're not there. When they want a baby, daddy will stick his pee-pee in mommy's mouth or in mommy's poo-poo hole. Hee hee, mommy and daddy think this is a lot of fun for some reason. Since mommy and daddy don't get fun toys that's the best thing they can think of doing to play. Gross. They will probably get very mad if you ask them. They like to keep this weird behavior secret, but that's how babies get started. 

Sometimes mommy and daddy will watch movies and read books about other mommies and daddies doing this; these are called "adult" items since they are too gross for others to want to watch. 

Anyway, after daddy sticks his pee-pee in places he shouldn't, the many homunculus will travel all around inside mommy. If one of them makes it to mommy's tummy then the homunculus will be able to stay and eat the yummy food in mommy's tummy. Usually none make it there, which is why you don't have a new baby every day. Other times two or more will make it, and then you have twins. 

For the baby to breathe it makes a small umbilical cord out of things mommy eats and lets this go out either mommy's mouth or poo-poo hole. The baby uses this like a snorkel. 

Oral Contraceptives have been invented by scientists to prevent babies from happening if daddy puts his wee-wee in mommy's mouth. There are no anal contraceptives yet to prevent babies from happening if daddy puts his pee-pee elsewhere, all very bad ideas anyway. 

After about nine months of the baby eating inside of mommy then mommy has had enough of this and goes into labor. This is very painful. During labor mommy will squeeze the baby through her intestines and finally squeeze it out her poo-poo hole. This is very painful, which God did as a punishment to people for Adam and Eve misbehaving in Eden. 

An abortion is when the mommy changes her mind and decides to poop out the baby early. The baby just goes down the toilet. Actually many miscarriages happen this way. A miscarriage is when a baby dies inside the mommy." -Yahoo Answers 




 I'm not sure if you want to fully understand human consciousness considering how messed up some people are in this world. Some stuff are better left unknown. 




 The future has always been daunting and mysterious for me. One moment you could be living on cloud 9, next moment you could be putting a bullet through your head. Overall, it's the unpredictablilty that makes it nerveracking and horrifying. 




 I was in 6 or 7th grade when I had my first masturbating experience. Like most other boys that age, when I was about to climax I thought it was going to pee so I ran to the bathroom. Later on I remember being confused on why my pee was white with a creamy color so I decided to ask my mom... 




 This reminds me of a classmate that sits next to me during lunch. Everytime you say hi to him or have a very simple brief conversation, he'll flex as hard as he can just to show off his biceps, pecs, etc. Yeah sure I know you work out dude. Good for you, stop showing off...
You know it's a problem when EVERY SINGLE ONE OF HIS FACEBOOK PICTURES IS OF HIM FLEXING. 









 5, but the number doesn't have to be a whole number. He said any number between 1-10000 soo..... 




 You do have a point, think about the Cold War. 




 Pizza. I think I'm a bit lactose intolerant because everytime I eat a few slices within the next 30 minutes I have explosive diarrhea. BUT ITS WORTH IT BECAUSE PIZZA. 




 I tried that but it takes soo longg for it to drop a single card 




 I'm a level 121 Dark Knight on Scania. What methods do you guys use to make quick mesos? 




 True 




 Couldn't have said any better :) 




 Of course! Our galaxy let alone solar system is merely a speck among the vast universe. Do you really think we are the only life forms that exist? 




 By closing my eyes. 




