 Is hard to have warring ideological camps when articles about the ideology of the economics profession have titles such as "is there a Republican in the house" 




 Yes.  




 Rothbard had same criticism of Reagan as a big spender 




 Yes. That is a dirty little secret that is not a secret. People just deny that truth. 




 Occupational choice, compensating differentials?  




 If that is so, why is the taxpayers' union denouncing corporate welfare and the current bailout to sky city? 




 Don't know. I live on the other side of the world 




 see also Taxation and Market Work: Is Scandinavia an Outlier?
Richard Rogerson at http://www.nber.org/papers/w12890

Abstract: 

This paper argues that it is essential to explicitly consider how the government spends tax revenues when assessing the effects of tax rates on aggregate hours of market work. 

Different forms of government spending imply different elasticities of hours of work with regard to tax rates. 

I illustrate the empirical importance of this point by addressing the issue of hours worked and tax rates in three sets of economies: the US, Continental Europe and Scandinavia. 

While tax rates are highest in Scandinavia, hours worked in Scandinavia are significantly higher than they are in Continental Europe. 

I argue that differences in the form of government spending can potentially account for this pattern. 




 I travelled on a spur are on the Bullet train in 1997.

This train line weaved its way through the Japanese mountains and rarely hit any sort of speed.

When I asked my Prof of land transport at the train station when we are heading back from our field trip  at an isolated rural train station waiting for the Bullet train, why was the Bullet train to such a remote place, he said that the Sec general of the Liberal Democratic party always wanted the Bullet train to come to his home district. 




 Public choice 




 There appears to be a crossing-over of the working class.

More and more of the working class vote is for the right-wing parties. 

More and more of the support of the left-wing, higher tax parties, including the green parties are from high income earners.
 




 The economic theme would be bootleggers and Baptists as per Bruce Yandle 




 Does that include wars between Communist states: Vietnam and China; and China and Russia. 




 But is the handbook series free to download? 




 see also http://www.becker-posner-blog.com/2006/01/should-the-purchase-and-sale-of-organs-for-transplant-surgery-be-permitted-becker.html  




 Abstract:
To generate big responses of unemployment to productivity shocks in a business cycle context or to productivity changes in a welfare state context, researchers have reconfigured matching models in various ways, e.g., by elevating the utility of leisure, by making wages sticky, by assuming alternating-offer wage bargaining, by introducing fixed matching costs, by modelling costly acquisition of credit, or by positing government mandated unemployment benefits, layoff costs, and taxes. 

All of these redesigned matching models increase responses of unemployment to movements in productivity through a common intermediating channel that we call the fundamental surplus fraction.


The fundamental surplus fraction is an upper bound on the fraction of a jobs output that the invisible hand can allocate to vacancy creation. All such models generate larger unemployment responses to movements in productivity by making the fundamental surplus fraction smaller.
 




 The writer has never heard of the median voter theorem.  




 After admitting the Left is in the dog house,  his solution is to go hard Left. A fantasy that lots of voters are parking their votes with the Tory party pending the arrival of a Hard Left party such as micheal foot 




 Yes, rat race jobs where a huge prize goes to those who work 7 days a week. 




 Its a satire 




 Friedman also advised the communist chinese too as their official guest. Does that make him a double secret communist by association? 




 Tullock was a little bit hard done by when James Buchanan got his Nobel prize in 1986.

The preface of the calculus of consent explicitly identifies which chapters were mostly written by James Buchanan, which were written by Gordon Tullock. 

They were divided up roughly equally with a few joint chapters and yet Buchanan won the Nobel Prize principally for writing that book 

Nobel Prize committees have a bit of a history of missing out co-authors. 




 paper is behind pay walls. 

I can't check the extent to which anonymity was used in the lab tests. 

Did the prisoners know they were interacting with other prisoners from the same prison they have to meet later on the prison you are? If so, results are invalid  




 Excellent point. Also, if you snitch in the lab game, you face the aggrieved party in the prison yard same afternoon. 




 The socialists are making the exact comments any small business would make because both face hard budget constraints 




 Left wing and activist groups also have many interns. They are not paid at all. The IT guy does not know how lucky he is. 




 Yes, why does the inexperience of the IT worker lessen his right to a living wage in the eyes of the socialist party. 




 I thought it was rather blunt. 




 the reason for infrequent comments is Enough people, a small minority, forget the manners their mother taught them so it makes posting comments not worthwhile.

Several sub-Reddits such as New Zealand and Scotland are no go areas unless you're a member of the in-group 




 the link did not come up as submitted when I submitted it. 




 Take that up with the blogger 




 
Abstract:      
Until the 1970s, Hong Kong's Government collected as few statistics as possible, a policy only partially explained by its commitment to laisser faire. Statistics were seen as threatening its freedom from London's control and its ability to limit political debate locally. Using unpublished material from the Hong Kong Public Records Office, this paper reviews statistical issues of major importance in Hong Kong's transition to an industrial economy and its emergence as a financial centre. It demonstrates how the quality of statistics affected the management of financial markets and banking crises, and identifies the wider costs of the shortage of comprehensive statistics. 




 It would be a lot easier to just increase the earned income tax credit? 




 data is as a percentage of the average wage of a full-time worker 




 Most are those who support the minimum wage shift gears their applied welfare economics in all other social context to emphasise how the losers should be given priority and greater weight when adding up the social gains and social losses of economic change.

The social cost of the minimum wage is not discussed in this way: how many jobs are lost and that these job losses are much more important than any gains to society. All that is done is the number of jobs lost is compared with some other social metrics such as how much the wages go up for those that still have a job and that is enough to conclude that there is a socially beneficial change from a minimum wage increase.

Any low paid workers affected by the minimum wage increase are just reduced to numbers and added and subtracted with great ease and few moral compunctions about interpersonal comparisons of utility

A minimum wage increase is not free if one worker loses their job. The Paretian Criterion states that welfare is said to increase or decrease if at least one person is made better off or worse off with no change in the positions of others. 




 So minimum wage still disemploys. Editorial asks if that is a pareto improvement 




 Yes, very true 




 Towns straddle the canadian border,  including a library with rooms in both countries 




 try http://www.hoover.org/research/setting-krugman  




 Anen-o-me was kind enough to fix this for me. 




 thanks. the link broke overnight 




 The strongest reasons for legalising marijuana is it reduces the incentives for the formation  of narco-states 




 Not my book 




 Because they also qualify for medicine in larger numbers than men. STEM is not their only option. 




 Your 2008 paper says it is the first real world example  of a giffin good. The evidence bar is higher than that. 

150 years of searching before one example could be found.  




 Know of any examples of giffin goods? Top journals await you if you find one. 




 The law of demand is pretty solid 




 Primarily, because the laws of physics are predictable whereas the "laws" of economics are malleable. 

If so, why do engineers build dams etc., with 50% buffers in their safety margins to account for the unknown 




 The interesting thing about the short article in the Guardian was it started to talk about gender wage deniers. Is there no honest disagreement any more? 




 Yes, they had the odd good day. 




 Yes, is weird.  Telegraph writes great obituaries too. 




 You are well-read in the area. Perhaps you should share your sources. 




 Can you suggest some references?  




 Dates back 40 years in the Asymmetric marriage premium literature started by polachek 




 Why 




 V2 derivatives, I believe 




 unmarried middle aged men earn less that unmarried middle aged women 




 Having to repay borrowed money is seen as am imposition by some 




 All good points 




 Goes to issue of standing to sue 




 Kansas senate case in 1920. Discussed in link I think. 




 A reasoned discussion 




 some have worked when backed by a resolution of the house. 




 That's what happens in democracies 




 Ok 




 Friendly reminder: This is r/economics, not /r/politics.

An inquiry into the nature and causes of the wealth of nations founded economics 




 Forgotten Lycos. Is Netscape still around? 




 Golden Era songwriters were generally at their best during their 30s and 40s, whereas since the mid-'60s popular songwriters have consistently done their best work during their 20s. 

The revolution in popular music occurred at a time when young innovators were making similar transformations in other arts: Jean-Luc Godard and his fellow New Wave directors created a conceptual revolution in film in the early '60s, just as Andy Warhol and other Pop artists made painting a conceptual activity. 




 He had colourful biographies. Good Christmas reading. 




 There is a bill in the house to allow extend privilege to reports and repetitions 




 Very true. Was it his second offence and he escaped conviction for a first strike offence 




 What is tested on Beagles? I am sure they test something on them 




 Yes, he is attacking a strawman argument 




 See Dodging the vote? 
Richard J. Cebula, Franklin G. Mixon Jr. Empirical economics 2012
Abstract
This study investigates the impact of ending the military draft on voter turnout in the U.S. The main study period runs from 1948 through 2006. After controlling for the unemployment rate, the degree of labor force unionization, the U.S.-Iraq War, the impact of voting in presidential elections, the female labor force participation rate, the percent of the adult population with a college degree, income, and a variable to reflect strong approval or disapproval of the U.S. President, compelling empirical evidence is found that ending the military draft in the U.S. acted to significantly reduce the aggregate voter participation rate.
 




 See The Allocation of Death in the Vietnam War: A Public Choice Perspective
Brian L. Goff and Robert D. Tollison
Southern Economic Journal
Vol. 54, No. 2 (Oct., 1987), pp. 316-321 




 See http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/10430719108404694 Political influence on civil war mortality rates: The electoral college as a battlefield

Gary M. Anderson and Robert D. Tollison 1991 




 Tollison has published frequently on civil war and vietnam war death rates in battle and the electoral college 




 Gary becker wrote a nice paper on terrorism among other things relating casual and daily bus and cafe patronage based on the fixed costs of updating infomation on risks. Used it to study the economics of the christchurch earthquake and tourism demand. 




 Public choice? 




 true, reminders of the temptations to which academics and professionals succumb to win tenure, publish or perish and secure consultancies should always be in high rotation in any profession. 




 from abstract: The top 1 percent of households hold over a third of the country's total wealth, while the bottom two quintiles hold a fraction of that wealth. 

As such, the rich are able to develop and maintain highly diversified portfolios of investments, including stocks, bonds, derivatives, insurance, precious metals, degrees, multiple homes and other real estate holdings. 

The ability of the rich to safely diversity their portfolios allows them to take on riskier investments without incurring the hazards associated with the far less diverse portfolios of lower income individuals. 




 The incompetence of the council is a major barrier to earthquake recovery. That might be of concern to you. 




 Piketty's tax proposals such as 80% top rate are to end such incomes, not raise revenue 




 I will get the quote from a green MP in the morning. 




 I agree. Inflation targeting is not broken. 




 Public choice 




  you needed a licence from the reserve bank to subscribe to a foreign magazine. Imagine having to asking the reserve bank for permission to use amazon one-click? 




 Banks used to open from 10 to 3 etc.

John Cleese developed his interest in the funny-side of hotels in NZ in 1964 when dining in one on a Sunday.
 




 thanks, the open paragraph outside the firewall makes the main point. 




 No reporting at all of this story in new zealand.  




 excellent read and Stigler at his witty best. 




 Yes,  he writes well and with great insight 




 Late where I am 




 Shares, bonds etc 




 Buy and hold a diversified portfolio of ...... 




 The dutch have cricket,  but specialised infrastructure is not required now there are mobile pitches. 




 Prereddit 




 try https://sites.google.com/site/pbentoecon/ for ungated 




 More of a mocking question to minimum wage advocates. Why be stingy if there is no employment effects. Where is the upper bound if there is no employment effects. 




 Yes, he was both a fine communicator and astute analyst 




 thanks 




 How do you find such links? 




 Warburg is underrated as an actor 




 Do not live in usa, don't understand comment 




 try http://ftp.iza.org/dp8235.pdf
 




 Yes, I was taught the barter story, not the money as memory story. 




 Yes. Patent trolls are a big threat 




 More to the point, everything is evidence for one hypothesis, which is bad science 




 My 10 free NYT articles per month had run out 




 for some reason economists reserve a special dark place in their hearts for taxicab regulation. 




 Coyne is a smart fellow. 




 true, but hiring specialist talent to handle expensive goods is a standard business responsibility. 




 Motion picture projectionists are regulated???!!! What do they do? 




 The links are to different parts of one interview 




 Some of the regulated professions are off the wall
 




 Moderators don't like changes to original title 




 Yes, as did Hayek 




 More than a few charge in with little knowledge 




 Yes, selgin is a smart operator, and quick on his feet. 




 is that a low number or high number?

 




 That's a good question. One clue is that you're all a bunch of narcissists that you'd say "global conspiracy". 

No, just that american based conspiracy theorists have accused me of leading a conspiracy before. 




 Who are we all in this global conspiracy?  




 you're obviously very knowledgeable on this, but it is a bit late in the evening where I am to reply. 




 ungated at http://www.sfu.ca/~allen/DemsetzSocialCost.pdf 




 Britain had free trade and then imperial preference  




 How did british industry policy go? 




 What was Hong Kong's industry policy? 




 Popper wrote that the motives of researchers is irrelevant. What matters is the critical discussion of what was said. 




 See too http://www.greenpeace.org/usa/en/campaigns/global-warming-and-energy/polluterwatch/koch-industries/cato-institute/

$ 5.35 million over 14 years, again chicken feed.  




 See http://www.greenpeace.org/usa/en/campaigns/global-warming-and-energy/polluterwatch/koch-industries/american-enterprise-institute/ for koch donations to AEI. 


$350, 000 between 2004 and 2011 in total. Chicken feed 




 Nice review of her work 




 It was 30000 troops versus 800  




 I agree.  




 Yes, if you want to manipulate elections, a much smaller group of insiders can get at the counting process etc. Voter fraud requires too many co-conspirators. 




 Good point. With so many safe races, in how many races is it worth the risk for politicians to organise it.

Most voter fraud is lone oddballs who vote multiple times. This occurs in every country 




 See http://utopiayouarestandinginit.com/2014/04/22/paul-krugman-tom-sargent-and-me/

Not every link on the Internet is orcastrated by the Koch brothers. 




 Paul Krugman accused me of being part of the vast right conspiracy when I posted the Tom Sargent's speech a few weeks ago.

He also didn't know that I lived in New Zealand. Not everything is about US politics, get over it. 




 Yes he deserves credit for posting the prison camp article. Wish I had.

I started a micro101 course with a lecture based on that article. 

 




 By the title alone I knew for sure this article was at least 15 years old. There's no way this type of analysis would suit the political rhetoric Krugman's been pushing.

Pre-2000 Krugman has a ton of solid economic analysis (like this), and I wish he produced more of it nowadays. 

So true. Krugman went off the rails when bush was elected

 




 Yes, mccloskey is one of the best economists about,. Her 1985 price theory book is great.

Her web site shows a busy scholar with Journal articles and many books. 




 That's good because few economists are libertarians.  most are moderate democrats. 




 try http://mpra.ub.uni-muenchen.de/20696/1/MPRA_paper_20696.pdf if link does not work directly 




 Yes, good one 




 if you cannot open see http://www.tobinproject.org/sites/tobinproject.org/files/assets/Posner%20The%20Concept%20of%20Regulatory%20Capture%20(1-16-13).pdf 




 Read the economics of company towns.  Shows the exact opposite. See http://eh.net/encyclopedia/the-company-town/ 




 The feds, under thomas' s views, can still regulate goods that cross state lines, as most medicines do. 




 Yes but regulation is a long way off 




 Why do discussions of the minimum wage so quickly degenerate into the minimum wage being the only things that stops wages falling to zero. 

Why are wages above the minimum wage if employers have so much power 




 Many Eu countries have no minimum wage including Uk before 1997.

What role the minimum wage in rising wages in the east asian tigers 




 Maybe people had not seen them. I hadn't.
 




 Is it new to reddit?  




 Yes, I thought the same too, but cats were a good metaphor for the points made 




 Not every cause and effect relationship is open to policy manipulation  




 If that is true, is it possible to set a separate minimum wage for every Labour market appropriate to its degree of monopsony? 




 The big increases in the EITC were under republicans. Nixon signed it into law. 

Nixon supported a guaranteed minimum family income bill that passed the house after Friedman popularized the negative income tax 




 The moderators complain if the original title changes 




 What do the surveys of economists say on this? 




 I am talking about implementing a minimum wage for each different market 




 There is a vast difference between unsubstantiated and drawing on a literature whose results are mixed or open to different interpretations. 




 It took it time to concede that point.

The economics of the minimum wage is a curious area of public debate.

People are very much anti-economics, but as soon as an argument comes up that vaguely supports the minimum wage not harming unemployment, they become extremely knowledgeable of that entire literature in all its nuances.

We are now discussing whether on the best possible interpretation of the employment effects of the minimum wage been minimal whether a minimum wage increase can actually implemented without harming employment. 

The answer to that question is no. 

Much easier to just increase the earned income tax credit. 




 Remember Stigler's 1946 paper that showed that increasing the minimum wage on the assumption of monopsony power requires a separate minimum wage for every different market. 




 Is an increase in the minimum wage a pareto improvement?

Is an increase in the earned income tax credit pareto superiour to an increase in the minimum wage? 




 The. Jury is on on all of those matters 




 What do minimum wages do to employment and skills acquisition? 




 Surprisingly enough this symposium on the economics of cats on the Internet came up with very interesting results 




 Yes, he must be a very good dialectic. 

Actors often have trouble mastering two maybe three dialects or accents. 




 Mine was not the original source, there were several reposts away. Thanks for the original link 




 Yes, what have the animal spirits stuff to do with inequality 




 Is this the first successful vote in the house for marijuana decriminalisation? 




 I wonder what people steal these days when houses burgled.

When I left university, a VCR cost $1000; today a DVD costs $50; the same goes for televisions been rather cheap relative to week's wages.

Most digital devices are pretty cheap these days. 

Moreover there is more and more antitheft technologies that allow you to freeze your phone if it is stolen.

I wonder if there has been any good studies of the declining career fortunes of burglars. 




 my mistake. Kleiner has been writing on the topic since 1982, well before he got his AFL-CIO chair.

"Unionism and Licensing of Public School Teachers: Impacts on Wages and Educational Output," in When Public Sector Workers Unionize, Richard B. Freeman and C Ichniowski (eds.), University of Chicago Press and National Bureau of Economic Research, 1988, with D. Petree, pp. 305-319. 
 
"Barriers to Labor Migration: The Case of Occupational Licensing," Industrial Relations, Vol. 21, No. 3, 1982, pp. 383-391, with R. Gay and K. Greene. 
 
"Licensing, Migration, and Earnings: Some Empirical Insights," Policy Studies Review, Vol. 1, No. 3, 1982, pp. 510-522, with R. Gay and K. Greene,
 




 The AEI grew out of the American Enterprise Association (AEA), which was founded in 1938 by a group of New York businessmen led by Lewis H. Brown. It was renamed in 1962.



 




 He has been writing on this topic for 20 years. Well before the libertarians got any coverage. 




 Old Libertarian party plank disguised as novel information.

Morris M. Kleiner is the AFL-CIO chair of labor policy and professor at the Humphrey School of public policy
 




 Yes 




 This is the  publicaton ready version of her presidential address 




 Most people read book review for substitute for reading a book 




 It is becoming more common to publish the data online.

This was not done in the past because to homepages were not available.

many of the papers in the American economic review and in other places have an online data appendix next to the link to the article.

As a general rule economists have no interest in the replication of studies. There is just not a published article in it.

You can publish articles on replication results with different datasets, but just rerunning the same data doesn't get your bonus points towards tenure.. 




 remember to hit the google translate button 




 Does this not strengthen the argument. 

The Nobel Prize is enough money to be tempted to put your feet up. The Fields medal is not
 




 All good points. The publication rates tell you something. 
It is true that some people make a few blinding contributions.

t's also true that others are journeyman academics who make important incremental additions 




 The central estimates suggest that a country that switches from non-democracy to democracy achieves about 20% higher GDP per capita over the subsequent three decades.

That's actually pretty huge, how could that have been missed before? 

Good point

 




 Good point 




 The ICC internal security unit report of about 1992 is on the Web.

It makes for fascinating reading about the long history of dodgy practices in cricket, particularly in county cricket, for example, to win bonus points.

Match fixing in cricket just slowly drifted into the game in the 1970s. 




 Tullock has a paper on monarchies, hereditary and non-hereditary.

an English king's grandson had a good chance of inheriting the throne only after it's powers were stripped to next to nothing.
 




 Very true 




 The key form of academic capture by governments is pre-emptively not funding the research 




 Milton friedman said that he never saw  a tax cut he didn't like 




 For a think tank,  that might be pitching it a bit high for their public audiences.  




 Yes, sales departments would not be able to offer discounts and extra services to win new customers 




 Noah Smith is full of it. Economics was never a priesthood of free markets.

Milton Friedman was a wild man in the wings until late in his life. Hayek had trouble getting up a job after about 1950.

If you mentioned Milton Friedman in a job interview before about 1995 or thereabouts, that was very career limiting. If you mentioned Hayek's name at a job interview and there was any sign of name recognition, that was evidence that you would been interviewed by well-read people.

A great many economists started out as socialists. There was great resistance to public choice within the profession and it is still is not well recognised in basic textbooks.

As correctly cited in the article the average economist is a moderate Democrat. That is a shift to the right, not to the left.

Economists are more likely to vote Democratic than Republican by a margin of 5 to 2; and even the Republican-voting economists tended to favour a lot of government intervention.

As for the Austrian School, that was so small until the late 1990s that they wouldn't need to book ahead for the table at a restaurant. 




 The question is how are you trustworthy. The fact of the chinese growth numbers always had an 8 in them is suspicious because 8 is the chinese sound for lucky, i am told. 




 Drug testing allows for counter signaling 




 Correct. I will amend later tonight. 




 you need some sort of an economy of some decent value to emerge under socialism in Cuba in the first place before sanctions can cripple it. 

if you have nothing to trade, sanctions do not matter. 




 Is there any difference between those spaceships shooting up to Elysium and Cubans floating over to Miami, and the wet foot, dry foot policy too? 




