




 Anarchists and libertarians really agree on 90% of stuff once we cut through the rhetoric. 




 A great read on that subject:
[Dark Alliance](http://catalog.sevenstories.com/products/dark-alliance-the-cia-the-contras-and-the-cocaine-explosion-movie-tie-in-edition). 




 I consider myself left wing libertarian. I just find libertarians in the US unrealistic about how the government corpocracy that we currently have will simply go away. I get how government policies feed these entities and make them grow bloated. I get all that about government waste and red tape. I also get how tax policies screw small and mid sizes companies while favoring multinationals. But how do we change any of that without good regulatory policy? It seems like the one thing government should be doing. I mean get rid of the DEA, the ATF, and the Education Department, cut down the military, reign in Homeland Security, and totally re-do intelligence. But we need a strong SEC. Markets now expand to dangerous levels, the financial system is insanely unstable. Good regulation instead of Fannie and Freddie would have spared a lot of home buyers a great deal of pain. 




 That's just the thing. Listening to some of those teenagers speaking, they really seemed pretty aware of broader issues. They're obviously going about it the wrong way, but I do see this as a very political event. 




 Like I said, I was just basing my argument off of what I saw on TV last night. It seems things escalated in a crazy way. 




 Wondering what people's opinions are on this sub about transhumanism. 




 Speaking of "keeping bullshit savagery to themselves" I wish you would take your own advice. 




 Thanks. 
The senior center getting burned is really fucking stupid. I admit I overstated my case! 




 That's really sad if true. I'm just saying what I saw on TV. I could be wrong. 




 Just my observation watching news footage yesterday, I saw people breaking into CVS, liquor stores, and payday lenders. I saw people throwing objects at cops. In other words, they were targeting the source of a lot of the hardship in their lives, failed health care and banking systems and failed criminal justice system. What I didn't see were any local -non-chain - businesses targeted. Or places where the community meets like churches and community centers. I didn't see any free clinics getting burned. 
Don't get me wrong, people burning private citizens cars is just bullshit, and I don't condone the looting. But these kids aren't dumb monsters who are desperate to set fire to buildings and get high just because they're bored. Their anger is real. 




 Agreed. The Eugenics movement in the US in the first part of the 20th century was the model for what happened in Germany. However, a lot of those Americans became active supporters of Nazism. Also the experiments against Americans citizens have started to come out. People know a bit about MKULTRA but the scope of it is really starting to come out.  




 I get that's what libertarians believe, but I think that if government regulation of markets is removed then you basically have shifted the government to corporations and to the financial services sector. While I don't like big government and certainly am not claiming that our democracy is in good shape, I like the principle that people have a right to step and reign in excesses in the markets. I see the current shift to corporate oligarchy as being similar to corporate syndicalism. Granted, libertarians probably don't like how things are, but the absence of good policy will result in undemocratic corporate government. 




 Chem train? Sounds like an Ozzy song. 




 While some may have been "quasi prisoners", most were not. What the German scientists who were brought over under Paperclip did was to forge an alliance between the intelligence services and scientific research community. This might not have happened without them. And if you believe that most of these guys were innocent technocrats, look up [Hubertus Strughold](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hubertus_Strughold) the "Father of Space Medicine" with NASA who placed priosners in Dachau in air pressure chambers until their eyeballs exploded. Don't sanitize this stuff. Many of these men were evil. 




 I'm not confused, I just happen to believe that corporations are now the state.  




 Thanks, will give that a look. I tend not to see this as a left or right thing. I think it is an ideology that infected people across the spectrum. Mostly it seems to be driven by worship at the altar of technological efficiency. But I'll check it out. 




 Hear, hear. The man's a fucking hero. There are criticisms that can be made of Chomsky, but he's been on the battle lines forever. If people want to pick on a CIA plant posing as a left wing thinker, go look at Gloria Steinem. 




 Corporate syndicalism is the link to libertarianism in the US. In Europe, libertarians are usually considered left wing - aka anarchists - but they became right wing libertarians in the US largely because of their belief in the goodness of the corporate model. I think there are substantial differences between libertarians and fascists, but in terms of economic models, they're birds of a feather. 




 Metformin, another fine product from the folks who brought you LSD. Thanks Sandoz! 




 Fascism was a very influential ideology with those in power from the 1930s onwards. From  [the Business Plot](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Business_Plot) in 1933 onwards, you could argue that Fascism shaped America more than any other belief system. It has been the model our economy is based on - corporate syndicalism - and it has largely shaped our transition into a militarist society that fetishizes technological efficiency at the expense of human worth. Quite literally Nazi scientists and technicians flooded into the US after WW2 under [Operation Paperclip](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Paperclip). The technological elite of the Nazis became the American technological elite. I think it is no exaggeration to say that we now live in their world.

Some good books on the subject: [Peter Levenda's Sinister Forces](http://www.amazon.com/Sinister-Forces-The-Nine-Political-Witchcraft/dp/0975290622)


[Jim Marrs The Rise of the Fourth Reich](http://www.amazon.com/Rise-Fourth-Reich-Societies-Threaten/dp/0061245593/ref=sr_1_2?s=books ie=UTF8 qid=1430233232 sr=1-2 keywords=jim+marrs+books)

[Linda Hunt Secret Agenda](http://gen.lib.rus.ec/book/index.php?md5=09AEA9234668F28FF07EBC963FB4B066)

and an article: [Americas Unique Fascism](http://jimmarrs.com/news_events/news/america%E2%80%99s-unique-fascism/)
 




 I am not advocating violence or the killing of cops, but after [the killing of two NYPD cops](http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2014/12/20/man_shoots_and_kills_two_new_york_city_police_officers.html) by Ismaaiyl Brinsley, the NYPD bascially went on [strike](http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/the-nypds-work-stoppage-is-surreal-20141231) with cops refusing to make arrests on minor infractions as a protest against the mayor. The crime rate during the police slowdown fell like over 60%. That includes for serious crimes like rape and murder. NYC had its all time record during that period for days without a murder. 




 Those regulatory bodies were and are a joke. The real regulatory teeth of the SEC were taken years ago and it ceased to be a regulatory agency after the repeal of Glass Steagall in 98. I'm all for small government, but that includes the unelected government of the oligarchs that we have today. And above all TPP is not about free trade. It is a massive sop to large corporations to the detriment of small and mid size employers. And worst of all is the undermining of sovereign law. If you're against big government, don't buy into the lie that this is about free trade, it's really not. This is about global government and the weakening of national democracies. 




 The NSA, Area 51, and Amazon. 




 Still working on this end. They're saying the Orioles are taking batting practice. Jesus. 




 I agree with all that. Funny though that the two places I've seen looted so far have been a CVS and a payday loans place. In other words, two of the sources of economic hardship for people. On the other hand, fucking up people's rides is just wrong.  




 Thanks. 




 I don't think they could possibly know for sure, but at the same time the resistance against the police lines has looked coordinated with groups throwing missiles then retreating to other positions. We'll see as the night goes on what the hell is going on. Pretty crazy, hope it doesn't get more violent. 




 Profit is a great thing when a product is involved. Should education be a product? There are other ways to think about it.  




 If anyone can find a livestream, please post a link below. 




 Great article. Very moving. 














 From the article:
Public Citizen observes that the TPP would provide big banks with a backdoor means of watering down efforts to re-regulate Wall Street, after deregulation triggered the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression:

The TPP would forbid countries from banning particularly risky financial products, such as the toxic derivatives that led to the $183 billion government bailout of AIG. It would prohibit policies to prevent banks from becoming too big to fail, and threaten the use of firewalls to prevent banks that keep our savings accounts from taking hedge-fund-style bets.

The TPP would also restrict capital controls, an essential policy tool to counter destabilizing flows of speculative money. . . . And the deal would prohibit taxes on Wall Street speculation, such as the proposed Robin Hood Tax that would generate billions of dollars worth of revenue for social, health, or environmental causes. 




 I'm guessing then that he means the neo-Cons like Cheney and Rumsfeld who were big players in the Ford administration. Post watergate, those people all came up with their poisonous ideology. 




 What does he mean by 30 years? That it goes back to the early 70s or that it will last 30 years until 2031? 




 Communism and anarchism are very different things. Which is it? Do you actually know the difference? 




 From the Unabomber Manifesto:
Control of Human Behavior

143. Since the beginning of civilization, organized societies have had to put pressures on human beings for the sake of the functioning of the social organism. The kinds of pressures vary greatly from one society to another. Some of the pressures are physical (poor diet, excessive labor, environmental pollution), some are psychological (noise, crowding, forcing human behavior into the mold that society requires). In the past, human nature has been approximately constant, or at any rate has varied only within certain bounds. Consequently, societies have been able to push people only up to certain limits. When the limit of human endurance has been passed, things start going wrong: rebellion, or crime, or corruption, or evasion of work, or depression and other mental problems, or an elevated death rate, or a declining birth rate or something else, so that either the society breaks down, or its functioning becomes too inefficient and it is (quickly or gradually, through conquest, attrition or evolution) replaced by some more efficient form of society.[25]

144. Thus human nature has in the past put certain limits on the development of societies. People could be pushed only so far and no farther. But today this may be changing, because modern technology is developing ways of modifying human beings.

145. Imagine a society that subjects people to conditions that make them terribly unhappy, then gives them drugs to take away their unhappiness. Science fiction? It is already happening to some extent in our own society. It is well known that the rate of clinical depression has been greatly increasing in recent decades. We believe that this is due to disruption of the power process, as explained in paragraphs 59-76.)

146. Drugs that affect the mind are only one example of the methods of controlling human behavior that modern society is developing. Let us look at some of the other methods.

147. To start with, there are the techniques of surveillance. Hidden video cameras are now used in most stores and in many other places, computers are used to collect and process vast amounts of information about individuals. Information so obtained greatly increases the effectiveness of physical coercion (i.e., law enforcement).[26] Then there are the methods of propaganda, for which the mass communications media provide effective vehicles. Efficient techniques have been developed for winning elections, selling products, influencing public opinion. The entertainment industry serves as an important psychological tool of the system, possibly even when it is dishing out large amounts of sex and violence. Entertainment provides modern man with an essential means of escape. While absorbed in television, videos, etc., he can forget stress, anxiety, frustration, dissatisfaction. Many primitive peoples, when they don't have any work to do, are quite content to sit for hours at a time doing nothing at all, because they are at peace with themselves and their world. But most modern people must be constantly occupied or entertained, otherwise they get "bored," i.e., they get fidgety, uneasy, irritable.

148. Other techniques strike deeper that the foregoing. Education is no longer a simple affair of paddling a kid's behind when he doesn't know his lessons and patting him on the head when he does know them. It is becoming a scientific technique for controlling the child's development. Sylvan Learning Centers, for example, have had great success in motivating children to study, and psychological techniques are also used with more or less success in many conventional schools. "Parenting" techniques that are taught to parents are designed to make children accept the fundamental values of the system and behave in ways that the system finds desirable. "Mental health" programs, "intervention" techniques, psychotherapy and so forth are ostensibly designed to benefit individuals, but in practice they usually serve as methods for inducing individuals to think and behave as the system requires. (There is no contradiction here; an individual whose attitudes or behavior bring him into conflict with the system is up against a force that is too powerful for him to conquer or escape from, hence he is likely to suffer from stress, frustration, defeat. His path will be much easier if he thinks and behaves as the system requires. In that sense the system is acting for the benefit of the individual when it brainwashes him into conformity.) Child abuse in its gross and obvious forms is disapproved in most if not all cultures. Tormenting a child for a trivial reason or no reason at all is something that appalls almost everyone. But many psychologists interpret the concept of abuse much more broadly. Is spanking, when used as part of a rational and consistent system of discipline, a form of abuse? The question will ultimately be decided by whether or not spanking tends to produce behavior that makes a person fit in well with the existing system of society. In practice, the word "abuse" tends to be interpreted to include any method of child-rearing that produces behavior inconvenient for the system. Thus, when they go beyond the prevention of obvious, senseless cruelty, programs for preventing "child abuse" are directed toward the control of human behavior on behalf of the system.

149. Presumably, research will continue to increase the effectiveness of psychological techniques for controlling human behavior. But we think it is unlikely that psychological techniques alone will be sufficient to adjust human beings to the kind of society that technology is creating. Biological methods probably will have to be used. We have already mentioned the use of drugs in this connection. Neurology may provide other avenues for modifying the human mind, Genetic engineering of human beings is already beginning to occur in the form of "gene therapy," and there is no reason to assume that such methods will not eventually be used to modify those aspects of the body that affect mental functioning,  




 So many of the stories about police abuse follow a narrative of "the bad cop" deviating from all the good cops, but this case in South LA really shows how systemic the problem is when it comes to how the police view and deal with the public. 









 Don't know if this is connected, but I watched [this amazing 1950s era documentary](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POWR2H89QVY) about the US military building a secret base in Greenland. 




 The problem is that from our perspective, the education system is completely broken, but as far as the system is concerned, everything is fine. Profits are rolling in, a demoralized, brainwashed workforce is being produced to supply multinational corporations with worker drones. There's no point in trying to fix a system like that. People have to think bigger than coming up with patches to fix fundamentally evil systems. The same could be said for the financial systems that rule over us. And healthcare etc... 




 So many of the stories about police abuse follow a narrative of "the bad cop" deviating from all the good cops, but this case in South LA really shows how systemic the problem is when it comes to how the police view and deal with the public. 




 [War Against the Weak: Eugenics and America's Campaign to Create a Master Race by Edwin Black ](http://www.amazon.com/War-Against-Weak-Eugenics-Americas/dp/0914153293)
    Great read.

Also this doc along similar lines: [War on the Weak](https://archive.org/details/WarOnTheWeak) 




 A lot of this stuff, especially loitering laws, was used to basically force black people into conditions of slavery again in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Basically anyone who couldn't prove that they were employed would be charged with vagrancy and arrested, then forced into involuntary labor through the prison system. 
Nowadays there's more white people experiencing some of the bullshit that blacks and Latinos have had to put up with forever. Here's a great documentary on the subject if anyone is interested:

[Slavery by Another Name](http://www.pbs.org/tpt/slavery-by-another-name/watch/) 




 I'm finding no sign of sherril_elkaderi anywhere outside this picture. Not on twitter as of right now. 




 This is some seriously messed up shit. They're not even trying to hide that American democracy is dead, are they? 




 If by "crazy" you mean sociopath, then I agree wholeheartedly. 




 I'm left wing, but she makes me ill. I feel like voting for Rand Paul just to spite her supporters. 









 Before he got murdered? Not sure what he was working on. Apparently his friends called him Grandma because he used to drive so slow. Whatever he was working on, it pissed someone off. 









 Some people claim the Mahabarata describes a nuclear blast at Mohenjo Daro in Pakistan:

(http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/arqueologia/esp_mohenjo_daro_1.htm) 




 I sure hope they get their house back so they can go sit in it and just be batshit crazy there all day. 




 No, I meant that it was highly organized and involved very wealthy, powerful people. 




 [Jeffrey Epstein begs to differ](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeffrey_Epstein) 




 I don't know what the truth is about that case, but I definitely had misgivings about how the kids seemed to be pressured into giving testimony by the mother and stepfather in the original video. Even if all this stuff did happen to the kids, they were effectively experiencing another round of trauma by their angry parents who didn't seem to be putting the emotional health of the kids first and foremost. 









 I actually found her letter hilarious in its exasperation, but maybe you're right. Vice is weird.  




 I guess the question is: are these fuck ups? They do this with such regularity that it starts to look like an insane plan. 
























 Don't blame the teacher for that. Blame the morons who run the school. They should be fired. And her lawsuit if successful provides a strong disincentive to school officials pulling this stunt again elsewhere. 




 Because the main thing is not to look weak. Even if it means we look batshit crazy, that's fine, just not weak. 




 Well put.  




 We've been using remote strikes to spread terror since at least the Tokyo firebombing in WW2. 




 We? 




 Now you people are just getting creepy. 




 Oh, well that's just a huge relief. I'll go back to bed.  




 I would hesitate to use the word "our". I'm not sure whose leaders they are, but they're probably not ours. Real democracy has been on its death bed for a while and this treaty is the death certificate. 




 Maybe it's because people weren't able to "think outside the box" like this crack team of early childhood terror experts. 




 This legislation will empower corporations giving them a global government that sidesteps any democratic controls. This is the NWO that the elites have always dreamed of and it scares the shit out of me. 




 This treaty is the legal framework for the global government run by corporations. This is the real NWO. 




 At some point America has to reach peak retardation. What were these bozos thinking? Of course they're going to get their asses sued to high heaven. Hope she makes a bundle. 









 I tend to agree, as far as choking them off from the source of their power. But where the money goes can show you what their intentions are. Half of tax money goes to military matters, that means the powers that be are still working to hide the fact from the masses that we are now a military state. 




 There's a long depressing story about why this vanished. The reporters who worked on this had their careers ended. Someone really went to work to discredit them in the late 90s. CNN and other MSM went from being places where good journalism could sometimes sneak through to brainless controlled mouthpieces around that time. 




 Interesting article. But as far as the general consensus regarding "changes in vector populations", can you explain the incredible coincidence that the major new North American vector emerged just across from Plum Island at Old Lyme? Especially when the work there involved the weaponization of ticks and other aerial delivery systems? Of course they didn't create some bacteria out of synthetic goo, they would have used an existing strain. Possibly the scientists were able to  manipulate the bacteria on a genetic level to make it more deadly. All conjecture, but they sure as hell were doing something in that lab. 




 But what became referred to as Lyme disease after 1975, while sharing characteristics of earlier tick borne bacterial infections was on another level. You hear about rashes and skin conditions in Europe that look like the Lyme rash, but as far as I know, they don't have anywhere near the severity especially with the arthritic like pain that happens now. And there's weird stuff with personality shifts that suggest neurological impairment. If this stuff existed before, I would honestly like to read about it. I just suspect this bacteria was somehow weaponized. 




 Lyme is a lot more than a "chronic skin rash".
 




 There's a great book by Ralph McGehee called Deadly Deceits where he describes his success in doing real effective counterinsurgency in Thailand. When he tried to transfer some of his practices to Vietnam, no one was interested including Colby who basically made it known that the chaos the US created in Vietnam was by design. They had no intention of bringing order to the place, there were too many officers enjoying themselves and too many contractors making fortunes. Sound like any recent wars? 




 Counterinsurgency is a deeply flawed notion. It comes from the British repression of Malaysian communists after WW2, and the world's military forces hold it like Bible truth that what the British did there worked when in fact all that happened was brutal repression that increased the communist presence in rural areas. Vietnam's hearts and minds program was a major joke, they used to have warehouses full of color TVs and beer like the army couldn't think of anything better America could bring to an ancient culture like Vietnam. Having spoken with some military people about this, my impression is that officers really believe this garbage works but grunts know from experience that the countries we occupy become ungovernable mayhem. It all comes down to money in the end, right? Counterinsurgency equals LOTS of contracts. 




 I'll check it out, thanks. 




 No it hasn't. The first reported case was back in the 70s 




 Something about this attack makes me sad, thinking about the parents whose kids were in that village in Laos and they never got to bury them or hear the truth about how they died. I did research for a book set in the Vietnam War and was finding all these accounts of US soldiers joining the NVA and actually fighting with the North or the VC. 




 I think that's where I learned about it originally. If you look at a map, the disease vector for the spread of Lyme from the 70s onwards points like an arrow right at the Germ Lab which was a major Cold War Bio Chem research site. Essentially Lyme is a neurotoxin and anyone who gets it goes through hell. 




 How about Rosebud? 









 Apparently US embassy personnel during that era received hardship pay because so many workers and officials were developing illnesses including leukemia. 









