 Driverless cars are more dangerous that cars with drivers. These cars will not be able to react like humans can to certain events, and there will be traffic jams, and fatal accidents.

I highly doubt government officials will use self driving cars, just due to the risk, and it is much easier to shut someone up with a "computer malfunction" and get away with it. 

We are not yet ready for this technology, and it shouldn't be available to the public. 









 Execution baby! No need to waste more at payer money when te average middle class student cannot pay for college.  




 Would have also been avoided if they hit the iceberg head on... 




 God made every person, and he made us all flawed. No one has the authority to judge people who are straight/gay. I don't see why a lot of you care, it doesn't affect you whatsoever. 




 Our education system is a joke. No one cares about classes, they are all boring lectures of stupid where some prick refered to as a teacher, tells you to do shit.... We learn to complete tests, little of that knowledge is used in our careers.

Now I bet since we are so behind, they might give us more work which will lead to less giving a shit, and lower grades. 




 Unfortunately, unless we go about uhh, round 500x the speed of light, that shit ain't close. 




 That isn't racist at all... Imagine the outrage if it was not about being white, but being black... 




 Key word: claims

They aren't unemployed if they gave up looking for a job... 




 Lower taxes---prices drop---cost of living decreases 




 Why indestructible bases? Why? 




 Another indestructible base server *sigh* 




 Are bases destructible? How long has it been since a wipe? 




 I'm guessing sauerland is a map? 




 I believe you think that police are here for your safety.... You couldn't be more wrong. 









 Yeah... It's otherwise known as hallucinations,
 




 The last one should have been, "If Christians came from Jews, why are there still Jews?"
-unknown

 




 I am not here to start a war. I do not like to look at things from one side, so i am just going to ask you some questions, hopefully you won't take offense.

Let's start like this, I was raised as a Christian. We went to church every Sunday, I mindlessly prayed, went to Sunday school. I began to despise going to church. It was just boring, all that was discussed was the same concepts of love, respect.

I began to question the bible, gods, and their existence. I began to see a lot of contradictions, and when I asked my parents, they either changed the subject, or told me I should talk to the padtor.

I did just that, yet I still kept getting strange answers, that contradicted what was said by others in the past.

Out of curiosity, I read the bible, word by word. That too was full of contradictions, and passages that could be interpreted both ways.


Why have you started believing?

Have you read the bible word for word and seeked an unbiased meaning?

What are your personal opinions about athiests?

Do you think that it is right for God to send athiests to hell for eternity, because they didn't let him save them from him?

What are your opinions on heaven/hell? 




 I am confused. Why would age have anything to do with this? 
More importantly, why didn't she use the parachute? 




 How about someone full the government of idiots. 




 The government doesn't make up the whole country. Anyone who thinks snowden is a traitor is either a politician or a complete idiot 




 No federal jobs are good... They do not boost our economy, and nothing productive comes from them. 









 Welcome to the subreddit. Thanks for taking a peek. Post anything that you find funny yourself, and share a good laugh with us. 









 Found this beautiful gem: http://youtu.be/yowsa7d_MLY

This is quite old, but still entertaining. Hope to show some people who haven't seen this yet. 




 Black rhinos are already extinct... 




 1. I believe what can be proved to me. There is evidence to prove existence for everything around us, but there hasn't been any evidence of a god. I can believe that there is a god, it is possible, but there is no evidene that suggests there is a god.
2. I believe there was a man who is refered to as Jesus.
3. The only problem I have with religion is that it is being used as a way to gain wealth, and religion has an impact on critical thinking. 




 Yup, praise The Lord for wrecking the car.... Fuckin morons. 




 Don't tell them? 




 Sorry to hear that. It is sad when stuff like this happens. That is why I hate the brainwashing done by religious persons. 




 Free speach? Profanity isn't protected by freedom of speach either. This shouldn't be a big deal at all. Go hand out your fliers somewhere else. 




 Maybe their god will get them out. Honestly, I don't want them around those orphans. 




 Why not a more recent picture? http://riehlworldview.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/trayvon-martin.jpg

That's something I want Jesus replaced by 




 Unless we visit these places, we won't know for sure. There may be life there today, but we cannot see it, because we are seeing the light from times long ago.  




 Duh, obviously, all the animals were shrunk down... Silly atheist.  




