 I just put the title from Youtube, I have since learned it was a compressor stall ... maybe.   




 I am really looking forward to when we go a whole year without a hull loss.  It's only a matter of time. 




 That is so cool the edge of the picture makes the sky look like a sunset, but then you realize the sun is still high in the sky.  you should post a second picture once the moon is out of the way so you get an idea of what the sky looked like once the sun was out. 




 I think the rudder action is really cool.  As soon as the engine goes you can see the rudder inputs to keep the plane straight. 




 The biggest problem with this is especially at higher speeds, a grate is not going to do a lot, more likely you will suck the bird and the grate through the engine.  Plus as /u/ericvas said it would be a lot of weight drag and create problems with airflow going into the engine. 









 You are ignoring the fact that going west would be a huge waist of energy to get to pretty much the same place.  Plus going into a polar orbit would be a big waist of energy because you would not be able to take advantage of any of the energy you used to get to LEO because you would be making a 90 degree plane change to start your burn to Mars.  




 This would possibly be kind of correct, if you were launching direct to Mars, but it is most likely they will launch to LEO and then to Mars.  But even direct to Mars you would still gain some energy by launching closer to the equator.   




 I think this is because west coast launches are

1. At a higher latitude than the east coach making the launches less efficient (You need a bigger rocket to get the same mass to the same place.).
2. Need to depart over the pacific ocean for range safety which is perfect for polar launches, but not so great for anything trying to go into LEO, or LEO transfer to Mars because now you are overflying land and people.  

idk these are my best guesses why the west coast tends to be less popular.  Anybody knows more please tell me. 




 I am not sure how to feel about this. I could go either way. 




 Who are they? 




 That's a little weird.  




 Yea i can understand i always thought that rule was about keeping people from asking the same question 50 times not about limiting the amount of articles.  I feel like a lot of times articles from more than one source can be a good thing. 




 yea sorry about that 




 I didn't see any other posts about the rescheduling until after I posted, and whats the big deal, its an interesting article god forbid we have two articles about the same topic. 














 Any idea why they put the helicopter up on the bow like that?  It seems like a bad spot to put something it is just going to get pummeled. 




 Wait so you were on this ship during that storm? 














 The plane in this video is just getting bathed in sea water, how do they keep it from totally ruining the airplane?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OalYOmBvgpk 




 The doors were locked.  People don't realize the doors back then were not the thick impenetrable things we have today, in fact back then the doors were frequently made so that they could be kicked in incase there was an emergency and the pilots needed to escape or be saved, but the door would not open. 




 And I am not laughing anymore. Really sad to hear about that man. 




 ohh i wasn't around back then I am only a 2 year old account, and i didn't join these subreddits until later.  Either way i feel like this is genuine, and its nice to see the old subreddit going back to the good old way it used to be. 




 But the problem with this logic is it assumes people who vote know the issues and people who don't don't.  Right now there are plenty of people that vote that have no idea about any of the issues they just vote because the heard a comercial, or thats what the party is said to do.  You cant pick and choose who votes, and in my opinion I think requiring you to vote might influence some of those less informed people to actually pay attention and understand the issues a little better. 




 I think the big thing here i when teaching students they need to start off learning how to use the less intuitive instruments like the VOR just as with most things in flying it is important not to get overly dependent on one thing.  The problem with the GPS is it is so easy especially for beginners to become over reliant on what the GPS says.  If the GPS were to cut out they would be completely lost.  That is why it is important to not over rely on the GPS, not because it is not a good and effective tool, but because it can make you a worse pilot in terms of ability if you let it. 




 Very Cool 




 I was just saying the truth.  I didn't like the pink just like most of the old community.  I like this subreddit, and its nice that it looks like its supposed to again.  I don't think anything I have been saying has been hateful or slanderous towards the subreddit or you.  I have just been saying the truth.

Read the context of the posts I have made and I think you will see that most cases I have even defended your recent actions putting the subreddit back the way it was.  

I am sorry if there was any confusion.  Sometimes words can sound different when you are writing them than when someone else reads them. 




 I feel like this article is a little bit sensationalist.  Is the dawrf galaxy really made of dark matter?  it seems more likely that this galaxy just has significantly more mass than expected so we think it probably has some sort of dark matter. 




 Yea I agree he's a real person.  I talked to him a couple times and it seems like his main reasons behind the trolling was just boredom and apathy.  He says he didn't even make the changes, univerneema did.  He just didn't bother taking them down or getting rid of them.  

I think the trolling was probably fun for a while, but now he is just trying to make things right.  I guess we will see. 




 They apologized before? 




 it wasn't inactive before all the pink crap happened, we were getting about 2 posts a week.  It was a pleasant discussion subreddit.  I hope it gets back the way it was. 




 Well at least i can look at the screen now without my eyes hurting. 




 yea i agree if you want to be serious, its time to un-ban everyone. 




 Yea, they could still store some fuel on the barge to refuel the helicopters out at sea, it is just working out he logistics of what needs to be on the platform when. 




 There seems to be some discussion saying they need two helicopters, could they not catch both fairings using the same helicopter?  Catch the first one, and then chase after the second one and catch it? 




 If only there was some large platform that had space for a helicopter or two to land.  If only they could land they could transport the helicopters downrange on this platform, and then when launch is imminent take off catch the fairings and fly back to land leaving this large platform available for some other sort of landing event.  If only.  

LOL
 




 Also hourly wage after taxes can change depending on how much you make.  You can receive no taxes, or you can get into higher tax brackets, it all depends on the amount you made at the end of the year. 




 It seems like some of these people knew what they were looking for, is it possible that some people are geocaching, and trashing the cache when they get there? 




 Thats hilarious somebody has to post a picture of that green dragon. 




 True but you can have the CG too far forward. The only way to fix it is to put more weight in the back further adding weight to the plane.  




 And it would significantly move the center of gravity forward. 




 Do you know how much 12 inches of metal would weigh.  That would be crazy heavy.  Like over 1000 lb 




 lol 




 It is not necessarily the people fault for believing it.  Most people are not that into space stuff, and would not be able to tell the difference between a legitimate organization like NASA and a bogus one like Mars One.  It is really the media's fault.  It would have taken 20 minutes of research to figure out Mars One was sketchy at best and more likely a scam.  But as usual these days.  it seems like the media did zero research before publishing exactly what Mars One told them.  And they wonder why people are not bothering to watch anymore. 




 Yea my bad, I was having a hard time figuring out if it was a cost per unit or a cost for both.  That was so cool when they launched two rovers back to back. 




 Yea and the sad part is the only reason this would happen is because the media has done such a crappy job doing any investigation into the claims Mars One is making.  

Mars One = We will have colonists on mars in 10 years.  No real explanation how.

SpaceX = We are currently working on developing cheaper reusable rocket technology, as well as a larger more capable rocket that will be able to go to mars.  If everything keeps going well we will be looking at developing a more firm Mars plan in a few years.

Huge difference, although the media wont really care. 




 Yea i do like the discussions that get going in the tweets but sometimes I wish that there was more meat to the original post than just the headline. 




 I saw someone complain on the last thread about how we keep linking to tweets instead of actual news articles.

http://www.reddit.com/r/spacex/comments/2z9spn/higherpower_f9_variant_to_debut_this_year_wont/cphb85n

So I went over to Spacenews.com and saw they had a news article.  I thought I would post the news article instead of just a tweet. 




 Wow that is awesome, trains are so cool. 









 Have you ever seen/been on a working steam engine, or is it just Diesel?  Also what are some innovations happening in the train world?  I have heard of things like Hybrid electric diesel engines (although I think those are already a thing).  Are there any big things coming up in the train world? 




 Thats awesome.  Just wanted to say that I loved trains when I was little, I wanted to be an Engineer.  Ironically from your post now I am working to become a pilot. lol  I still love trains, I think they are so cool, I wish we would use them more for passenger transport and not just cargo but we are getting there.  




 I doubt it the upgraded core is not going on Turk.  In fact at this stage Turk should be getting ready to be mounted and rolled out, they only have less than a week before scheduled launch. 




 I know what you mean, but I don't know if anyone is going to write a news article about engine upgrades.  Its kind of like breaking news, and then a couple days later you get a well thought out article about it from spacenews.com its give and take, and I don't mind because the comments are usually pretty interesting. 




 I think the whole trick with the BFR is the reusability aspect.  I think SpaceX is planning on having reusability completely worked out before they go to the BFR specifically because they can afford to be throwing away a rocket that expensive. 




 What is a common misconception people have about engineers? 




 Yea I almost felt bad for the people.  There was one girl from the US that was actually making plans with her husband about what they would do when she had to leave for Mars.  I just felt embarrassed for her.  I was just so obvious that none of it was going to happen, and by some act of god if it did, she would be amazingly unprepared, and in the hands of completely incompetent Mars One. 




 That is a great quote because it is so true of Microsoft.  Although i think now Microsoft is having trouble capitalizing on new trends, like smartphones, and tablets.  Unless they figure something out, I see them going the way of BlackBerry in the next 20 years.  It will take a lot longer though because Microsoft is so ingrained into the market compared to BlackBerry. 




 Well actually the rockets are a little bit of the problem, because right now they are too expensive for it to be practical to send people there and support them. 




 hahahaha  




 Where did you get that quote?  If that is true, that is epic. 




 Ohh yea Microsoft has never really innovated, but what I was trying to say is microsoft took advantage of the market and widely distributed the personal computer across the market.  Ask and you will find the majority of peoples first computer was a Microsoft. 




 Thanks I am quite comfortable with both JOSM and ID.  I doubt I'll have time this week, but hopefully I can contribute something. 




 It is sad how true this is the media just wants to build this up so when it inevitably falls on its face they can get even more traffic.

Notice how often the media does this, the will build something or someone up, and then wait for them to implode, and tear them apart. 




 the sad part is it hasn't been obvious to a lot of people, including the media in the USA who has done zero critical thinking about anything Mars One says. 




 So what exactly do we do, and how should we get started? 




 Yea thats how I feel, it is so refreshing to see the progress being made, and after years of getting used to the leisurely to snail pase of NASA's R D, it is amazing and almost takes your breath away to see how fast SpaceX is developing new technology.  

Don't get me wrong, I love NASA, they are doing a lot of cool stuff, like [STEREO A and B](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/STEREO) (Where all our cool sun pictures come from), [Opportunity Rover](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Opportunity_\(rover\)), [Curiosity Rover](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curiosity_\(rover\)), [Dawn Ceres mission](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dawn_\(spacecraft\)), [Messenger Mercury mission](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MESSENGER), [Cassini Saturn Mission](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cassini%E2%80%93Huygens), [Juno Jupiter Mission](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juno_\(spacecraft\)), and the big one coming up in only a couple months, [New Horizons Pluto](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Horizons)!!! :D  and those are just the main active missions, there are tons that have come and gone in the last 5 years.   

But I feel like as of late they have been progressively been getting more and more starved for cash, and politics has been really affecting their ability to get things accomplished.  I hope that SpaceX pushing the limits will indirectly help NASA get out of the funk its in. 




 What do you mean?  I feel like bill gates made some huge revolutions in the technology market.  I feel like microsoft even though it is kind of clunky was the bridge between computers in the early 90's and the computer we have today.

Computers early 90s = No internet doesn't do much.

Computers today = internet, google earth, tablet computers, smartphones, indirectly the Ipod, and basically every other personal electronic.

Plus in the 90's computers were not that common and internet looked like a middle schooler made all the web pages.  Today virtually every household has a computer, and the internet is the place it is today.

I would say he had a huge impact.

 




 Yea I understand what you mean about it not quite being realistic but it had an accomplishable objective and it did it.  Mars One was just ridiculous. 




 Yea Mars 500 was just a case study of how people would handle the isolation and having to live with others for 500 days.  Mars One was actually saying they were going to set up a full out colony in 10 years.  Pretty rediculous 












































 Hello I came across [this 1973 Beetle](http://auto.mercadolibre.com.ec/MEC-406684146-volkswagen-escarabajo-1973-_JM) here in Ecuador.  I have been tossing around the idea of buying the car and driving it back to the USA as an awesome road trip, and also because it seems like a great deal.  

I am wondering what I am going to have to do to legally buy this car in Ecuador so that I can drive it on this road trip?  I am an American on a student visa if that affects anything.

I also found an excellent website detailing the logistics of the road trip part of the journey. http://wikioverland.org/Pan_American_Highway

Edit: I posted this over at /r/beetle here is the link to my other post http://www.reddit.com/r/beetle/comments/2y9zvb/interested_in_driving_beetle_from_ecuador_to_usa/ 




 Hello I came across [this 1973 Beetle](http://auto.mercadolibre.com.ec/MEC-406684146-volkswagen-escarabajo-1973-_JM) here in Ecuador.  I have been tossing around the idea of buying the car and driving it back to the USA as an awesome road trip, and also because it seems like a great deal.  

I wanted to know if anyone has any experience "importing" a classic beetle like this what kind of paper work will be necessary at the border?  Are there any issues I might not anticipate?  

I am mostly concerned with the logistic issues of getting it into the US and having it be street legal.  

Edit: Found an excellent website detailing the logistics of the road trip part of the journey. http://wikioverland.org/Pan_American_Highway

Edit2: I posted this over at /r/ecuador here is a link to the article over there.  http://www.reddit.com/r/ecuador/comments/2yamiv/comprando_un_coche_en_ecuador/ 




 Que pasaste al nombre del subreddit? y porque /r/puebla esta privada? 

























































































 http://i.imgur.com/3YbWIb4.png

Follow up are they dangerous to fly through/near? 




 Hey I am looking for this Bike https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=OjIhM-iuXTI 

Its pretty old 1976 I am just trying to see if anyone knows about it or has one.  









 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfoxjNg-eg0

They are getting this model glider up to some pretty ridiculous speeds, how are they doing it?  and what kind of maneuver are they flying?  its just hard to understand where the energy is coming from to accelerate the plane like this.  I understand it has to do with the way the wind is hitting the ridge, but i don't get what it is that is actually happening. 



























































 Hello I was commenting on a thread over in /r/Multicopter  and a dispute began about whether you are allowed to take aeriel pictures and sell them with a PPL.  I wanted to find a third party to decide who is right.  Here is a link to the thread.  
http://www.reddit.com/r/Multicopter/comments/2uykpp/fly_commercially_legal_with_this_multirotor_tether/cod7e07

/u/terrymr brings up some good points, and I was wondering what people here thought?  I was not aware of the FAA ruling mentioned in the last post.

Please help resolve this dispute.


Edit: I fixed Aerial /u/deadlyfalcon89.  Thanks for pointing out my atrocious spelling skills.  To bad I can't fix the title [\(facepalm\)](http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/001/582/picard-facepalm.jpg).
 




 I have been working on space planes lately, and i want to make a high capacity one, but i find every time i try to build the wing sections the game acts like i have a bunch of little wings real close together instead of one giant solid wing.  basically in the hanger it looks like a big solid wing, but when i go to fly one part of the wing will flex independently of another.  How do you get the game to recognize that all the wing panels are connected? 









 I have found a joystick, the Genius Maxfighter f-31u Vibration. But before I buy it I want to know if it will work with Mac? does anyone have experience with Genius joysticks? I have been looking online for drivers, but the only ones I can find are for PC. I am planning on using it to play Xplane10. Does anyone have any experience or suggestions? 




 I have found a joystick, the Genius Maxfighter f-31u Vibration. But before I buy it I want to know if it will work with Mac? does anyone have experience with Genius joysticks? I have been looking online for drivers, but the only ones I can find are for PC. I am planning on using it to play Xplane10. Does anyone have any experience or suggestions? 




 I have found a joystick, the Genius Maxfighter f-31u Vibration. But before I buy it I want to know if it will work with Mac? does anyone have experience with Genius joysticks? I have been looking online for drivers, but the only ones I can find are for PC. I am planning on using it to play Xplane10.  Does anyone have any experience or suggestions? 




 Sorry to be spamming the subreddit, but i have an update from my last question.  Amazingly I have found a joystick, the Genius Maxfighter f-31u Vibration.  But before I buy it I want to know if it will work with Mac?  does anyone have experience with Genius joysticks?  I have been looking online for drivers, but the only ones I can find are for PC.  Any suggestion?
 




 Hello I have gotten xplane10, but unfortunetally where i am right now there are zero joysticks available.  I am wondering if anyone has experience using a ps3 controller or other normal videogame controller on xplane10.  I am on a mac, fully updated to yosemite,  and have access to many different types of gaming controlers, just not a joystick.  Any tips or experience is much apreciated,  I would like to start flying, but that is impossible until i fins some sort of controller.  and dont want to go out just willy nilly buying controllers. 




 From the point of view of one of the objects, what would the other object look like when you pass it?  Each object is moving at 99% the speed of light, How would the blue shift and then redshift appear to the observer?  What Else Would happen?  


For fun what would happen if the two objects (lets say they are sun sized stars) were to hit directly head on during this encounter?  

Even more fun other celestial objects, like neutron stars, or planets? 









 When You pull out onto the runway and the pilot gives the engines take off power they make a very specific sound which I can only describe as the sound of a sports car or something. What causes the engines to make this noise?


http://youtu.be/AYnGQZplJEw?t=30s


I linked to a video of the sound. 














 So I enjoy reading, and I enjoy airplanes, I am reading "Fate is the Hunter" by Ernest Kellogg Gann.  It is a great book for anyone who hasn't read it.  I was wondering if anybody has found some other books that are interesting and about flying like Fate is the Hunter is?

Edit: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fate_Is_the_Hunter

Edit2: http://www.amazon.com/FATE-THE-HUNTER-Ernest-Gann/dp/0671636030 














 Elon Musk made a bet to get to mars http://spacexstats.com/#9  do you guys think he will make it to mars to win the bet?

Edit:In April 2009, Michael S. Malone revealed, while interviewing Elon Musk, that the two had a bet that SpaceX would put a man on Mars by "2020 or 2025". Musk has continued to reiterate this rough timeframe since. No pressure, Elon 




 Is it just me or does it seem like a lot of crimes in the USA that are not that serious require jailtime.  In light of the recent TIl about fathers not paying child suppor tgoing to jail, and the news about getting jail time for not being able to pay court fees, it is starting to seem like you can get sent to jail for some non violent crimes that really dont seem jail worthy.  Why does the USA send so many people to jail? 




 So I saw some stuff on the internet about electric airplanes, and i wanted to see what you guys thought.  It seems like they could be quite promissing if the price of batteries were to come down and range extended slightly.  what are your guyses thoughts?

http://evworld.com/news.cfm?newsid=28964

Here is an article about an electric Cessna, does anyone know what happened to it?  Are they still developing it? 
























