 I'm fairly sure Clark was supposed to be Jesus, not God. Neither really made sense to me though - I always saw him as Moses. 




 I want to say Stane, but his relationship with Stark wasn't developed enough and he turns into a Saturday morning cartoon villain at the end.   




 [It's a great one as well](http://imgur.com/a/L7zDu) 




 Neutral. The funny guy is always neutral.  




 I'd argue he's had some of the greatest artists - Miller, Maleev, Queseda, Mack, Lark, Aja, Samnee, Rivera and Romita JR (in his prime) to boot. 




 Stan Lee's was only really mediocre. Not his best work. 




 That 2Pac/James Brown mash-up! I love it. Shame it was misused in the actual film.  




 It was too early for this. The IMDb scores haven't settled yet.  




 From Dusk Till Dawn 




 Watchmen - a panel by panel adaption of the comics with the depth of the characters taken out and replaced with poor acting and an emotionless ending. Anything remotely clever in the movie is pegged from the comics, but there was cleverer stuff in there that they ignored. I dislike Snyder's visual style very much and the movie ended up looking like one of the numerous comic imitators of the 80s. Gilliam was right - it was unfilmable. 




 Nope, just look at the plethora of good Stephen King movies. 




 I think the final battle was flawed, but only because I found it ridiculously boring, not because of excessive property destruction. I would have liked to have seen Supes saving people though. 




 Y: The Last Man - it is my go to comic for proving that comics aren't for children or cape enthusiasts and don't have to be dark and edgy to be great. The characters are great and binge reading it reminds me of binge watching a season of an excellent TV show. The dialogue is smart and quippy and the plot - whilst a riff on a Mary Shelly novel - is quite original in this modern age.

I'd easily recommend it other one of Bryan K Vaughan's other works like Saga - which continuously falls into the trap of "we're allowed to do anything, so we shall." 




 It doesn't really get great until the Omniman twist, so I'd say read a bit beyond that.  




 Daniel Craig working with Chad Stahelski and David Leitch of John Wick 




 The dialogue is probably the only thing bringing it down or me (although I'd rather there were more Fantasy element). 




 His review of the Raid disappointed me as well. 




 First Class... 




 Iron Man 3 - I already enjoyed it the first viewing, but I didn't realise how great the character work in that movie was until it was pointed out to me. 




 I loved him in the Walking Dead.  




 Animal Farm (1954) holds up really well. It's not as good as the book, but is very faithful and as a result retains the intellegence of Orwell's writings. 




 After watching it, I get so many more references. 




 Toy Story 3 - not sure which is more emotional, the toys all accepting death as they enter the incinerator or when Andy realised he's too old for his toys and gives them away.  




 The dogfights in Serenity are absolutely beautiful, but his dialogue - whilst I am a fan of it - won't match SW's tone at all. 




 3.8 




 Ferris Bueller's Day Off 




 Another fun fact: Mysterio tricked Daredevil into thinking a newborn was the devil and it drove him nuts.  




 I'm quite find of a run from about a decade ago where he became a teacher. 




 The open ending gabe me an Empire Strikes Back vibe.  




 Emily Blunt 




 Unfortunately. Jeph Leob at his worst. 




 It's a toss up between Moon and Dredd. Both are underrated gems. 




  Physical. 




 Have you grown sick of it?

I love it, but I'm a but of a Matthew Vaughn fanboy so... 




 Oh.  I thought /u/JosephFurguson meant a comic. I love his comic work. 




 What work of his was rejected by Marvel/DC? 




 I'm not sure. For me, it's a toss-up between Fargo, True Detective and Hannibal. I wasn't a big fan of Fargo's convient ending TBH. 




 In related news: I hear Kelly Sue DeCormick is getting a TV show.  




 I don't get the "style over substance" argument. Film is a visual medium - style is substance. 




 To everyone who complained about her lack of action in the last act I say: she was pregnant. It would have been so difficult to make her do anything substantial. 




 It was probably a reference to whatever movie Star Wars nabbed it from. 




 Lord of the Rings - hear me out. I wasn't really enjoying it from the get-go, but I was watching it with a group of friends who kept insisting the next part of the trilogy was better. The films did get progressively better, but they still weren't *that* good. I was largely bored and uninterested in the characters, the only thing that really interested me was the lore. As a result, I felt like I wasted 9 hours on mediocre movies (and I know I could have skipped the last half-hour of Return of the King). I appreciate the love and hard-work that went into making them, it just didn't click with me.  




 It's cool. I was just saying I'd find one of those series getting a movie more interesting, the same way I'd find a Good Omens movie more appealing than a random YA novel that was enjoyable, but not that great. 









 I never thought Marvel had anything to do with the comics I mentioned - I was making a point about CBMs in general. 




 I agree with you on everything, but generalising CBMs. I agree that some people are getting tired of Superhero movies, but I bet those people would kill to see more movies like Sin City, The History of Violence and V for Vendetta (even the Zack Snyder movies I'm not a fan of).

There are so many great comics I'd rather see get an adaption than a C-list Marvel hero - I say this a massive Marvel Comics fan. I'd like to see Maus, East of West, Saga or Y: The Last Man come to the big screen before Ant-Man.  









 Prometheus doesn't even have a bad score. It's not as bad a movie as people make out. Still not great though.

Edit: I'm not too found of The Good Wife. Can I blame Ridley for that as well? 




 I actually think his writing is better when he has another creative (not writer) who can match him. I think Brad Bird is just the guy who can give us that. Though the trailer for Tomorrowland did nothing for me, Bird has made it my most anticipated film for the rest of the year (more so than Star Wars or Ant-Man). 




 I prefered the Goldeneye N64 game, but Sean Bean was great in that movie.  




 That movie looks kinda cool. 




 I agree that they had some great films, but the Craig films are so much more accessible for a modern audience. I love those movies, but most of them are quite dated and may seem kind of silly. I think that might off-put people. If they really enjoyed Casino Royale and Skyfall, they should backtrack to the Connery and Moore films (I don't like the Brosnan ones - the dialogue in them is pretty poor). 




 If you must watch any two, watch Casino Royale and Skyfall. Casino Royale is a well-crafted thriller set to a backdrop of an extremely high-stakes poker game and Skyfall is a beautifullly shot thriller  about a man rebuilding himself after a great loss. Both have great action setpieces and surprisingly decent character work, but what makes them really great is watching the world around Bond change and grow. 









 That's not remotely true. The anti-Marvel circlejerk is just as bad - maybe worse - than the pro-Marvel circlejerk. I don't even like those movies, but it annoys me to see them hated on it that way. 




 Do you have a photo of your Justice League? 




 Demon in a Bottle, Extremis, Armour Wars, Doom Quest and The Invincible Iron Man by Matt Fraction. 




 IMO, Glover is completely wrong for Miles. Not only is he far too old, but personality-wise, he's much more in line with Peter. I get that he's an actor, but I think Peter would be a much more natural fit. 




 It's been pretty unpopular the last few years. I can only think of two points in this century people cared about them and that's when Mark Waid and Jonathan Hickman wrote them (I wish more people read the Dwayne McDuffie run) 




 Every cameo could be our last. We just have to make the most of them. 




 Thor: The Dark World. That was a fucking pretty movie.  




 Try following [this](http://www.comicbookherald.com/the-complete-x-men-reading-order-guide-modern-marvel-comics-era/) on Marvel Unlimited (only reasonable way to do this). It's missing several notable series though. NYX, New Mutants (volume 2), New X-Men (volume 2) and Mike Carey's run on X-Men and X-Men Legacy come to mind. Other than that, it's pretty comprehensive. 




 Nope 




 Agreed. 




 Yep! 




 Nope.  




 * Neo-noir flavour
* Borderline heroes/antiheroes
* Subtle, but meaningful political messages 




 I watched John Wick with my Mum and she was in tears when the beagle died. 




 The Birds 




 Or Matt Fraction's. 




 All the Iron Man films are great at this. 




 Well it's not looking good for either of those two in the New 52 either. Superman is a Superdick and Batman is... Well...  




 A more personal event. Now that these movies are so successful, they can experiment more with different genres. If the Avengers were tasked with saving people from a giant wave, how would that affect them. Would they experience survivors guilt or would they keep moving onwards? 




 Good idea.

RemindMe! 1,100 days 




 Nope, but that was a very fun movie. 




 Jason, Heracules, Argus, Asclepius, Iolaus, Medea and Orpheus are just a few members of the forever rotating line-up. 




 Yes for the Incredibles, and no on Kick-Ass. I actually think it's his worst movie, but I still really enjoyed it though. 




 I don't think I can give an explanation that can rival some of the other users on this thread, but can I recommend John Ostrander's Suicide Squad run? It has a different team to the movie, but I think that's the vibe they're going for. It's surprisingly good and worth a read. 




 That'd be pulp fiction at its finest. 




 16 and it is a toss up between Matthew Vaughn and Brad Bird, but I have favourites for both. 




 Saving Private Ryan. 




 Not a movie, but the play Journey's End is a brilliant depiction of it. Read the script if it's not showing as it's fantastic. 




 You saw him get tired after doing a lot of running. I liked that. 




 It is Phase 2. Some officials have said so. 




 Why wouldn't you include Ant-Man? 




 I think Quicksilver died because of licensing issues, not becauee he'd be too OP for Civil War. 




 Probably because they're poor ensemble movies. Even First Class, only really gave decent focus to three characters. 




 I'm confused as to why people think he's confusingly redundant. It probably has something to do with the fact he has no powers, which is to ignore the fact he's the team's tactician and has fought (and defeated) gods by himself. 




 [Unless it's the one where he releases a miniature version of himself from his palm. That one's awesome.](http://goodcomics.comicbookresources.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/newpower3.jpg) 




 Yeah, Supes is Invincible, but that doesn't make him boring - bad writing makes him boring. The best Superman stories involve moral conflict over his actions or the impact his presence has on other people. The bad ones just have him punch stuff for 22 pages.  




 That's disappointing. This is probably my favourite bit of the movie, yet they've revealed it before the majority of their audience has watched it. 




 The Winter Soldier has more relavance to the plot of Age of Ultron if that influences your decision. 




 Plotwise, The Winter Soldier is miles away from the comic arc, but it perfectly nailed the comic's tone. 




 If the same script for Inglourious Basterds was interpreted by the actors slightly differently, that movie would be terrifying. 




 Goodfellas, Casino and The Wolf of Wall Street 




 Interstellar and WALL*E 




 I read it this weekend and loved every page, except the ones with Tom Foster. 




 It was kind of forgettable. It was just a really heavy-handed excuse to get people to side with the Hulk. World War Hulk is a great story and worth a read (along with Pak's other Hulkcules works). 




 World War Hulk 




 So we'll find out who Danvers is played by this tike next year, probably. I'm excited to see more Josh Brolin. He's a fantastic actor with a great screen presence. Even in his more minor roles, he's almost always the most memorable character. 




 I hope they do more Marvel Colours books. They were the best retellings Marvel has done. I hope they do an Iron Man: Silver or a Fantastic Four: Purple.  




 Is it me or are Iceman, Spider-Man and The Human Torch all the same person? 




 In the comics, weren't the Chitari just a Skrull crime family? 




 Yes and I'm saying Marvel Studios, Warner Brothers, Fox and Sony need to mix it up much more.

You can either make Wonder Woman a boring, female Superman or you could create a Game of Thrones-style fantasy world for her to inhabit and have her face a more personal threat.  




 I think the big problem here is that there isn't much on screen variation between movies. They're mostly pretty similar. If you read the comics, you'll know there's so much more that can be done in the genre than is being done in the films. 




 This has happened in TV. Before The Office, having a laugh track was the norm and now shows with laugh tracks - typically - aren't considered as great. 




 I think it's crucial to show superheroes actually saving people. I think it's kind of a "save the cat" moment. Age of Ultron does it surprisingly well. 




 The few friends of mine who read comics IRL thibk it's great. I think it completely slowed down the Bendis era (my favourite Avengers run), but set the Avengers in a interesting direction afterwards. 




 The whole DnA saga deserves a read. I'd say he should Definately read Thanos (2003-2004) and Annihilation a read first. 

[Here's a pretty decent reading order](http://i.imgur.com/FUM3v.jpg) 




 Astonishing X-Men. It's written by Joss Whedon (writer-director of Age of Ultron) and drawn by John Cassaday (who Disney had enough faith in to allow him to draw Star Wars). It features lots of quirky one-liners, great characters and a very similar team dynamic. It's 24 issues, then a Giant-Sized special.


If you have Netflix, I recommended giving Firefly a watch. It has far more in common with Age of Ultron than you'd think (beyond Joss Whedon). It's 14 episodes, then a two-hour movie. 

Edit: I feel the need to explain myself - despite, the fact no-one has explained why they disagree with me. Astonishing X-Men is the comic equivalent to Age of Ultron (which I've seen). It includes heavy themes, but handles them with genuinely funny humour and has a well-balanced cast of characters that is so perfectly Joss Whedon. There is no comic that comes closer to replicating the feeling of Age of Ultron in my opinion and frankly, it's better than a lot of other comics recommend here. Yes, it does star the X-Men, but it should still excite you so much more for the film than reading the (equally great) Hickman run as it's closer to what you should expect from the film.  The same goes for Firefly.  




 Or the first to show what a bad mother fucker Thanos is. 




 Sorry, but I think Fox own the Phalanx. 




 It's an Archie Comics reference, yes. 




 Shaft, starring Michael Cera. 




 Throw in Spider-Woman and you've got a badass team. 




 I thought she was 19 in the Ultimate Universe. 




