 Steve Nash is a good example. 




 She is such sweetie! 




 go to jail. 




 Because you do not want to be embarrass yourself in front of your boss or girlfriend.

And what is the NSA really going to use the information for?
 




 Doubled-major. 




 This should be in the WTF. 




 The Nazi. 




 If you look at the UK Royal Mail and Canada Post, there is a huge privatization scheme in both countries.  However, the privatization schemes are the direct results when you get conservatives to rule.  

The people who live in rural areas have to most lose if the post office get privatized because the corporations will significantly increase the price of rural deliveries.  And I read somewhere that UPS and Fed Ex rely on the postal service to deliver in some remote rural areas because it is out of UPS and Fed-Ex's area of service.  




 Steve Stockman makes Jon Cornyn look like a progressive. 




 He should be charged with 4 counts of involuntary manslaughter. 




 Yeah, he was definitely scandalous.
 




 Bad combo. Shit it will make paranoid and anxious.
 




 It was the perfect poison pill of the right. 




 Success in blogging really depends on profession and issue.  If I had a CPA license, I could blog about tax issues and perhaps, that would get me a  job with a local CPA firm if I talked about my blog.  Since my specialty requires a clean criminal background and I do not have clean criminal background, it really difficult to use blogging to get a job. 




 Okay, how about this? Go talk to your conservative neighbors if you live in GOP district ( I am registered to vote in GOP district in Cali, but I live in a Dem house district in Cali)  and ask them why they support this GOP obstructionism? Ask them whether it does the country any good? 




 Congressional idiots won't extend unemployment benefits for another 3 Months! That means that I will have line up with the boys at Labor Ready or take a telemarketing job. Ugh! 




 Stupid liberal BS run amokl. 




 My buddy is the Manager of that store,. 




 Maybe, we should have intervened in Libya. 




 That was bad! Real Bad! 




 This is a travesty of justice.  She should gotten fiveteen years in prison for her crime. 




 I think the article is bit misleading because a lot of people that I know have not replaced watching TV for different hobbies.  I think people have switched to watching videos online as part of Netflix, Hulu Plus, and Bitorrent (which is illegal).  Also, people use DVRs now and watch TV at later dates.  The Nielsen ratings do not capture these statistics and therefore, they are understating how many people are actually watching broadcast or cable TV. 




 It is probably because it is now legal, so cops are going to look for it more often.  The cops are probably expecting that there will be spike in the recreational use of the drug because it is easier to access now. 




 Check these groups:

http://www.meetup.com/OC-HIKING-com/
http://www.meetup.com/Orange-County-Sierra-Singles-20s-30s-40s/
 




 Why are people fighting to get the death penalty when the death penalty is name only in California? I just do not get it. 




 I do not like all of the social conservative talk.  I personally favor same-sex marriage and I hate all of the "family value" when it comes to homophobia especially when same sex couples are trying to form family units that the social conservatives value.

I can totally understanding when it comes to abortion when abortion is considered to be "abortion of convenience" and there is real no health justification for it.  I am beginning to oppose abortion in all cases where it is considered to be a "abortion of convenience" instead of health reasons or the women has drastic circumstances that make her to get an abortion. I am pro-choice but only for health cases or the mother is dire circumstances where having a child is not considered to be a feasible option. 




 If you think he is bad, want until DeBlazo gets full power.  He far more interventionist than Bloomberg ever was. 




 Engaging in massive austerity cuts is engaging in the circular firing squad. 




 What is the problem with this?  This is how most German companies run their company. 




 Most of Americans really do not care about their privacy. The ones that really care about their privacy generally try to limit their exposure to social networking as much as possible. 




 Socialism run amok. 




 That is why I stay away from doing it.   




 If it was not for the Obamacare fiasco, these guys would have no chance in 2014 after all of the foolish moves that they made in 2014.  Than Obamacare fails and the GOP is viable again. 




 My uncle is a professional photographer/videographer, Tim Keeler, with over 30+ years of experience.  He also teaches full-time at ROP in Whitter Unified.

Please PM me if you are interested if you want to contact him for a gig. 




 Even though he did the right thing.  It is still a major felony to illegal use your credentials to access information that you did not have access to. 




 I am sorry, that makes his crime a felony. 




 (http://www.peterleeson.com/Does_the_Market_Self_Correct.pdf) 




 The reality is that market does not "self-correct". It takes both investment from both the government and private sector to grow business.  

How is the private sector supposed to "self-correct" a horrendous labor participation rate?  If the market was to "self-correct" the labor participation rate, we would still see significant downward pressure on wages which would lead to greater inequity in the economy.  Greater inequity in the economy eventually leads to reduced consumer spending .  It is all a vicious cycle that will not end until we do something about income inequality.  Until the government changes the tax laws to incentivize companies from stopping hoarding cash, you are not going to see any future investment  




 That is invasive form of privacy violation.
 




 Go the Four Star Theater on 12111 Valley View Street, Garden Grove, CA -

(http://tinyurl.com/k35pzwt)

The movie plays for $4 tomorrow. 




 It is an election year. So  it should be expected that they would not be in session as much. 




 I think it is showing that sequester properly work. 




 How about the United States? 




 I think there is a place off Garden Grove Blvd and Harbor BLvd. It is called Mary's Hair Salon and they charge like $6 dollars and give real good #2 haircuts. (Note:They are not opened on Sunday)

(The address is approximately is 12101 Garden Grove Blvd, Garden Grove, CA 92843   




 They would even do this to white women? 




 The GOP surrenders its war own on Obamacare and agrees to massive tax hikes on the super wealthy. 




 Nope. Just at a meeting. 




 Maybe, that is why the AOL exec is firing a large part of the workforce on Patch. 




 Who is going to believe this guy? Not me. 




 If the bus runs later than 15 minutes, than you need to find an oral complaint with the OCTA about that specific route coming late. If runs more than 15 minute late three times in a month, then you need to file a formal written complaint. with the OCTA.  If it runs more than five times late in a month, then you need to physically appear at the next OCTA board of directors meeting and write a formal written letter to the OC Register about the bus system running late.  (And believe the OC Register is willing take to report any story about the governmental inefficiency) 




 I hate the route 43 bus going south at night. It is always damn late.  Also, the 56 can be also infamously late if you take it certain times at night. 




 Maybe you should go to NA before you decide to get some pussy. There is a lot of personal flaws within you that the steps would clean up. 




 You can try to Sourceforge.  They are always looking for people to help out with coding projects. 




 Wow, I stay busy all day with answering ads.   




 Another method that I use to get news fast is type into Google:
is "Twitter" + the name of the news source that you want to get.

The Twitter feed is real fast way to scroll through the headlines to get the stories that you need to know. 




 use this link to get your news
http://reddit.com/r/news/new
http://reddit.com/r/worldnews/new
http://reddit.com/r/politics/new
http://reddit.com/r/science/new
http://reddit.com/r/technology/new
 




 With this Congress, I bet we that we fall over the cliff because nothing that Obama will do will make the teabaggers happy. 




 Good shit! 




 This is just pure jackassery. 




 He is a crook who bankrupt the city for so his and his cronies could get rich. 




 Yep, how about 30 years in jail for that offense. 




 What is so sinful about caffine? There is a lits of "pious" Christians who are coffee junkies. 




 Go on Craigslist.  They are dumping the I-Phones like crazy. 




 Solution: Take the 83 to Disneyland if you live near Main Street. 




 The war that never ends.  




 Look, the Greek government has  a terrible record on tax collection. Seizing private property is merely a way from them to collect the unpaid tax revenue from wealthy private individuals.  Part of the reason why the Greek government is in so much debt is because the government has a horrible rate of collecting taxes from private individuals and governments. 




 It seems there is a never ending struggle with the Muslim Brotherhood and the Egyptian government.  The government just has no idea had to legislate a free speech law that allow the Muslim Brotherhood to have  press freedom, but also properly restricts their activities in order to protect the Egyptian national security interests of the government. 




 Oh wow! They are bunch of creeps in Cali doing 400+ years to life for crimes for worse than these guys did. If these guys were in the US, they would be on death roe. 




 A year on jail should teach them a lesson  




 What a nut bag! Our money spent on oil directly goes funnels crap like this. 




 Go to LA Decom tonight. It is $25 and there will be a lot of people spinning music. In addition, you can probably hear about some cool afterparties through word of mouth.  




 My roommate is a good mechanic.  PM me and I will you give his contact information. 




 Creepy 




 It is her failure to understand the consequences of her disease and failure to seek out. I think one of the major issues that should have been brought up at sentences was whether there was attempts to get her into a treatment program. If the evidence shows that nobody personally intervened to get her into treatment, this would be a major migitation factor. Once an alcoholic has been offered the opportunity to get treatment, the responsibility is on them to get treatment. It is also their job to remain sober. However, untreated alcoholism without the chance of treatment to me is a considered to be a major migitating circumstance on a criminal case 




 This is considered to be a torture and deserves a life sentence. 




 Good idea. It would be good to have somebody to clean up the county jail mess.   




 The one thing I dreaded about the Santa Anas is sweeping up all of the leaves off my landlord's drive way tomorrow.
 




 If you take the toll road, it will be expense.  The toll road is very helpful for cutting time from a commute from Costa Mesa to Dana Point at night.
I remember it shaved a lot of time off my commutes. 




 I hope she wins, but it is long shot.  It depends how much of the vote that she can get from the Latino, African-American votes, and young, white voters.  If these groups turn out in high numbers despite Texas voter ID laws, she has a possible shot of winning. She needs to focus on these groups than trying to win the middle-class and upper-class white votes.  In Texas, winning a majority of white vote for a Dem is  just not to going to happen for a long, long time. 




 Perhaps, it will teach us not use nuclear power anymore because nuclear power is just too risk with potential pollution from nuclear power accidents 




 What we need is better methods of behavioral-modification therapy than relying so much on drugs.   




 The tea party will be pissed off and be full revolt. You cannot negotiate with those hostage takers. 




 It is stupid legislature that does not allow people to have a break on their driver's license once they have been clean and sober for a long time. After ten years clean, it should be off your record for good. 




 I would definitely choose Costa Mesa because its close to a ton of bars within walking distance and very close to the beach. 




 He is a cruel idiot.  Doesn't he understand the globalization has caused significant youth unemployment? 




 There is $2 movies at the Main Place. 




 Here is a reason why socialism that does not work. 




 I wonder if the end of nuclear power is upon us. 




 Should he just get life in prison or term of years less than life? It just seems to be some sort of political revenge by the ruling party and this guy had  a secondary role to the crisis.   




 He draws his (very small market) from using resentful language towards the conservative right.  Just like Savage does except for Savage gets a far bigger audience than Malloy gets because conservative talk radio appeals towards far more people and is more fiscally viable than left-wing talk radio.   




 For conservatives, Mike Malloy is the Michael Savage of the left.  He takes no prisoners and makes no compromises with conservatives.  Michael Savage is just as bad as Malloy.

 




 Is bad enough that she needs to get some help like outpatient treatment? 




 YOu mean this fire

http://losangeles.cbslocal.com/2013/09/28/small-brush-fire-erupts-on-hillside-in-san-juan-capistrano/ 




 Look I am white guy that has lived or goes through Santa Ana almost every day. I shop at the local Walmart over Harbor and McFadden.  I use to live off Euclid and First and go downtown all the time.

Never once I was threated.  Sure, my phone was stolen when I left it on the bus, however, that would be expected in any major urban portion of the OC where people are struggling.

Personally, I believe that most of the danger is largely dependent on who associate with Santa Ana.  If you associate or family with gang-bangers or drug-users, you should expect your fair share of violence.  However, it is my  experience that there is little violence as long you do not associate with gangbangers. 




 If you read the Republican talking points, you hear about them bringing insurance across state lines.  Yeah, like letting big healthcare companies move their insurance to the least regulated states.  That is such a dumb idea. 




 They also have gone after Bank of America pretty bad as well. But nobody has gone to jail for the financial crisis? My question:why? 




 Why cannot the principles of free market be used?  




 Kinda of dumb. 




 I just think Common Core is a stupid approach to take away the individual district's ability to design and make the lesson plan to wishes of the voters.   




 Why is this nation try limit free speech? Please.  Most people who support gun rights are not criminals and do not want go out kill massive amounts of people.  It is the insane people who are the people that ruins the right of legitimate gun owners. 




 So you want violent criminals to get out less than 85% time served?  That is major driver in why offenders stay in jail so long. 




 San Clemente. Little beachside community that is pretty good. 




 What is the current status of the dog? 




 At least the Tea Party group is unqualified 




 Yes, they are unfit to govern. 




 Do you have any accounting positions? 




 You can also try Labor Ready to get work. 




 If you need a quick job, go to AGR on 1540 E Warner Ave  Santa Ana, CA 92705.  It is telemarketing, but it at least it will pay the bills for the short-term if you can sell well. 




 There is a lot of factory jobs out there.  There is a Global Cash Call that has a customer service representative position available.  Just call the OC One Stop in Westminister to find out when they are hiring. 




 Mission Viejo Lake is another good spot or any place in Mission Viejo is good because there are tons of hills in Mission Viejo. 




 Santa Ana River Creek Trail is a good spot.  You can run for several miles along the trail. 




 Personally, I have no problem with this execution.  This guy killed three people already and shows no remorse for human life.  




 Maybe, that will expose the scam that is Pat Robertson that we knew all of these years. 




 I think that Obama is getting a lot of pressure from the neo-conservative camp to do something on Syria and he wants to follow Clinton's footsteps in terms of limited intervention in foreign entanglements where whole-scale massacres of innocent people.  However, the Iraq War has permanently discredited the US use of force in foreign entanglements even the if the use of force was limited.  If Obama wanted to truly intervene the proper way, he should have gave arms to rebels a long time ago and sent special forces as advisors for training the rebels. I think that is better use of military resources than limited strikes that could potential escalate the war. 




 That is just the military zealots try to agree on a policy that is fail to implement.  I am sorry, but the Iraq War now has limited this type of intervention because you fools screwed up in Iraq and the inherent risk of the US bungling up another major operation is too high compared to have the benefit of what effect to Assad that it would have. 




 We need to allow property owners to fully compensated for their property.  The government is not trying to save the land for environmental reasons, but rather it trying to use the land for border protection. In those cases, the government shall compensate the owner of the land at least 50% of the assessed property's value. 




 Do these goons every understand the concept of "privacy" in international affairs?  It just seems all they snoop around in other people's business and do not allow foreign governments to act in privacy especially when their actions do not result in a national security threat to the US. 




 When I was working the government, they did not state that you needed take a drug test and that was DOD about eleven years ago.  However, I am not sure whether your organization would drug test as part of that individual organization's policy for drug testing.  However,  a public trust clearance does ask you whether you used dope within the last seven years as part of the questionnaire.  You could always and get away with it, but part of the reason that they put you through the background check is to verify your honesty. 




 Amazon Goddess! 




 She looks like pure white trash, but hot white trash. 




 IT just seems a scapegoat in order to really distract people from criticising the government and lead an uprising against Putin. 




 He must be high on some kind of drug. Only addicts do stupid stuff like that. 




 Are you single WO boyfriend? 




 The high-speed train to nowhere. 




 This is complete BS, Obama! 




 More example of the imperial police state. 




 There are plenty ways to learn how to hustle.  You just have to have the willingness to do so.

Hustling in this case means hustlings to get a job in your profession which means you try to sell yourself to other people within your profession even if it is technical field.

I do not hustle for jobs because I am a little bit fearful, too hesistant and I got to deal with my recovery as well.  In addition, I have to rely on the bus system (which is fairly reliable where I live, but takes a long time to get around on).  I am starting to realize that I have to hustle for a job, but I have to break my fear and willin 




 Nope.  Still like Hotel California 




 At least, you in a country with socialized medicine and country that cares of its people better than this country does. 




 Most Gulliable. 




 Drug Dealing 




 That is funny.  Most of the religious people that are still very religious in my life tend to be quite moderate to moderate conservative in their religious practices.  They might have some political beliefs that  I cannot stand, but in most part, I do not know that any of my friends are real social ultraconservatives that are portrayed in progressive websites. 




 Getting a damn job in my field, no matter how low the pay is and getting off unemployment.  That would be the best thing.   




 Telemarketers  




 Drunk Driving. Many times. 




 You Cannot Do That on Television on Nickelodon, Thundercats, and Looney Toons (lots and lots of Looney Toons) 




 It comes from the AP. 




 how this is spam?
 




 That is a violation of free speech. 




 Repeal Truth In Sentencing laws and bring back parole for first-time violent offenders.  That is one way to reduce prison population.

Bring back federal parole for drug offenders and non-violent offenders.  




 That I have autism and that I need to learn how to manage my disablility and to avoid alcohol for the rest of the life. 




 I guess that I need to start to keep an open-mind to conservative principles.
 




 What ever happened to division called internal affairs?
 




 Rat bastards! 




 Personally, I knew people who in my social network who spew anti-Obama stuff, but I personally are wonderful and very nice people.  A lot of Christians that I know are very spiritual and really love God with all of their hearts.

I think that the media poisons the debate and makes charactures out of both liberals and conservatives.  Unless you know people personally really well that hold those views, sometimes the sterotype persists especially when you spend all of our time hanging out with one type of people.

People follow the echo chamber so much (including myself) and do not realize that reality is far different than the echo chamber that exists on the left.  Not all of right-wing and left-wing talk hosts reflect the craziness.  There is a lot of thoughtful conservative talk radio hosts (like Michael Medev) or Thom Hartmann who is a liberal talk show host.  I think Rachel Maddow and Chris Hayes are very thoughful people as well. 

Not everybody that you hear on the radio is bombastic, but the people are the bombastic tend to drive the highest ratings and advertising dollars.  The funny is that the most crazy guy on the left, Mike Malloy, gets rejected even though Mike Malloy is often right.
 




 I do not understand why people learn to calm down and not have resentment.  As a member of UU, I might disagree with the FRC policies, but the people of the FRC are people with families and love our country.  We have radically different views over the abortion and other policy views, but we should never disrepect one another.  . 




 How backwards do these people get?  




 Okay, let's return to the day of purtians. 




 Do these guys realize that endless war is what led to the Sequester because they blew up the defense base budget by spending on wasteful wars? 




 The first step is drop possesion of all major drugs that is under 10 grams to a simple mismedmeanor from a felony. 




 She was very rude and disruptive.  Personally, I agree with Code Pink stands, but I disagree with their tactics which I find quite annoying. 




 Why do you have to judge somebody just because the person like booze? Not everybody that loves to drink has a problem with booze.  Instead, AA tells us that we should not judge people on whether they want to drink or not. 




 This belong in -news seciton. 




 If I were a judge, I would throw out the case and state it was excessive sentencing because the offender did not engage in the production of child porn.  Since the counts only involved the viewing of child pornography without any prior offenses, the sentence is unjustfied and the person needs to be sentenced to a term of years not to exceed 20 years and subject to lifetime supervision as a sex offender. 




 He should be jailed 25 to Life for his crime. 




 The Supreme Leader just wants a stooge to be in power and he cannot tolerate any dissent even it was from a fellow conservative zealot. 




 Well, flooding the market with inflated money will have its consequences.  Bernarke did it at moderate pace and therefore, we have not seen the effects of the tidal wave yet, but Japan might reap the consequences of excessive liquidity in the market. 




 What happened to hope and change.  Instead, this administration is bent on increasing the power of executive government that is similar to the Bush administration. 




 Just give them weapons and stay out of conflict. 




 In the US, that could get you a life sentence. That is very generous sentence considering how many people that he killed. 




 Why is adultery is still a crime? 




 These are the same people who try to pass a law that it made it easier to increase the influence of religion over the government. 




 If the victims want truth-in-sentencing, develop a state sentencing commission and then create significantly lower sentences for all crimes except for child rape, aggravated forcible rape, and first-degree murder.  Offenders would only get 15%-25% off their sentences and  victims would know exactly how long the offender is serving in prison without seeing a huge increase in overcrowding because stiff sentencing requirements.  In addition, people that commit serious violent habitual felonies more than two times are locked on life sentence without parole subject to governor's ability to commute the sentence to a terms of years if the prisoner shows extraordinary merit and rehabilitation of mind,body, and soul 




 There is needs to be a state-wide law prohibiting cities from shutting down dispensaries.  Until the state creates mandatory requirements from each city in terms of regulating dispensaries, this issue will keeping going on.  It comes to unfounded fear about crime and illegal activity.  Cops should stop raiding marijuana facilties and instead of spending time trying to bust people who drive stoned.  The fact is that you should right to smoke unless you get behind a wheel and cause an accident.  Driving while impaired is far bigger problem than people just trying to smoke to relieve some tension or pain in their body. 




 Read more  at http://www.dailypilot.com/news/tn-dpt-me-0519-fatal-crash-20130518,0,5383089.story.  It was a fatal crash. 




 The OC/LBC area.  The only problem is that housing costs are real expensive. Otherwise, OC is far more cleaner than LA and has plenty of good shopping centers (especially Fashion Island and South Coast Plaza) . Plus the best beaches in Socal.   The only other downside of OC is that a lot of people are snobs and quite conservative in politics.  




 Don't live there any more. 




 Stupid GOP problems in South County. 




 What a nutbag! 




 Good, he is a very evil man who undermines the entire pro-choice movement.  I hope they nail his ass and give him the needle. 




 Wasting resources on issues that do not exist.  They should have tax cheats that dodge tax loopholes than groups devoted to free speech. 




 Isn't that enough to give him life and end the case. 




 If you make more than the President, there is something wrong with this issue  




 This obviously is turning into a political witch hunt. 




 Because it dilutes talent and we get perennial losers teams that have no talent.   




 More Austerity measures? Isn't the track record that austerity does not have any positive short term effects 




 If she wants to continue in rehab, she should be taking Tanex which is alternative to adderall.  Believe me I was hooked on adderall for years, but I went on Tanex and no longer was hooked.  All rehabs and sober living approve that drug and does provide a mild buzz especially at 2MG and 3MG. 




 Nice bong. 




 Why should they even care?  If they are covered and shielded their nudity away from the bible-thumpers, they should not care.  The reality is that people need to get over trying to impose their morality on external forces that they do not control or have no harm to. 




 Well, than she should just commit suicide her in cell if that how is she feels about life because I would not give her the death penalty.  I give her as they state in West Virginia law "life without mercy".
 




 The best way to get hold of the EDD is to e-mail them.  I got a response back within one to three days of e-mailing the EDD.

(https://askedd.edd.ca.gov/asp/frmEDDCOMM.aspx)
 




 Just classify marijuana as a Schedule 2 drug like Adderall. Than, the government can tightly regulate the proper use of the drug and prevent sham prescriptions. 




 Try the wanted section on Craigslist or the barter section.  You might some people that would like to give away some rocks or willing to barter something in exchange. 




 Try to meetup.com to meet people.  There is a lot of different groups that do stuff and a good way to meet friends. 




 That is why we need more active, regulatory regime that provides the flexibility to employers, but also cracks down on those who break the rules. Right now, we have neither one of these things. 




 Not all people believe in big government. He should said to people beware of those who make false statements or believe in conspiracy theories.

 




 That was a good laugh. 




 I rely on my intellect to try to believe in God.  So far it has not worked well and my intellect tells me that God might not exist. 




 I do not support freeloaders who take public transportation.  The reality is that the public transit system needs it revenue and it is not a "free" ride. 




 Believe me. I was in jail last week and we had five suspects come in last week that ended up in the drunk tank.  They do enforce those drunk checkpoints 




 Schools First is a very good one. 




 The weather is cooling down significantly. By tommorow, it will be cloudy and the weather should aid in stopping the fire. 




 This guy was my DUI class back in July 2012. Trippy! 




 There is still the local news and OC Weekly to rely on the news, and KPCC  




