 People who put raisins in cake should be prosecuted by cake courts.   




 That's a solid vice. 




 I'm literally at work. 




 That took a lot, didn't it? 




 Two for cake. 




 Nice.  I like it.  I have one of the flagship year Mazdaspeed 3's but I'm not super into fixing it up...probably b/c I live in a city and almost never drive. 




 What kind of cake? 




 Books! Now I'm picturing Johnny-5 tearing up a library, shaking a bit from the large dose of books. 









 That is a proper full sentence.  Please learn English, bot. 









 You're doing great! 




 Bruce Banner   




 I got in trouble for throwing an apple core into a heavily wooded apple on school property because I was "littering."  It isn't literally littering.   




 Who orders soda?  Beer please. 




 ( ) 




 /r/fatpeople is also decent 




 I thought it was all the obese mods being butthurt. 




 I can just crush arugula.  It's a vegetable.   




 TIFU

The titles are always misleading that anyone can relate to.

TITLE: "TIFU by going to the grocery store"

TEXT: "I walked around with my cart of groceries, texting, and didn't see the guy on the ladder who I bumped into causing him to fall and knock over a case of soda!"

REALITY: You fucked up by bumping into some dude because you weren't paying attention.  The fuck up was NOT going to a grocery store. 




 It was so *underground* then! 




 I think you're beautiful! 9.5/10 




 Will a hipster still buy its album? 




 Hi. I spent 4 years in the Navy.  During this time, I was required to do a lot of swimming for my job and I also did long distance running (halfs   fulls) in my spare time.  I also lifted heavy.  

Generally gains   distance do not go well together.  I found it almost impossible to keep on weight from lifting.  I was eating A LOT and still, weight would just fall off. I'd be waking up several hours before a race to consume a crap load of high hypoglycemic carbs to fuel throughout the run and dumping on proteins afterwords.

If you're going to prepare for this, know that you will likely lose mass.  On a side note; it's not very good for your joints to carry a lot of mass when doing distance.   




 Beautiful. Fit. Tall? 10/10. 




 Good one. 




 You do not look 19.  Currently 6/10.
Some suggestions: Your skin looks dry.  Try cocoanut oil, this might help you look closer to your age too.  You look sad.  Smiling, even if it's forced, makes us happy.  Try it.  And don't just smile with your mouth, smile with your eyes.   




 Do you actively seek a girlfriend?  What kind of girls are you going for? 




 9/10 - so hot. 




 The odds of me contracting a severe STD, based off of the demographics that I date, are roughly 1 in 100,000.  I'll take those odds.  How's your personality treating ya?  Can't get a bf but you're not fat or ugly?  Good luck with that. 




 Haha, yea man, thanks. Keep being awesome! 




 Dude, when I was your age I used to think of all these things I could do to look older.  Be patient really is a virtue and it *will* pay off.  

I'm m31 living in NYC. I didn't stop growing until I was like 24 and didn't get my true confidence until maybe 27 but now, it's like I can have any girl I want. I love it.

Keep up the gym, stay active, stretch and above all, just believe in yourself - life can get SO awesome! 




 6.5.   




 You look very young and as a fellow young looking late bloomer I can affirm that you can definitely benefit from this later in life.  7/10. Get in shape and you'd be more like a 9. 




