 Do you ever have tea in a Chinese restaurant?  If you like that, it is typically an oolong.  If you like coffee, I'd recommend an Assam or even a breakfast tea.  If a friend wanted to get into teas, I'd start with oolongs and jasmine greens as they are the most taste friendly for starting.  
There are lots of decent black teas out there. Harny and Sons has some decent ones, Twinings is a UK standard and is pretty good too. I love their Prince of Wales tea. It is strong but still has nice subtle notes. And their Irish and English breakfast teas are very nice. Strong, but tasty. And try a decent darjeeling if you get a chance too. They are very unusual teas with a lot of subtle flavors. 




 To me it looks metallic. I think either you are not using filtered water and you are seeing the sediment like you do in an iron, or there is metal in the clay and it is showing up now.  




 I don't understand the foofy strainers. Strainers have one function, to give you a nice cupa. A product that forgets that main goal and worries more about style is not for me.  It looks nice though. 




 On the other hand, the Great Lake Alliance may be the strongest alliance. We'd even let Lake Champlain call themselves a great lake then. 




 He has the firecrackers to get through the blow stuff up phase, moving to the sending stuff up to blow up, and soon graduating to combining firecrackers and bottle rockets to blow stuff up in the air, just because. 




 There are so many things wrong with this picture. 




 I recently bought 3 teas from Dragon Tea House.  I ended up giving the other 2 Yunnan's away and I've had mixed feelings about their Wild leaf tea.  It is incredibly mild, almost to the point of no taste. I filled my strainer about 1/3 of the way with tea, and put it in freshly boiled water. Has anyone had better luck with their company? 




 TWG has some of the nicest high end teas I have ever seen.  But you can spend over 700US for 50g of some of their tea.  I also use Yunnan Sourcing and have found their teas to be way above average. I am waiting on a delivery of their spring teas. 




 Most Chinese restaurants I go to server Oolong.  You could even ask at the restaurants if they sell their tea.  Most places I go to will sell boxes to customers.  The great thing is, most restaurants do not use high quality tea so you should have a lot of growth potential in your tea tastes.  Every brew method will give you a different taste. 




 When I get to work I make a travel mug (16oz) of black tea. Typically a Dian Hong, although I bring my Taiwanese black teas in to mix things up sometimes.  If I make a 2nd cup, I typically use the leaves over and just pour the hot water over the leaves instead of filling the cup and putting the strainer in after.  




 T2Tea's Grand Yunnan. I bought 50g in their shop when I was working in Melbourne. Before I left I bought 100g more because it was the most amazing tea I had ever tried.  
After that, my wife or kids would order some for a Christmas present. I think my last order was a crop from a new year and the taste was significantly more mild. I ran out of the last bag of that about 1 month ago.  
TWG's best Dian Hong is very close if not better than T2Tea's Grand Yunnan, but I just happened upon it going through Singapore airport and I only got 50g 




 Sorry, I should have been more specific too. Any Black/Red Yunnan teas.They have some teas that look very interesting but I am worried they will be like Origins Tea and be fairly mediocre. Any input would be appreciated. 




 I guess I should mention, I am not, nor ever have been, involved in unions in any way. I am a systems analyst for industrial software applications. I have also never taken any money from the gov in unemployment or disability, nor has my wife, nor have my kids. I work with both management and union workers in my job. I have spent the last 5 years launching new software around the world. My job does not leave me much time to do touristy things, but I do get to meet the people and have lots of time to talk to them about their country. It is something I am very interested in when I travel. For the most part I am very non political when I am out of the country and I avoid arguments regardless of how strong I feel about a topic.  
I am there professionally to teach them new software, but I am there personally to learn about them and their country. 




 I see your agreements, but you seem to disregard how those policies manifest themselves. It manifests itself quite clearly in those countries.  
Linking to possibly the closest we have in the US to the National Enquirer, Murdoch's Daily Mail and next to The Economist as the most corporate/free market magazine; Forbes, tells me where you validate your opinions and why your opinions are what they are.  
Have you actually been to any of the BRIC countries? Everyone I worked with wanted out. The most common question I get is; how do I get a job with corporate in the US? There is no safety. Your life and your families lives are at constant risk.  
Through the 70's, S and C America, Africa and the islands of the Caribbean and far east were pretty much places the powerful countries put their people in power and sucked the nations dry. Corporations with their nations blessing and often assistance or Russian autocratic communists, would put a leader in power and get long term sweet heart deals on their resources. Effectively preventing that country from ever using their resources for the benefit of their people beyond the pay they got for removing them or harvesting the products. Examine Chiquita's or United Fruit's history in South and Central America to see what I am talking about. Read up on Baby Doc Duvalier's history in Haiti to see the kind of people we put in power. Take any critical resource we get from 3rd world countries and read the history. The western nations and the USSR had no regard for the people in the countries with the resources they wanted.  
Are the neo liberal policies better than dictatorships? Sure. I agree. Is that the best option? Not by any means.   
   
I'd recommend reading Howard Zinn's: A People's History of the United States.  That is what is playing out in the BRIC countries right now. I'd also recommend looking at how Norway has handled their natural resources and used those resources to benefit everyone in their country.  Income disparity in Norway is no where near where it is in other countries because of who owns their natural resources and the benefits the people of the nation get from those resources. The pay difference between top management and the workers is far less than it is in other countries as well. We are one of the top oil producing nations and we only got 2.5 billion in royalties in 2012 from all oil and gas royalties. We give them more subsidies than they gave in royalties. If we treated our resources like Norway does, we would be far better off as a nation.   
The pay gap between the top and bottom in US corporations has gone up by over 300% in the last 30 years. That is the framework that is getting pushed by the IMF and the World Bank. More for the top and far less for the bottom. And it's why graduates can't find jobs in the US. It's all going ot the top.  
As you may have noticed from all the downvotes I am getting for my views, most people agree with your viewpoint. So it appears there is little to worry about as my views are seen as fringe anyway. I've had too many classes in analytic reasoning, logic, and the media to be swayed by all the emotion based distortions we see in the mainstream, corporate owned media and even in media with opinions I support. Everyone distorts and everyone is really presenting opinions. It's just a matter of knowing how your media distorts information and what opinions they are interested in expressing.  
And last, capitalism is a wide net and includes the European socialist systems.  I doubt if many people feel that capitalism is bad. I just feel that it needs to keep it's eye on the health of the community and less on industries leaders and their backers getting extreme profits. I also see countries like Norway who follow that path have less social problems and more social equality. Unbalanced social systems become more autocratic and then fall. 




 In our area, they're in expensive malls which forces them to overprice their tea.  Their selection's also mediocre, other than flavored teas. They may make amazing flavored teas, but that is not my cup of tea. 




 I'm not sure 




 He said it would powder the entire kitchen and the cost and time to clean up would be substantial. 




 world news. :-) 




 Wow, I had no idea you could upload without a UID. You could try sending a note to the team, but for user submitted it will be 20 pages down in under an hour so not many people will see it. Well other than posting here so people going and trying to find what you are referencing.  I wish I could help. 




 Top 1% in state, top 5% in nation. Because of bad grades in HS, it actually hurt me. They would rather have people that try hard, than people who skate by on their brains.  




 How can you put an image up without an account? 




 I can delete images I submitted to imgur.  Click on the Post options in the bottom right hand corner. Click delete. 




 Being shown the Ansul system when I started and told if there is a fire to pull this lever. I was then told I would be fired if I ever pulled the lever. 




 Finding new teas is one of the joys of being a tea nut. I'm glad you found oolongs.  You'll be amazed by the diversity there is in oolongs too. 




 Did the kool aid taste good at least? 




 If you are just calling to threat, it's like they can sense it. You have to be willing to follow through. Most of the time it was the actual person cancelling my service who lowered our rate to keep us on. Because you know, the person you get when you make the selection to cancel the service, can't actually cancel it. They want to send you through the team to see if they can change your mind, why you're doing it, etc. 




 Thanks. The Brits called it black tea because of the color of the dried leaf. Chinese call it red tea because that is the color of the brew.  The Chinese I work with kept calling my tea red tea and even pointed to writing on the label of my tea that said Red Tea in Chinese but black tea in English. 




 I used to call about once a year to cancel because a competitor's rates matched the rate comcast gives new customers. They folded for years (or I guess in their eyes, kept me as a customer)before they actually refused and let me cancel 




 As someone with a background in economics you also know there are a lot of theories. Libertarians think they have all the answers. There are many economists who disagree with them and state the facts far better than I can.  
Free trade agreements have cost us jobs. There are things more important than profit. What I have found in my travels is democratic countries with the strongest social protections have the largest middle class.  
Russia? Really?  
Brazil? They have police with machine guns at the cash machine in the manufacturing plant of a huge company because gangs break in and rip out the machines on pay day. I'm a 5 minute ride into the site to get to the building I was working in. The smoking area was near the cash machines and it was very discerning. Kidnappings are common, and the streets are not really safe to walk on.  
India has a nice growing middle class, but the poverty is something you never forget.  
But, yes, anyone can go to a store and buy an iPhone or the latest Samsung tv. You can also starve on the side of the street.  I actually love both Brazil and India. They certainly are not the US, but the people are pretty nice and the food is great in both places. 




 I'm not sure what this is, but it sure looks like an amazing Yunnan.
http://bienvenuemag.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/maison-des-3-thes.jpg 




 The owner of a tea shop in Taiwan roasted a nice oolong and had me taste the roasted rolled leaf. It was amazing. I would munch on those all day. Talk about an expensive munchie though. 




 We weren't belligerent about it. Our kids were close friends and they pretty much gave everyone a bunch of BS about it and would never give straight answers. 




 It's not about smarts, it's about being informed, and most of the information out there is meant to distort and distract.   
An example in my own community; our neighborhood elementary school was always top 5% in the state. We also had 99% PTA membership in the school.  The city wanted to switch the school to a Jr. High but they knew the community would not agree. So working among themselves and the planning commission, they had a millage to do needed repairs to the school and bring it up to date with computers and the associated wiring. We had always supported school millage's so they were confident it would pass and it did.  
Then they told us after more analysis they were making the school a Jr. High instead and most of the money would be used to update all the bathrooms for older students. We did not pass the next 3 millages in our community. We knew the people on the planning committee and they all swore secrecy about the plan. They knew if it got out, they would all be thrown out of office. This gave them all another term. We are no longer friends with the 2 we knew. 




 I actually did not read the article. Hillary's views on trade deals have been pretty consistent. I also know the bias from the Hill site. I just know Hillary is no populist. She did not get where she is by supporting the little guys. When big biz gives her money, they get a worthwhile return on their investment. Like they do with most of them.  




 I understand. As much as I love my tea from T2Tea in Australia, that shipping stops me from ordering from them 90+% of the time. 




 Most people get their news from major corporations who do not have a populist view. Their view is that any leader who doesn't allow for a global free market in their country is bad, and they present that view to their readers over and over. It's hard to fault people for being ignorant when that is what their leaders want. 




 Yeah, at least in our country if a community is active in their political system, the system works pretty well.  
The problem is getting people off the TV and things like StumbleUpon, Imgur and reddit. ;-p 




 When I have been in S. America people talk about their corrupt gov. When I tell them it is pretty much the same in the US they are surprised. 




 I get tea from both China and Australia. It's almost 20US to ship from Australia but only 7 or 8 from China. I guess the queen has to get her cut. ;-p   
But, are you hoping to provide free shipping, or just worried the cost of shipping from Canada may be cost prohibitive to some? 




 You can get boxes for as little as 28 cents each here, so boxes really shouldn't be that much of a deal breaker, price wise.
  http://www.uline.com/BL_440/Lightweight-32-ECT-Boxes  
I don't worry about tracking. I just make a small order the first time to see how the company handles things. 




 OK, police actions with our military, to satisfy your semantics. Boots on the ground are boots on the ground. Ask some people who were in Cambodia to see if actually being at war with the country in the official sense matters. 




 Same with bringing back a US backed stooge to run your country.  However, the people who now have clean water and access to healthcare sure do seem to think their lives are better off.  I compare it to Cuba. Before Fidel, the rich controlled 90% of the wealth in the country. The poor had little access to education or healthcare. The rich are pissed because the control and wealth they used to have, they don't have anymore. The fact that 90% have more is irrelevant to them.  The 1% wants it all. 




 She looked like the photo on the left in BJ's Diary. 




 So I see. I am an old fart who watches more B W movies than anything released in the last 20 years. My wife and daughter were watching BJ's Diary and I found it a fun light movie. That was my exposure to her. 




 Alpha males are pigs. Unfortunately most women look for alpha males. 




 http://www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/renee-zellwegers-changing-face-actress-4474527
 




 So do I compared to my pictures from 15 years ago. People that are heavy and change weight change even more. I'm pretty much my same weight from college but my friends who have gained or lost weight look so different.  I don't think she has had surgery, but I do not follow that crap too closely. 




 She's not a youngster anymore. She reminds me of Jennifer Lawrence because she seems like she is pretty without all the Hollywood dressings and comes across as less movie starish. 




 I never have enough of a layover in Dubai to get into the city. In Singapore's airport, they have a TWG shop. I had never heard of them before but the gold Yunnan I like so much looked incredible so I bought 50 grams. I think I paid 38 US for 50g.  It's the most expensive tea I have bought and it was good enough I would buy it again. For special occasions. :-) 




 Thanks. I will be in Taoyuan City and will visit the 2 tea shops I found near the hotel I was staying in. Hopefully I will be able to find a couple oolongs and nice black teas like I did in October of last year. 




 I think WMF's tea strainer is perfect. One of the problems I have with putting my tea directly in my cup is the fact that it continues to steep and often gets bitter.
As a new loose leaf drinker, I would recommend trying several different oolongs from Taiwan and China. I have found a relatively inexpensive oolong that I like as much as much higher priced ones. It's just a nice midgrade Tie Guan Yin. For a special treat, try Oriental Beauty from Taiwan. 




 I'm surprised no one has mentioned filtered water. I think the difference between regular tap water and filtered water is night and day.  
I try to switch up each week or every other week so the flavor of Yunnan teas do not get washed away. I find if I exclusively drink them, I do not get the same flavor after a while.  Typically I bounce between black tea from Taiwan or black teas from Yunnan.  
My routine is; as soon as I get into work I heat water in my teapot, add a bit of honey to the cup, pour the hot water into the travel mug I use and decide which of the 3 or 4 teas I keep at work to drink. I place the tea in my strainer and steep anywhere from 3 to 5 minutes depending on what I am wrapped up in. That will usually get me through the work day. When I get home I typically make an oolong or a mild Yunnan and follow the same steps. I use a gaiwan if friends are over and want to share some tea.  
I just ordered 7 new spring teas from Yunnan Sourcing so there will be a tea tasting going on in about 2 weeks that I am looking forward to. 




 That is a bummer. I am heading there in about 3 weeks and was looking forward to getting some more nice oolongs and their incredible old tree black teas. I actually chose to be routed through Taiwan for that reason. Arghh 




 TWG out of Singapore and T2Tea in Australia both have incredible teas. They are expensive though and shipping is not cheap either.  
Yunnan Sourcing offers the best Chinese tea I have found online, for a reasonable price. Yunnan teas have been my favorite for a while and I just found Yunnan Sourcing about a year ago. I've tried about 20 of their teas and haven't found anything I did not like and some I loved. I've also tried about 5 other Chinese tea sites and have given each of those teas away to less particular friends. 




 The owner of the tea store in Taiwan told me the same thing when I bought my gaiwan.   




 What compensation was given to the people who lived on that land? Taking more land and the water is not compensation. 




 I think the delicacy of a nice golden Yunnan is hard to beat. I use Yunnan Sourcing for my tea. I get most of it from their Chinese site. TWG's Golden Needle Yunnan is incredible. 




