 Force Unleashed included dismemberment by lightsaber.  




 I dunno. I think the tech looks really cool. It certainly doesn't look easier to pull off than modeling a cartoon band. The idea that the video seamlessly reacts to your performance is awesome. 




 Sunset OD is fun, but you're not missing a whole lot. What you really want in your life is Ori   the Blind Forest. 




 Also, I imagine most pre-ordering of videogames is being done at the retail level--e.g., putting down $5 at Gamestop or Best Buy. That money doesn't go to the game developer or publisher... it's just an interest-free loan for the retailer. 




 Hard to argue with the evergreen. Those are great suggestions, though I think only Carcassonne will support up to 8 players. If you need something for the higher player counts, consider The Resistance, Formula D and Dixit Odyssey. 




 I'm guessing it's called something along the lines of "Royalty-free Dubstep Sample #6" 




 I wish I'd read the physical book rather than audio. Wheaton seems like a nice guy, but he's an awful reader. So bad that it actively hinders the book. 




 Right. I recognize that the sponsors may actually be paying for a 2-3 minute spot. I have no idea what the economics of podcast advertising look like. I really only offered the criticism on the off chance that Jeff and Christian make them long simply to personalize them, because they think this makes them more effective. I'm not convinced that it does, but mine is just one uninformed opinion. 

As for making the show look bad to its sponsors, that is definitely not my intent. I think their advertising dollars are well-spent--I've checked out both Harry's and the FiveFour Club based on the podcast ads. And if I ever have to design a website, I'm sure I'll be hitting up SquareSpace. And if I ever need whatever the heck it is Lynda does... well, I guess I'll go there, too.  




 Take heart, Jeff. Many people probably just complain because they value your opinion and insight, and they'd like more opportunities to hear you discuss other games. Don't let it get you down.  




 The commercial segments on DLC are just way too damn long. Am I the only person who starts hitting the FF button every time we reach a "word from our sponsor"?

I recognize that the show needs to be supported, and commercial spots are a great way of doing that, but it seems like they would be much more effective if they were short, 30-second spots. Or even a minute. As it is, they just go on and on. And on. 

This is not unique to DLC, either. At some point during Weekend Confirmed's run, that's when I started noticing it. What was once a short shout-out to the sponsor ballooned into 2-3 minute segments. And now it's reached the point that I reflexively mash on the FF button 8-12 times until it's over. 

Because I'm hopelessly egocentric, I'm assuming everyone else does the same thing. ;-) So, in the interest of helping the show, and the sponsors, I submit that the commercials need to be scaled back to a manageable size. Let's say hard cap at a 60 seconds. That's reasonable, right? 




 As a big fan of Risk Legacy, I'm pretty certain this is going to be the best board game released this year, for our group. It's just so exciting to take a game you're already familiar with and introduce new unknowns and consequences.

I'm not the world's biggest Pandemic fan, but I like it. And that's a lot more than can be said for vanilla Risk. 




 I don't understand the anti-F2P movement. Sure, the F2P model can be exploitative and frustrating, but who cares? Just don't play the games that offend you. There are F2P games that do it right, and it seems safe to assume that most Nintendo mobile games will, too. 

Good clickbait headlines for a site like Kotaku, though, i guess. 




 I'm happy for the segment to be there if Jeff wants to discuss it. As others have pointed out, it's nice to hear passionate people talk about things that excite them. The segment has definitely convinced me to avoid HotS, but I don't mind hearing about it. 




 Thanks for sharing the link. Guess I should have done that!

Yeah, Pandante is a blast. I backed the original project last year and we've had a great time with it since then. Perfect alternative to Poker when you want a similar card game but don't want to bet money--or just want a lighter time with kids, family, etc. I'm really hoping this expansion does well, because it looks like it makes the game even better. :) 




