 Or you could lay it to rest yourself. If he's as crazy as you say, what point will the truce make? He'll hound you no matter what it seems. So, for me, I can kinda see his point that you are trolling him, at least in this instance. Now, being paid of course is probably absurd, but I guess I've heard stranger things. 




 What I don't understand is that you are offering a truce yet you won't stop commenting. Do you think if you just stop commenting that maybe he will just leave you alone? 




 Really? Here I thought it was clunky and had pacing issues. But thank you!
 




 May 2015

Morgan Richards, a sixty-three-old retired teacher, watched her husband put the puzzle pieces of their family portrait together. The idea came from Tara, her husband's physical therapist. She had a local toy store create a puzzle using the Richards' photo as its base. So far, Mitchell had half of it finished. It'd taken him a few weeks, but the last few days had garnered an immense amount of progress. Morgan believed he would finish it tomorrow based on his current speed.

It'd been almost a month since Mitchell Morgans had been taking Memorez, a new drug made to help reverse the effects of Alzheimer's. He was 1 of 10 patients in the clinical trial, and he was demonstrating fair results. He didn't have to be reminded where he was every morning; didn't have to be told the names of the staff the hospital provided during the clinical trial; and best of all, he remembered Morgan. The children were coming in a few weeks to visit and see if he could remember them.

June 2015

The kids left awestruck at their father's progress. Morgan felt like she was getting her husband back, that he was overcoming the disease. She went upstairs to be with Mitchell, as they recently started sharing their room again since his violent outbursts had become practically non-existent. She found him sitting at their desk writing in his journal, the one the doctors told him to keep.

Coming up from behind, she looked over his shoulder and noticed him drawing. She didn't have any clue what it was, but she noticed the circular structure with odd symbols placed in specific spots. "What is that?" she asked. She thought maybe it was a memory of something he saw on the television or read in a book.

"I don't know," he said. He wasn't upset for not knowing. Normally, he'd get quite down or frustrated. This time, he sounded more intrigued by the loose memory drudging up from his mind. "Maybe something I saw in a dream."

"Maybe." She kissed the back of his head. "Time for bed."

"Ten already?" He closed his book and put the pen on top.

July 2015

The doctors are flabbergasted by Mitchell's progress. They called it a miracle drug, but they're trying to keep their excitement leashed. None of them want to rush anything by submitting the work to the FDA. Apparently, the other 9 patients are exceeding expectations also. They called the Richards in to run all the necessary tests: CAT scans, MRIs, the works. 

A few weeks later, Morgan received a call from the doctors saying Mitchell was healthy as ever. She cried at the joyous news.

Meanwhile, Mitchell returned to his shop downstairs where he tinkered and toyed with various pieces of equipment. As an engineer, he loved learning how things worked internally, so he often broke things apart and reverse engineered it back together. Morgan checked on him often to make sure he didn't accidentally hurt himself, but he seemed to be living life fine.

August 2015

The grandchildren visited the first week before school started. All six of them gave Mitchell a run for his money that week, but he survived and thrived. In fact, Morgan noticed how energetic he was with the children, playing games and camping and going to the zoo or a museum. He'd also returned to his old habit of reading, and he was tearing through books like they were Kleenex. And none of it was light reading. Morgan couldn't understand half of the titles she read.

By the end of the month, she went down to check on Mitchell, as he'd been quiet since the kids went home. "Everything alright?"

He nodded at his work station. "I miss having the kids here. I felt revitalized."

"You seemed to really enjoy yourself," she said rubbing his back. Every day, she thanked God for bringing her husband back.

As if he could read her thoughts, Mitchell said, "I am so thankful for this drug."

Morgan smiled and turned to leave. She noticed one of the many chalkboards Mitchell had hung on the walls of the basement. It had a lot of equations she didn't understand, but she remembered the circular structure from his journal. All the symbols mimicked the same ones she saw him drawing that night almost two months ago. 

'Maybe he has an idea for an invention,' she thought. 

September 2015

"I don't know how I feel about this," Morgan said to her husband. He had been in contact with someone named Ed White in Arizona, almost 1600 miles away from their home in Tennessee. Apparently, Ed was a metallurgist, a man who studied metals, and he believed they could build whatever it was Mitchell had been working on for the past few months. "The doctors would have to sign off to allow you to leave."

"I don't have time for all that," Mitchell said flummoxed. "I won't be gone for more than a few days. He wants me to meet with a few people, particularly people who could fund our project. Please, Morgan. I think this would change everyone's lives."

"What is it?" she asked, a topic she'd been tip-toeing since he started the drawings. "What does it do?"

"I'll explain it all. I promise, but I have to know if it's even feasible. But I need to meet with Ed's people. See if this will even work." He gripped both of Morgan's hand and placed them in his own. They felt so soft and alert. "I'll continue taking the pills. I'll continue journal-ing. I will even call every single day. Promise."

Morgan gave in with a smile. He was so immensely excited. How could she take that away from him? She allowed him to go.

December 2015

"We found him," FBI Officer Langdon Morris explained to Morgan. "He was with Ed White and a group of eight others. They'd built this structure which turned out to be some sort of a portal. To what? I'm not certain. But all ten of them walked through it. Then, the structure fell apart. 

"We contacted the medical facility who was conducting the clinical trial on your husband. It turns out these ten people are the ten patients that were involved in the testing of this drug. The FDA is shutting down production of Memorez, and we're currently conducting an investigation into the conglomerate that's been funding the drug corp making the drug. We will keep you informed should any news come about, especially in the location of your husband." 




 I love trying to turn things dark or twisted, so give me some interesting prompts or ideas!

Edit: I will get to everyone's prompts. Promise! Sorry for the wait. 




 Magic hasn't existed for millennia, not since the Grey Order traveled across the oceans and lands gathering the gaseous substance and locked it in the depths of the Earth. Then, a great earthquake devastated Nepal and the nearby regions, opening up the vault where the magic had been kept. It also opened the sacred device created to contain the magic gas, thus releasing the humongous cloud back into the atmosphere. Unfortunately, until the magic is evenly distributed through the air, there will be pockets of magic moving about through the atmosphere causing unintended effects.  




 I don't have it in me to write a story in that setting, but I could see that Scooby is a part of a genetically-modified litter of pups that escapes from the facility due to his enhanced intelligence and eventually runs into Shaggy Rogers as a young boy. When he finds out Scoob can talk, the two keep it a secret until high school when Shaggy meets Velma, Fred, and Daphne. A kid from their school goes missing and Scooby Doo believes he's being held up at an abandoned house thought to be haunted. As the gang tries to investigate, they go through horrific nightmares (think Saw-like puzzles) in order to save their fellow classmate. Meanwhile, they're being monitored by a masked person who keeps trying to scare the gang off. Velma, however, is great at solving puzzles and seems to be helping figure them out while Fred keeps everyone strong and Daphne gives off a motherly vibe. At the end, Scoob find out the identity of the kidnapper with the help of Fred and Velma: a teacher at the school. Once they save the kidnapped kid, they realize the teacher meant to molest and murder him, as he's done for decades since he came to that town. 




 I worked at Blockbuster and I had just helped a customer check out a Monty Python movie. I told the customer I hadn't ever seen them as I wasn't big into British humor. He told me a bit about the particular film he was renting and it made me interested. He leave and I help the next person check out a weird, low-budget movie about a married couple who fought zombies. I hadn't ever seen it before on the shelves, so I tell the customer "wow, haven't seen this before." He immediately says, "Yeah, you haven't seen Monty Python either, so that doesn't surprise me." I checked it out to him, but I immediately changed it in the system to where it was late so he would receive immediate calls asking for him to return the movie. Dick. 




 I agree. Obviously, when he's angry, he goes full rage and kills people, but it was more of a kid throwing a temper tantrum. But then, there was the episode where Gao called him out on knowing Chinese. This was when I realized he's smarter than we thought. Not just some scared kid who grew up with connections capable of doing damage. He brought himself to power by playing a fragile child with issues, and even though his outbursts are still tell-tale signs of him not dealing with childhood traumas, he's capable of everything he's done. The bigger problem I had is that it all depended on the assistance of the others (Leland, Gao, Wesley, etc) for him to get there. 




 Gay, 27-year-old dude who's down for board games. Got Clue. That's it. Could possibly host depending on amount of people. 




 In my fourth grade class, the teacher had a program where you got prizes the more you read. If you reached 10K pages, you got to visit the teacher's house during the hour-long lunch period and you got to swim in their in-door swimming pool, provided you brought your swimming clothes and a pre-made lunch. All year long, the teacher took the kids to a local high school to learn how to swim, and I'd forget my swimsuit literally every time. After I reached my 10K pages, I thankfully remembered the swimsuit, but I forgot the pre-made lunch. My mom brought me a Lunchable a half-hour before it was time to go, but the teacher said I wouldn't be able to go because I was too forgetful. I cried during lunch and everyone in my class made fun of me. 

I still hate that teacher to this die, and they're probably dead by now. 




 But I don't want to work on it. I'm unhealthy but that's my decision. I'm happy the way I am right now. I shouldn't have to be skinny to be treated as a human being.  




 Lumen: Yeah. We all pretty much lead pretty crap lives; a huge reason why we even accepted this job in the first place.

Cyman: We weren't given much of a choice.

Shell: I lost my job and was blacklisted from working on any other unit in an other city.

Aggie: Our lives aren't all that normal, but it could be worse. I actually get to talk with my family in India.

Shell: Because you suck up to everyone.

Lumen: Don't get mad at Aggie just because she's genuinely sweet. You attract more with honey than vinegar.

Shell: She uses something, alright.

Cyman: If you're suggesting she uses her power, Shell, you know they use olfactory depravation when dealing with Aggie.

Shell: I wasn't. 




 And yet I still don't care nor will watch the show. 




 Aggie: We are tasked with stopping any Homo-Superiors whose abilities cannot be managed.

Lumen: Basically, all of them.

Cyman: They're sent to DC (Detention Center) for therapy to help adjust to their abilities. Those with minor abilities that cannot be used for anything negatively are allowed to be released, but they're monitored 24/7. Meanwhile, the more major and dangerous Homo-Superiors are quarantined and dissected or medically tested on. 

Shell: We also have side missions going after normal people depending on the situation. 




