 Rumor has it - When bomb explodes on Inferno fish in pond will float dead

(I don't know if it happened previously?) 




 Darude - Sandstorm 




 Where should i find a server like this?! 




 You can't DDoS LAN tourneys, it was probably technical problems... 




 GTFO 
Theres a subreddit for that. 




 Darude - Sandstorm 




 They didn't make it for a reason, most of these are either too big or too small, too cramped or too open. In short, they don't fit to Competitive 5v5 standards. I'm not talking about ALL of them, there are some really good maps, so don't get me wrong.
Hopefully those who have some free time in their hands can sit down and rewrite the layout of some classics.


Interesting stuff - De_Chateau is being remade by me and my friend, so you can consider that to be worked on! :P
 




 I thought it was the opposite o.o
Just look at the Skybox on Cache...
 




 
I hope you don't wan't me to explain why i said so?

How is this even close to COD? This is probably one of the cleanest looking maps besides Agency at the moment... Also, CS:GO is a competitive game, the amount of clutter is not even near to COD. What gave you a thought that this is like any COD map? Can you give me an example of a COD map like this? 




 Yeah! Let's go back playing DE_DUST! This is too much over-cluttered, amirite?
 




 You got to be the most weird person in the universe. Not gonna go further in-depth to explain what you just said.  




 You prefer the bland usual "factory" style which most mappers easily adopt to, amirite? :)

Go and play the original Season, it will always be available even after this release... 




 All these people moaning "Please don't over-do visuals" probably have to check their eyes, the map is so simple clean and nice, the textures are smooth... Good job as always FMPONE! :) 




 Cause you keep matchmaking with pre-made team that has Silvers in it .
Go solo queue to play with your rank players.
 




 I wasn't replying to you, i guess the comment stacking got messed up. I was addressing to Bravehood. 




 Lag switching is illegal, lagging isn't.
 




 It's not SiC's fault, it's Auzii's fault, he started the chain by using a copyrighted image on Howl. 




 I didn't start off with Source version and recompiled it, i remade it. It does look very similar, but it's just the Bombsite B, the other part of the map doesn't exist cause it isn't made/remade. (But yes, i used Source version as a bare-bones for scaling and geometry, but it's not recompiled for CS:GO)
I could put up comparison screenshots, but i don't work on this anymore so there's no point basically.
I do have subscribed some ports from Source to CS:GO on workshop just for a look, but i don't really know how to find map source to decompile so it's just impossible for me to work with workshop content.
I did play the original Russka in 1.6 though.
But you got a good point there, and i agree with a lot of what you said.

I wish i could give you the credit in the first place, but there's no way to add description at Reddit link posts, that would explain a lot of stuff.

Anyways, i understand how you feel about this, but i haven't done a lot of stuff to continue with the map, so if you wan't me to take down this post contact me on PM. I would not hesitate to do so, just because you gave an constructive and valuable statement.


 




 It's the balance really. Engaging early doesn't let players set up smokes/flashes and positions, i think that would be a con to pros.

I might try a mixture of both, hopefully. 




 Shouldn't it be the opposite? 




 Good luck, i encourage you to do that and i would love to play on it.
I have moved on with this project.
You got some nice fanbase here, as you can see people would really love you to make this map.
Btw, welcome to the Reddit! 




 Thank you! :D
I really wish i could remove them, but i still feel like it plays a big part in next-gen spawn camping.... 




 Please read my reply below, thanks. 




 Did i said i stole anything? More over, did i post the map anywhere? The screenshot doesn't tell anything about the layout. It might be completely different with a different name, it's just the map style, which you can't really blame me for. :P

Go ahead and tell that to people who actually ripped Source version and put it up on the workshop. Don't scream at people who admire your work and wan't to achieve something similar to learn.


If you wan't to sort this out, i would suggest using PM.
And yes, i do make other maps as my hobby.
P.S - This is also one of my hobby projects, nothing too special. I might use it to play it on LAN with my teammates. 
P.S.S - I'm mapping since 1.5, Brute pls.
Peace. 
 




 Fill DCMA notice, hopefully the item gets removed from Steam Market and prices go up.

Friggin' art stealers. 




 De_cbble was supposed to be a successor to de_dust, the creator wanted to name de_dust2 to de_dust3 in the first place.

I remember reading his article about making de_dust2... 




 Originally the map had mid to B rotates, but i blocked off the entrance as the time it takes for CT's to go from A to B is very close to the amount it takes on Nuke (Literally, instantly.)
While having it blocked, Ct's have to go around all the way.
That way it makes it more balanced and give CT's time to rethink they're strategies before going either bombsite.

The door is not supposed to be widened. The reason why is because there is long A to the left which gives more space if you need it. The door has a window above it, so additional support Terrorist could go up to doors and smoke mid without being exposed, or throw flashbangs.

At most part i could agree, but it's all about timing and smokes, which professional players really nit-pick about. 




 That's an good idea, it would encourage team-work! 




 You'll be able to test it once it goes on the workshop! :D 




 Sure thing! PM me I'll help you out ;) 




 If they wanna do their things they go to the inside part of the cafeteria where is the WC.  




 Oh my god, the second layout. Love it. 




 http://i.imgur.com/hI88gqz.png
Layout V3 (Based on @justdefaultaccount feedback!) 




 You're right. The above post was a joke. :) 




 I encourage that. 




 http://i.imgur.com/L0AYF2j.jpg
Better? 




 It's the same vending machines they're using since 2004 :P
Except it has a different name. I might change the texture when i find an texture artist to work with. 




 I wish. 




 Thank you for your opinion, i will be putting it up on workshop soon. :) 




 Didn't even notice that similarity! :D
Who knows, it might prove to be very fun! 




 Thank you, it means a lot to me! :) 




 Like i said, high risk high trade-off bombsite. It's really easy though, terrorists could just throw a smoke down the hallway and push into the bombsite.
I wanted to keep the entrances to be close in the viewpoint, If there were more you would get into situation where you look at doors and get shot from the back.

I would also love to possibly add vents as an optional entrance from Alt A. 

I would be glad to add any additions you would suggest, how do you think i could improve bombsite B? 




 This is supposed to be outside cafeteria. It also has a nice view of hills and river. 
When it's that hot outside, I'm sure you would prefer sitting outside too! :P 




 http://i.imgur.com/p65cISZ.png

LAYOUT UPDATE! 




 I wanted to keep alternative B as an entrance through doors, kinda like Cache. (You can throw flashbangs through windows for retake)

Let's say there was one CT standing behind door, and one standing at mid, the CT in alt B pop flashes the bombsite for CTs to push in through the other side.

Now that you mention it, i might as well as remove it and give an alternative path for T's to go B.
Most of the play opposite to De_Dust2 revolves around CT's utilizing mid, it's not quite the same mid as in every map, it's basically mid for CT's to rotate through. If CT's loose mid control it's harder to get it back.

It's really hard to judge the layout without playing it, as i found most of play testing very 50/50 for both sides, as there are some height and perspective changes. 

Although, it's still WIP and every layout feedback is very valuable, as i wan't to keep it as simple as possible. 
  




 It's about the same, i did some testing and CT's get at least 2 seconds before T's rush. Auto-sniper might be useful in that scenario. You can also rush ALT-B through mid for a surprise.
I might move T spawn a bit further back to give more time for CT's to ready up.

B is kind of a high-risk high-reward choke point, just because it's easy to defend before and after plant for both teams. 




 That's why it says WIP.
(The screenshot is view from CT spawn)

I will post more screenshots as soon as i touch up the important parts of the map! :) 




 Try to be the top entry fragger, i try to be sneaky at the first rounds, and when i get AK or some better weapon i mostly try to outmatch my opponents by playing aggressively.
Second thing is do pauses between matches. I usually go relax myself for a while and go back to playing. It's very important. I also take some water with myself, it helps me feel better during the match.

Also, when you feel like you're being out of luck (If your opponents are destroying you), there must be one mistake that you are doing. Try improving reaction times and pre-aim common spots. 

If none of those help you, find some teammates who played really well and add them on Steam. Together it might be easier to play.

P.S - Never depend on your team! Try to carry yourself out! Team work becomes real needed at later ranks, at Silver it's mostly basic mechanics and gamesense.  









 The screenshake. It gives me headache. 




 The screen-shake effect is an over-kill. 




 There are either two ways - When you are about to rank up (when your skill increases) you get matched with higher ranked enemies, the second way is that you live in a region closest to a server that doesn't have as much players. 




 We all started as noobs.
Maybe the guy is still learning. 




 I think the guy needs specifically a theme, not layout ideas? I'm not sure, but that's what i lack the most.
When i try to whip up a new design for a map i either come up with Nuke/Cache styled map or Inferno.
 




 I'm still waiting for that ultimate one shot ace since 1.5.  




 He didn't even announce working on his own version... Speaking of that, it would take him 2 years to make one. Empty promises.

I will be renaming the map and changing the layout for more fluid gameplay.  




 Like wise man once said, if everyone you meet are assholes that means you are an asshole.

gg wp OP. 




 Texture choice i assume! :P 




 Better change that map-name quick...
 









 I practice Bhopping in CS:GO, but trust me, the way you make these big strafes just after landing and gain the speed looks way too impossible. 




 Valve should hire you. 




 The feels are strong with this one. 




 126
http://steamcommunity.com/id/theguma/

GL HF 




 You can't sell a knife to a friend, you can only trade.
Once you post a knife for this cheap it will get bought by bot almost instantly.

Even then, trades can be checked.  




 The gif is so smooth i feel like I'm watching a video. 




 It may not be very good for competitive scene, but as far as casual goes there is already an remake on Workshop. 




 Depends on your performance during the match.
 




 It happens when i launch CSGO from shortcut.
Try launching from library on Steam (Client.)
If THAT doesn't work, go to game properties, launch options and remove -insecure.

Hope it helps.  




 It's a bot. Thanks for your info. When you saw the message you should have instantly changed password. Or was it too late when you saw the message? 




