 Now that is funny.  Those poor little fish, but we never really caught many, did we?  And no, but science was always what mattered.   




 There is a revolution going on in the materials/energy field that is taking place as a result of recent developments in computational methods.  Alan Asparu-Guzik's Clean Energy Project, which you mention, is incredibly interesting thanks to the power of distributed computing, but I should also mention materials genomics.  Kristin Persson and Gerbrand Ceder founded The Materials Project, which could revolutionize the search for materials. To quote the website directly: "Harnessing the power of supercomputing and state of the art electronic structure methods, the Materials Project provides open web-based access to computed information on known and predicted materials as well as powerful analysis tools to inspire and design novel materials."

https://www.materialsproject.org

This approach is really cool.  
 




 Hydrogen fuel, when pressurized, has the same energy density as liquid hydrocarbons.  H2 can be generated via solar-driven water splitting, and when H2 is burned (either directly, or via a fuel cell), it produces only H2O, which is carbon neutral.  Here are a few useful links:

The Sustainocene: era of personalized energy: Daniel Nocera at TEDxCaFoscariU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u92O8LSkezY

Keep an eye on this younger upstart in the solar fuels field (Curtis Berlinguette):
http://people.ucalgary.ca/~cberling/

And his company, Firewater Fuels:
http://www.fwfuel.com

A detailed chemistry-focused review by Nocera is this one:
Solar Energy Supply and Storage for the Legacy and Nonlegacy Worlds
http://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/cr100246c 




 Interesting question that depends upon geography and your local situation.  2/3 of the world is not linked to the grid (power grid), and thus the concept of 'personalized energy' is extremely compelling, in the sense that the way that cell phones have enabled leap-frogging of landlines in much of the world, personalized energy generation may be able to do the same thing.  Inexpensive energy generation that can power lights, store power throughout the day to run household items, etc, does not require ultrahigh efficiency solar cells.  A 5x6 m2 roof with moderate efficiency solar cells (10%) can power even an energy-hungry US/Canadian household on an annualized basis, so don't discount the importance of cheap, stationary energy generation that just sits there, generating power, even if it is not 'high efficiency'.  According to the UN, having a light source a night is a huge factor in keeping kids in school. 

For grid people, the answer is convoluted by price comparisons with fossil fuel electricity generation.  I strongly believe that we should be using solar energy as it is the single biggest energy source available to humanity, which has the added bonus of being carbon neutral (!), but the way our economy is structured at present, we will use the cheapest form of power.  So, I strongly support the idea of solar farms in deserts, factory rooftops, new house construction (much cheaper to install during construction as opposed to an after-fit); reality, however, dictates, that these farms need to be economical and cost competitive, which is a challenge without charging for CO2 emissions (i.e., a price on carbon emissions, which is essential).  




