 And the chance of the UN making that happen is zero, so saying it just makes them look impotent.  




 I heard abu zubaydah took the ice bucket challenge... 




 Saying stupid stuff like this makes them even more of a joke. Its like some little kid telling a grown man he's gonna kick the man's ass. If the kid had made a good argument to the man, tried to reason with him, the man might listen. When you start out with threats/demands that you have no possible way of following through on, you get laughed at. 




 my aunt who told me that I need to make him come to me

This is really terrible advice. A great way to specifically select for guys who are more desperate/have fewer options. Not so say that guys(or girls) with more options are necessarily better....but common sense dictates that they probably are.  




 One my good friends went from NYC to Sweden...also married.  




 Yea...when I interviewed at Harvard (no I didn't get in) a bunch of people were texting the whole time. One girl just left in the middle of the tour to "go meet a friend." I was flabbergasted.  




 The ER I work in HATES this. Not so much for adults but everyone wants it for kids who miss school. I've never seen anyone refuse to write one so they are essentially meaningless anyway. It's also funny because no one want to waste time meeting a dumb requirement so the letters, in there entirety, generally read something like this: "Johnny is sick and can't go to school. - Dr. XXX." 




 This is such a non story. "Guy gets mad at business that over charged him." Just an excuse to feel better than someone, like all the stories about beemers parked in front of hydrants. 




 Yup, frankly the Germans got off pretty light. 




 lol....if it makes you feel better 




 Yes, the allies should have accepted millions of more casualties to prevent civilian casualties among a population that largely supported the war's initial aggressors. Sorry no. 




 So force people to pay to work, those patients will get great care!  




 Oh believe me, I know all about that. For example: mom with 4 kids in ER "this one has a fever, this one has a sore tooth, this one has a rash, this one won't listen to me." The worst thing is that this is in Massachusetts so she DOES have a PCP paid for by the state. 

The truth is you really can't turn away anyone at the ER (especially kids) and if someone is poor and has shit credit there isn't really any way to prevent this. Unless there is a mechanism to deny people care, or actually punish them for wasting medical resources this wont change. 

Recently I saw a 16 yo girl who was complaining about sharp LRQ pain. She has no fever or other symptoms, she seems to be faking everything but insists she is in terrible pain and thinks she is going to die. The resident orders an ultrasound just to be sure. Later the girls mom leaves the room and the girl tells the resident "I faked this whole thing because I didn't want to go to school." Too bad. Resident can't tell the mom because of confidentiality concerns and the team decides to go through with the ultrasound. They do this because if she lying now and just wants to go home (has been waiting several hours, already missed school) and something really is wrong, they all get sued.  




 I'm always terrified I will laugh while giving a prostate or genital exam. It's one thing for the patient to laugh, the physician can gently reassure them that the exam provokes reactions like this in many patients and there is no reason to be embarrassed. If the doctor starts laughing at the patient....how can they really salvage that?  




 We could raise taxes, cut spending, or decide that there isn't a public "right" to healthcare. 




 if they want more access for medicaid patients....them's the breaks.
 




 Speaking as a male former Marine....if someone doesn't feel that they are "man enough" or "woman enough" or "tough enough," whichever qualifier need apply....I wouldn't want to serve with them. I certainly wouldn't want things to be changed to make them more comfortable.

When we reached our victor unit, we probably lost 20% of our original strength over the course of six months due to "psych issues," guys running away, guys hurting themselves on purpose, guys purposely getting caught with drugs, etc. These were the guys that didn't want to be there. By the time we went into harms way we were stronger having lost them. 




 HA....you should really be complaining about capital gains tax rates 




 This seems like things we have mostly heard before.  




 They just need to get people to stop giving them money. The homeless have every right to be there but they do frequently cause disruptions, harass people, and are generally bad for business (how many women do you know that specifically avoid Central Square because of this?) If you want to help the homeless make a donation to a shelter, don't give it to someone on the street and encourage this shit.  




 My point is that these laws just encourage more inane behavior. I'd rather some guy sit quietly against a wall than obstruct traffic or make me think I'm being carjacked. 




 Doesn't seem to be doing much good. They walk into active traffic and knock on your window in Worcester. 




 Raise medicaid reimbursement rates and watch this change.  




 He thinks he did something wrong or that there is something wrong with him. He wants to know what it is so he won't make the same mistake again. You don't owe him anything but you specify that there are "several reasons" why you don't want a relationship with him. It will put his mind at ease and perhaps help him in the future if you let him know. Make it clear that you have no romantic interest in him going on. 




 and Norway! Fuckin stuck-up jerks of the Nordic states 




 from massachusetts....dont believe it 




 Its like all the countries I like are green and all the ones I don't like are red! 




 4 years in the military 




 Or maybe they are trying to set expectations. Make it seem like it's gonna be terrible so when the facts come out and they really aren't much more than waterboarding everyone will just go "oh, meh, that ain't so bad." 




 story of my life :( 




 Wouldn't it be terrible if private businesses could freely choose with whom to do business?  




 They just need to import some American rednecks. The redneck will also be costly to your social service agencies but they will keep the radical islam in check and add to diversity. 




 Drones would probably be pretty useful for targeting their GRADs 




 I agree. I'm much closer with guys I went to high-school and college with than anyone I went to Iraq or Afghanistan with. Other than occasional facebook stuff I'm not in touch with any of them and have no desire to be. These are guys I lived in a tent with for 7 months, guys who I watched friends die with, guys I saw heard crying. Despite these deep shared experiences...I find I don't have much in common with them. I have more kinship with dudes I took calc 2 with than dudes I got in gunfights with.  




 it this like a sensitive topic for you? 




 Street cops. Not political animals like the chiefs of large departments, and the street cops will do whatever their boss tells them. 




 I would guess the nasty guard has a lot more experience with MRAPs than many of the police officers. 




 yet I don't get how everyone is going on vacations 1-2x/year

mom and dad 




 There's nothing really wrong with it. Would you have a problem if she was married to a woman? 




 Family is smarter than half of reddit, 2/3 of the media, and 90% of the protesters. 




 Give up, ure arguing with stupid, stupid people. 




 then please don't ever vote. 




 OH my mistake....its all about instagram followers. Whats it like to pretend to be part of something? 




 LOL. People that don't know about it? Do you think people that didn't know about it by this point are going to be great warriors in your social justice army? 

 




 *Taxpayers 




 How about leave the T AND streets open.  




 I don't know what this means...but I like it. 




 Funny....I bet most of these people think there should be a mandatory free speech exclusion zone around abortion clinics. 




 That was on Tuesday night. You know...the one where everyone stays up late because they are going home on Wednesday and maybe have an early morning class that doesn't matter. Perfect time for some pretend activism. 




 No shit! This has always been one of those tiny, trivial annoyances that made me hate mass. 




 Thank you, I could not have said it better.  




 The whole system of permanently removing some of an individuals rights due to a past conviction is wrong and should end. That said, being that the current system is in place and Wahlberg committed multiple, violent, unprovoked assaults. FUCK HIM. 




 Why the hell wouldn't they be from Boston

I was expressing evidence that in fact many of them are not from Boston. 




 notice how everything calmed down over Thanksgiving break....? 




 If you want to inconvenience someone, inconvenience the people that can change things and the people responsible for the problem. Surround the state house and Boston Police HQ. Block access with interlaced arms. Refuse to leave until the state establishes an independent commission to investigate police brutality. Don't engage in activities that specifically inconvenience the people you are trying to win to your side. The cops at the protest are not inconvenienced. They are all making AT VERY MINIMUM several hundred dollars to stand around shooting the shit with their buddies and looking at college girls. They would love if there were protests like this every day.

The "this is about systemic racism" is such a fucking bullshit copout. Racism is real and bad. No shit. I graduated elementary school too. What is your solution? Do you have a specific list of demands or legislative proposals? How do we fix the problem? Right now it is like having a protest against cancer. Yea, I get it, it's a problem, but until there is a message beyond "racism bad" it's like a toddler throwing a tantrum. Entirely counterproductive. If you want to change things you need a specific plan. You can't just whine until someone fixes it like with mom and dad. 




 Protesting is not necessarily about swaying public opinion or garnering sympathy

Then what is it about? Annoying people? Expressing anger? If it is the second there are much more productive ways to blow off steam without inconveniencing the public and wasting public funds.

Maybe its just about a bunch of college kids that wanna selfie protesting outside their dorm on thursday night. 




 What a great way to get support for your cause!  




 It looked like they were all parents there with their kids.  




 The funny thing was on WCVB the people complaining about the disruption of the performance were black and the people endorsing it were white. 




 If they want to block things why don't they surround the statehouse or police HQ and block people from entering or leaving, form an arm chain. Blocking traffic just pisses people off. My friend just called stuck in traffic for an hour for the second time in two weeks. 




 They should do a better job at articulating that because all I hear is MIKE BROWN!!! RACISM BAD!!! They might even win some supporters. EDIT- I'm completely serious. I agree with all your points. However, blocking traffic and screaming "Hands Up Don't Shoot" and "Fuck you racist ass Police" communicates none of them and just turns politically neutral people against you. 




 You don't fire a lethal weapon at a van full of children to stop a fleeing suspect. 









 I feel like you're agreeing with me.... 




 As with mike brown and the choke-hold guy in New York. Resisting arrest and being an ass aren't good enough reasons to shoot someone. I used these videos because they very clearly capture exactly what happened (not the case in the first two mentioned cases). They both clearly show officers opening fire in situations when they and others are not in immediate lethal danger. Situations when non lethal options are clearly available. 




 There were at least 4 cops, in body armor, with multiple rifles, a dog, and non lethal options. The man was retreating. If they can't handle the situation without opening fire they should be fired for incompetence and cowardice.

Source: Infantry Combat vet that has dealt with many, much more dangerous situations. 




 NSFW: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tpAZObNZfI t=0m51s http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBL6AEkvLbk t=11m30s 
This is not a purely black-male problem. It is a police problem. While certainly racism exists in our society and certainly black males are more likely to receive this kind of treatment, framing our national problem with use of force by police as a purely racial issue is a mistake.  









 How about one banning all public sector unions in the state?  




 It's great when all kinds of different people can work together in crisis and get something done....even hipsters. 




 It depends on the country. That shit will work in the EU, the US, Japan, Korea, Australia, NZ, etc. But that shit won't work in China, Syria, or North Korea. 




 we should start taxing their tea! 




 No fucking shit, it's laughable. "Naw, man, real life is unfair and hard." Yea, that wasn't the point.  




 Well if they are in Status Epilepticus you should intubate them, probably best left to a paramedic or doctor 




 Such a silly argument. What difference does it make if one "race" is slightly more or less intelligent when measured over large populations. Will the people that don't like said race now be allowed to discriminate against them legally? NO. Will said race get some kind of entitlement because they are in some way mentally disabled? NO. Will it still be in everyone's best interest to judge individuals by their individual merit? YES. 




 Wonder what they're using for footwear 




 I FOUND A SPY!!!! 




 that's cute 




 Looks like the anti-vaccers have found a new ally! 




 They already had his DNA. They wanted a confirmation from a familial party in the compound as confirmation before the raid. 




 All the people blocking the road take honking as a sign of support.......yea I'm sure. The people who disagree probably aren't going to make it known when they are surrounded by a bunch of protestors for fear of damage to their car or their body. 




 Yup veterans and rioters....same thing. Does your case-worker know ure online? 




 These are the same people that believe cops are racist, thug, enforcers for the corporatist 1%'ers....and the only people that should have guns. 




 What is the obsession with obstructing traffic? Sounds like a great way to make people that don't really have an opinion hate you. 




 you ever been? 




 I wonder how many women and kids were there? Oh wait, its ISIS and they're like super mean so all the normal whining and handwringing goes out the window.
EDIT: lol at all the people who missed my point completely or think ISR can reliably determine if non-combatants are present. You learn a thing or two when, you know, you actually fight in middle east. 




 Maidan and Tahrir laugh at your puny rioting Ferguson 




 They stole land from people that stole land from other people and now everyone involved is dead.  




 yea totally forgot...that is like the most hidden grocery store ever 




 James Mattis 




 It's called a war. They are unpleasant.  




 So long as they keep their caveman activity to the mountains of pakistan it sounds fine. Unfortunately they haven't. 




 absolutely correct 




 This is too true 




 To be fair that housing development is a complete waste of resources in Kendall Square, it's all low rises. They should sell it to developers for hundreds of millions of dollars and then use the money to build better, high-rise developments elsewhere in Cambridge. 




 to be fair there is a 7/11 




  I'll tell ya another thing: their beer sucks! 




 Why do you care, it's his life 




 Pouring bottled water on my corpsman's hands to wash away the blood from our buddy who had just been KIA. 




 TOTAL BULLSHIT STORY...."when the letters stopped coming we knew he was gone"

FUCKING BULLSHIT....if he had ever been there he would know it takes like 2-3 weeks for letters to get home and casualty notifications are done within 24 hours like 99.99% of the time. 




 3 year old boy with his dick burned off, it looked like a little piece of charcoal. 




 fucking disgraceful, especially considering our NCO corps is one of the primary reasons our military is so much better than those built on the Warsaw Pact model. 




 Just send them to boot camp and put them in "Pork-Chop Platoon." That means half rations and double PT and no advancement until you lose the weight. I still remember the look on those fat dudes faces as we drove past them running through the night....shudder. 




 This is hilarious 




