 Diesel  all.  




 Macha powder. Hard to get where I live,  but when I find it and smell it I'm in heaven.  




 The one thing this post made me realise is that AC/DC is finally on Spotify. Many songs still under 1000 plays even.  




 Still bigger than most student housing.  




 I think my first ever straight razor shave was better than that. 




 There is quite a few all over the internet. From New Balance sneakers, to Red Wings to mass produced dress shoes.

Sure these shoes are good quality upper middle tier shoes, and the materials used are pretty much top notch, it's not so special. It is another one of those thirteen in a dozen hipster made "artisan" videos by a 3rd year BFA student that knows a guy in a factory. 




 I wonder how often the app recognised a white person as something else,  possible offensive and didn't get complained about because it was shrugged off as "well, most of this stuff is pretty accurate, can't win em all".  




 In my teens I worked in a butchers shop. The first rule my boss taught me is that when a knife falls,  you just step back and let it drop. 




 Judging from her look afterwards that is not the only "knife" that will be played with that evening.  




 You're lucky it was a sharp knife. Sharp knife cuts heal well. Blunt knife cuts are jagged and scar like a mofo. 




 Pretty much like any other shoe factory.  




 Bring a balloon. Lather the balloon. Make him shave the balloon. If it pops,  laugh your ass off because the "barber" is not covered in lather. Then walk out.  




 I wouldn't have guessed he used a straight razor. More like a lawnmower. Don't go back to this guy.  




 Hey look everyone,  I found captain professional trigger.  




 Basically Stephen King  "The Long Walk"  level cardio.  




 I wish I could be a victim once.  But as an upper middle class suburban young white straight male professional I cannot. Woe is me. 




 ARE YOU FUCKING SORRY?  




 Probably not.  




 Coincidence or freak of technology.

In 2011 I was sitting in a bar in Tokyo and another western man came in. We had a chat. Never exchanged full names, professions, just the regular bar/beer/sports banter.

Two weeks later he is in my "People you may know" section on LinkedIn.

I was thoroughly freaked out. I'm guessing we both logged in on LinkedIn from roughly the same area and the systems recognised it as a non-standard location and decided we may have been at a conference or whatnot. 




 In the example of Google about? Not really. Like I said, if the software systematically named all blacks Gorilla's, then surely yes. In the example, one with a super unclear picture, nope, just a glitch in the system. 




 Racist people make non-racist problems a race issue. It's usually the ones that scream "Racism" the loudest that are the most racist. 




 Ah, that actually makes sense. During my brief sailing days I think we had two noteworthy storms. One of which nearly made me poo my pants. The rest of the crew wasn't bothered at all and teased me for quite a bit of time about it.

It seems that it was an indication of how experienced a sailor was. In your opinion and based on your experience. What would you put the 1 and 2 swallow tattoo threshold at with current ship? 




 It is, and in this case it especially it. The picture in question is super unclear and to be honest, when I take my glasses off I have a hard time recognizing it.

It's a big thing if every black person was labelled a gorilla. Not these rare cases. 




 It we have to consider every small thing that might possible offend people nothing would happen.

People need to start growing thicker skin and not be "triggered" by whatever small piece of bullshit they can find. 




 5000 seems very little for the merchant navy. That's less than an  Atlantic return trip. You sure it's not 50/100K ?

Edit: the 5 sources I checked confirm your figure. I still think it's pretty little. In my early 20s I sailed 6 months on a container vessel (long story), that would give me the  "right" to a couple of swallows even for such a short stint.

 




 When I was 29 my income was higher than my dads when he retired.

I live in a rental and drive a small car. They have a large house paid off, savings, 3 cars and go on holiday 6 times a year. 

I live paycheck to paycheck. The baby boom generation fucked us all. 




 If this ever happens to me I want to keep my leg. In a jar of formaldehyde. Wonder if that would be allowed? 




 In developed countries the vast majority of the users would be white. This is not racist. This is a fact. So it is logical, however insensitive to ensure that this demographic is catered to. 




 I have no idea what that means, but I guess it's a good thing. Thank you. 




 I doubt this is the case. I'm pretty convinced that they did do quality control with multiple races. However all the QA in the world cannot account for all options. I'm sure if you probe long enough you'll get a picture of a fair skinned person being identified as a polar bear. 




 I too identify as invisible kin. But on weekend I am mayonnaise-kin. I find it incredibly offensive that no camera can identify me as a proud jar of Hellman's Real Mayonnaise. Stop the oppression of us fat and egg based individuals.  




 I agree, and that fact just confirms that this is far from racist.

People need to grow a thicker skin and get the fuck over race. The more you talk about it, the more important it (as in race) it becomes. We're all human. Some of us are just a bit more dark to deal with warmer and sunnier climates.

On that note. I find the sun extremely racist! It burns my pale complexion much more than my black brothers and sisters. Someone make a petition on change.com to make the sun less racist. 




 We have the same myth here with Polish people. Hardest damn workers you'll ever see. I had my entire house done by a Polish company. Took 2 weeks at half the cost of a local company. And the quality is amazing.  




 Technology is not racist. People and institutions can be racist. Technology itself can not. The racist is the person that made the technology work according to certain parameters that society labels as racist. A piece of technology labeling blacks as "monkeys" is not racist by itself. If a programmer said "label blacks as monkeys" then that programmer is racist. 




 One of my colleagues is colour blind as well and part of MY job is identifying colour difference. If I cannot spot a difference I ask him.

Apparently colour blind people are better at identifying the difference between shades of the same colour. After asking one of the professors about this during a work related seminar he confirmed this.

Now I don't have empirical evidence, and this might be very anecdotal, it works for me. 




 One often ends up reading about facial recognition going wrong. Asian people on camera,  camera asks "did someone blink?". Black people on camera,  camera asks if there are any faces to recognise. Etc. It's not offensive. It's technology that is not mature enough to do what it must do.  




 Quart of milk. Half a cup of cocoa powder. Some Stevia. Pinch nose. CHUG.  




 But Django and Kill Bill are in the same universe. The bride is buried in the grave of Paula Schultz who left Dr Schultz a few years before the events of Django. 


Also Pulp Fiction and Django happen in the same universe as the soldier who carried the watch up his butt (Captain Koons) is a descendant of one of the members of the Smitty BacallGang. 




 First non-Nexus phones getting updates first. Then iOS getting updates first. What the hell is Google thinking? 




 The way that old varnish came off was extremely satisfying.  




 They are the IDEAL pet.

For deaf people. 




 Get one from a reputable brand.

Check this out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxNLTRl36HQ

I quite like the Amazon basic powerbanks. 




 8 years ago a crazy ex decided I was physically stalking her. 

Don't mind the fact that I was 5000 km away and never contact her. 

After doctoring "evidence" and presenting it to the police (it later turned out the detective was a family friend) it sort of worked and I had to present myself to the public prosecutor. I had my lawyer write a letter and the case was dropped. 

Too bad that shit stays on your record for 30 (or 40, not sure) years here. And every goddamn insurance ever ask you "Have you have something on your criminal record that happened in the past 8 years". If you answer No, you're committing fraud. If you answer Yes you go in the special pile, with higher premiums.

No shit. Want to fuck someone over. Get them indicted in a case. They'll be fucked regardless of guilt.

(The Netherlands by the way).

Some justice porn by the way: She also tried to rob me blind in a civil suit. Which I won. She is still paying me damages and legal fees. It takes a long time on welfare. 




 The whole movie is a two hours action scene made of bad ass with a touch of more bad ass. They could end on the most anticlimactic note ever and it would still be awesome.  




 Rude waiter means no tip for me. Fun waiter means good tip.  




 I often fly with KLM actually. It's pretty good. 

To make sure the illusion is real ensure you get a sealed dinner plate and complain / refuse if you don't.  




 I fly intercontinental on a weekly basis. I always have the kosher meal while not Jewish. I can confirm that they are indeed better. The Hindu meal is also excellent  




