 Lionheads have a very specific type of personality. They tend to be opinionated and vocal (yes they make funny sounds). They can also be a little nippy. They require more grooming.

Rexes can get sore hocks quite easily if their flooring is not soft enough. 

My personal opinion is that source and connection matters more than breed. Rescue rabbits and shelter bunnies need homes - don't buy from a breeder and encourage more rabbit breeding. There are already plenty of buns looking for someone to love. Meet the rabbits and see which one you feel more comfortable with, which one you like and seems interested in you. Don't just buy based on looks.  :) 

And remember, the red eyed whites that you always see are the black cats of rabbits. They aren't worse rabbits, quite the opposite. They are typically calm, intelligent, and friendly. They just have less people interested into them because of their "boring" coat color and "creepy" eyes.  




 Sadly we have multiple litters of rabbits being fostered in our rescue right now. It may be a while before they are all placed :-/ 




 We have a piece of cardboard under the bird cage that catches any poops from when she is hanging on the outside of her cage. When they harden the rabbits like to chew them off the cardboard - pretty sure they aren't actually eating it though. 




 http://www.amazon.com/Midwest-Black-E-Coat-Exercise-Pen/dp/B000H8YTJI/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1375400007 sr=8-1 keywords=xpen

 




 Thanks! I had never had a conure before. I wasn't even looking to get a bird. We volunteer with rabbits at a shelter that doesn't "do" birds and she was in the back. I had never seen a prettier bird! She seemed friendly and curious and I couldn't get her out of my head. I went back a few days later to bring her home :)  




 Green cheeked. The pretty colors are the yellow-sided mutation. We don't know her sex. We call her a her because we chose Leela as a name. 




 Most of the time they seem to get along fine. I have seen her peck at him once or twice - we don't leave her out when we aren't in the room with them. Better safe than sorry.  




 Twelve born. Eleven made it. 
























 For some reason they always behaved best huddled together in the litterbox 














 Haha, yes! 




 Awesome. Yeah, we had to bathe our bunnies once because my bf went a little overboard with a "bonding exercise". Someone had suggested rubbing a tiny bit of banana behind the ears to get them to groom each other. The tiny bit must have escaped him because they were sticky and stiff even in to the next day so we decided to clean them up. I wish I had known about these wipes then! We actually just learned about them Tuesday night in our shelter volunteer meeting! 

We knew it was bad to bathe the bunnies and I have a pretty funny pic of him blowdrying them. It is true, you post anything saying you bathed your bunny and you are going to get a lot of people telling you not to bathe your bunny! Sometimes it has to happen, but the less we can do it the better. 

It is a shame because they look so funny and cute when they come out of the bath - but people really are just looking out for the little guys. Lola is adorable :) 




 beautiful! 




 What a great low cost solution 









 This looks great! Love the bar and red walls too! 




 WAY TOO CUTE 




 What a handsome bunny! He is lucky to have a foster home 3 




 May I recommend: http://www.amazon.com/Earthbath-Natural-Hypo-Allergenic-Fragrance-Free-Grooming/dp/B000WFIVSQ/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1375305335 sr=8-1 keywords=grooming+wipes

Less stress for the bunny. 
Also, rabbits can get hypothermia even if it is not that cold out. They don't dry easily and it is very stressful for them to be wet and to be blowdried.  




 I am willing to bet you can't ;) Nanas please! 




 She. Her baby name at the rescue was Pandora 3 




 Pretty sure. I have done some reading on it and she seems to really enjoy being held like this. I understand that they will also zonk out in this position, but when she struggles a little I don't put her in it. I only do it if she seems to want to be held that way. She purrs while she is like this, too - so that indicates to me that she is enjoying herself and is present. 




 Her name is Guinevere. We call her Gwen Danzig sometimes :-p 




 It was all I could do not to adopt this little gal on the spot! 




 Sounds like I have a new comic to check out!  














