 A few of my friends look at me like they're thinking "what the hell are you here for?" when I show up at their place when they said to. 




 All my music in my computers and phone came from my CD collection. It's not that I disagree with pirating music, but I prefer both having a copy I can lend friends, and a physical backup if my harddrives decide to give out for whatever reason. 




 I feel like all the posts here are from non-Canadians. Here's a short summary of stereotyped Canadian culture from my experience living here all my life:

Yes we're usually nice. No we don't apologize for everything.

Tim Hortons makes the worst cup of coffee in the country.

Maple syrup is amazing. This is a fact.

We don't say "aboot" we just talk faster than Americans.

Our military is small because no one doesn't like us.

Tim Hortons coffee again. Seriously, they could burn iced cappuccinos. 




 I love the groups that still try to make it not a race, with both sides working towards a massive brawl. Unfortunately, my battlegroup has a win ratio of 99:1 for alliance, whereas I play Forsaken warlock.

Edit: Alterac and Isle are the only battlegrounds Alliance has a chance at winning in this battlegroup, so the other battlegrounds are fun. 




 Not to one-up you, but I'd rather read *Mein Kampf* than play *any* FF game. 




 Doesn't matter what demograph you fall under, if you perpetuate a negative stereotype, I have nothing but negative thoughts about you.

Not to pick on anyone in particular, but I used to see a guy in a wheelchair daily around my former place of work. Panhandled every single day, finally I got fed up with him. I asked why he can't work.

"I'm in a wheelchair!"

"How are your hands? Do they function?"

"Yeah, sure!"

There you go. 




 I think she did a fantastic job with Christian Bale in American Hustle. I got into her character so much I didn't realize who the actress was until credits. 




 But it's background noise to put on Netflix at 2am, so there's that. 




 One of my closest friends is maybe 150 pounds, and eats half his weight in a week. 




 Sorry ladies, but we can't live without you. Even gay guys need women in their lives 




 Not exactly intentional, but the nature of the culinary field I'm in, you will cut yourself in the early years of training, without fail. We chalk it up as "war wounds" and "battle scars." 




 Same thing goes for military and security jobs; you signed up for it, now shut up and do your job. 




 We don't need to, it's rap.

There's my unpopular opinion. 




 A lot of jurisdictions toss it because there is always a margin of error in every case. There have been documented cases of death penalties given out, only to find out it was the wrong person.

Im curious to what opinion you have to make this a regular sentencing again. 




 Thank you! Trying to remember was bothering me. 




 I like A W over all the other brands, except maybe a very close tie with the brand that has a crow on it. Every time I visit the States, I load up on that stuff for the week or so I'm there.

Last time I saw it, Mennards had it on a pallet. 




 How do you watch any Christopher Walkin movie? 




 I did not know that. Still cool, still south! 




 Stunlocked for daaaays 




 Guilty of this. So much stereotyping of the south makes it hard, especially when NASA basically lives in Texas and Florida. 




 Does a handle designed to be pulled on the push side count? 




 My ex always carries an egg shaped stone around to help her anxiety. She knows damn well its just a rock, but its more of a safety blanket concept than magic. 




 Sometimes I randomly get a bad taste in my mouth and reflexively spit, but I try to check if anyone is around first. 




 Lottery: for people bad at math! 




 That reminds me to recycle the coke bottle I drank on the bus 




 Same mentality, but if looks could kill, I'd be dead every other week. 




 Most people don't even understand gun control. 




 What the hell kinda metalhead were you? All the ones I knew were jeans and band shirt types. 




 Went to high school with a guy that seemed to pull it off. He was tall, skinny but obvious that he worked out, and it fit his classic/hard rock interests and personality. He got glasses and it made him look hipster Rastafarian, but not really in a bad way. 




 Tesla died poor, you can thank him for your home electricity.

Also would like to add, a life and a job are separate, a life and a career are one. A career should reflect who you are, not the bills you need to pay. 




 If success is an account balance, society already failed. 




 I've caught myself doing this on a couple occasions, and its involved in political debates around the concept of separating religion and politics on a legal level. Making religious influence on politics barred comes up a lot in my circles, especially around topics of civil liberties.

Recently in the news, there's a athiest military pilot who is losing his contract soon because he won't make an oath to god. He has been willing to omit just the 4 or 5 words involving religion, but the U.S. Air Force is not moving on their position, and now face a civil rights lawsuit. 




 His career is his biggest joke.

Edit: so this is my new, most downvoted comment. Good, finally getting a reaction out of you guys. Even if that reaction is supporting a terrible "comedian." 




 I'll be the one Canadian to say it:

Poutine is trash. Waste of good fries. When you drown golden, crispy awesomesticks in gravy, and cheese curds *shudders*, all you get is an overpriced, soggy, disappointing meal. Might be better if any place can actually melt the cheese, or not use cheese curds (I really hate curds), but until that day, I'll take my money to buy a good plate of food, for probably cheaper. 




 Luckily you are not one of the three types of customers that need a slow, painful eradication;

One, the customer that literally can't shut up and let you work.

Two, the customer that barely acknowledges your existence, making it impossible to serve them.

Three, the customer that thinks "the customer is always right" justifies being a spineless piece of shit.

Everyone in customer service-like roles loves you! 




 Last time I went snowboarding, half the hill had some construction going on, but no one was checking to make sure the workers were staying in their area. Turns out they weren't, kicked up big rocks and shit, to be snowed over in a thin layer of white. So I go down the hill, hit one of the rocks. It knocks me over, I roll down into more rocks, nearly busting up my knee caps. If my aunt who was there wasn't a nurse, I probably would have gone to a hospital to see if theres any damage. I refuse to go down a hill again. 




 Being a shaman that wasnt created until well after ICC was released, I feel like I missed out on this sorta thing.

On the bright side my affliction warlock was unstoppable. 




 Soon, the blood of a virgin and your firstborn will be required. 




 Best click of my life! 




 When I was 12 the first artist I liked was Billy Joel, that evolved into Queen, The Beatles, Van Halen, Def Leppard, Stones, Iron Maiden, etc...

Lately I listen to a lot of Dire Straits and The Cure, throw in some European rock/metal.

Edit: thought I'd mention I'm 19 now. 




 Someone insert Lenny face for me please 




 I feel ya bud. Been doing it for years. It's not always weird or nothing to say. 




 Theres a joke here, somewhere... 




 Im guilty of this sometimes, but only because fuck you Adobe and your new "update" every week. 




 This is my mother, which blows my mind becauses shes been an accountant for 20 years, can use a calculator at light speed but can't type with even half her fingers. 




 Running the same instances over and over to level cap is the reason I don't level tanks or healers anymore. I recently leveled a Forsaken rogue 1-90 in 74 playing hours exclusively with quests, give or take an hour or two farming what few low level (or any level) Alliance still play on Area 52. I try to visit areas I haven't been through in a long time, which dramatically improves the leveling experience.

As for endgame, Cataclysm, while having a few cool raid mechanics in some fights, was largely unchallenging; Pandaria is faceroll. Nearly cleared Mogushan Vaults in first week of raiding in 2012, which prompted me to take a year and half hiatus from the game, before returning for PvP this spring. Flexible raiding does improve the raid scene, while LFR is pure cancer (I haven't had a group that could clear any raid in months). Unfortunately, Blizzard doesn't know what the game needs anymore, and is leaving LFR while removing Flex.

If anyone decides to want to try WoW again, I would highly recommend avoiding any raids and switching to ranked PvP. Yes, most people are idiots and will throw games. Join a good guild, get some gear, and do some arenas and rated battlegrounds. At first it will likely be easy as you climb the rsting ladders, but around 2000 or higher rating, you'll get stuck. And that's where the challenged and the fun begins.

TL:DR; stop raiding, start beating up players, the PvE community is for filthy casuals. 




 WoW. Yeah, I don't play that anymore... *cough* 




 When you have 1tb hdd available, why wouldnt you dump junk files cluttering ssd onto it?

I hear it constantly, "mechanical is so great you should ge-" no, go away. The clicking alone is reason not to get it. Then you have to press at least twice as far per keystroke. Thats wasted time. 




