 will do! 









 I read somewhere a while back that it was Michael Jordan who accidentally started the look. After he went pro, he continued to wear his "lucky" college shorts underneath his NBA uniform, making his NBA shorts ride a little lower. People tried to copy the cool lower-riding shorts...fast forward... ankle pants! 




 There is, they have to sign it for us to work on it, and those never hold up in court... :/ 




 If she was a former employee, she knows how easy it is to get money from big retail corporations. Best Buy normally tries to settle things like this out of court... I would assume since it IS going to court that Best Buy has substantial doubt. 




 When someone actually PAYS you to do the service though, you run the risk of them perpetually saying the problem was never fixed and you become almost indebted to them. Fix it quick and free and there is no further obligation to assist them and if they are being annoying about it, you can politely decline since money isnt on the table. 




 As a former employee, they go over all of this like CRAZY. Data privacy is Geek Squads #1 priority. 
I'll preface that I could care less whether Best Buy loses money getting sued. BUT, everyone has an anti-corporation mentality, so 95% of the time that people take Best Buy to small claims, they win since everyone assumes that they MUST have been screwed over because it was a corporation. 

Some examples include: Guy left his laptop to get fixed, takes a few days and he never comes to pick it up. In our system, we had over 20 logged calls to both his numbers, and 2 letters that he had to sign for saying we were going to recycling his computer if he didnt pick it up. He even signed paperwork saying he would pick it up within 30 days of us calling him, and store policy is keeping it for 120. We recycled it after 8 months, and he came in 3 months later looking to pick it up. Apparently the settlement was twice the ORIGINAL value of a 4 year old laptop.
Guy brings in a TV that Best Buy had never sold and it has a hole in the screen. He said he purchased an extended warranty (doesn't cover damage like that anyways) but no one could find a receipt of it, obviously. Same thing, settled for an amount WAY higher than its worth.

Also, the services may seem expensive to someone who knows what they're doing, but to older people that have no other method of learning or getting things fixed, it was a useful service that many people told me that they were grateful we even OFFERED them.

TL;DR: Yes, people take HUGE advantage of corporations. In my experience, if you legitimately got screwed over, the managers would bend over backwards to help since they knew if legal action is ever taken, they lose. 




 49 cents for shipping
 




 The news is reporting an 8 year old boy was among the two dead, so hopefully at least one of the girls made it. 




 Use www.ninite.com. You can do all your updates in one go and it doesn't ever download any crapware! 




 I 100% agree, the price gouging is ridiculous and no one needs $200 HDMI cables. I'm also not saying that unscrupulous salesmen are around... BUT the extra $$ on items is essentially the cost of having a sales staff at your disposal that can answer questions and give you face to face customer service... something that makes no difference for ME, but for many people, especially older generations, face to face interactions are a requirement, they simply don't want to or dont trust other methods.

Everyone uses the HDMI example when refering to price gouging as it is probably one of the worst products this happens with (and as someone that has a better than average perception of A/V theory, expensive HDMI is bogus). Otherwise, the prices aren't really that outrageous. Compare prices with newegg sometime, they're almost always the same.

Before I worked retail, I would have argued all the same points as I too thought it was ridiculous, but once you realize how desperate a lot of people are, you realize the services offered, albeit expensive, are a huge resource for many people. I have tons of stories of me telling people cheaper/better options, but they want to spend the money for a large variety of reasons.  I've heard countless tales of people coming from Mom and Pop stores with horror stories, just like any huge retailer. I've also seen ridiculous customer service, e.i. people dropped their brand new TV and got a new $2000 TV, something that would be difficult to do online or at a mom and pops shop. 

I personally agree with a lot of what your saying, but there's a whole other perspective you probably haven't seen or experienced that changes a lot of things 




 Yes, this is true, but you clearly know how to use the internet. The majority of people out there are clueless when it comes to new technology and need to go into a store to actually be able to talk to someone about what they need. That extra service (and the convenience of having it right there) will cost you extra sometimes. 

Also,Best Buy price matches Amazon, Newegg, tigerdirect, etc... and a lot of other big box stores do similar price matching 




 For those not familiar with Windows 8, there is a "Live tile" for your photos, that automatically scrolls through anything in your pictures library. Well... some guy came in for us to take a look at his new 27" All-in-one PC. I set it up and begin on the paperwork. When I turn around to look at the computer, which was facing the customer, the Live tile was scrolling through pictures of the man getting a blowjob from some white woman. The bad part was that the woman he came in with was black. The next few minutes while I was finishing up the paperwork were very cringe-worthy as I didn't my counter to erupt into a Maury episode if the woman were to glance over, luckily she didnt. 




 A nice family came in to purchase a new computer (iMac) and wanted all their data transfer from their old PC to the new one. I ended up dealing with the family substantially more than than a normal customer because the first Mac had some issues out of the box and we had to swap it. Anyways... Data is transferred, everything is good. Mom, dad, son and daughter are all super excited to get the new computer home. 

About an hour and a half later, I get a scathing phone call from the previously friendly mother accusing me of putting porn on their new computer. I try to explain to her that there is no reason I would do that (It would take time, they were nice customers, i could get fired?!) and tell her to come in so we can investigate. 

As it turns out, when they opened up their photo viewer for the first time, it populated ALL photos on the computer... including all the uncleared temp files which included some heavy fetish porn and gore. The priceless part was explaining this to the furious mother as both her son and husband were bright red standing right next to her.
 




 You have two refrigerators?!
 




 This was listed a few days before the Eldridge... _
 




 Not quite.
http://www.countycomm.com/microhook.html 




 Fresh Balls. FreshBalls was created to take care of the problems the other companies forgot about. Here at Freshballs we take pride in using natural products that not only solve the problem, but they are good for the skin.

Site: http://freshballs.com/

Video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded v=n2Jy90PDiSA 




 I built the TriTrix a few years back. For the price point, they are phenomenal. There are other TriTrix varieties that make the cabinet smaller that would make excellent center and surrounds. Throw a sub into the mix and you have an outstanding HT setup... Good luck! 




 SOG's Pentagon Elite series has a similar look to the mini-convert although it is a larger knife 




 I had a lady bring in her keyboard and insisted I take the viruses off of it. After trying to explain that virus's can only infect the "box" everything connects to, she asked me to remove the virus's from her computer...at home... with the keyboard I had in store. When I told her that would be impossible and the would have to bring the computer in, she insinuated that I was incompetent at my job... :/ 














 *Be adventurous, take reasonable risks.

*If you don't like something, change it; if you can't change it, stay positive and deal with it the best you can. 

*Bad things happen, you WILL get over every single thing and grow from it.

*Dealing with the fallout from things you procrastinated is almost always more difficult than doing the work in the first place.

*Keep an open mind, always learn, and LOVE LIFE! 




 Investopedia.xom
 




 The top knife is a Buck Ecco (either 3.0 or 2.5). It's a great little knife. I love the drop point/serrated sheepsfoot combo. Enjoy! 




 I currently live in Skagway and work as a tour guide if anyone has questions! 




 No, no! I've toured all over the lower 48 and I'm currently working a seasonal bike touring job in AK. My contract ends in September and I'm looking for another seasonal position outside the U.S.  Alaska is great!!  




 I'm trying to find a seasonal position somewhere preferably outside the U.S.  I've been leading cycling tours all around the U.S. for the past few summers and currently, I'm a cycling guide in Alaska. I'm an engineering student trying to get some worldly experience before I jump into the "real world". Thanks!!

Edit: I'm not necesarily looking for a cycling job and have a lot of  outdoor experience, as well as many years experience in food service and bartending. 




 Haha, I love that game! Never noticed this before! 




 Same, I'm a student with no kids and I would love to help out. I can afford up to $60 from amazon or any other reputable website. Nothing beats happy kids :) 




 90% engineers, go figure :P  




