 With gay issues largely eliminated by the recent Supreme Court decision, the 2 parties that rule the US have to preserve *some* [wedge issues](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wedge_issue), right?

If not, people might notice that *both* of our ruling parties are war-loving, civil liberties-stomping, pro-corporate, right-of-center capitalist political parties who don't give a rat's ass about average or poor Americans. 




 Is this surprising? This is the "[Starve the Beast](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Starve_the_beast)" strategy. It's been advocated and used by the far right to privatize/corporatize government for decades. They're now doing the same thing to public education.

From the point of view of capitalists, public ownership of anything is an error; why have publicly-owned services/institutions when you can have privately-owned for-profit corporations?

 "Theres class warfare, all right, but its my class, the rich class, thats making war, and were winning." -- Warren Buffett, the 2nd richest man in the world. 




  So what about Sanders? 

I hope he does well. He's clearly superior to any of the other Republicans or Democrats running.

But with that said, there's not a snowball's chance in hell that Sanders will win the Democratic nomination. Once upon a time, Sanders was a sort of socialist. Today he's nothing more than an old-school 60s-style liberal.

The rich people who fund the Democratic Party will simply not allow such a candidate to be nominated. The Democrats tolerate Sanders now because they'll use him to rope in gullible progressives and young people into supporting the Democrats. Then 1/3 or 1/2 way through the primaries, the big corporate money will roll in and they'll choose Hillary or some other Democrat that will push their wars and pro-corporate, neo-liberal agenda.

By the time the actual Democratic nominee runs against the Republican nominee, Sanders' rhetoric and whatever influence he had on the Democratic nominee during the primaries will be forgotten. Those gullible young people and progressives will then be expected to hold their nose and to vote for the pro-corporate Democratic "lesser evil" and try to forget that they're still voting for evil.

That's the way our 2-party dictatorship works. 




 Well, if that winds up to be true, it's time to dump Iceweasel too. 




 To answer your question, I don't know. But I do know there were protests by some Texans to the crimes committed by Bush.

Increasingly, on issues of militarism, the surveillance state and foreign policy in general, more and more Americans are seeing that there's not a dime's worth of difference between Republicans and Democrats. They're both war-loving parties aggressively advocating further expansion of the American empire, no matter how much it impoverishes the American people. 




 An incoherent cartoon.

The first 5 panels should be huge anvils, larger anvils than in the 6th panel.

The cartoon is propaganda because at no time did the EU/Troika intend on rescuing Greece. The 6th panel is accurate because Tsipras sold out and went against the will of the Greek people and finally accepted the EU/Troika's austerity (albeit in a slightly smaller form).

 




 It should not be surprising that Russia is responding to the US' aggression and low-level warfare.

The Nat'l Endowment for Democracy[sic] is nothing more than a US government front corporation used to fund dissidents in targeted countries and to destabilize them. Every country on the planet should kick the NED out if they actually want to claim to be and remain sovereign.

The question I have for the other corporations that Russia intends on kicking out is if they receive $0.01 of money from the US government. If so, then it's a no-brainer that they should be kicked out too. So-called NGOs that receive government money are simply not *N*GOs. 




 Ahh, the old conspiracy smear.

Do you deny that the US government lies like I said above? Do you deny that they have committed unapologetic torture as a national policy and now refuse to enforce the laws and int'l treaty and to prosecute the criminals?

It's absolutely stupid to take the government's word about military and geo-political matters -- stupid!

Again, Texans' objections could be easily rendered moot simply by embedding reporters in the military units -- so why is the government not doing that? 




  Theyre not inviting any media to embed with the units, said Johnston, and its important for Americans to step up and look around and say, OK, what are you doing? Well, its secret. Not if its in public  its no longer secret.

Our evil government *routinely* lies to the American people and the world. We've seen they will lie to start wars, they will lie about spying/surveillance on Americans, and we've seen that our government will unapologetically commit the most heinous war crimes. Thus, it's only logical for people to be suspicious of these military exercises.

 In this hysterical climate  and given a lack of detail from the army  outlandish claims have proliferated.

That's not surprising, is it?

The government could easily blow away these outlandish claims by embedding journalists with the military units doing the training. The fact that the government is not doing this *should* raise suspicions. 




 Iceweasel. The current "stable" version of Debian's Iceweasel does not have pocket in it, and I would be shocked if it is in any released version.

Debian's militant free-software attitude can on occasion be a PITA -- but far, far more often it's a blessing! 




 Yet another reason to dump Firefox.

Firefox was great in its time, but that time has passed and Firefox has now fallen into the category of non-free software chasing money as its top priority. 




 Parliament still has to vote on this, right?

It's time for the Greek people to rise in protest against this neo-liberal sellout and to put pressure on their parliamentary "representatives" to kill the deal no matter what Tsipras agreed to.

 Syrizas betrayal has not only landed Greece in an even more nightmarish economic position, it has generated enormous confusion in the working classa dangerous situation that will only strengthen the fascist Golden Dawn party and facilitate preparations by the military for a possible coup.

*This* is the real risk... :( 




 Fences/walls seem like a logical solution, and sometimes they have some short-term success, but their primary function is their strong emotional appeal for the wall-builders.

History screams that humans are very good at breaching walls and the wall will fail in the long term.

Just ask the Chinese how successful their wall was at keeping the Mongols out, or how successful the US' southern wall is at keeping Mexicans out. And yet this story is about a 490' test wall? Good luck with that Hungary...

 Fast fact: More people died in the *first* *year* along the US-built wall on the Mexican border than were killed in the *entire* *history* of the Berlin Wall. 




 Here's another "when" question...

We've seen Reddit's corporate response about censorship (even though the corporation has changed figureheads).

With the rampant, routine censorship that happens on Reddit -- *especially* on the very popular sub-reddits (news, politics, worldnews, etc.) -- censorship that has a clear pro-US/pro-western slant, how long before we can admit that this is far more than just a problem of a few rogue "moderators"?

One would think that the entire upvote/downvote system would be the "censorship", with moderators doing little more than killing overt spam.

But that is not the case -- instead the moderators are actively twisting rules to outright censor articles based on political views, all while Reddit claims ignorance and blames things on the "liberty" of the moderators and uses a "freedom excuse" of "just go start your own sub-reddit". 




 How long before we can openly admit that, just like the fact that we have used Muslim fundamentalists as US proxy soldiers for decades, the US is behind ISIS and is merely using ISIS for short-term geo-political purposes?

Can we admit the obvious now? Or do we have to wait a few years until Time or the NYT "breaks the story" long after it no longer is important? 









  While the U.S. waged a war in Vietnam 50 years ago with 2.7 million men conscripted from every segment of society, less than one-half of 1% of the U.S. population is in the armed services today  the lowest rate since World War II.

We should be clear about why this happened.

We no longer have a military made up of a rough cross-cut of citizens of the country. Today we have a form of Praetorian Guard -- an elite, privileged military force with little relationship to the country the military claims to serve.

The US government ran into *heavy* opposition to its immoral war on Vietnam. We all know about the anti-war protests here in the US, but in the actual military itself anti-war resistance was *huge*. This included not only the killing of gung-ho officers by US soldiers ("[fragging](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fragging)"), but all sorts of other resistance. The situation became so bad that in 1971 the Pentagon counted 503,926 "incidents of desertion" since 1966 and reckoned that more than half of US ground forces in Vietnam openly opposed the war.

Think about that -- *half* of the (mostly conscripted) US soldiers in a war zone *openly* opposed the war. That's an astonishing fact and clearly hints at a possible mass rebellion. (The documentary "[Sir! No Sir!](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0469589/)" on this topic is *definitely* worth watching.)

So what was the solution?

The Pentagon chose to adopt the exact same strategy/tactic used by the British Empire -- the "professional" army. This was openly and candidly discussed in military journals of the immediate post-Vietnam era.

So the US abandoned the draft of its citizens, increased military pay a bit, started massive advertising campaigns, and created a volunteer military.

The volunteer military is more expensive, but it yields two distinct advantages to our war-loving politicians:

* The first is that the soldiers volunteer for their duty. This means the military can easily squelch most dissent in the military simply by reminding soldiers that they volunteered.

* It means that fighting unpopular wars does not generate anywhere near as much public opposition as is generated by fighting wars with an army of conscripts. (And today we have the unending wars and experience to prove this!)

These are huge advantages. And they avoid some of the "problems" of an army of conscripted citizens.

For example, when the Egyptian people revolted against their US-backed dictator, we saw the disadvantage (or *advantage*?) of an army of conscripts -- the soldiers refused to fire on the peaceful protesters and the dictator fell from power. Later, when the US-backed/armed/funded Egyptian military overthrew their new elected government, the military had to use special elite units who would follow orders to slaughter the civilian supporters of the elected government to enact a reign of terror on the civilian population.

One problem of the imperial "professional" army is lightly touched on by this article: the military is far more distant from the people/country it claims to be "serving".

We see this happening today in the US. People give faux polite deference to the military and its soldiers, but we really don't care what those soldiers are going through. This is only common sense, since deep down many Americans know that the sacrifices of US soldiers have nothing to do with serving our country, but the military instead functions in reality to seize markets, complete corporate conquests and to wage imperial struggles decided by our out-of-touch political class.

The sad thing is that we know where this all leads. Anyone familiar with the history of the Roman Empire should know about the deteriorating republic, the economic decline, and the rise of rampant militarism followed by the seizing of power by tyrants.

But of course, we're a "exceptional" country. We're immune to history and human nature -- right? Right?

 "I spent 33 years and four months in active military service and during that period I spent most of my time as a high class thug for Big Business, for Wall Street and the bankers. In short, I was a racketeer, a gangster for capitalism." -- USMC Maj. Gen. Smedley Butler, winner of 2 Congressional Medals of Honor. 




 Are you aware that this story is about Yemen, which is quite a distance from Palestine? 




 One has to laugh at the embedded propaganda in this article.

For example, if Thailand was doing something the US approved of, there is no way the author/editors would have called the Thai government a "military junta". 




 Greece is officially not a sovereign country, and the Greek people know that it is certainly no "democracy" where the will of the people count.

Instead, Greece is ruled by unelected capitalists.

Tsipras should resign in disgrace, and if not, the Greek people should riot until he flees office. 




 Doesn't selling tainted heroin directly and negatively impact other people? Thus, your analogy is highly flawed.

Greedy capitalists have imported foreign labor for well over a century to make themselves richer. Today greedy employers eagerly seek out and employ undocumented workers to maximize their profits, and they are literally breaking the law when they do that.

But yet rather than prosecute the rich heads of these criminal enterprises, our corrupt government instead go after the "little people" who are just seeking to work, take care of their families, and to improve their lives.

We see this over and over again with our corporate-controlled government -- the rich are blessed and are essentially untouchable, and the poor are persecuted and oppressed.

Another example of this is the recent financial/housing implosion and crimes. Banksters committed massive frauds, almost destroyed the entire country's financial system, crimes that resulted in sinking our economy into a deep recession and causing *millions* of Americans to lose their homes.

But yet what do we see? We see simple class warfare at work.

We see our corrupt attorney general cutting backroom deals with criminal banks. No banksters go to prison for their massive frauds and the anti-trust laws are ignored and not enforced. And recently, the corrupt attorney general gets his payoff -- by taking a high-paying position with a law firm representing the criminal banks that he worked to protect. Again, just another example of our corrupt government refusing to enforce the laws against the rich and instead allowing poor people to be screwed.

You can call it "justice" to persecute some immigrant seeking to work to take care of his family, while ignoring the big-time criminals who are exploiting that immigrant. But do not expect others to swallow this warped view of how our country works.

 "Theres class warfare, all right, but its my class, the rich class, thats making war, and were winning." -- Warren Buffett, the 2nd richest man in the world. 




 We're a capitalist society and worship greed and our economy.

The NGOs aren't really cashing in, it's more like they're making their jobs permanent and ensuring continuing funding for their corporations.

 "Bureaucracy defends the status quo long past the time when the quo has lost its status." -- Laurence J. Peter. 




 It doesn't matter what the law says the penalty is about hiring undocumented immigrants -- like our anti-trust laws, our corporate-controlled government simply refuses to enforce the law. Hell, in some cases the US government actually warns the corporation/employer in advance (so they can clean up their act and get their books in order) and then sweeps in to arrest the undocumented workers who are just trying to work and take care of their families.

That's what we're supposed to call "justice" here in the "land of the free".

 "All the props of a democracy remain intact - elections, legislatures, media - but they predominantly function at the service of the oligarchy."  Richard Wolff 




 But why bother to clone the dinos -- haven't you seen Jurassic Park and learned they're fraught with problems?

[There's an easier solution...](http://imgur.com/gallery/x85F3gU) 




 NPR: National Propaganda Radio. 




 Or perhaps the lesson should be that the apartheid regime should stop its ethnic cleansing/land thefts and follow international law and withdraw from the territories it seized in a war of aggression in 1967 and illegally occupies to this very day? 




 Two reasons immediately come to mind:

* Nationalistic indoctrination. We're indoctrinated to be skeptical about "conspiracy theories" and anything that is highly critical of the US government. This nationalistic indoctrination starts when we're young and comes at us in a gazillion ways, some overt and many subtle.

* The fact that the rich people that own the US corporate mass media^1 who are under-reporting this story are the same people who control *both* of the political parties that rule the US, and the same people who profit from US wars and control our economy.

Footnote: 1 -- Note that this article is from a British newspaper, not an American one. While I have no doubt the NYT probably reported this story, the NYT will both bury the story on its inside pages, spin the story and put the essential/damning facts at the *end* of the article where few will read them. Those are typical ways the US corporate mass media under-reports or "buries" a story. 




  There are good journalists and journalism you know.

Sure, there are good journalists. But every single human on the planet has varying levels of bias -- it's inherent to us and the way our brains work. Just something as simple as our core values introduce bias. And these biases result in varying amounts of spin in the writing of journalists.

I see The Economist as a magazine that typically puts a pro-capitalist and pro-western subtle spin on its articles. You might see it differently.

Either way, facts don't lie. We need to take the time to think, be skeptical, and to separate spin, nationalism and bias from the facts, and to then analyze only the facts reflected against our own core values. 




  If it was as simple as making it free, there wouldn't have been so few people attending college during the 60s and 70s.

Remember the times. Then the gap between the rich and poor was much, *much* less than it is now -- thus, a college education was less important. Also, good-paying, lifetime manufacturing and blue-collar jobs were in abundance -- again, a college education was less important.

Also, colleges and universities then had semi-hard requirements for entrance; a stark contrast to today where colleges basically will enroll anyone with a pulse and a HS diploma.

 Costs didn't start to explode until universities became heavily subsidized and more people could afford to go. 

It's more than that. Colleges have *always* been heavily subsidized.

The student loan/debt peonage system completely divorced tuition costs from economic reality, thus allowing colleges to go hog wild with new buildings and frills that are barely related to education.

The debt peonage system is banksterism gone wild.

For example, when I was a tenure track college professor I was shocked at what happened to the grading system. The "D" grade was essentially eliminated, and I had to have a very, very, very good reason for flunking a student. The reason? Because financial aid and student loans required a "C" average. The college (and I saw this at multiple schools) was simply shifting the academic standards to match where the money was coming from -- non-profit does *not* mean "immune to financial incentives/realities".

Watching clueless young college students get cash "kickbacks" from the student loans they were taking out was simply disgusting to me. They had no clue as to what they were getting themselves into. Dirt poor -- but rich in student loans -- working-class students paying outrageous costs for off-campus apartments, going on Caribbean vacations, and other similar luxuries simply made no economic sense in any sane world.

But that is the reality of the debt peonage system that our corrupt government created. And instead of changing or "reforming" the immoral system, instead the government expanded student loans to include *for-profit* colleges! Corruption and private profit: it's capitalism's way!

 "Students who acquire large debts putting themselves through school are unlikely to think about changing society. When you trap people in a system of debt they can't afford the time to think. Tuition fee increases are a disciplinary technique, and by the time students graduate, they are not only laded with debt, but have also internalized the disciplinarian culture. This makes them efficient components of the consumer economy." -- Noam Chomsky. 




 The Germans *have* *to* humiliate and punish Greece. They have to set an example for countries like Italy and Spain, which also chafe and gripe at the austerity inflicted on them by their German banker overlords.

The entire Euro system is an abomination. It gives capitalists and banksters massive power and authority, but the common people are not represented in any real way. For those reasons, the Euro is undemocratic and we should be hoping the entire system collapses. 




 Good! Putin's position is right. It is absurd to the point of insanity that if India wants to trade with Brazil that the trade has to be done in US dollars.

That's not independence; that's not sovereignty. That is the US having a de facto financial empire. 




 It's amazing that our mass media describes Tsipras as a "leftist."

Just nationalize the banks -- problem solved.

 "I believe that banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies...The issuing power should be taken from the banks and restored to the Government, to whom it properly belongs." -- Thomas Jefferson. 




  Why did Obama honor that when the generals on the ground told him it's not safe?

Because to violate that *agreement* would have clearly shown that the US is a pariah, outlaw state that treacherously breaks international agreements. We are that, of course, but for Obama to break that agreement would have *screamed* that fact aloud, screamed it so loudly and so plainly that no moral/honest person could argue otherwise.

Obama wisely decided to cut his losses and to abandon our immoral war of aggression. No big deal, it just meant losing another war; we've had quite a few such losses.

 Yeah, he should've ignored that contract, that's what a good leader would do

Do you not have a shred of honor, truthfulness, morality or justice?

The only "good leader" that did such things was named "Hitler" and he is considered to be the literal epitome of evil.

 "If certain acts of violation of treaties are crimes, they are crimes whether the United States does them or whether Germany does them, and we are not prepared to lay down a rule of criminal conduct against others which we would not be willing to have invoked against us." -- Justice Robert Jackson, Chief of Counsel for the United States at the post-WWII Nuremberg War Crimes Trials, and later US Supreme Court justice. 




 I asked a simple question that could be answered with either "yes" or "no".

Instead of answering the question, you ignored it and went on to claim people opposed to the war are an "extreme minority".

That is lying propaganda. Even CNN had to admit 2 years ago that the "[Afghanistan war arguably most unpopular in U.S. history](http://politicalticker.blogs.cnn.com/2013/12/30/cnn-poll-afghanistan-war-most-unpopular-in-u-s-history/)."

The rich people who fund and control both of our ruling political parties have not learned a damned thing from losing the wars in Vietnam or Iraq. Rather than cutting our losses, declaring "victory" and leaving the disasters we deliberately created, our government is continuing to run up debt (largely to China and Japan), to saddle our children and grandchildren with more taxes and debt, and to impoverish the country.

Extreme minority my ass. We just don't see the views of the American people reflected in the corporate mass media's news reporting. Considering that the rich people who control our political parties and fund our politicians are the same rich people who own the mass media, this is hardly surprising.

Have a nice day.

 "Of all the enemies to public liberty, war is perhaps the most to be dreaded, because it comprises and develops the germ of every other. War is the parent of armies; from these proceed debts and taxes...known instruments for bringing the many under the domination of the few...No nation could preserve its freedom in the midst of continual warfare." -- James Madison, Political Observations, 1795. 




  Lol yep we should have just said oh too bad!

   Well, that's your suggestion.

   I would have publicly produced the evidence of Bin Laden's involvement (assuming we actually had evidence), and had Bin Laden tried in an international court for the whole world to see.

   Considering the fact that Russia was critical for years in allowing NATO to supply our troops in Afghanistan (especially during the time Pakistan refused to allow US/NATO supplies across Pakistan), it is highly likely that the Russians would have supported an international force under UN auspices to go into Afghanistan to deal with our former Muslim fundamentalist allies.

   But we did not do that. We decided to invade multiple countries and bankrupt ourselves.

 Thank fucking God people like you weren't in power on 9/11.

   Are you saying that turning the entire Middle East into a feuding hellhole, invading Afghanistan and causing allies like Italy to leave the country in disgust with the US, *wasting* thousands of American lives, *countless* Afghani and Iraqi lives, and wasting *trillions* of dollars on fruitless wars of aggression was actually a *smart* move?

   Those wars you celebrate have ruined our economy, have impoverished the American people and have shat whatever moral high ground we had down the toilet. Today the people of planet earth [see the US as the #1 threat to world peace](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/01/02/greatest-threat-world-peace-country_n_4531824.html).

   This should cause one to ask who are the *real* "patriots" and who are the *real* "anti-Americans".

 "In the future, I want my children to grow up with the belief that what I did here was wrong, in a society that doesn't deem that idea unpatriotic." -- 22 year old US Marine Alex Horton. 




  Can anyone explain this to me? 

Sure. It's the same dynamic of people citing the BBC, PBS, NPR, Voice of America, the CBC or any other state-sponsored media outlet.

*Every* media source applies spin. Some spin is overt, easy to spot and it raises our red flags (e.g. FOX News). Other spin is very subtle, seemingly objective, it bypasses our defenses and it is much harder to spot (e.g. NPR or the BBC). But the fact remains that *all* media sources apply spin.

RT is quite open about their spin -- bluntly saying they report news from the "Russian perspective". RT runs commercials using John Kerry's statement about RT being a "propaganda bullhorn" to highlight their bias.

We'd be a god-damned fool to assume that PBS or the CBC does not similarly spin news and report the news from the perspective of the governments that are funding them -- fools.

With that said, the issue becomes this: Separate the spin from the facts. Then ask yourself if the facts are true or if the media source is *lying.* 




  What if we started our own conference for our community on reddit or our own light political group?

A conference oriented around a for-profit corporation based on advertising.

Hmm...

Wouldn't it be better to work organizing your friends and neighbors in your real-life city, and working with other existing socialist/leftist groups? Wouldn't that have far more potential for *real-life* political impact and change?

Reddit might be fine for the moral support of a "choir", but online activism is essentially a diversion with little or no political impact.

 We could have the mixed democratic grouping of left perspectives that the American left has never had.

In the hey-day of the US Socialist Party, Eugene Debs got 6% of the vote of the American people in one election. Then came WWI and following the war the "Red Scare" and suppression of the Socialist Party, including everything from imprisoning socialists to American Legion goons burning down party headquarters in some cities.

Perhaps your first task is to get familiar with actual US history...

 American history to be proud of: On Christmas of 1971, Vietnam Veterans Against the War seized the Statue of Liberty for 48 hours and draped it with a banner demanding "Bring our Brothers Home." 




