 Thanks for that. I can't believe that happened.  




 Whatever, then. I'm not interested then.  




 Not one person here can tell me how tall or heavy they are in metric units, bro. Also people measure their dicksize in inches, bro.  




 What's that failed mission? 




 Do Americans even favour the imperial system or is it just too much of a pain to change? 




 I am sure nobody doubts this. Still the US and the UK use the imperial system. 




 Let's assume the moon is not going to be colonised by the US/China/Russia/etc... alone but as a joint effort by humanity as a whole.  




 Best feeling ever! 




 I would like to at least consider investing in my first home. However the 250k+ properties are out of my reach. I really only want a decent studio with kitchen or maybe 1 bedroom flat. 

I would be interested to hear what you guys think. 

Also has anybody tried to use help to buy scheme? 




 I have the month widget. Birthdays always show as actual birthday and also as event. I don't like that it's always shown twice. Any solution for that? (I sync my contacts with facebook and have them linked) 




 Hi guys, is there anything like the auto hibernation of greenify for non rooted phones? (z3c) 




 It is not only because there are other 5+ inch devices that are also good. It's because a big screen phone is nothing new. But a phone that you can use with one hand which has a great battery life and still is a flagship has not been seen so far  




 I am curious what rich people think poor (poorer) people are doing that is stupid or unreasonable. Why do you think they are poor or not as rich as you.

Anything goes.  




 Thanks 




 Cool. Thanks. That is what I was hoping for.  




 ah, ok. I started with a little under 84kg and now I am at 81. I read that losing 0.5kg per week is not healthy and realistic. I have been working out for more than 2 months now. 

Actually, writing it down it seems perfectly fine progress. 

I am not actually a beginner. I have worked out very irregularly the last 3 years. but I am not weak. 

No idea about bf%. I don;t know where to measure that. 
My TDEE with no excercise is 2100 and I eat 1600 a day. However I do work out 3 times a week. 

I appreciate you taking the time.  




 He is right. But what got me started was this because it is easy to start with and does not require any effort to get started. 

Some don't like bodyweightfitness but it is much better than doing nothing. 
http://www.reddit.com/r/bodyweightfitness/comments/1vupz1/rbodyweightfitness_it_has_taken_me_quite_a_while/ 




 go on... 




 so, this site tells me (depending on how much exercise I do, light or moderate) that I should eat 2400kcal (light exercise) or 2700kcal (moderate exercise) to maintain my weight. I am currently working out 3 times a week and trying to eat 1600kcal per day. Should I eat more than that to maintain my muscle?

edit: 174cm, 81.5kg, 30 years old male. 

and thank you btw.  




 Hey, thank you also for replying. I have also said this to somebody else. I would like to generally understand the workings of the body. I appreciate that some people are different. But I would like to know generally what eating at a deficit/surplus does to your body when you workout/don't workout.  




 Hey, thanks for replying. Basically, what I was aiming at was to gather knowledge. I just want to understand the principles of gaining/losing weight and gaining/losing muscle. 

But I am 174cm tall, weight 81.5kg am 30 years old and currently eat 1650 kcal a day. I am working out 3 times per week (bodyweightfitness) 




 Hello,

I have tried to ask this in /r/bodyweightfitness but had little luck. I think it might be interesting for many people so I am trying here one more time. 

Please could we collect information on what will happen in the following cases:

(Please assume the following just for the sake of an easy explanation: 2000kcal required for maintenance.)

Cases:

a) eating 1500kcal per day not working out

b) eating 1500kcal per day but working out (at least 3 times per week)

c) eating 2000kcal per day not working out

d) eating 2000kcal per day but working out (at least 3 times per week)

e) eating 2500kcal per day not working out

f) eating 2500kcal per day but working out (at least 3 times per week)

In all of these cases, what will happen to fat and muscle, will it increase, decrease or stay the same?

__

What I am assuming is this, but I think I might be wrong:

a) eating 1500kcal per day not working out

Amount of muscle: will decrease

Amount of fat: will decrease

b) eating 1500kcal per day but working out (at least 3 times per week)

Amount of muscle: will increase slightly

Amount of fat: will decrease

c) eating 2000kcal per day not working out

Amount of muscle: will decrease slightly

Amount of fat: will not change / increase slightly

d) eating 2000kcal per day but working out (at least 3 times per week)

Amount of muscle: will increase slightly

Amount of fat: will decrease slightly

e) eating 2500kcal per day not working out

Amount of muscle: will decrease slightly

Amount of fat: will increase

f) eating 2500kcal per day but working out (at least 3 times per week)

Amount of muscle: will increase

Amount of fat: will increase slightly

__

I would be really thankful if you guys could provide some information. Because at the moment I am not reaching my goals. I am eating -500kcal per day and doing bodyweightfitness 3 times a week . I am losing weight very slowly and hardly putting on any muscle. I am getting stronger though. However I would like to lose fat and gain muscle.

Many thanks in advance.

EDIT: 174cm, 81.5kg, 30yo male.  




 God, this sucks. 




 Why is that? 









 Free Internet porn.
For sure. Have you seen family guy? Even 1st would people who find out about it can't believe it at first  




 Best gif ever. I wish I could use that as my wallpaper

Edit: I am sure i can somehow. I am not actually interested to do that... 




 Apparently it is a LINE feature. What a coincidence.  




 Oh, ok. What a twist 




 Sorry, does great not mean better than good anymore? 




 Ah, alright. My SO has a MOTO G and I saw that on her phone when she gets a message through LINE. I though it was a LINE feature. 

Thank you.  




 Did you drug your dog to post him on the internet? 




 That is not correct either. It's just that Japanese idealize it. In the Japanese culture there are a few things everybody wants to do and Paris (or Mt Saint Michel for example) is one of them. It is being portrayed in a way that is completely unrealistic and people kind of expect a Disney Land like experience. Also it is not like this applies to the majority of Japanese. I think it is just a few idiots with no sense of reality who fall for the unrealistic image of Paris.    




 Yes, I agree. When you go to Paris with a Parisian and he shows you places where its not horrifically expensive it is amazing. French food and wine is worth the trip alone and in the Summer people in Paris sit by the river and drink all day long like students.   




 It's BS. I have been many times and whilst it has it's downsides (dirty, rude, dangerous at night near train stations or in the outer areas) it is amazing. Paris is absolutely worth going to, you just need to know its not all sunshine and gummy bears.  




 Don't forget the unbelievably rude Parisians.  




 I have that phone. The battery is great but it's not really 2 days. Seriously  




 I've got the z3c. Can I also do that? UK? 




 Sorry, what is active display? 




 And to commute to work? 




 Just by it from the UK.  Clove.Co.uk 




 Guess what: The blue lights are the only reason I think they look like Tron.  




 Fair enough. I think you have a point. But Sheldon is annoying as fuck and not entertaining. 




 He just becomes more and more ignorant to the fact he's annoying and that everything he says is rude. He has no periods where he is normal at all anymore  




 I feel like he is not saying single normal sentence anymore. 









 Cool thanks you. I'll do that  




 Thank you. Any good alternative to City Mapper for London? It eats battery  




 A little better than mine. 

Personally I do not like blue flowers a lot, but the pictures are nice. 




 I have to admit that the focus is not good though. 









 I am surprised this doesn't get more love. I think it is awesome. Really nice colours! 




 This would be a good phone wallpaper. 




 Sweet.  




 I am jealous. I where is this?

Edit: God, I do not read. It says where it is in the title. Sorry.  




 You're in good company  




 Is my understanding correct, that all the stars I see around the galaxy are stars from the milky way that are between that Sombrero Galaxy and us? 




 You don't like that? Don't buy it. Jesus Christ 




 Get the HTC M7 then. Full HD 4.7" , premium material. Stil quick enough for all you want to do. I used to have that phone. I also love the sense UI. I only changed to the z3c because of the battery and camera. I don't regret my choice. 

But keep in mind that the HTC One M7 only has a 0.1" bigger screen, but it also has the back and home button separate. The z3c has them on the screen. That means you get a screen with is 0.1" smaller and is also occupied by the navigation button at the bottom.  




 So, I also had the HTC M7 which is amazing in terms of looks and feel. I now have the black z3c and I love it. The plastic rim is nothing like the one of the HTC One M7 mini. It will nevrev bother me. I am sure about that. It is a bit see through so it does not look like cheap plastic at all.  




 Why do you recommend turning the X reality off? 




 I used to run 20 minutes before every workout. But I was a bit knackered afterwards for the workout. Now I run on different days and do 30-40 minutes. I HATE running but I feel so good after continously doing it 




 He means doing push ups one day and dips on the next. That's what start bodyweight recommends. 




 So, just to make it clear (because I am not seeing much progress):

Go all the way down until you just hang there with a straight arm? 




 What? I paid 10 for a pair. Shit

Edit: [Proof](http://www.tmlewin.co.uk/Metal-Collar-Bones-6.5cm/505097552699,en_GB,pd.html?prefn1=categoryCIMS start=0 cgid=Mens-Shirt-Accessories prefv1=Collar%20Bones). But of course this pair comes with a nice bag.  









 I thought that before. That should work. 




 I wanted 4 years of my life on this shit. No more 




 Exactly  




 True, but for me that does not justify being a dick

Edit: actually I just thought about it. Not necessarily. If everybody else would not tolerate that one asshole there would be no problem. 
 




 I do understand that very well, thank you. You are saying that people won't behave the way I suggest because it would only benefit them if everyone else also behaved that way. However it seems more likely to people that even if they behave correctly, everyone else won't thus putting themselves at a disadvantage. Therefore, they also behave incorrectly.

However, somebody needs to do the first step and bite the bullet. However it seems to me you won't be the one. 




 I disagree. People have high expectations for EVERYTHING. The way they get talked to by waiters, how their boss should behave, how their children should respect them, how they deserve this and should not be treated in this way... the list is endless. 

And that's all fine, if they are willing to treat people in the same way in return.  




 No, just "give what you expect to get". 




 Says everybody who is not willing to do the first step. 




 Sounds interesting.  Might actually give it a try  




 Just tried a few times. It's pretty much instantly if you use the touch screen. The hardware button is much slower though.

Edit: just realised, instantly is not specific. I think honestly, you can press the camera button, focus and take the pic in a second  




 Haha, you dick.  :) 




 Not sure if you are asking if I have regrets. But if you are, then:

I always think that every wrong decision is fine as long as at the time I made it, it seemed like the right decision considering what I knew then. I don't regret these decisions. 

Every time I was warned and did it anyway, those are the moments I regret.  




 Sort it out maybe? 




 Everybody should stop fucking people over for money. 

The problem is that even though you are in a position where you can get rich by:

- using inferior ingredients in the food you sell
- charging too much for your shitting product
- spying on people and then selling the data
- bla 
- bla 
- bla

The same thing is happening to you all the time because there are others out there who do the same. If everybody stopped doing it we could all live better lives. 




 Please make my life better. 




 I feel like everybody could end up being mentioned in here. People always think everybody else is stupid.  




 So white! 




 Sorry, that's not what I meant. 




 Cool. I'll give it a shot.

Thanks 




 Sorry to hear that. Maybe I was lucky then, I honestly dropped it more than 10 times. 




 I agree with you 100%. 

A person who has made a mistake should always have a second chance (hopefully they learn from it). I also believe that this forgetting thing only works after a long time anyway. 

However a company should have to provide an address, just to make sure they are not doing any shady stuff. I mean if your apps are legit, then there is no problem with that anyway.  




 I totally understand that. But my fingers are too short for the big screen.  




 why have you got duplicates?
I don't understand.  




 I bought if for 350. The compact, but I don't think that is expensive for a good phone.  




 Z3 compact has a burst mode. You click once, it take about 20 pictures and you select the best one. I have only tried it without actually wanting to take a picture but seems to be working fine.  




 I had a HTC One M7, dropped it a million time. I few bends, but the phone does not break even without a case. I loved the phone, because of Sense. Best UI in my eyes. But the battery life was terrible. I now got a Z3 compact and I think I will love it. No case either. Battery seems good, but I don't see it as being as amazing as everybody says.  




 How do you know?  




 Cool thanks  




 It's BS. Use street view and you will see that a lot of the outer areas of "greater Tokyo" are just farmland. 

It is not a good comparison because there are no "rules" for calling an area greater XXX. If they wanted they could call the whole of South West England greater London. 

Edit: Just look at the marked area here. It is just hills and forest. Same with all North East of it. 
http://imgur.com/8z06YN8 




 Has anybody seen a good example? I haven't. 

What kind of stuff do you look for? 




 I feel like the brackets are UNNECESSARY 




 [Vanilla Ice - Ice Ice Baby](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) 




 I agree. What does it matter what it says on the spec sheet. If it looks good, I'm fine with it.  




 Yep, my HTC One M7 is dead by the time I get on the bus home.  




 Nah, unfortunately they are simply not big enough. 

For example [this one](http://38.media.tumblr.com/45ff3d004d94899ba4d9cd907b0f7d17/tumblr_nadyoe0ilY1rtbxrwo1_500.jpg) is awesome, but the res is 500x750. No chance unfortunately. I don't think all the pictures have the same resolution, but none are big enough. 

I love the pictures though.  




 HTC One M7. 1920x1080 














 Haha! 




 Are you serious? There have been over 1000 fatalities so far. Survival rate is 10%. The whole of western Africa is about to collapse because of it. 

http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-28798542 




 I just saw there is a transort tycoon, not OPenTTD. Just baught it. Will give it a shot
 




 Thanks. I'll give it a try.  




 Cool. Did not know. Thanks.  














 Is it me or is the resolution way too small to use the pictures as wallpapers? 




 I really think it is too tight at the bottom, no? 









 Ok. Did not realise that. Thanks for sharing  




 First of all: amazing work. It looks brilliant and I love the idea. 
Can I ask what you are planning to integrate apart from Fb (which I don't really read) and twitter (which I don't really use?). Are you going to I crude an RSS reader? Or reddit? If that would be the case I'd be super interested in using it. 

However I also think it would be better if it was an launcher with a dedicated home screen where I can add my widgets. 

Or maybe slide left to a screen where you can only add widgets which can also be scrolled down just like the app drawer? Then it would be everything I need.  




 You are right, but I think it's fair to assume that by hold he means use. Why would you just hold a phone? I can also hold a 10 inch tablet in one hand but that information is pretty useless...  




 So, just accept nothing is ever going to change?  




 Does make a difference though. I always thought "Why is everything so cheap in Amercia?" But it seems it isn't.

Thanks 




 Pretty sure that was the plan.  




