 Hi,

I used to have an iPhone 4s and all push notifications (Facebook, Twitter, Skype etc..) were delivered instantly to my phone. Same thing goes for my mails. I recently bought an iPhone 5 and made it a copy of my 4s but push notifcations come in with a great delay or not at all, untill I open the app. I also noticed I'm being logged out of apps more often.
Does anyone have an idea how to fix this? Make the notifications/messages/mails instant again? Because this is rather annoying. Thanks alot!! 














 Yes, this is the right size, thank you! Too bad the resolution isn't better but this is almost perfect, thanks alot! 




 This is in the perfect direction! Would love the resolution a bit bigger tough, using this as a Timeline Cover would look blurry. But thanks a ton already! 




 So, as mentioned, I would love to use this picture http://www.ilikewallpaper.net/iphone-5-wallpaper/Longboard-Girl/5972, as my FB Timeline Cover but it was an iPhone wallpaper so is way too high. I would love to see it/her shopped into a fitting enviroment or something, with the dimensions being good for FB. 

Thanks to everyone helping me! Willing to offer a small reward if I really like it! 




 As a Belgian, I surrender. (Not as fast as France tough!) 




 Me in bronze: 'So you mean, if I rush these DT's and they don't have detection, I win? Awesome!!'

Yeah, I was that guy.. 









 OMG are you like sergeant Batista's son? When you talked with that accent, wow.. 




 if you tried this over here you'd get lynched by an angry mob who's iPhones got destroyed, just saying.. 




 Olaf: Just ban me, honestly 




 I raise your repost with a repost 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0g9jrZJmF8 feature=youtu.be 




 Btw, anyone knows when brackets are up? Says registration is today on the site. 




 Thank you for responding and good luck in Season 3! 




 [relevant](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKTpWi5itOM)
 




 Alot of stuff on the Deep Web, in particular CP. Especially the way those people talk about kids just creeps me out, they act like it all normal.. 




 Yes, what mdbjd said was correct, Riot has been criticised often because they tend to fall back on nerfing something they feel is too strong, rather then trying to balance it in another way, making alot of the campions feel the same and damaging the diversity. 




 I have got a Razor Blackwidow and I must say, I'm extremely satisfied with it. Not because of any changes in my play really (the keyboard is of course more then perfect for gaming) but just the way it feels when you type, the sound and the feel with every keystroke, nothing comes close imo. Once you go mech, you'll never go back :) 




 So there's just a forth of a pixel? 




 Yeah, not all roles are correct, just made as an example. And you wouln't be forced to put it there but you could, if you chose so.. 




 I think this would be a gread addition because I believe lesser known streams will have a higher chance of attractiong new viewers. Say for example, I main ADC so that's what I prefer to watch. Now, none of the 'big ADC names' is streaming, what I usually do is watch someone else 'famous', wether he plays my role or not.

Now, if this were to be added, I might click a guy I never heard of before just because I'de like to learn from him, and when I like him, I'll probably come back.
So, this will, in my opinion, give more exposure to the lesser known streamers. What do you guys think? 









 Relevant:  [http://imgur.com/a/Xvru5] **NSFW!!!!!!!** 




 Thanks a bunch! 




 Glad to hear I'm not the only one! 




 Hey, I mentioned, when I launch LoL server status says undefinded, however, when I check the website, it says all servers are up. Is it just me or is anyone else having this? Also, if anyone has a fix, most welcome! Thanks 




 IMPORTANT: Subtitle language can be changed in the bottom left! 









 I have a suggestion. Keep the light in order not to make things complicated but make it so then when you actually revive, it kinda looks like the Prayer-cape emote from Runescape if anyone's familiar with that. That would look so sick imo

cf: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWRRecTqGeU 




 This.. Actually, I don't even know if I'de want to know. 
Actually, yeah I do..:p 




 Okay, I'll try to explain this the best way I can (note that English is not my native language). I've been thinking about how awesome/usefull it would be to see all the stats about your life, just for information/entertainment purposes or comparing to others. 
This would go from basic stuff like amount of food consumed, exact time lived, hours slept etc to really specific/weird stuff like times mastrubated, reddits read, high fives given..

Would love to hear you guys' opinions about this and what would be the n1 stat you want to see for your life? 




 Time to start e-mailing EG sponsors? 




 Time to start e-mailing EG sponsers? 




 I worked in a pretty large fish-shop who sells to alot of restaurants. Whenever someone new guy came my boss would send them all the way to the ocean to go and get 'salt water for the lobster'. Everybody, and I mean everybody did this. Just imagine the hilarity when you see them coming back, dragging just gallons of seawater..:D 




 Thanks for the responses! However, I don't really follow Riot in their decision, not having a system like that just makes for the most ridiculous games form wich, imo, you don't learn a whole lot. It should be easier to, by example, tell the bots where to go from the start, so atleast you can decide for yourself in what team you want to play etc :) 




 Not a troll question, recently played a bot game again after a long time and I was surprised they still are retarded when it comes to lane mate. I made a team with me as Graves and then Sona, Warwick, Malazhar and Garen I believe. You would assume me both with Sona, WW jungle (but since bots don't 'jungle', him top with garen), and Malazhar mid.
Now, what happens when I start the game, I see Sona run top with Warwick, Malazhar bot with Garen leaving the mid lane for me.
Now my question, is it really that hard to make bots have some sense of awereness of where to go? I'm sure I'm not the only one who noticed this..

TLDR; Bot games are meant to learn noobs how to play but how can they when they don't come near real game compositions? Is it so hard to learn bots where to go? 




 Teemo is not OP, het gets countered just like any champ, quit the QQ'ing. 




 What about someone serving 2 life sentences? Would they then kill him a second time and only let him walk if he ressurects again? 




 I have literally spend hundreds of euro's on this stupid free online MMO called War of Legends. Yeah, big misktake. I was top of the server tough!
 




 Scared the crap out of me the first time they used it. I like the idea of a voice saying 'GG' at the end of a match, just not that voice.. 




 Thank you guys for all the answers, things are alot more clear now! Keep playing!:) 




 Allright, first of all, I haven't been playing this game for too long now (level 20-ish) and usually play AD carry (graves, ezreal, teemo etc..) Since the beginning I've been playing with first heal-ghost and later heal-flash as soon as I had it. Now, lately more and more people told me to switch heal for ignite. Granted, almost everyone runs ignite these days. But for me, it just doesn't seem right; I feel like as if heal helped me out loads more in games then ignite. And there are so many close call situations in wich I tough, if only i had me heal there instead of ignite. A feeling I hardly get the other way around..

Now, my question is, is it really that bad to run heal? Should I just keep using ignite till I get used to it? Thanks alot! 




 I agree, I don't want to generalise but it does seem like the majority of drama and bullshit is coming from the NA ladder and it's players. Makes me wonder.. 




 Blizzard please buff Ezreal to fix this!! 




 Why does everyone seem to dislike Teemo so much? 




