 No clue, haha 




 The app for Excel is incompatible with my device. Lame 




 I'm not Indian but I really didn't find it that offensive towards Indian people/culture any more than any other shows doing the same towards American culture/people. It was just a funny comedy show 




 [Is this a joke?](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/X-Men:_Apocalypse) 




 Mine would be Outsourced. It was on NBC for one season and was surprisingly funny.  




 Also Undeclared 




 [Takers](http://static.stereogum.com/uploads/2009/09/takers_poster.jpg). Worst photoshopped poster ever 




 He finally had surgery at the end of Iron Man 3 to remove the rest of the shrapnel, which was the reason he had the arc reactor in his chest. So the issue was solved and there was no need for it anymore. It was iconic for Tony Stark/Iron Man but if it is no longer necessary, it would only be kept for fan service. Plus, it is still a part of Iron Man because it powers the suit 




 My point is that you tried to make a comparison/connection between two shows who share pretty much nothing in common.  




 Better Call Saul is like Lost. Only it's just like the flashbacks, without actually being a flashback, has a completely different plot and purpose, is much more focused, and, well, I guess is nothing like Lost.  




 Ouch...  




 Yea, that's cool. I personally would have liked to have seen more plot but to each their own 




 Windows Vista, although pretty terrible and hated, still was functional and used for years by the general public. Apple maps was a terrible product by a company that had yet to fail in recent years. It was an epic failure 




 Oh, most definitely! I thought that at first too. Either way, great episode 




 The episode is called Charlie Work by the way. The jazz drumming was said by the cast as a true coincidence. When  they made the episode, Birdman was not released. But it does seem like an homage to that even though it is to True Detective.  




 I didn't think it sucked but thought it was okay. I had never seen a Mad Max movie but was convinced by the reviews and people on here to see it. It had good things and bad things about it. Ultimately I left entertained but not blown away. 

Good: The cast, Cinematography, action. 

Bad: weirdness, bare bones plot, action sequences took up too much time of the movie and became repetitive. Little character development.  




 The motorcycle jumps happened a few times throughout the movie (at the meet up point for the deal and at the end with Furiosa's people), same with the bombs and porcupine car attacks. The only one you mentioned that didn't was the pendulum boarding which was towards the end. But as a whole, it was the large tanker in the middle and then all driving on the the sides and doing a few different ways of attack. 




 Nope. Kevin James is a funny person who has done some bad roles. Rebel Wilson is not a funny person in bad roles 




 They were moderately inventive in the first half hour of the movie. Then they became repetitive. 




 Fast   Furious, Need For Speed, and plenty of other movies used practical stunts for the action  sequences. Mad Max is just following the returning trend of using more practical stunts and effects 




 I didn't say it was lacking "a" plot, I said lacking "in" plot, meaning exactly what you said, it was a simple plot. There could have been a bigger plot/reason for the movie.

And no, I have not seen the other 3 movies, which is the reason for this particular thread.  




 I was satisfied, just not blown away like everyone else. The problem though is that every sequence was similar. Yes, it's a chase movie but there could have been way more inventive ways of attack but for the most part it was the same throughout the movie.  




 I saw it because I was convinced by the reviews and the people on here. I thought it was entertaining but was lacking in plot and was very weird. Great cast and Cinematography and the action was good but it took up too much of the movie. It was good for a watch but I didn't leave thinking "I HAVE to see the other movies now". 

I honestly think a lot of people are too afraid to post even if they thought it was just okay because of the potential riotous comments and downvotes but I know my opinion is in the minority so I am ok with it 




 Definitely Community. Also, Party Down, Workaholics, and Broad City 




 I don't have a problem with the action sequences. They were entertaining just not revolutionary like some people have suggested. Nothing about the way they were filmed was particularly new. It was mostly the content of the action that people enjoyed. There have been many movies that, besides the content of the scene, have been filmed/edited similarly. My problem was the content itself. It was very repetitive and took up most of the movie leaving little room for me to even care about what the story is, who these characters are, what the history of this world is. Again, I was entertained, but it wasn't anything more than that for me.  




 I saw the movie and thought it was okay. The cast was great, the Cinematography was great, the action sequences were far too many but decent, the plot was lacking, and mostly it was just plain weird. It was entertaining for sure, and I'll probably get downvoted for this since everyone around thinks it's the greatest movie ever, but to me it wasn't. 

Before you come at me hard, I didn't say it sucked and I know I'm in the minority.  




 This was on Funny or Die yesterday.  




 This isn't where i parked my car! 




 I use the Google Now launcher on my phone and it still works fine 




 I could see that for an episode but not an entire season. It worked in the episode format for Community.  




 I loved those movies when I was younger. I am definitely open to another one! 




 Tommy Boy 




 Good to hear from a similar point of view. I think I'll give it a try. 




 Perfect, thanks 




 Star Wars will be his crowning jewel. It's make or break. I have total faith in him for it, and once he is done, I can't wait to see what he takes on next.  




 So, do the trailers do the movie justice, are they just trying not to give too much away? Because i remember the trailer came out and /Film and other sites were freaking out and as someone who knows basically nothing about the movies, didnt find anything that grabbed me in the trailer. 




 Thank you for this, this is exactly the type of comments i was looking for. 




 So, this subreddit has been gushing over Mad Max: Fury Road and I don't have a problem with that. The reviews back you all up. But for us who have never seen the other movies and are on the fence about seeing it, please convince us why we should see this movie this weekend. Personally, i like Tom Hardy and Charlize Theron but the trailer made it seem over the top and lacking in plot detail.

I know I'm not the only one in this boat, so here is your chance to change our minds. If you don't care, then just move along.

If you have seen it already, please hold on the spoilers. Thanks,

EDIT: Well, that was quick. Thanks for the responses, you have effectively swayed me to give it a chance. Keep the discussion going though for others like myself. Thank you.  




 Amazon has them. 




 Read the user name I replied to 




 No. There isn't in the books either. But there are some very good micro brews made specifically for the parks at the Hog's Head Pub and the Leaky Cauldron 




 Daredevil says Hulk's in the movie. I believe him 




 I don't know, I don't remember seeing signs for it but I heard about it online before going so I ordered it at the Leaky Cauldron 




 Yes, I was there in November and it was brand new.  




 I'd like to see Mad Mad 2: Madder Mad 




 I've never noticed it, have no idea what you are talking about.  




 No problem 




 There are 3 kinds at the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. Frozen which, as someone else said is like a slushy. Cold which is similar to a Cream soda with Butterscotch, vanilla, and a creamy foam topping. Both of those are tasty and sweet but the best is the third kind, most recent addition, and closest to the book. Warm/Hot Butterbeer. It's delicious and comforting. Hints of vanilla and Butterscotch. It's creamy with the consistency of hot chocolate. It's like the best warm beverage you'll ever have.  




 [Here you go:](http://imgur.com/tflPkv0) 




 You said "and provide contact information" and I assumed you meant the driver's info to report. So sorry for that. Everything else in my last post holds true except for that.  




 GPS speed tracking is fairly accurate when you are in a car on a highway but in a metro area it's not. Not to mention, it's only "fairly" accurate therefore not exact enough to enforce. Then the app would need to save the speed and have some way of proof that that was the speed at that time. Then the app would need to recognize where you are for the specific Speed Limit (which I don't believe exists yet). Then it would need to have access to employee records for the public transportation, employee schedules, routes. None of which is legally available to the public. Even if all of that came together, it would be expensive to build, highly illegal, and have no way of enforcement due to it being a unreliable, non-government issued app that anyone can use to try to get a driver a ticket or worse, lose their job.  




 Request: App that Tony Stark had in Iron Man 2. Ya know, the one used to "Commandeer" government screens in seconds. 

That's my request in case someone finds OP's app for which the technology also doesn't exist.  




 How did you even spot that! Good find 




 Ye have little faith. Yes, his film and television work has been darker in tone but he is a damn good director. I think he was a great choice and I can't wait 




 I'm good with this decision. But he has not been officially cast. Just is officially "in talks".  




 That is true there are different types. In another post on  this thread I stated that in the age of Scary Movie and Not another Teen Movie, Parody has mainly turned into a disrespectful type of comedic Imitation/reference.  




 Didn't even see it.  




 Not in high school. Past college even. And my "knowlege" was "dropped" because even people on here weren't understanding the difference.  




 You used the one example from the villain character of which the entire episode is against. At the end of the episode, that character gets so into the game and he gets invited to play again by Neil who had given up hope until this game. 

EDIT: This is your second reply trolling me, why are you trolling?  




 It was a short gag in an earlier episode. The episode you linked came out a year after Community did their D D episode and i dont follow every episode of The Big Bang Theory, just try to watch an episode here and there to see if my opinion changes. 




 No, and you're not the only person to bring up an older example and not read any of my other posts explaining that in Modern media Parody has become what I said. And by no means is that the only type of Parody but simply the most popular use today.  




 Read other comments. Someone else pointed that out and I replied 




 Like I said, it has Everything! Ha 




 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. You get a little of everything, the trio is still at school, some humor, some Horcruxes, it's my favorite movie 




 I didn't make up that name, I've seen it used many other places. And it's not meant to be insensitive,  it's simply a joke on the Internet. Not meant to be taken seriously. I apologize if I offended you, that was not the intent.  




 Exxxxxxactly.  




 Hence the words "Modern Media" in my other post. Since those days of pure Parodies have come the Scary Movies, Not Another Teen Movie, etc. Times have changed and parody, for the most part, seems to come along with a negative connotation or disrespect of the source material today. That's not always the case but is quite a bit and in the case of The Big Bang Theory, their style of parody is with lack of respect to the source material. Usually Community goes along with Homage rather than Parody. Some people, including Community fans don't notice the difference, which is not a big deal, but there is a difference 




 Ha, yea. Autocorrect on my phone.  




 Parody is simply making fun of something by way of Imitation. In Modern media it is usually used with disrespect towards something. 

Homage is respecting something through Imitation or reference. In comedy, it is used to reference something in respect while also poking fun at it. 

EDIT: Not sure why I'm getting downvoted when I explained the definition of Parody and Homage and how they are typically used in comedy today.  




 Didn't know that but see my reply about Parody vs. Homage. I'm sure it applies 




 Yea, no problem. I kinda was wondering why this was directed at me. But no big deal. Haha. But the one thing I've taken away every time I catch an episode of the Big Bang Theory is that it is not making nerd culture look good or cool. The best description I've heard is that it's Nerd Blackface.  




 Not saying they "can't have more" or that they won't have a callback that would surprise me. Just those are the only ones I want and I don't want it to be too many callbacks to the original trilogy just for fan service. But with what JJ Abrams recently said, it won't be 




 True, but even the "themed" episodes I've seen of The Big Bang Theory are a Parody of something rather than an Homage. Parodies show lack of respect for the source material whereas Homage pokes fun with respect to the source material 




 These are the 2 callbacks that I would love to see, other than that, I don't want many more 




 People who watch the Big Bang Theory aren't dumb (well, of the 20 million that supposedly watch weekly, there probably are some.) but the show is standardized comedy that goes for the cheap laugh every time. There is such a thing as Dumb Comedies being really funny, Big Bang Theory is not one of them (at least for me). 

Community is Advanced Comedy. It's not for everyone because you need to understand the show and it's references and humor. It's smart in the sense of comedy, not actual intelligence. 

I know a lot of actually smart individuals who watch the Big Bang Theory and think it's God's gift to comedy. I completely disagree with them, but they just want to watch something that they don't have to think and that one has a ton of promotion and a ton of viewers.  




 Not sure where it came from but the best back up to this quote is how each show handled Dungeons and Dragons. 

Community: Two full 22 minute episodes dedicated to the game showing how it works and making fun while respecting the source material. All the while having an underlying theme/reason for playing that serves a purpose to further character development. 
 
The Big Bang Theory: A 20 sec gag of the nerdy characters playing it and the girl makes fun of them because it sounds like nerdy gibberish. Makes the characters look weird for playing it and moves on with an unrelated storyline. 

I don't even play D D but which one shows more respect, heart, and was funnier? Community.  




 I like Rainn Wilson and I liked the show but it really wasn't a new concept or that great of storylines. I liked the cast but overall it lost my attention after about 4-5 weeks.   




 Maybe, I'm not ruling it out 




 It got better the last few seasons but still not like it was. But those middle seasons were just blah though, you are right about that. 




 I also am not going to see it because I never saw the originals and this movie didn't pique my interests but let everybody else have their fun.  




 I didn't watch the show but the title turned me off of it. It's called Weird Loners yet it's a show about a few mostly good looking people who are friends therefore not Loners? Again, I didn't watch the show but that's what the commercials showed and that turned me off to even giving it a chance. Possible bad marketing/title 




 Capaldi is a great Doctor, writing was sometimes good, sometimes not. Overall, not the best series, but I'm liking 12 




 This. This. This. This. This. This.  




 No, Lucasfilm plans on releasing a new Star Wars film each year. 

Star Wars: The Force Awakens - 2015

Star Wars Anthology: Rogue One - 2016

Star Wars Episode VIII - 2017

Star Wars Anthology - 2018

Star Wars Episode IX - 2019 




 Spiderman 3. The whole movie I wanted to like it but was just fighting internally because it just sucked and I couldn't deal with the fact that a Spider-Man movie sucked.  




 Goblet of Fire is very relevant. It brought about Harry's name which set in motion the events for the entire book 




 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire sounds so much better than Harry Potter and the Triwizard Tournament. That sounds like a cheap video game. If we are being more on point with what the plot is about then here are some other suggestions that suck. Harry Potter and the First Year at Hogwarts. Harry Potter and the Time Turner. Harry Potter and the Voldemort Return. Harry Potter and the Death of Dumbledore, Harry Potter and the Battle of Hogwarts.  




 I'd LOVE to see the Family Guy Star Wars Prequels! There is so much material there 




 Same thread happened earlier this week.  




 Same in the US 




 I dont know which app you use but the Flixster app is quite decent for UV. And any codes you get can be entered straight on Flixster's site. As for the streaming, that must be your internet or app because mine has worked just fine. 




 UV is included in about 90% of the BluRays I buy. I dont purposefully search it out, but it doesn't cost any more than a BluRay without. I do have a UV library and that has been very helpful.  




 Yea, a bunch are core apps and pre-installed ones that you can't remove. Then I have pretty much every streaming app (Netflix, Hulu, Yahoo Screen, Flixster, Chromecast,  etc). 

But some of my favorites are Twee (for tracking the TV shows you watch. It has an awesome widget that tells you what shows are on what days), Paperboy (RSS/Feedly reader for news articles, best one I've found), obviously Baconreader for Reddit, SwiftKey Keyboard, Google Keep for Notes, and Popup Widget (let's you add the normal icon for an app to your home screen but when you tap it, it opens up the widget for that app as a pop up, really cool and great space saver on your home screen)  




 Yes, absolutely! 




 Same here 




 Haha 




 Mmmm, I still like Martin the best. I mean, cmon, he's the president.  




 That is amazing! I've always liked Paul Bettany, I hope this provides a resurgence for his career.  




 Absolutely disagree. I really like his character and the actor. Maybe I just love Mighty Ducks too much but I'm glad he is on the show 




 It felt like a middle movie, and yes it had a lot of setup, but I still think it can stand on its own. I maintain that it was really well done 




 I have a little over 100 apps downloaded. I use labeled folders on my home screens for a lot of them.  




 Realistically it would probably be Season 7 but I'm kinda wanting the Movie just to fulfill the prophecy. I think I would probably like another season format rather than the movie format though 




