 Be careful!  The linked procedure is quite dangerous to attempt without some education in chemistry and lab safety. 




 It would make sense for DMT to show cross tolerance with other tryptamine psychedelics, but there are many anecdotal reports suggesting it doesn't.  Also, one of [Rick Strassman's studies on DMT](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/8731519) demonstrated that no tolerance to psychedelic effects develops in response to repeated doses of DMT in humans.  It seems that DMT has different tolerance mechanisms from other psychedelics. 




 You sure about that dose?  Maybe 100mg? 
[package insert suggesting 50mg is the low end of a clinical dose](http://www.fda.gov/ohrms/dockets/ac/04/briefing/4006b1_06_zoloft-label.pdf) 




 Probably not.  7 doses just isn't much to build dependence.  If you're concerned, I suppose you could skip a day in the middle just to be certain. 




 Pinker ignored or misrepresented the interesting points of Gray's piece, which wasn't a critique of Pinker's facts, but of his reasoning and the conclusions drawn from them. 




 I wouldn't base a decision like this on anything but solid scientific evidence.  Unless this yields a link to a peer reviewed study of long-term ibuprofen use, you should consult a doctor.  You could really hurt yourself.

If you want to take an NSAID in relatively strong doses a few times a week long-term but can't establish safety, you might consider using a natural one with a long history of human use (e.g. [ginger](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20837112), [turmeric](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17569207), or extracts of either). 




 Salvia divinorum can be grown as a houseplant in most climates.  The most challenging part is obtaining cuttings and getting it established, as it can't be grown from seed.  It isn't legal everywhere, but even where illegal it's unlikely to ever be an issue; it just looks like a nice houseplant from the Salvia genus, of which there are many.

You may be skeptical if your only experience with the plant is from smoking or vaporization.  It has much greater depth and ease when used orally. 




 What garbage!  This article is just an excuse for advertisement, and is both ill-conceived and misleading. 




 Who cares?  The individual experience of performing guard labor isn't what this article is about; the implications of having a large part of an economy's labor force dedicated to guard labor are more important. 




 I'm not advocating for one over the other; it'd be a false dichotomy anyway, as they aren't mutually exclusive by necessity.  My point is that the ideals of science are good for doing science, but aren't necessarily good for all situations and purposes.  There are plenty of situations where something else is better, or where science is not the only useful perspective.

edit:  I am quite troubled by the role of religion in modern society.  It seems to encourage a lot of anti-rational, backwards thinking. 




 But analytic philosophy isn't based on tangible reality - its based in reason, which is intangible.  It is consistent over time and it can adapt to new information, though.  But it isn't always helpful!  I can imagine many situations that would be greatly worsened by the introduction of analytic philosophy, that could be improved by use of religious ideas.

Take, for example, a religious person with stress induced heart disease.  They believe that God created the universe, and reject evolution and science as hogwash.  They find comfort and relaxation in thinking about God and reading the Bible, and so on.  But they're deeply troubled by challenges to their faith - especially from atheistic disciplines like science and philosophy!  What's most important for this person is that they relax and not stress, as stress will worsen their disease state.

Would that person's situation be better served through rational discourse on science and philosophy?  Or could a religious counselor be of better help?  If the latter would be more helpful, doesn't that contradict your criteria for deciding what is helpful and what isn't? 




 What makes one helpful, and the other not? 




 You're too attached to the idea that science is the only valid approach to consider the logical foundations of that idea and their flaws.  Religion, here, is only an example to show errors in your reasoning.  You don't know whether I agree or disagree with you about any particular application of science or religion; I didn't claim that religion is better or worse for anything. I did attempt to show how your logic can go either way (and is therefore questionable).

It's no good for science when it becomes a dogma, a collection of other people's beliefs for you to accept or reject on the basis of ordinary thinking, without critical examination.  Science grew hand in hand with analytic philosophy for good reason - it *requires* rigorous logical examination to remain science. 




 Ha.  So instead of considering the possibility that your view may not be perfect, you've endorsed first-person, qualitative investigation by children as a form of science? 




 How do you know?

And...wait, who cares?  You're ignoring the point.  I could just as easily frame it like this:  you can't make spiritual decisions (like how to deal with troubling visions) on the basis of science - whose domain is physical - that would be chaos!

Same logic...the only difference is in which system is assumed to have dominion over the phenomenon in question. 




 Well, I can't say that I follow your reasoning about health and western thinking and so on.

Examples?  I suppose the easiest examples to make relevant are from religious worldviews.

How about some form of Buddhism?  There are many variations, but it's safe to say that none of them are science and some of them are rational, and some the rational variants have useful implications for people whose subjective experience of life is especially problematic.

Why not frame it in a Buddhist worldview, instead of a scientific one? 




 I've found the beverage resulting from this method to be quite enjoyable:

 * 3 - 6 tbsp powdered kava
 * .5 - 1 tbsp soy lecithin
 * ~1tbsp cocoa
 * ~1tsp (not tbsp) each cinnamon, cardamom
 * 12 oz water

I put all this in a blender, blend for 2 minutes, let stand for 2 minutes, and pour into a glass through a sieve (not cloth - just a metal sieve to get any coarse fiber).  I let that settle for a minute and drink.  I take care not to mix it up after the fact, and I don't drink the very end of the glass (which is largely fiber).

It tastes great and is reasonably strong.  I even find it enjoyable when warm.  Can be blended once more for a second round, but the third blending invariably yields nothing but fiber. 




 ruh roh  




 The question assumes a conceptual framework itself: one that includes professional mental health advice.  This makes it very challenging to answer without supporting your position.  It's not unlike asking whether I've stopped beating my spouse.  I can't answer that question without implying that I have beaten my spouse.

What about using any of the myriad systems of understanding human experience that aren't based in the last few hundred years of western thinking?  You could look at it so many ways.

Why frame it as mental health at all? 




 Huh.

When I was at university working towards my BS under a bunch of scientists, they had a different definition of science, and quite different ideas about the history of science and other conceptual frameworks.

Your science = evidence and replication, everything else = guessing dichotomy seems quite limited by comparison.

Too each their own, I guess. 




 Those are the only possibilities you can conceive of - science, or literally guessing?  So you believe that before ~65 years ago (around the time genuine scientific investigation of mental illness began), all anybody ever did about mental health was to literally guess? 




 Why? 




 Haha - where would I even begin?  I'm having a hard time imagining anything worth typing in reply to such brazen naivete, anything that could lead to rational discourse and mutual understanding.

Of course I wouldn't advise anybody to use cider vinegar to treat their schizophrenia.

However - it does seem absurd to me to believe that of all the myriad conceptual frameworks human beings have devised over the last few thousand years, there is only one which can serve as a rational basis for giving people advice.

Science is how we learn and understand things. Without some sort of scientific proof or research, we're just pissing into the wind hoping not to get wet. 

Do you really believe this?  If so, how do you decide (for example) what to do in relationships with others?  What would you do if a friend came to you and was very sad?  If you hugged them and said comforting things without first checking Pubmed for a double blind placebo controlled study on alleviating sadness in friends, would that be just pissing into the wind and hoping not to get wet?

And what about all the things you learned growing up about how to form relationships and care for others?  You didn't learn that stuff from science - you learned it by being with people, observing them, trying things out and getting feedback, thinking about it, and talking about it with others.  Is all of that understanding garbage, simply because its not from science?  Or, is it possible that some of that understanding is valuable, and could perhaps serve as a rational basis for giving advice? 




 Perhaps you have some insight into schizophrenia, and perhaps you don't, but it would be far more productive to make specific critiques of specific statements than to simply bombard your apparent opponent with rhetoric and insults.

Angry ranting from an assumed position of authority is not going to change minds on the internet... 




 It's rational to doubt a pharmaceutical company's research, but it's irrational to go to the other end of the spectrum and give out advice on things with no scientific basis whatsoever.

Why?  This statement seems to rely on an unspoken assumption that the only rational basis for giving advice (or at least, advice on this topic) is science. 




 Haha, thanks...but that isn't a source for those claims at all; it's an article in a chiropractic web magazine.  It has inline citations, but no list of references...all it tells us is that someone writing for a chiropractic web magazine believes those are true absorption rates.

edit:  here's a source showing that folic acid supplements are absorbed about the same in tablet or liquid form [pubmed](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22579722) 




 Do you have a source those absorption rates? 




 You don't chew it like normal gum.  You just crush it once or twice with your teeth (not difficult) and then tuck it between your cheek and teeth to be absorbed.  You could probably use the gum just fine and in my experience the gums are superior to lozenges.

You could even crush it with your hands and then put it in your mouth without chewing at all.  The nice thing about the gum is that you can modulate the rate of nicotine delivery by how much and how often you break it up, which isn't really possible with a hard lozenge. 




 GODOGDGHRFNEFEOFENIEKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEKEKEKEKEKKEKEKEKEKEKEKFUCK 




 Sadly, I am not. :(  I would love this /r/nootropics if it were a parody of itself where people intentionally distort the limits of human knowledge on substances to suit their apparent desires for ironic comedic effect.

It amazes me how much dislike one can get on science oriented subs for advocating for the position that we know slightly less than some of us seem to believe.  Actual scientists believe very little; "science-oriented" internet posters believe whatever is convenient, often. 




  So the supplemented dosages of L-theanine used today are comparable to the amount of L-theanine a relatively heavy tea drinker **could** get.

She tried very hard to make it sound certain, but had the good sense not to make a ridiculous claim as L-theanine levels are usually closer to 0 than 50mg. 




 Really?

The first quote is about the safety profile of L-theanine being equivalent to that of water, which is obviously false although the post above this one implied it was true.

The second is about whether L-theanine has a long history of human use as a significant component of tea, which is unknown.

One thing can be known while another is not...please, if you're going to post, at least *try* to understand what you yourself are saying first. 




 A cup of tea can have anywhere between 0-50mg of L-theanine. People don't always just drink one cup of tea, they could easily drink several in one sitting. So the supplemented dosages of L-theanine used today are comparable to the amount of L-theanine a relatively heavy tea drinker could get.

Perhaps; as you say, it's unknown.  Heavy tea drinkers *may* consume similar doses of L-theanine to those commonly taken by supplement users, and they may not.

So we don't know whether L-theanine as a component of tea has a long history of human use at these doses.  It certainly doesn't have a long history of human use by itself.

If people are going to worry about things just because they're concentrated and isolated then virtually everything you buy in the store is suspect. That threshold for worry is just way too low for most people.

:/

To be honest, I find that point of view quite naive and irresponsible.  Scientists are constantly examining the safety of various natural product components - often long after they've been released and marketed as health supplements.  Many "natural" supplements have been found to have negative effects at some doses and in some combinations, usually after they've already penetrated the supplement market and been taken by thousands of people.

Perhaps most people can't be bothered to consider the safety of supplements they put in their bodies, but they probably *ought to*.

I use an evidence-based approach to decide what supplements to use and at what doses, because I understand where scientific knowledge comes from and know enough about physiology to have a healthy concern for chemicals with unknown safety profiles.

If you have a basic understanding of how to research supplements and distinguish good evidence from internet garbage, it really doesn't take much effort to learn whether a particular supplement use is likely safe.  Often a minute or two reading on webmd is sufficient. 




 I'm sorry, I don't think you understood any of my points.  I don't really understand yours, either; you didn't even bother to write intelligible English.  If MisterYouAreSoDumb knew his or her stuff, they would not make such ridiculous statements.  If you object to any specific statement I made, you ought to share your understanding of why I am wrong.

Spending time in car traffic is actually quite dangerous, and a person who drives daily is reasonably likely to suffer health consequences as a result.  But that does nothing to establish the safety of any particular supplement. 




 Really?  You're equating the history of human use of alcohol, caffeine, and L-theanine?

L-theanine has a long history of human use in low dosage as a component of tea, and an extremely short history of human use in higher doses as an isolated supplement.

Alcohol has a long history of human use across the entire usable dosage range, and a fairly long history of use in the most concentrated forms that are commonly available.

The date of the patent on L-theanine is only tangentially relevant; it does nothing to establish a history of use at specific dosages.  The fact that it's an amino acid does not alone establish safety of any particular daily dose.

...

Although many things are dangerous at a high enough dose, substances differ markedly in the ratio between an effective dose and a dangerous one.  Low doses of arsenic, lead, mercury, and so on are safe and well tolerated - yet these substances are not equivalent to water in their safety profile, and neither is L-theanine.

Come on.

MisterYouAreSoDumb's post is a compelling argument for **ignoring redditors who dismiss important questions about supplement safety**.

That his post is heavily upvoted, and the only objection yet posted is heavily downvoted strongly suggests that /r/nootropics is a bad place to ask advice about nootropics... 




 me, with ego death, to sort of analyze my shortcomings and things that I need to improve about myself

Well... no.  *You will actually die when this occurs.*  It's quite literal that way.  People are terrified by this and resist it very effectively, more often than not.

Ego death is not an experience that you can have; it's the end of you, for awhile anyway.  You will cease to arise.

The only parts you could seem to experience are the beginning and end of that death.

It could lead to some personal insight or growth afterwards, as you'll experience the reboot of you.  But there's no need to seek out your own death for personal growth; if you want that, you could just seek that when you trip. 




 Wakeupwill probably doesn't.  One genus of grasses has several species that contain DMT and related compounds, but I couldn't find any source suggesting that grasses in general contain them. 




 if the masses haven't dropped gmail and hotmail for more secure providers after snowden, they never will.

Meh.  You don't know that.

as far as peer to peer email and other hypothetical technology sure advances could be made and yeah it might even become extremely popular with gamers or activist or some other circle but it will be a cold day in hell before my auto mechanic asks me for my bit message address or asks me to exchange keys with her. never gonna happen.

Yeah, you don't know that either.  You just believe it strongly.  Before Gmail came out, would you have believed that a company would offer free unlimited email storage?  Of course not.

Why believe that you know what will happen next, when these things are so obviously unpredictable? 




 Very interesting conversation.  Thanks :)

 




 So what if you access nonduality. You still need the subconscious to be purged, for the root of ego to be uprooted, for psychological wholeness to occur. You still need to access the Divine via the Soul. You still need to access what lays just prior to Nondual conscious, and yes, there is something even prior to it.

Haha!  Who could ever access nonduality?

And if there is a need, who needs it? 




 You should learn to write in clear, straightforward English.  Most of the words in your posts can be cut with no loss in meaning.

Why not celebrate privilege?  Isn't privilege an expression of genetic fitness?

It seems obvious to me that privilege is less a product of genetics and more one of social structures and culture.

But if we suppose that it is a result of genetics, does that lead to the conclusion that it should be celebrated?  I don't see how it could.  Is there something inherently good about having genetics that lead you to dominate others? :/

I just don't see the connection. 




 Yes, of course Gmail would not implement that themselves; their business model is built on harvesting your private information.  But privacy oriented paid subscription email services have already done this.

I'm saying that complete email privacy through encryption could become a popular subscription service, and that encryption for data transfer from client to server is already ubiquitous.  We may even see peer to peer encrypted email systems arise and become extremely popular.  I see no reason to believe your claim that encryption will always be fringe; it's not fringe now, and more powerful applications of it are becoming *more* mainstream, not less. 




 [It's pretty bad for your lungs](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25401045).  You might consider eating it or using a vaporizer. 




 Make sense to me; perhaps there's a justification for direct action against police forces as a means of self defense on the class level, but to murder them seems utterly disproportionate and unnecessary.

Why go from self defense straight to murder? 




 My point is that if anybody knows the reality of the system, it would be Michael Browns parents and Eric Garners wife.

This makes no sense to me.  If anybody knows the reality of grieving for the sudden, violent death of a loved one, its those folks.  But I see no reason to believe that their views on systematic oppression by the state are any more nuanced than the typical views of working class Americans.

Odds are they are well-programmed drones, utterly ignorant of the realities of class oppression. 




 So what?  I don't base my views on the opinions of others, in particular - and I don't see any reason to place the family of police brutality victims on a pedestal, nor to view their opinions as a valid means for calibrating my own moral compass. 




  encryption as we know it today will never be embraced by the general public. it will always be a 'fringe' technology. 

I dunno, that seems pretty ignorant imo.  Anybody that uses Gmail uses encryption every time they check their email.  Encryption can be a seamless experience for the end user.  For simple encryption of data in transit implementation is simple.  But services like Gmail could also implement encryption so that the company never possesses cleartext data from their customers, and do so in a way that is seamless for the customer. 




 yay psilocybin :D 




 It'd be fairly straightforward to integrate the output of a btc client with financial or other record keeping software.  Beats physical inventory... 




 Well...I feel this comment obfuscates an important difference.  Paypal will take $0.40 to move a dollar; bitcoin only ~$0.20.  One of these systems is *better* for microtransactions, though not ideal. 




 Yeah - I've smoked a ton of weed and had plenty of respiratory complaints when I did.  Most longterm pot smokers I've known had obvious respiratory complications, smoker's coughs, etc. as well.

But I base my beliefs on things like this on scientific evidence - not a casual survey of reddit users.

Again, has a single person on here ever experienced lung irritation from smoking a lot of weed? I seriously doubt it. Do you know anyone who's had that problem? Probably not- that's because it very rarely happens. 

Well, that doesn't appear to be true.  In fact, study and study has shown that marijuana smokers have inflammation in their lungs and a substantially increased incidence of respiratory complaints that increases with frequency and severity of use.

Is it the same as in tobacco smokers?  No, probably not.  Is marijuana a wonder-drug that never harms anybody ever because of it's anti-inflammatory excellence?  No, it isn't.

The anti-inflammatory properties of cannabinoids are not sufficient to counteract the pro-inflammatory effects of marijuana smoke.  That fact has been clearly established in the scientific literature and is pretty well documented in the review I linked for you. 




 No, you didn't; none of those was a review and none of them advocated for the position that marijuana smoking isn't associated with substantial respiratory harm.  Most of what you linked isn't published scientific literature at all.  As I replied to you elsewhere in this thread, the first of your studies explicitly affirms the existing scientific consensus that marijuana smoking causes substantial respiratory harm.

Did you even read the things you linked?

The second is an opinion piece, not published in the scientific literature.  It references one large, long-term human subjects study, which found no cancer link.  It then references the first study you linked above, which actually *affirms* the scientific consensus you're arguing against as mentioned above.

After that they also affirm that consensus, although they frame it in a way that deceptively minimizes the harmful effects.  Then they talk about in vitro THC/cannabinoid cancer studies, which are irrelevant to the fact that marijuana smoking causes respiratory harm independent of carcinogenicity and have no direct relevance.

Finally, they suggest that switching to a vaporizer will lessen the known respiratory harm caused by marijuana smoking - and cite a study on marijuana smokers with lung problems switching to vaporizers.  Of the 20 smokers in that study, 12 improved when they quit smoking, and 8 worsened.  The authors conclude that more research is needed.

After that you link to a google search and a youtube video.  If you want to find out what the science says, look at the science.  Search pubmed.

Find us one study in the actual scientific literature that contradicts the established consensus.  I doubt there is a single one! 




 :'O 




 I'm guessing a lot of the replies in this thread are from Americans.  Cops fuck poor and none-white people up constantly here.  All police carry loaded firearms.  It's not like the UK.

I'd probably call the cops too if I were in the situation you described in the UK.  Not here though. 




 I've seen it used that way as well, but it's just about the worst slogan to express that idea.  It comes across as "all cops are bad people." 




 Those are fair points, but I feel they aren't relevant to the claim that marijuana smoking produces short and medium term negative effects on respiratory health that are comparable to the short and medium term negative effects that tobacco smoking has on respiratory health.

As the review I linked above helps to show, that particular finding is very well supported by a good number of well designed studies (e.g. good sample size, multiple reproductions finding the same effect, strong control of confounding variables).

What's not so clear is whether there's a lung cancer connection.  There may be; there may not be. Nobody knows yet. 




 Well, sure...I don't think any of the things you described are problematic, nor that there is any value in calling them "cultural appropriation."  It's more like...a normal process of culture evolving.  I think its very good. 

The only thing I take issue with at all, and think it'd be useful to have a word for, is the negligent misrepresentation of things taken from other cultures. 




 Show me one study that contradicts the finding that marijuana smoking produces short and medium-term harmful effects in the lungs that are comparable to the harmful effects of tobacco smoking.

[The review I linked above](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4226845/), which you replied to, cites about two dozen studies that support this finding. 




 Uh...are you reading the actual studies?  They contradict some of what you're saying.

From the first study linked: 

Prior studies of marijuana smokers have demonstrated consistent evidence of airway mucosal injury and inflammation as well as increased respiratory symptoms such as cough, phlegm production, and wheeze, similar to that seen in tobacco smokers

It seems that the authors of the study you linked believe that marijuana smoking is harmful to the lungs in a way that's comparable to tobacco in the short-medium term. 




 All that matters is how you relate to it.

I disagree.  There is meaning and value in maintaining an accurate account of what people at different times and places have believed and practiced.  Doing so does not inhibit people from adapting language to suit their purpose.

What I object to is the misrepresentation of a word being used in a novel way as being the same or similar to that word in some particular past meaning.  I see examples of this constantly in Americans who are interested in New Age woo-woo and various foreign religions; they learn a little bit about something, project their own thinking onto it, figure they get it, and proceed to talk about what the Buddha said or whatever.

It's this kind of contagious ignorance - and its accompanying obfuscation of the host culture from which the word was borrowed - that I object to.  I'm suggesting that this sort of thing might reasonably be referred to as cultural appropriation.

Declaring that "Something" means "Only This" is inherently false because your definition of it is only one possible way to perceive it.

But I never said anything like that, and never would.  To impose such an extreme restriction on language would betray a profound ignorance of what language is. 




 ...

I cited a review paper - it isn't a study at all.  And it makes an excellent case - it references and briefly summarizes several dozen studies, many of which looked at fairly large groups of marijuana smokers and found them to have serious respiratory problems at rates similar to tobacco smokers.

That paper is filled with references to a body of scientific evidence that, taken as a whole, establishes beyond any rational doubt that habitual marijuana smoking has a negative impact on respiratory health that is comparable to that of habitual tobacco smoking.

And it's not as though I cherry-picked it - I could not find another review advocating for the position that marijuana *isn't* associated with substantial respiratory harm, as that position is untenable.  What better case could I make? 




 Hmm...I think there may be some validity to the concept, though I see what you mean and agree in some sense.

But using the example of dreadlocks... Hopeium framed the example as a person from outside a group adopting a style used by that group for *aesthetics only*.

But what about an outsider adopting the aesthetics, and also claiming to adopt the deeper meaning *while parading their own, bastardized version of that meaning?*  There is something very ignorant about that, which I would object to as well if it were done with something from my culture.

It reminds me of people who dabble in "eastern spirituality."  They may speak at length and with confidence about the nature of reality, using a vocabulary borrowed from a half dozen religions whose cultural context they have no real knowledge of.  It leads to these bizarre misunderstandings about what any particular eastern religion *actually was or is*.

So, I think there is a harmful way to go about adopting things from other cultures, and perhaps some valid use of the term "cultural appropriation." 




 Well...I see it as a mixed thing, but leaning towards a step forward.  But I agree with most of what you said.

I just value the side effect more, and think it will be very significant.  It seems to me that cannabis has a quality of bringing people into their bodies, their feelings and sensations, and interrupting the grip of mind and understanding.  Not in every person at every moment, but in general I see this trend across the many people I've known who use it.

I think that quality of cannabis could have a very positive balancing effect in our culture.  People these days just don't seem very in tune with their feelings, their bodies, their surroundings.  Our country could benefit a cannabis induced perspective shift. 




 We might also need an alternate universe, as plenty of research has already been done and it directly contradicts hashmon's post. 




 [It's unhealthy](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4226845/) 




 This is far off topic but I just have to point out...

[You're wrong](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25401045): there is more than enough scientific evidence to conclude quite firmly that smoking cannabis produces respiratory problems.  Whether it causes lung cancer is still unclear, but it otherwise damages the lungs in approximately the same way as smoking tobacco.

You don't even have to accept the author's analysis linked above; that review offers several citations from well designed studies that assessed the short   medium-term effects of marijuana smoking   tobacco smoking independently and found them to be quite similar. [free full text too](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4226845/) 




 Different plant feels?  Deadly nightshade vs cannabis 




  If the point is that you can't blame people for not knowing what will be

My point is more that we don't know.  You don't know; I don't know.  It's possible that things will turn out similarly to the way you've imagined in this thread; it's possible that things will turn out similarly to the way I've imagined in this thread.  It's probable that in hindsight, it'd look as though neither of us had a clue.

I wrote what I wrote not because I think X is true and just have to tell everybody; I wrote it because I saw perspectives expressed with a fair degree of certainty that couldn't accommodate what seems like a reasonably likely outcome to me.
 




 You have bigger problems, my friend - problems extracting hydrocodone from Vicodin could never solve.

Seriously though, you've got to put in a little more effort to get good answers out of the internet.  There are at least a dozen recreational drugs that a technique called "cold water extraction" might reasonably be applied to.

edit:  [hey look, I found a solution for you!](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=vicodin+cold+water+extraction)   




 Eh...I think it'd be worth your time to find a friend with a scale and weigh it, they look well short of an 1/8 if I'm looking at it right.

You'll be better off weighing to split the dose as well; you really can't eyeball that accurately unless you put them through a grinder first.

Also /r/darknetmarkets is a great place to go if your local sources are a bad deal ($40 / eight is a bad deal, you could easily get that for $20). 




 Yea, but from the context this is almost certainly correct.  Where ng/ml comes up as a measurement of drugs in human beings, it's almost always a volumetric measurement of unfractionated blood. 




 I dunno...I don't see drugs being a solution to this problem at all.  Only way I could see drugs solving this is if you tried running on a psychedelic or perhaps MDMA and thereby found a way to connect with running in a new way and dissolve boredom.

But you could just as well do that without drugs. :P 




 Pretty much, yeah.  THC evaporates at a lower temperature. 




 Ask a friend to do it for you. 




 You probably won't have much luck unless you get off the antipsychotics first - though there is some variation between them, some block the effects of psychedelic drugs.

Once you've got yourself doing well enough to remove the mind-crippling drugs from the equation, I imagine some psychedelic exploration could be very healing.  Especially if you can find a trusted friend or two to explore with. 3 




 Well...I resonate with most of what you said.

But on the whole, I don't believe small businesses have an advantage in this shift.  At present, automated robotic systems are used on a massive scale in many industries - and most of this use is by massive corporations, like automobile manufacturers.  These corporations have a great deal of resources devoted to developing and anticipating new technologies that are relevant to labor automation.  They also have scale, which will generally make it *less* expensive to adjust their practices, not more (e.g. they can buy 1000 robowidgets for $18,000 each instead of 10 for $26,000 each; if they incur a loss while switching, they're more likely to have the savings to absorb it).

I agree with everything you said about consumer technology products getting cheaper faster than expected.  But that doesn't address *how most people will receive income*.

Similarly, while economies and careers have gradually shifted over the last few thousand years, there have also been periods of rapid, even sudden change.  There are things about this time period that suggest a sudden change is coming.  It doesn't necessarily have to be a good change, and it doesn't necessarily have to follow any prior pattern.

This makes me think of the people who lived just before the Industrial Revolution, perhaps just after the invention of the steam engine.  Could they have expected what came next?  It seems to me that by your reasoning, they should have figured that things would carry on about as they had for the last few thousand years - perhaps with greater efficiency and scale.  It's unlikely that many people could have imagined the drastic changes to society that would soon come.

We could be in a period just like that, in which the drastic transformation society is about to undergo is strangely beyond our imagination, but will seem obvious and kind of boring to high school history students in a few generations. 




 This is a good approach.  Asking a friend to mediate sales repeatedly with no compensation isn't any good.  Half the difference is quite generous if your friend can pick up without much hassle. 




 I find this topic intriguing, and enjoyed the article...but I hate to see an article state so many things as fact that are absolutely not supported by evidence.

I'd love to see it rewritten with inline citations for those claims that have support, and all unsupported claims removed or reworked as potential avenues for future exploration. 




 Hmm...I dunno about this.

You say that people in general would have more discretionary money, because (I think) the goods they buy are now being produced cheaply without human labor.  But before the reduction in human labor use can lead to cheap goods, a large proportion of the population have to be laid off as their careers cease to exist.  The goods might be cheap, but anybody whose primary revenue stream came from providing that labor is unlikely to have extra discretionary money.

Your second point seems more viable and interesting to me - new automation technology could be inexpensive enough that small businesses or even working class individuals could reasonably acquire it.  Perhaps this will be a revolution for capitalism - a technologically driven decentralization of the means of production.

What if I could buy an adaptive, general-purpose autonomous robot for $1200, that could repair my car, build me a house, maintain a year-round vegetable garden, and run my small business selling unique knick-knacks on ebay for me?  That could be a real game-changer.  




 Yes - there are actually studies examining this, as many scientists have also noticed the limited generalizability of studies in stressed, isolated animals far removed from their natural environment mainlining coke in high doses.

My strongest takeaway from drug addiction literature was that it's very easy to become hopelessly addicted to opiates, gaba drugs, and stimulants if you use them several times a week or while in a dark period of your life. 




 German

Also sadism is close, but different.  A sadist enjoys inflicting pain on others; shadenfreude is happiness that comes from learning of others' misery, without necessarily inflicting it oneself. 




 Those are interesting ideas, but I have a hard time believing that they're a realistic alternative to an economy where human labor is a necessary, substantial component of most major industries' production.

How much income will people have when most peoples' primary revenue stream comes from selling non-essential knick-knacks to other people whose primary revenue stream is also to sell non-essential knick-knacks, while all the worlds' major corporations own massive robot armies that can produce whatever they like (including said knick-knacks)?

At present, artists, musicians, and craftspeople are a vanishingly small part of the economy.  It doesn't seem realistic to believe that this sector of the economy will somehow flourish while almost all necessary human labor is replaced with robots and AI. 




 I dunno; it has implications for the future, though.  As automated labor (today, AI   robotics) improves, demand for human labor decreases.  Automated labor has been improving for a long time and will continue to. 




 If they're all underpaying their workers, another land owner could reap the profits by offering them all higher wages. 

If this were true without qualification, wages would approach infinity. :P

In fact, it is only true while there is a shortage of labor.  If there is enough labor to meet demand at a fixed low price, then no landowner would have a strong incentive to offer a higher price, and the low price would remain. 




 I wouldn't, no.  We could debate that, I suppose, but it's not the question at hand; I'm trying to learn whether sexbeast420 has any foundation for their claims about the worst case scenario for primitive accumulation.

I mention the industrial revolution because it has implications for sexbeast420's casual valuations of workers' labor.  Physical labor had relatively more value before the industrial revolution than after, because so much of it was needed to accomplish anything. 




 Well, I dunno about that.  It seems to me that the vast majority of worker's labor today is worth so little that they couldn't become self sufficient if they lived for 300 years.

The industrial revolution happened between now and the times of widespread subsistence farming being used as examples in this thread.  Physical labor is not worth anything near what it was then.

Do you have any concrete reason to believe that labor would be so valuable under an alternate capitalist system? 




 No, it can't; wards don't cost 4k gold.  Because wards are cheaper than gem and comparable to sentries, there is a healthy back and forth between wards   true sight in the game. 




 /r/darknetmarkets 




 No worker's value is so low that they couldn't even earn any capital,

and once they start earning capital, they'd eventually be able to get some land and begin working for themselves

How is this a certainty?  Couldn't workers' earnings be so low that it would take more than a lifetime to earn enough to become self-sufficient? 




 Yeah.. if that.  I see this as just another way of looking at things.  If you believe in a universe with things in it that are made up of other things, then yeah, I guess we just move the pieces.  But such beliefs aren't supported by scientific consensus; it's hard to imagine anything that could establish an atomic view of reality as "truth."

Just a point of view. 




 I don't see much value in psychologists studying spirituality or spiritual phenomena; they simply don't have effective tools to apply to such things.

There are some use cases for psychedelic drugs that could be studied by psychologists (along with scientists from other disciplines, like pharmacology) to great effect.  MAPS's work with MDMA-assisted psychotherapy is, in my view, a great example of effective psychedelic research conducted by psychologists (and others).

That kind of research could be extremely beneficial, because it could lead to widespread adoption of new, effective psychedelic-assisted therapy modalities.

But as far as basic research into the nature of spiritual phenomena - psychology has little to offer.  They can have you take a survey about your experience, or maybe track or eye moments or blood pressure while you meditate, or whatever.  But who cares.

Neurobiologists and cognitive neurscientists may have a great deal to offer to basic research into the nature of these things, though.  Their results could lead to new drug targets, a better understanding of how psychedelics and spontaneously arising spiritual experiences relate, etc. - because they have the tools to actually investigate the mechanisms of experience directly. 




 Thanks for the reminder.  Some police brutality news is relevant, but there's no need to fill this sub with it. 




 Haha!  Incorrectly.  I took the area as diameter, like a fool.  Same numbers as hyperben edited in above.  
 




 I ~~compared the areas~~ done goofed.

~~The spawn aoe increases by ~48.6%, and the aoe of an individual explosion increases by ~44%.  I'd call that a negligible difference; the spell should hit just as reliably inside the larger aoe.~~

~~Another way of looking at it:  in the old version of the spell, each explosion took up ~53% of the spell's aoe.  In the new version, each explosion will take up ~51.6% of the spell's aoe.~~ 




 so you're probably **right**.

 Oppression! :O 




 I believe that I agree: like every other spirituality whatever, it is another belief system.  There is no perfect set of ideas that transcends idea-ness.

Maybe I'll never get there 

Get where?  Get what?  If you could get it, wouldn't it be like any other thing - a passing experience?

I want to know what's true, and I want to tune into the source (or whatever you want to call it

It seems to me that knowledge is always a part of the conceptual system, always in some gross or subtle way another object of mind.  An abstraction; an idea.  An observer to interact with it.

But as for tuning in to [the Noun]: it is only an idea, which takes the appearance of something profound while being itself another fleeting appearance of some object of mind.  There is no [Noun] that isn't an object of mind.

Well, there's my belief system in short.  It seems to me that every spiritual person I've ever met that's really engaged with it spends most of their days worshiping metaphors, with varying degrees of subtlety and grace.  Buddhists, yogis, new-agers, and so on; I have met very few who aren't playing some path game, with brief gaps where it falls away.  I only keep a belief system for the purpose of housekeeping; it's a reminder for when I've gone off believing in some ridiculous story told by the shadow of old habits.

Cheers. :) 




 That said, people have been taking quite large oral doses of b12 for years now, apparently without any substantiated reports of ill effects (I couldn't find any).

Apparently there are known, serious adverse effects from inappropriate or excessive injections of b12.  It wouldn't be surprising to me if some ill effects of excessive oral doses of b12 became apparent soon in certain populations.

There are plenty of multivitamins on the market with a simple %100 DV dose of b12 and other b vitamins for anybody who's concerned about overdoing it. 




 It's normal for the color of your poop to change with your diet.  If you're concerned, switch back for a day and observe your poop that day and the next to see if it reverts to its former rich chocolate tone.

There's no need to see a doctor just because the color of your poop changed when the color of the food you eat changed.  I wonder whether some folks in this thread know where poop comes from (hint: it's food!). 




 Water soluble vitamins are not a free pass at massive over-supplementation; there are plenty of documented instances of [negative effects caused by excessive supplementation of water-soluble vitamins](http://www.drweil.com/drw/u/QAA50582/can-too-much-vitamin-B-cause-problems.html) (link gives a few examples). 




 Agreed.  Nutmeg is an interesting drug, but I see few similarities between it and classical psychedelics like LSD and mushrooms.  I don't believe it has much value as an entheogen.

I feel compelled to add that when I've taken enough nutmeg to induce a powerful experience, the interesting   desirable effects have always been accompanied with intense drymouth, confusion, and histamine-like sedation. 




 Mmm...I see what you mean, but I object to the language of it.  I see no value in obfuscating the space between wholly political and wholly insurrectionist events with black and white thinking.  Events can have qualities of both.

Your example of ELF attacks makes a strong point, though - there are ways of going about direct action that the media wants nothing to do with, that can't effectively spun.  ELF is effective at harming capital holders who harm the environment, and there's no way for media to spin a story to serve their narrative.  Publicity for ELF is just plain dangerous.

But the riots now aren't just spin material, either; publicity for them has its own danger.  What if they started growing?  What if they continued indefinitely?  Media would want to pretend they didn't exist - but it would be too late.  You can't just pretend all is well and there's nothing to see here a 3500 strong riot is burning down storefronts in Manhattan.  You can when ELF bombs a housing development; it just doesn't effect that many people directly. 




 How is it even somewhat outside the realm of politics when the base foundation is inherently political?

For the same reasons I said: it has practical effects outside the political realm.  It damages the assets of multinational corporations.  It wears on the human capital of police forces (e.g. by accelerating burnout   encouraging retirement).  It increases the cost of violent oppression by government bodies (e.g. overtime   hazard pay).

You say that the ongoing riots are not wearing down on the system, but I don't see how that can be true.  Is the system vast, deep, strong, and many layered?  Yes.  Are riots destroying it?  No.  Are they visibly taxing parts of its infrastructure?  Absolutely.

These are not political results; they're practical results.  They could be celebrated as small victories by those who want to dismantle the system.  The motivation that led to rioting doesn't define the nature of their results.

I don't claim that this is an insurrection; it obviously isn't.  But I wouldn't be at all surprised if it went down in history as the beginning of one. 




 I see what you mean, but the continuous, consistently disruptive demonstrations that have occurred over the last few weeks seem like something more than what you describe.  These demos, in particular those that shut down infrastructure and target corporate property, are having a strong effect outside the stage of politics.

This shit costs money.  It costs human capital.  It disrupts the veil of ignorance that our corporate / government overlords perpetually maintain over the eyes of the people.  It forces mistakes on the part of those who enforce oppression.

The continued violence is wearing on the system.  It's not an insurrection, but it could reasonably be characterized as laying the ground for one in a way that goes well beyond politics. 




 Excellent read - thank you!  :) 




