 My thoughts exactly! If they were going to do something about it, they should have acted before it was posted. Now they just look indecisive and incompetent. 




 Wow you look great! Congrats on all your hard work! 




 I think we will still have some way to keep track of resources even in a post-scarcity world.  




 Hey SJU! Class of '07 here. 




 Wow, nice job! 




 That's actually pretty funny. 




 That looks awesome! 




 How does the "character booster" work?  




 From the thumbnail I thought it was a spider and I thought " Why the hell would anyone feed a spider every day??" 




 That sounds like a pretty awesome night. 




 That's awesome! I wholeheartedly support this endeavor. 




 I would totally go for this! A combination of the finest people on Earth! 




 Haha so true! I got the guides to VII and VIII and loved reading through them then picked up IX and was amazed at how shitty it was. 




 Great idea! 




 Congrats and welcome!! 




 It's really great to see such involved parenting these days. Kudos to you! 




 Thank you!  




 Ha, that was my first thought too! Fucking klobb... 




 Man I had no idea there even was a complete edition. Definitely going to have to check that out. 




 Both my dad and grampa had their knees replaced so it's probably just a matter of time for me. Hopefully when I need them, technology will have made them even better. 




 I know there are lots of harder things out there, but I did a no-junction game in FFVIII which was pretty dang hard. 




 Fujin, Raijin, Reno, and Rude 




 It's true. The last 3 games I played on mine were FF6, Xenogears, and Vagrant Story. I don't even remember the last time I put a UMD in. 




 India should be getting 126 soon 




 Congrats! 




 Check out this plot analysis from GameFaqs:

http://m.gamefaqs.com/ps/197341-final-fantasy-vii/faqs/16725

I think the timeline  explains it pretty well and seemed accurate to me. 




 Ha I know the feeling. I used to volunteer helping the elderly who lived alone and one of my jobs was to check their fridge to make sure they were buying enough to eat. Every time theirs had 10x as much food as mine :/ 




 They seem to act more like the Galactic Empire... 




 Pretty much Sonic the Hedgehog 




 Well when you're there, you're family so he was just helping out the fam.  




 Yes! Came here just to see that. 




 Congrats! 




 DC now but Minneapolis previously 




 Congrats and keep it up! 




 To a hawk, bird bath = buffet 




 Thanks so much for posting this; this is really great! 




 That really does sum it up. We need more people to work as Independents outside of the two party system if we want anything to get done. 




 As an American I have to say that those British uniforms are pretty damn sharp looking. 




 VII is still the best game I've ever played. I seriously can still pick up that game and have a great time. 

After that it goes:

VI
X
VIII
Tactics
V
XII
XIII
 




 I didn't have a PS so I played FFVII on the pc as soon as it came out. I still have the saves on a zip disk, although I'm pretty sure I don't have a zip drive anymore...
  




 I think that is the message they want to send just in case shit hits the fan. If the US says that NK is weak and not a threat and then has to invade or retaliate against an attack it makes us look like bullies attacking "weak" NK.

On the other hand, if we say they are a legitimate threat and they start something, then we can say "well we've been saying they are dangerous all along and now they're attacking so it's time to defend ourselves. " 




 Good, now they have two less missiles. 




 Congrats! 




 I had a Minnesota gopher one in college but it fell apart. 

I'm trying to get a phone case that has an ID slot so I can stick my license, a credit card, and some cash in and just use that. 




 The writers' boss must have just caught them surfing reddit so they made up some excuse about doing research for an article and now they had to follow through with one... 

 




 Cute couple. Congrats! 




 That's really cute. 




 The fireworks scene in FFVII was pretty moving. The music really just set the tone.  




 Cait Sith from VII. He just always annoyed me and the one time I used his limit break I got Joker Doom...no thanks. 

[Spoiler](/s "And why was he still around in Advent Children? Did Reeve just decide to keep piloting a robot for the hell of it, even after everything was over?") 




 Good costume, good background,  and gorgeous girl....that's how cosplay should be done. 




 Congrats! 




 Mr. T as Barret 




 I will say that I did like the system in XII of fighting the enemies in the overworld without having to jump into a separate combat mode. I think that added a lot to the flow and is something they should have kept in XIII.  




 While not strictly on minimalism, Siddhartha by Hermann Hesse is a great read. It looks at both ascetic and overabundant lifestyles and finding a balance in life. 




 What I really want is a slim case for my phone that has a slot for me to put my ID, credit card, and maybe a bit of cash. That way I just skip the wallet altogether and just carry my phone with me.

But I haven't been able to find anything good for the Droid Razr... 




 It's so crazy how expensive the East Coast can be. In Minneapolis I had a sweet 2 bedroom apartment with a huge living room right near downtown for $700/month. Now in DC I couldn't afford a studio for that much.  




 And you guys both know The Economist is a British newspaper, right? 




 That sounds like an awful way to die... 




 I'm usually pretty internationalist, but lately I feel like we should just tell the Middle East "screw you guys, I'm going home" and let that region work itself out.

I know it would create a safe haven for terrorist, mess up our oil supply, humanitarian disater, etc. but seriously it feels like it's just going to be a perpetual clusterfuck over there. 




 I kind of want to try one... 




 Whiterun? 




 I didn't have a SNES growing up but my friends did so I watched them play FF6. Fast forward a few years and I got really interested in playing FF7 but didn't have a PS. So I waited until I saw FF7 for PC and picked it up. Still my favorite of the series.  




 Totally agree with "quality not quantity". 

The past 2 computers I bought were the cheapest laptops I could find and they all broke within 2 years. Then I spent a little more on the last one and I've had it for 7 years and its still going strong. To me, that's a lot more minimalist in the long run. 




 I used to have a bunch: flip phone, Sony PSP, Nook eReader, laptop, mp3 player...

Now I pretty much use my Android smartphone for everything, which makes it really easy to just take one thing on my commute. I'm even considering giving up home internet since I can just check email through my phone.  




 DC 




 I agree 100%. Language protection is one thing but when it gets to that level of harassment,  something is wrong.  




 Something that looked like Cloud's Hard Edge from FF7 (short, machete  type) but with a status ailment like Stop and Drain. 




 That's one lucky shot...

Don't see many WWI pics on here. Thanks for posting. 




