 r/worldnews/ to know what happening around the world. 




 All you want to do is go back to sleep, but you can't 




 It taste sweet and the texture is creamy, a bit crunchy on the outer side. 




 one of the most beautiful place of Southeast Asian country 




 I save photos like these because I hope one day I will get to travel to them. 









 She's a beautiful 









 What a miracle..her adoptive parents who gave her a life.to how this gutsy young lady ended up...so well deserved..wonderful..she has my full respect. 




 A Gamer's Date... 









 Become a cricketer, they travel lot across the globe... 




 Edward Michael "Bear" Grylls 




 Be a Sports Person 




 Oxygen... 









 goku vs broly 









 A Common Man with Dreams 




 FANTASTIC! ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL AND VERY VERY CREATIVE. WONDERFUL! 




 Searching for the same thing, If get any reference will definitely share here... 




 The world needs more young people like this and less people like the ones calling him a 'girl'.  




 i want to see a video of one of these being created. aweosme works 




 Depends on Tittle and Content... 




 http://imgur.com/gallery/X7ETbDU 




 It's a big scam but if you want to try your luck. Try it.
When they ask for money as transfer charges or any other charges. Don't pay them. Ask them to deduct it from winning amount. This will all reveal them... 




 The small Andean town of La Oroya has been home to a metal smelter run by Missouri based Doe Run Corporation since 1922. As a result nearly all the local children suffer from lead poisoning and respiratory complications. The Peruvian government has even been taken to court for crimes against humanity by various organizations. 




 1. Alarm goes off.
2. I ignore it.
3. Alarm goes off again.
4. I turn it off.
5. Father comes in, shouts at me to get up, walks out.
Fall back asleep.
6. Father comes back in, pulls off all of the blankets and sheets, and drags them to the opposite corner of the room.
7. I get up

And that's it! Just seven easy steps to getting out of bed!

*Note: Requires available parents or other blanket-pullers. 




 The Internship 




 Ask for my help then complain about the way I'm helping them. 




 There is a better way to stop hackers: introduce universal encryption and secure computer systems. In its quest to spy on everyone NSA introduces flaws and backdoors into all our computers, encryption, and electronic systems and has a policy of not informing companies of flaws that NSA discovers. This is because NSA considers spying more important than the security of American systems. The result is a system full of holes for non-NSA hackers to exploit. 




 First search for source of income. 




 Through my Character 




 Middle East... 




 bowl cut for men 




 [Longest word in English](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Longest_word_in_English) 




 perfect answer to that kind of a person...
 




 It really captures the complete attention. 




 really most boring nd funny marriage ever 




