 Ya I have read all her books.  I liked Dark Places the most but ya you're right.  She writes some brutal stories.   




 Sharp objects by Gillian Flynn  




 You should check out Gurren lagann.   




 Freedom. 




 I'm throwing my money at the computer but nothing is happening. 




 Kill la kill. 




 I finished madoka magica but I'll check those out! 




 I was the same way man.  Check out kill la kill, first 2 or 3 episodes will seem a bit silly and girly but it quickly rakes a real dark turn. 




 Thank you!  




 I read all of the light novel translations that can be found in the sidebar.  My question is; is there a difference between those translations and the official ones? And how is that different from the progressive? 




 I actually wouldn't mind spending time with the avatar.  As long as I am an earthbender then I'm fine.  




 What is the middle one on the bottom row? 




 Congratulations, that Is officially my new wallpaper for my phone.  That is really good! 




 The struggle is real man. 









 Well tell them to hurry their ass up then.  I need to get my fix. 




 Does anyone know when vol.15 will be translated? 




 That's a good album.   









 R.K. Flame has some pretty cool knives. 




 I think Half-life has one of the best story lines in the business.   




 Who is your favorite fictional villain? 




 I can honestly say on the last episode I will loose my shit. 




 That bike looks like a death trap...and I absolutely love it! 




 The deepest circle in hell is reserved for people who knock over motorcycles just because they can.  




 I would have liked her more in dexter if every other word out of her mouth WASN'T a swear. 




 I love my 82' cb900, it is truly a great bike! 




 *just curious. 




 I agree with you, I was  




 Do you know when 15 is gonna be out? 




 I started reading them about a week ago...I'm already in volume 10.  Read them you won't regret it. 




 Wow. 




 I can understand that.   




 I never saw the appeal for knives like that.  Unless you're Sam Fisher or something they really aren't that practical.   




 How can you mend this broken heart - Al Green. 




 What is the third one from the bottom? 




 Michael is a Demigod.  




 Im re-playing Far Cry 3. 




 That made me laugh...now im sad. 









