 I think I was originally thinking more along the lines of naturally occurring portals, I guess almost like rifts? I don't know why I didn't just think of movement as being a factor.  
  
I wasn't really thinking telepathy. To me, telepathy is like mind-reading or speaking mind to mind. I was thinking of a certain percentage of people being able to see higher level vibrations, which is where the other dimension would be located. Right on top of our own dimension, but vibrating at a higher frequency than our own. So these people that have this ability would be able to pass between the dimensions, and certain points, or portals, would be easier to pass through. The more people in an area that have this ability could change the properties of the portal points to where they begin transporting living or moving things between worlds. I was also thinking that people without the ability to see these higher frequencies wouldn't have been able to see the dragon, for example, only the fire that it created perhaps.  
  
I wanted the other dimension to be different. How we rely on technology for things like communication or weapons for example, would be different on their side. They would be able to interact differently with elements in their world. So their rods could be of a special metal that allowed them to bend natural magnetic fields (or something along those lines) to form a sort of shield, or even containment field. They wouldn't be able to do this without those rods. The way they lived would seem almost simple to someone from our world because they wouldn't need the same technology that we do to accomplish things. That sounds vague, I know, I just haven't thought it all the way through yet.  

I agree that I need to do better with the showing more than telling. Work has decided that its going to deny that link so I'll check it out when I get home. It definitely isn't my goal to make humans seem barbaric in the least, just that the visitors treat them that way.  
  
I don't want the Centauri people to be more defined until later in the story, I was thinking of purposefully only showing one kind of people from their world so the humans view of them would be sort of warped until a later time. So what they would be seeing was a militant group of individual and wrongly assume that the entire population of the dimension was aggressive, abrasive or snobbish.  
  
I'm not sure I want them to be biologically human but I'll have to read more about where a good point would be to dissect their evolutionary paths. I do want them to come from the same basic ancestor I believe, but have grown in different ways and abilities.  
  
I have a lot to think about. I wanted these ideas before I continued writing on this piece, figured it would be less rewriting in the end, which I am not a fan of. This is really good. 




 Thank you.  
  
I actually was thinking of having the dragon wander in from an opening without consciously trying but I don't know if I want inanimate things coming through too, like crashing together. It was my original thought to put more explanation into it that the "will" was simply wanting to be a different place than it already was. Not specifically another dimension. Ill have to rewrite that bit.  
  
I had to google psionics, I wasn't already familiar with the term but it sounds like maybe thats a bit of personal taste. I personally love the idea of what the brain could be capable of with evolutional or manipulation, etc. I do intend to include more tech, but most of the thigs I like to read are more based around what you probably think of as psionics. I will have to branch out and read some more variety to understand how I can best fit technology in with my idea. But I do agree that it would make the story more interesting.  
  
I also want to explore what makes the cultures each feel that they are more superior to one another, what skills make them different, but perhaps that bit just needs to be rewritten as well. I don't feel that either of these cultures are better than the other, but they will be very different, and I personally like exploring cultural conflict. In the end, I want an event that makes them band together in order to save both their people but I don't want them seeing eye to eye at the start and that usually seems to come from people believing they are better than someone else. Exploring where their pathes diverged though would be interesting, being overlapping dimensions I did want a few similarities. Ill have to think more on it.  
  
I definitely appreciate your feedback. 




 [Google Doc Link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GfqKV1fstXCSTVlk5GwbNC4g5Zw6L64Kl2TenSWd_yY/edit?usp=sharing)

Looking for feedback on whether to continue. Does it sound like an interesting read? Is there a specific direction you think would be really interesting for this tidbit to go in? How is my writing?

I've just decided I should let others read some of my writing to get some idea of where I want to go with it. And I didn't know the best place to start getting feedback so this is my first attempt.

I choose a writing prompt to work with daily and I kind of liked where this one was going.
  
Any helpful comments are welcome! Please also comment here if you comment on the actual document so I know to go look. If there are specific websites you use to get good feedback on your writing, I would appreciate it if you dropped me a comment on that as well. Thank you  
  
**Edit**: I rewrote portions, so the word count is now 564. 




 The men that held back the crowd were a mixture of army reserve from this world and officers from Centauris dimensional patrol. They were all clearly uncomfortable standing between a mob and a giant lizard, but the men from Centauri looked like they felt far more prepared to handle the situation. These officers held simple metal-like rods that seemed almost nonthreatening next to the armys security shields and guns. I knew they still had every reason to feel complete confidence amongst this worlds inhabitants. They were endowed with mental abilities that most of us could only dream of.
  
The beast gave a throaty challenge that was more of a deep rumbling moan than a roar as it continued waddling towards the Yellowstone caldera. It had the coloring of light gray ash one would see with the remains of a dead camp fire. Many people from our world called these creatures dragons. I doubted that the people of Centauri identified them with that term but they had never corrected us. To their more refined culture, we were bumbling invaders who were slightly barbaric in nature. With that said, they were not forth-coming about life on the other side of the dimensional veil.  
  
Centauri was not even the true name of their home world, that too was denied to us. Most of Earths leading government officials involved with our new visitors had agreed upon Centauri, being the name of our dimensions closest cluster of stars to the sun, and their dimension being the closest one to ours that we knew of. It almost overlapped our own, and it seemed that anything living on the Centaurian side (with the will to do so) could now pass through the veil. The dragon clearly had had the will to push itself through and now was in a state of confusion.  
  
The men did not allow the crowd to move forward as the dragon relocated away from the commotion we were creating. It lumbered towards an active geyser and stuck its head inside the spray. After adding more deep grumbling noises, it moved its whole body across the opening of the geyser and settled itself down, head resting on massive claws. It belched flame tendrils which caught on a close clump of grass but made no move to evacuate as more of the plant-covered area caught fire. The volume of conversation rose among the crowd as we watched. The patch was too secluded from others to cause much worry, but anxious questions flowed from the watchers. *What else could it do? And where was it going?* 




 Thank you. I wish I could stick with one idea longer lol 




 Leaving one world for the next is a thing partly of the mind and a little of placing. A door, as it might be thought of, could be located anywhere. The final part of our ascension comes when we both locate a door and push ourselves through. A door could sit on a beach, in a cave or even in mid-air. A being can access these doors once specific credentials have been met. The credentials can be anything from having specific strands of DNA to surpassing a specific level of spiritual growth. Once the credentials have been met, the correct frame of mind is needed to utilize the door. This state cannot be described, it can only be known and felt by those individuals who possess the traits needed to pass through to a place on the other side. 









 [Kirby confused at why we are going on a car ride when its cold.](http://instagram.com/p/veOlNytON4/) 




 That was going to be my suggestion! 




 Poor baby :( 




