 that's what someone else said 




 Sanders is a brave man to tackle income inequality  




 #wtf  




 Still blizzard at least, cmon Man!  




 Drone battles OMG would be SICK  




 He dares tackle inequality  




 Double space  




 Damn right it does 

 




 /r/meditation  




 Great answer, don't need to waste the tickets  




 It's over  




 Don't be a tool of the government  




 OP will repeat his mistakes if he doesn't break the cycle  




 This shit again  




 /r/meditation  




 We got a winner  




 Yes  




 yea i hope it is not as big an albatross as you fear! but anyway i dont think bernie will get very far, he just doesnt have the big backers 




 Heh then he's gonna have to pay damages  




 The biggest reason is his attacks on inequality  




 While all developing countries  from the least developed to middle-income  can celebrate accomplishments in their progress towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), critical gaps remain. Despite vast diversities, African, Least Developed, Landlocked, Small Island and Middle-Income Countries share, to varying degrees, many common challenges on their path to equitable sustainable development. These include: poverty, growing inequality, hunger, food insecurity, improving public health and education, providing social protection, youth unemployment, migration, urbanization, changing age structures, growing pressures on resources, and climate change. Some countries also face conflict situations or post-conflict fragilities. In many, the globalization of inequality and social exclusion is leading to increased social unrest and dissatisfaction with current models and trends of development. In various cases, these challenges are aggravated and perpetuated by weaknesses in democratic governance and institutional capacity, weak infrastructure, debt burdens, economic crisis, corruption, funding shortfalls, and declines in development cooperation.

This brief focuses on three key pillars for achieving social, economic and environmentally sustainable development:

Advancing the human rights of women and girls and gender equality;
The rights and empowerment of adolescents and youth;
Sexual and reproductive health and rights for all.
These are essential, cross-cutting foundations for a post-2015 people-centred and planet-sensitive development agenda. They are mutually-reinforcing prerequisites for progress, relevant for all countries regardless of their stage of development. They are also smart, effective and cost-saving investments with multiple payoffs across a range of development objectives.

A human rights-based and holistic approach to sustainable development must address multiple dimensions of discrimination and exclusion, including for women and young people as the two largest demographic groups in the world facing inequality and insecurity. Sexual and reproductive health problems  which are preventable  take a huge toll on lives, families, productivity, economies and public budgets. They entrench poverty and erode development prospects, and represent costs and burdens that can and must be lifted. The limited investments in these key areas is a major reason why many of the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) have not been achievedan important lesson for crafting the post-2015 agenda and the Sustainable Development Goals. 




 yea just look at Norway.. richest fucking country on earth.. huge as fuck, land for everyone... most restrictive immigration policies on earth 




 heh i didnt gain from minox imo, felt like it contributed to the shedding.. but obviously studies show it works or whatever.. i dropped it after 6 months or so. didnt notice any extra shedding but the studies show u lose what u gained obviously

 




 dropped it for straight fin ages ago, minox smells terrible, is expensive, u have to apply 2x or 3x / day etc etc 




 Xiao Hai is better than Mark Teddy that's for sure  




 same as being born gay, or watever.. nobody asked for it.. i dunno tho im not a doctor but.. 




 i mean, nobody asked to be born a pedo.. its a curse heh 




 wasnt there an issue with the bot not properly doing something? i forget 




 When people say assimilate what they really mean is "become white" which obviously is impossible.  




 the people like me? what does that even mean? not everyone fits into your handy box..

want to check out some of my sub-reddits?

 /r/postnationalist - immigrant rights

/r/yellowperil - racism against asians

 




 BURN THAT STRAWMAN TO MAINTAIN YOUR SENSE OF SUPERIORITY!
 




 It has a buffering function, at least the command line version  




 Reddit is too dumb for subtle sarcasm  




 Awesome app especially for bad connections  




 At least the mods didn't delete it.. 




 Trackball is different...  




 Try some low low tier teams first  




 Everytime they do reddit and the media shits all over them..  




 Feminism and srs feminism banned me despite me contributing tons and never trolling..  




 YA those are very opposed accounts.. Especially mod logs  




 325k link Karma here, any offers? No.. Because it's not real OP 




 Fuck your hate  




 Srsdiscussion banned me after posting about racism against Asians yesterday because i have lots of karma in /r/conspiracy... Sigh  




 The sub is heavily moderated I got banned ages ago.. 




 2001 American pot monsters and the Asians still gonna be top8 




 /r/postnationalist  




 Heh I've seen upvoted comments here calling for /r/conspiracy to be banned, is it any wonder everyone is scared of being next? 




 I see the argument all the time on reddit. "I don't mind immigration, I just hate people who break the law".. 

Well dunno about them but simply as a pot smoker and jaywalker I broke the law thousands of times.. 




 I think a form of global socialism is the only way (or no socialism), because otherwise the incentives to lock people out of your rich socialist country are just too high.  




 Oh yes you are the enlightened one, preach on! I can feel the smug through my phone..  

I run a freaking immigration rights sub and revived a srs style Asian focused /r/yellowperil but still got banned from srsdiscussion yesterday for daring to discuss racism against Asians while having submitted previously to /r/libertarian

This crusade you're running just drives tons of similar minded people into the arms of the bigots and "free speech" brigade.  




 You'll lose your hair soon enough, young jedi.  




 Well after him makes sense but.. Snowden is a fucking hero exiled to Russia for revealing government crimes. 




 I've already seen subredditdrama proposed bans on /r/conspiracy  




 What is the controversy cross? 




 /u/trollabot postnationalism 




 No surprise there when you look at how people treat them!  




 Who do Europeans hate more? Muslims, gypsies or refugees? 




 All ideologies use this strategy to dismiss their opponents. See it constantly in srs and r socialism. You're not a true feminist! You're not a true socialist!  




 This sub is FGC cancer.. Killing all games except sf.. Why do they say FGC in the sidebar when they hate every other game? 




 BECAUSE FANBOIS  




 Well obviously hate it because otherwise people will downvote you.  




 Well I did get banned from srsdiscussion yesterday because of my post highlighting racism against Asians. Oh sorry, because the mod didn't like my post history. Just more censorship from the left wing.. Is it any wonder I ended up in "free" speech supporting subs? 

Even complete ideological enemies like /r/European don't ban me..  




 And even today Americans defend Iraq and Afghanistan  




 How does insisting on hiring Americans over Mexicans have nothing to do with nationalism?  




 /r/governmentoppression  




 Cmon in every other thread /r/technology is crying for more battery life  




 And street fighter 4 




 But they can't leave it at that, they have to hate on literally every other fighting game too.. 




 But also all the 9/11 truth  vids I've seen have echoed this point. Freefall was only for 2.25 seconds etc.  




 Hey I'm not defending the NIST report that thing was a mess  




 ive been harassed by cops my entire life. never met an isis member. 




 yea, that was the government. which the TPP will restrict the powers of.. 




 The observed descent time of the upper 18 stories of the north face of WTC 7 (the floors clearly visible in the video evidence) was 40 percent greater than the computed free fall time. A more detailed analysis of the descent of the north face found three stages: (1) a slow descent with acceleration less than that of gravity that corresponded to the buckling of the exterior columns at the lower floors, (2) a freefall descent over approximately eight stories at gravitational acceleration for approximately 2.25 s, and (3) a decreasing acceleration as the north face encountered resistance from the structure below.
 




 Even though the lower undamaged structure was designed to be able to handle the upper damaged 18 stories, this is only true in a static sense. Once the loads became dynamic (due to gravity), the dynamic loads had already far exceeded the structural design limit and the failure had to propagate until all the energy is dissipated.

This is true for nearly every structure in existence, and certainly true for every skyscraper: once progressive collapse begins, it can't be stopped because the supporting structure below cannot handle the many multiplications of the load it was designed to support.
 




 they were nationalist socialists.. its pretty damn obvious. modern socialists just hate it when you reference them..

just ask Bernie sanders.. AMERICAN JOBS ARE THE MOST IMPORTANT. WE MUST PROTECT THE WORKERS IN THE HOMELAND. 




 you forgot street fighter 4, street fighter 4 unlimited edition ,street fighter 4 alpha, street fighter 4 beta.. 




 a Canadian admits theyre basically Americans  




 because it tastes awful? 




 yea the stock market is rising high on printed new money 




 wish they had wrote TRADES instead of tades lol

also this 2.5 million figure is about 147,500 million off the 15 billion op CITES.. 




 treason? so the state is a righteous figure we should be defending now? 




 I had huge faith in him legalizing online poker and ive been severely disappointed hah 




 interesting, ill send them an e-mail 




 this sub likes one game and one game only 




 Syria and Libya were also destabilized by the West  




 /r/postnationalist  




 /r/postnationalist  supports all humans! 




 anyone looking for a political guest to talk about immigration and immigrant rights in the modern world?? im your guy. and i have a big social media reach, so we will help each other! 




 ok , deleted 




 /r/911truth 




 ISIS! You mean the group that rose to power because of American wars?  




 If you figure out the meaning of life please do tell  




 good post 




 "do no evil" except in service of the US government  




 Hilarious. So many fools think the world's second biggest economy collapsing wouldn't affect them  




 Ya he was innocent the day of his murder  




 Well I posted it in blackfellas because they are the biggest victim of police brutality.. But I admit I tend to be racebaity  




 I'll stop  




 Because nationalism  




 Fuck German Internet Regulation  




 I left ages ago to a place with less police harassment - China  




 China? Whose immense growth has driven a global economic boom and have seen steady wage increases for 30 years.. 

Thank god for trade.  




 I've been disappointed by so many blogs on 9/11, especially watching gage on cspan keep talking about freefall when freefall was clear only for 2 seconds in wtc 7. Please keep posts on 9/11 truth to we'll researched factual information, or we cannot be taken seriously.  




 Ya i dunno much about the thermite in the samples, that seems pretty legit, and I doubt the samples are tampered with, I'm just saying that the process was not very scientific and I'm tired of getting excited for 9/11 truth only to find out the blog I'm reading doesn't bother checking their stuff  




 http://np.reddit.com/r/AskEngineers/comments/33tl74/how_did_the_wtc_north_tower_top_section_fall_and/ 




 Seriously? Your argument is that I'm mossad? Don't make me dig up that /r/askengineers thread where they debunk every point /u/lookingfortruths makes.. 

We both want to find the truth behind 9/11, I'm just a bit sticker on research apparently..  




 /r/Meditation  




 She wanted you to fuck her but instead you bored her  




 I'm just trying to show police racism  




 http://i.imgur.com/GO4StoL.jpg 




 "satire" subs turn into the real thing anyway just check /r/MURIKA (actually don't) 




 I had my posts about racism on Asians removed today from srsdiscussion (and banned) because I had previously submitted a highly upvotes profreespeech post.. Sigh

Safe spaces are just an excusev 




 Reddit srs cancer spreading across the net  




 Ya Germany is damn fascist about the Internet  




 America is very puritan  




 Ah finally he took a stand on it  




 You mean American companies.. And they already do.  




 Tesla is a huge beneficiary of government funds and subsidies and they are a fucking luxury auto brand goddamnit  




 The TPP let's companies sue the government for harmful regulations. In fact I saw the Guardian arguing it will let companies sue it the state seizes them.. 

Seems fair  




 Also. Why come up with a tax like this.. Political suicide.. 




 Same shit, different fascists  




 When did you realize it was just a dream though? Did you regret it? 




 If she's not fucking you she's not your gf  




 Funny how he asks for Syrian and Libyan wars and voila.. Here we are. 




 /r/governmentoppression 




 They literally measure survival rates in 5 year spans. So even if you survive the cancer 70% with chemo.. That's only for 5 years. Meanwhile your brain is fried  




 You had me until "tastes better" hah  




 At least Jeb supports immigration reform! And fuck this article for attacking NAFTA by saying "day terk mah jobs"  




 Yep. The  basic income folks rarely support basic income for people in Africa or Asia.  




 It's /r/conspiracy you have to sort the wheat from the chaff somehow!  




 And /r/movies didn't even hate on American sniper.. Sad  




 /r/titlegore  




 The government won't prosecute itself seriously we must do it.  




 Everything is a false flag here, including the FPH drama lol. the TPP will bring our world closer together. 




 Even /u/mylespower couldn't explain this except as some jet fuel / elevators dropping.  




 How can you call it a peer reviewed study when it was published in an online journal using years old dust people stored in their homes etc? 

I just wish they had better samples etc. Too bad the government didn't bother running a proper investigation..  




 Dunno it seems to me like this forum has "shut our ears" a bit on the 9/11 issue. I see a ton of convincing evidence that a) only partial freefall and b) the towers collapsed from the fires 

/r/askengineers had a ton of responses to all the 9/12 physics questions.. Too bad I am not qualified to judge who is right. 

That said.. It was just too perfect. inside job!   




 /r/yellowperil  




 yep. its not really going to be in your favor as a man, especially if you are a bit rusty from being married/dating for so long~

but in the end men and women end up having sex with each other , so , be handsome, dont be not handsome~ 




 isnt sexual attraction // fetishes etc based on our experiences? like we can almost decide it ourselves by experimenting etc?

i guess gay people disprove this but..  




 Ya Chinese bans on Google products make more sense now.. (although still mostly protectionism) 




 YOU HATE MEXICANS NOW?? TIME FOR BEN 




 SRS themed game:

CENSOR THE EVIL REDDITOR BEFORE HE CORRUPTS THE CHILDREN 




 yea. i got driven here by SRS censorship when I tried posting in SRSdiscussion about racism against asians.. 

never bothered to check out this sub before, but hey, since im an official enemy why not? 




 i never checked out this sub before, but SRS censorship drove me here. i was literally posting about racism against asians and they still censored me. not a surprise given theyre all white liberals but still..

anyway it would be easy to ban links to voat, just call it a hate-site or whatever the fuck 




 /r/yellowperil for an SRS themed asian issues sub 




 the good posts I make about asian POC issues get deleted.. is it any wonder why i tend to err on the side of free speech?

i literally waited all night to post that because of the submitting limits. sigh.
 




 the good posts I make about asian POC issues get deleted.. is it any wonder why i tend to err on the side of free speech?

i literally waited all night to post that because of the submitting limits. sigh.
 




 ok fair enough. i am mad about getting banned. but i thought this was a great issue and a great place to discuss it. and then, banhammer. 




 well after they removed my last post addressing issues POC face, i messaged them. they warned me to be careful et al, so i was super careful, submitted again. removed and banned.

sigh. making this post probably wont help me get unbanned, but, im a huge defender of POC on reddit ..  wish they would see that and stop getting in the way.. 




 nope, no explanation. and id talked to the mods in PM  a month back so it really came out of the blue when I get banned after submitting a good discussion about hollywood whitewashing.. 




 fuck /u/sappercon and their police apoligism 




 /r/Bad_Cop_No_Donut/ 




 oh, yet another website that has the only reason for the TTIP being bad is DEY TERK ERR JERBS

oh wait, this time its **THE MEAN COMPANIES WILL SUE IF WE PRIVATIZE THEM..**



 




 journaling? 




 /u/redditors_are_racist 




 take note , POC, srs doesnt give a shit about you 

/r/yellowperil 
 




 meditate !! lets goooo! /r/meditation ~
 




 this should be right up their alley.. i guess SRS just dont care about asian people 




 found the same materials? apparently the material they tested was stored in private homes for years and years.. hardly scientific 




 28 pages more! 




 the TPP is a free trade agreement that reduces American government power, so for some reason /r/conspiracy is against it 0_o 




 you know when they claim deals are JOB KILLERS waht they really mean is "WAAH WE WANT MORE LABOR PROTECTIONISM" 




 interesting, should add that to the NIST report~ 




 well thats awfully nice of all the engineers to participate!

frankly im afraid that 911 truth is going to have to accept that jet fuel can indeed melt wtc towers and stick to the saudi/cia/mossad part of the conspiracy

dunno tho im just another random on the internet 




 /u/mylespower 




 yea and i hate to detract from any mixed race kids who look identical to white barbies and their struggle but.. 

I think it's Hollywood being business as usual. 




 /r/yellowperil 




 But how to do the technique lol  




 Ya that's the amazing part. It takes all that mental struggle out of the equation  




 ups 




 Heh let's hate because they're not capcom 

FGC represent  




 /r/postnationalist  




 good headline~ 




 tagazoo.over-blog.com/article-capcom-boy-45541988.html 




 thats rude. i already stopped x-posting here anyway! /r/postnationalist has 3000 subs im not gonna abandon it to mess with /r/evex lol 




 yea even stuff like walking meditation or whatever seems really helpful

frankly i tihnk sports/long distance running etc probably classifies as some form of meditaiton 




 I think NRS is learning from capcom here, they've already started funding a proleague  




 haha i mean what else can u do, shes white as an irish ghost in canada 




 western people dont really do mantra meditation i think, but it sounds interesting.. the breath is so abstract and easy to lose focus  




 canada is a joke as far as pharms are concerned

let us buy what we want
 




 yea it would have been easy to be full bar all tournament if you were really gonna cheat.. 




 i have to agree that bitcoins best use case appears to be for off-the-grid transactions 




 yea, watching the chinese factory workers.. i mean im glad they have a job.. but.. id kill myself probably 




 yea i think MC is doing fine, frankly its a good time to quit.. better than go out like Flash has :( 

FLASH COME BACK TO BW 




 thats why i try not to get bogged down in specific political ideologies 




 as if /r/china cares about chinese muslims thats a fucking joke 




 As I'm a visible minority  




 Honestly same stuff scares me in China  




 im sure they will cry hypocritically  




 maybe /r/starcraft can learn that protectionist legislation actually does hurt people too 




 yea, currently at 150 less viewers than sleepfighter.. dedgame

http://www.twitch.tv/directory/game/Ultra%20Street%20Fighter%20IV 




 except maybe during some huge events MKX has never had less streamers than SleepFighter

and anyone watching the SFV knows, they didnt speed up shit. 




 Plus I used a few already.. 




 But at least we protected the status quo!  




 I thought you fools didn't watch mkx? 




 this sub refused to let me link to their stream ... Pure self fulfilling prophecy.. 




 OK mom  




