 James Shields? Or maybe Cole Hamels? 




 The guy's got some sick stuff, that's for sure. 









 Yes, but they're the only ones who can really do anything about this problem.  




 I'm amazed at how many minor league chances he's gotten. D was a great pitcher once, but.... 




 Ruben Amaro should have cleaned house a year or two earlier when those older guys still had real value. Then again, he might have had an owner who told him not to sell. Their loss. I hear their farm system ain't great either, so hopefully Phils fans enjoyed their run...it's gonna be awhile before they're back again.  




 The Dems would be smart to go with Rendell or someone new. Sestak is a re-tread; maybe he deserved better and could beat Toomey this time, but I'd go another direction there. 

PPP's polls lean to the left. Whenever I see one, I always mentally add a few points for the GOP candidate. They're more accurate that way.  




 They won't allow transactions with ghosts. 




 One of the BitShares assets would be good. Or Nubots if their bots are turned on.  









 Intolerance and religion seem to have a close relationship much of the time.  









 Gorgeous. According to landscape artist Francis McComas, Point Lobos features the "greatest meeting of land and water in the world".  




 I was hoping everyone would tell Boras to stuff it. This just encourages him to continue his ways. Apparently, they work.  




 I'm not convinced it's a winner. Why have the Democrats, who naturally hold that constituency, turned away from the politics of poverty? They've become the party of the middle class and modern working people. The poor have nowhere else to go unless they're right-wing Christians or choose not to vote. I just don't see these country club Republicans as having a whole lot of appeal to those groups. 




 And he pumps his own gas.  




 I bet JF could still pinch hit in the majors. That guy was always in terrific shape, physically and mentally. I'm a little surprised he hasn't hurt some part of his body, though, with that funky stance he uses.  




 Beautiful! I went there in 1998. Didn't see a tourist all day.  




 Ah yes, the poster child for poverty in America: Willard M. Romney.  




 I'm half joking, but I do recall reading somewhere that he owned the Oklahoma team that affiliated with the Dodgers, where did set off a game of musical chairs, though I'm sure it wasn't the only factor by any means.  




 It's all Magic Johnson's fault. He owned part of a minor league team that affiliated with another team and they moved it to the Dodgers. That set off a ripple effect and the dominoes fell all over baseball.   




 I never thought he'd show up there at this point. 




 Rick Perry couldn't name all three branches of government.  




 That "push" and "pull" description is right on target for Windows 8. 














 And the last Padre time actually PLAYED in an All Star Game was four years ago.  




 Terrific! 









 Has anybody noticed the Senate is in GOP hands now? Confirming liberals is tough or well nigh impossible. Obama's throwing forward some people he thanks have a chance.  




 Is NuBits backed by collateral?  









 Whenever a president takes international actions (of almost any sort), he is criticized. This group of Republicans couldn't even find Paris on a map. An astonishing number of House GOPers do not even have passports.  




 He's definitely biased. But he documented this pretty well, I thought, using NXT's own block explorer. As someone who has held NXT myself, I'm truly interested in knowing whether it is a decentralized currency. 




 I don't think that tampering with the First Amendment is the way to go. If we had publicly funded elections (or crowd-funded ones), and the voters actually held all candidates/campaigns to the expectation they would honor this, then there would be a public consensus to shame anyone who spent more outside of this system.  









 Is that why they get scared into voting for people like Ted Cruz? 




 Foxes guarding the henhouse. I feel very sorry for Texans that they're stuck with this guy...and so are the rest of us. 




 Impressive array.  




 Unconscionable. 









 Yeah, I get it. Just having fun with this! 




