 I doubt that. 12-14 year olds watch Markiplier/Pewdiepie. 




 I'm 23. I know what a digimon is, but not a tamagotchi.
The demographic they're aiming for is right around my age. I believe Arin is 25 or 26 or so

A younger audience than that probably *wouldn't* know what these things are 




 I'm allergic to prostitute dander 




 The versatility can be demonstrated as almost every word in the following sentence:

"Fuck the fucking fuckers" 




 Fantastic! Took my kids to the mall, went to Panera Bread and had some amazing soup, came up with a great idea for a funny song, wrote AND recorded it in a matter of 2-3 hours, and discovered a fun video-game that my wife and I played together. Now I'm editing my song while enjoying some delicious Boston Lager beer and browsing Reddit to keep myself entertained 




 attaboy! 




 "What are you thinking about?" 




 Sternum. But only in a thick Brooklyn accent where it suddenly becomes a cartoonish word

'Stoy num!"
 




 Not with the substance I've imagined in your path! 




 I'd rename dogs "prostitutes" just to hear sentences like:

"Hey hon, you wanna go to the shelter and adopt a prostitute? Let's try not to get one that'll hump your leg" 




 Everytime a person thinks about grapefruit, a kitten bursts into flames.

If they try to figure out *why* then that would just cause more kittens to burst into flames because it would eventually lead to thoughts of grapefruit popping into their mind

Where's your God NOW!? 




 I would clog the toilet of the world's best plumber with pure cement that looks and feels like feces to the human senses. 




 the motherfucker slays VAMPIRES, dude! 




 Lincoln.

Always. All the terms. All the time 




 To pee... or not to pee.... THAT is the question! 




 Primarily, it'd be difficult to see, which is necessary for my sight. So it'd be really hard to do things that require vision. 




 That word when you cum... I think it's spelled like:

"oooohhHuhayfgaggaaaaaaaaaaa!" 




 The one that gets posted daily 




 A random pedestrian. The note would say:

"Watch out for falling rocks" 




 Game Grumps 




 Keep doing the thing that made me rich and famous, only my off time will be filled with much travel and leisure, as well as a lot of charity donations/events 




 I was gonna say something along these lines but you beat me to it 




 Detroit 




 Spyro the Dragon.

That game is so good, but undeniably cheesy 




 A State ID works. You get those from the same locations as driver's licenses 




 anytime man :) 




 There is, but unfortunately, that's where the term "in the closet" comes from. It's a horrible thing that people deal with all around the world 




 Sure thing :) 




 Oh no, I wrote back :'( 




 That's the only reason I could think of that anyone would wish they could change their sexuality.

But what they really mean is, they wish that people didn't hate others so aggressively for something that doesn't affect *their* lives at all.

There's no reason that people should have to deal with that hate or hide their sexuality for fear of it 




 Less it is, then :) 




 What you're describing is "OCD" which is a heightened state of what everyone goes through, only with a pseudo-superstitious aspect to it.

No I don't obsess like that, but there are people who do.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Obsessive%E2%80%93compulsive_disorder 




 umm... I think everybody would choose the sexuality they currently identify themselves with. Otherwise they wouldn't identify with that 




 Make me :)

(hint: You **can't** ...more or less) 




 Unwarranted aggression huh?

Have a nice day, douche :D 




 Spread your legs so I can wipe it! 




 If you work hard at a low wage job for 40-60 hours a week, you will become rich. (or at the least, afford to pay for rent, food, and bills) 




 Sending a picture of your balls to their mother 




 Do you know how expensive a porn addiction would be in a pre-internet society? 




 /r/nostrilsthatlooklikeUSstates 




 It means "with small variations : approximately"

For example;

"Do you think Reddit is full of dumb questions like this one?"

"Yeah, more or less" 




 Original Content 




 Then what logical reason would 'the white race' die out soon? 




 Content Creator 




 Do you think whites only exist in America? 




 My Menstrual Cycle.... but then again, I'm a guy, so, it's easily a confusing issue 




 "Whoa... you can tell *he* doesn't wipe!" 




 Sketch comedy

[Source](http://www.youtube.com/mussonman) 




 Some weird thought he had that he suspected would make for a great, awe-inspiring quote:

"If you put me in a box.... is the box still a box? ... I think not!" 




 The Aqueduct? 




 I didn't mean YOU were throwing hate at her.

I just meant that I felt bad for her in general because a lot of people are dicks for no reason when it comes to Suzy 




 I always see her behavior when she's grumping as someone who actually cares about the game and not so much about the comedy.

She seems really competitive when she's playing a video-game.

I feel bad for her because of the unwarranted hate she receives. 




 If you've ever been in a live-action video, you'd probably understand what an uncomfortable experience it is. You have these bright lights on you, a camera pointing at you, a microphone dangling over your position, people behind the camera watching, and an audience in the future will be viewing your every move expecting to be entertained. The main thing that defines good acting is the ability to put that awkward situation past you and be entertaining or funny or portray a character with emotions.

Ross has a great technique of playing his uncomfortable awkwardness for laughs. Ross's mannerisms in the live-action videos are a character unto themselves. He's often at his funniest in those videos 




 the anal sex 




 Lol, I'd like to see an animated video where the cops bust these suspicious businesses and find stashes of stolen goods, like power-ups or whatever 




 My Runescape has girlfriends that are 6 years old 




 I have 6 Runescapes and played girlfriend 




 I'll fight you over that shit, DO YOU WANNA THROW DOWN?! MY *DAD OWNS NINTENDO!* 




 Because they started a business together. That's what you do 




 Man, I've been searching for years for a photo of a giraffe holding a man up with his tongue, while looking like he just doesn't give a damn.

Thank you for this, I couldn't get off without it 




 all these years and it's still the best strategy game ever.

And it taught me so much about history and kept me interested in being knowledgeable 




 Maybe it's just a front business and what they really do is something shady like drug dealing or child pornography. You know, somewhere where they need a remote, dangerous location. 




 I shall dub all of my greatest villains the title of "Murderking" 




 I don't understand why anyone cares if they talk about 'game design.'

Neither of them are experts on it whatsoever and it's not exactly a good topic for comedic banter 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/gamegrumps/comments/1j21po/thank_you_all/cbae3uj

(interesting note:) If you view what he's replying to, someone is specifically asking him why they don't mention Jon by name 




 I'll schedule a call in the morning to remind you.

"hey! Don't go to prison." 




 well after all the rape, of course! It's not pooping if it just falls out of you without your consent

(hint; because your asshole is widened) 




 what does the P stand for in YOPO?

You only prison once?

Sure, with a *life sentence* that is true, but I digress 




 [You aint cool unless you pee in in your pants!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGDW-IfVA2s) 




 and all the other ones too 




 The Shower Rape.

By golly, you talk about some aggressive motherfuckers.  




 Rage Comics 




 Not go to my job 




 Yeah, scared the shit outta him though. He did kind of jump the wrong way. Like he jumped straight toward it. I think he was too nervous to remember what to do 




 okay, how about seeing if it's shadowbanned? 




 That's what I'm here for :)

check out youtube.com/mussonman for more laughter! 




 I just changed it to wetting myself instead.

Easier to hide 




 I saw a dude bounce off the tail of the plane once 




 Maybe your account is caught in a Groundhog Day scenario. Quick, try to become a better person! 




 /r/funny

Anything posted that is actually funny gets downvoted all to hell and god forbid you post something original!

 




 Man, if I was serious (and understood that reference) I'd probably be in deep shit.(?) maybe? 




 I think it's north of the U.S 




 sure 




 Why would it require 'after the age of 30'

What cannot be learned before you are 30? What it feels like to turn 30? 




 Sex, jobs, relationships, cars, meals, art projects, really anything that may or may not have a negative impact 




 lol, that was supposed to be like a shocked naive person's reaction 




 When your wife is blowing you while her girlfriend watches, wondering if it's okay if she sucks on it too, then your wife gives her permission and holds it for her, while holding her hair and controlling the motion. 




 Here's the best, most articulate way I can describe that smell, keep in mind, I'm no literary major, so if I'm not descriptive enough, I apologize. Anyway, here we go:

*"I've never smelled it"* 




 Fire 




 OH, *MY!* 




 then I think your understanding of the male genitalia is a bit askew 




 You will NEVER get carded for alcohol... NOT FUCKING ONCE!!! 




 should've said:

"Writing a book.

A book about having sex with your mom" 




