 R/news banned me for what was supposed to be a 1 month suspension but has since become a perpetual suspension,  without any notification or reason,  other than only the mod that banned you can unban you. This ban came suddenly after I complained about Bipolarbear0's censorship directly to the mods of r/news.  I complained about Bipolarbear0 to the mods of r/news and the next time I posted an article about Israel/Palestine I was banned for posting opinion/analysis pieces. Pretty fucked up, you can't complain about the mods without being banned. 




 This post is complete bullshit.  How the fuck is this at the top of the page ? I see a lot of people complaining about the decline of this sub over the last few months but this post really underlines it. How the fuck can this guy liken a Jewish banking conspiracy to aliens or reptilians ? Its as if the Rothschild dynasty never occurred,  look at the Board of Governors for the Federal Reserve for Christ's sake. This has to be the shittiest meme I've ever seen on here, and it's completely antithetical to what this sub stands for,  it completely disparages us Free Thinkers,  and yet there it is at the top of the page, mocking us. This post is above the 1 about Michael Hastings,  a real life conspiracy involving government assassination programs. I think this sub has been too badly compromised, its a shell of what it once was. Aliens, what nonsense.  I like my conspiracy theories how I like my data storage,  terrestrial,  fuck the cloud and fuck this meme.  




 Thank you, and yes I do feel like an idiot right now.  




 The whole time Rick was tussling with that guy in the bathroom I couldn't help but think think:

'How do the other guys not here them up there breaking things and what not ? '  




 So you just directly contradicted yourself, 1st you said:

"They would have to already be monopolies in their current areas for your claim to be true."

Then you said:

"So then my point stands, they are already currently in a monopoly in your area."

WTF ? 
Cognitive dissonance much ?  




 See, if you look at the drug war from a purely economic point of view, the role of the government is to protect the drug cartel. That's literally true.


 Milton Friedman 




 I believe it, it's obscene how much clout Comcast has, I'm typing this from Center City Philadelphia, so I'm literally in the shadow of the Comcast Building/Comcast HQ. No one knows better than Philadelphians how badly Comcast fucks you every month, leaving you butthurt well into the next billing cycle. 

I pay $170/month for Internet, Cable and phone, and in return get the worst customer service ever and zero choice in subscribers. I've been talking about getting all of my entertainment from the internet for a long time but I haven't been able to effectively cut the cord. This merger has provided me the impetus to strike a symbolic blow against Comcast and sever the cord that has bound me to this monopolistic industry for far to long. 

What is so wrong about choice in a supposed free market ? What Comcast is doing is comparable to a corporation like Google, stopping Yahoo from allowing their service to be provided to entire regions, imagine that for a moment. Imagine if you lived in California you could choose between a Google or Yahoo search, but your friend in Seattle having to use Bing, because Bill Gates has got it like that in Washington state. 

TL?DR?
Fuck Comcast. They are the Rockefeller, Standard Oil of the 21st century.  




 He came it out of fucking nowhere and said that I, and Salon should be banned from r/conspiracy, with his fucking 2 day old, shill account. He just hijacked/derailed a thread of mine on r/politics, like literally within minutes of having commented on this article. I normally don't feed the trolls like that, but when a 2 day old account is calling for bans and censorship on r/conspiracy, who among us as an un-indoctrinated, free thinker can resist exposing them ?   




 Do what you want, take it up with the mods, IDK, more importantly you're a terrible Reddit commentator, please stop commenting on my submissions, you've totally hijacked/derailed this thread. Congratufuckinglations.  




 The mods. 

They will ban you if you flood new posts queue.  




 I'm allowed to post twice an hour, what the fuck is YOUR problem. This is the second time you've commented on 1 of my posts in 5 minutes and the 1st one was about how I, and Salon should both be banned from r/conspiracy. Looking for it now to copy   paste ... and you've deleted that comment because I exposed you as only having an account for 2 days. Thanks for your contribution to Reddit, u/-moose, "redditor for 2 days" /s.  




 "redditor for 2 days"

Really ? Thanks for the censorship suggestion Newbie. This is an important issue. Also I've posted more prescient content on r/conspiracy than your average free thinker, and anyone who's been on r/conspiracy longer than 2 days can confirm this.  




 NOOICE!  




 Alright, I'll just delete it then. 
 




 Gee, I don't know ?

Maybe because Obama didn't condone or endorse slavery, the article isn't about slavery and it has nothing to do with the subject. 




 So the fact that they are both Presidents isn't a factor at all ? Because it seems like most people would see the correlation immediately, but it appears to be lost on you. 

Yes, he owned slaves, is that the first thing you go to whenever someone brings up any of the Founders ? 

Seems like a pretty lazy observation to me, and one that completely misses the point of the comment. 

Why don't you go point out the fact that George Washington owned slaves to more people on Reddit, I'm sure no one knows about it, /s.
I'm through feeding the trolls for one evening.  




 How is that relevant ?  




 Ok, apparently he didn't say that. George Washington did say this though:

Make the most of the Indian hemp seed, and sow it everywhere!

 George Washington

Both of them did grow hemp as well. It's disappointing that Jefferson didn't say that though, I've cited that quite a lot over the years. 

http://blog.constitutioncenter.org/2012/11/busting-some-myths-about-the-founding-fathers-and-marijuana/ 




 Some of my finest hours have been spent on my back veranda, smoking hemp and observing as far as my eye can see. 

 Thomas Jefferson 




 One of the saddest lessons of history is this: If weve been bamboozled long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of the bamboozle. Were no longer interested in finding out the truth. The bamboozle has captured us. Its simply too painful to acknowledge, even to ourselves, that weve been taken. Once you give a charlatan power over you, you almost never get it back. 

 Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark 




 Herb is the healing of a nation, alcohol is the destruction. 

 Bob Marley 




 Okay, I deleted my post   used the link you provided. Thank you for linking to it.  




 Its called intelligence. 

Dolphins have a huge cerebral cortex and a complex language. 

I also don't eat pork,not for any sort of weird religious reason, but because pigs are much more intelligent than other livestock.  




 Any one of the Too Big To Fail Banks. JpMorganChase, Goldman Sachs, Bank of America, Wells Fargo etc., pick your poison America, and drink deeply. Taste that ? Its called capitalism.  




 James Corbett, of the Corbett Report and CorbettReport.com 

I consider James Corbett to be the antidote to Alex Jones. 

In these crazy times, it would appear that the only person we can trust as a news source is a Canadian, English professor,  living in the sunny climbs of Western Japan, who distributes his alternative news for very little,  if any profit.  




 You hear that ? 

That was the sound of you nailing it. 

When I sold weed in high school it was exactly for this reason. I would spend approximately $60 a week on bud on average and by selling weed I simply opted to smoke my profit. I would literally burn the potential 3 or 4 grams of profitable of buds. I basically looked at it like a slice saved is a slice earned, and then immediately thereafter burned.  




 So it's all out in the open now ...  




 I can't believe there isn't more of an effort in Japan to stop these atrocities. There's no doubt that watching the documentary film, The Cove, will make you form some opinions about the Japanese. I can't imagine why the Japanese government wouldn't want to improve Japan's image with respect to whaling and dolphin hunting. The way I see it, the Japanese and Chinese are driving all of Earth's most stunning and intelligent creatures to extinction; purely to satiate their own savage barbarism. There isn't anything racist about it, it's a fact. It used to be the Europeans, then it was briefly America and for the last 30 or 40 years China and Japan are providing the largest markets for endangered species. Prove me wrong Japanese and Chinese users of Reddit.  




 Indian here, can confirm blatant racism from US military and the families of US military. It's not appreciated. Those idiots in the comedy club only condone that meat-head vet's behavior. Yes, I understand that the comedian and the vet made up afterwards and I'm sure they had a touching, interracial interaction that warms the heart. However, it does nothing for people that have had to deal with institutionalized racism coming from the US military and it being widely condoned throughout American culture. 

You could take the most liberal, white guy from California and if a US soldier was being racist to an Indian guy at a gas station calling him Osama or some of the other favorites, sandnigger or camel-jockey and the liberal white guy would go:

"HA HA HA ! FUCK THAT GUY ! RIGHT ? YEA ! 'MERICA !"

Just to appease some sort of societal expectation of patriotism. My generation is so brainwashed in this pro-war mindset, it's really sad. I was thinking about it this past weekend watching the pre-game military ritual's before kickoff in the NFL. The overt militarism, the blind loyalty. Also, not for nothing there are more than 1.3 billion Indian people on Earth, we literally comprise 1/6 of humans. So you come as pretty fucking ignorant when you just come out and accuse all brown people of  being terrorists. Again, yes I'm aware that the vet was joking, but just imagine if someone in the audience who was white made a similar joke about a black comedian with respect to lynching ? 

BTW, I welcome the downvotes, butthurt military members and family of military members. Don't take your overt hypocrisy in condoning racism against Indian people and blasting racism in any other situation, out on me.  




 This is a very interesting story. The FBI certainly appears to be keen to tie up what could be perceived as any loose ends in relation to the Tsarnaev brothers. I wonder what it is this man knew that made the FBI torture him like that. Also how fucked is it for the parents to have to make the world view these painful, private photos; just to find out the truth. 




 "redditor for 16 minutes"

JIDF,  please go away. Has posted two comments,  both perpetuating pro-Israel propaganda and Hasbara talking points.  




 Rubber Bullet fired from gun  Rock thrown by hand 

Just for the record. 

Unless this is now up for debate as well. 
 




 He said without a hint of irony.  




 "redditor for 3 days"

JIDF, please go away.  




 Headline: 
Israeli students to get $2,000 to spread state propaganda on Facebook

http://electronicintifada.net/blogs/ali-abunimah/israeli-students-get-2000-spread-state-propaganda-facebook

That was easy. 




 http://www.thejidf.org/2010/06/volunteer-get-involved-help-support.html

http://www.hasbarafellowships.org/about-us/employment-opportunities

Try Google searching JIDF or Hasbara, but in your defense it did take me almost 30 seconds to find those sign-up/recruitment pages.  




 The US exposes AMERICANS to AMERICAN propaganda, the ISRAELI'S expose AMERICANS to ISRAELI PROPAGANDA, see the difference ? Or are you being paid to see the difference, and simply ignore it ?  




 Because the US exposes its own American citizens to American propaganda, Israel exposes American citizens to propaganda to get Americans to dislike countries in the Middle East; with the end result being the US sending Americans into the Middle East to fight and die in wars for Israel's interests. Israel is manipulating America into fighting its wars, and now they want to America to go into Syria and Iran for them. If Israel is so hellbent on restoring Greater Israel, then they should do their own dirty work. It's as simple as that, there's no Palestinian or Iranian equivalent of JIDF or Hasbara.  




 Maybe it's because there's no Arab equivalent of JIDF, there's just human beings out there that are sympathetic to the plight of the Palestinian people. The Palestinians are poor and impoverished, they are more focused on getting fuel,food and medical supplies past the Israeli blockade; they don't have the luxury of a paid Internet army of shills to astroturf, lie, shill and inundate the Internet with their propaganda. No country exposes another nations citizenry to such subversive propaganda.  




 So do you have to use a time-card to punch in for your JIDF job, or are you salary ? Does Israel give you health benefits to shill for them too ? Or are you just getting college credit to post your pro-Israel propaganda here ? People peruse the pages of Reddit as a recreational activity, not to be indoctrinated with pro-Israel propaganda. How many of these JIDF shills are there on this sub ? Keep on using your pro-Israel propaganda to justify your land grab. I try not to get in the habit of feeding the JIDF trolls, so I'm going to stop engaging with you seeing as how you're probably benefiting from the replies in some sort of bizarre JIDF, propaganda troll quota system. Here's some more links on Israel's Hasbara/JIDF propaganda program, and how it's used to manipulate American users of websites like Reddit: 

http://www.dailykos.com/story/2007/01/23/293836/-Israeli-Hasbara-Information-or-Propaganda-w-poll

http://972mag.com/israeli-universities-becoming-hasbara-mills/38929/

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jewish_Internet_Defense_Force

Wake up from your slumber Reddit, you are being barraged with propaganda courtesy of the Israeli Hasbara/JIDF program. 




 So far this thread is entirely comprised of JIDF trolls engaging in a pro-Israel circlejerk. I think Hasbara might be laying it on a little to heavy-handed, the propaganda is palpable to even the most casual of observers.  




 JIDF, please go away, get a real job. Do an honest day's work instead of subverting online political discourse with your shilling and lies. A quick scroll through your post history shows all you do is post pro-Israel propaganda on behalf of the Israeli government. This blatant propaganda being plastered all over Reddit is sickening. Here are some links proving how Israel is using JIDF trolls like /u/GeneralMunro to manipulate Americans into thinking other Americans have strong pro-Israel views:

http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2013/08/14/israel-students-social-media/2651715/

http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2013/08/14/israel-pay-students-propaganda_n_3755782.html

http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/students-offered-grants-if-they-tweet-proisraeli-propaganda-8760142.html

Don't fall for these JIDF shills. /u/generalmunro is at work right now for the Israeli government or some Israeli special interest group, and if you fall for his propaganda you are being worked. I'm sure /u/rosinthebow will be along shortly to defend his JIDF brethren, him and a bunch of other JIDF, pro-Israel propaganda agents. They could all be the same person for all we know, logging in and out of different accounts, it's pretty messed up. No other country subjects another country's citizens to internet propaganda via shills and astroturfing the way that Israel manipulates Americans.  




 I'm in, please mods, ban these trolls, a lot of these accounts strike me as JIDF at a casual glance. Anyone who unduly accuses someone of antisemitism to stifle conversation, critical of Israel should be banned. It's such an obvious subversion of the 1st rule of /r/conspiracy. All of a sudden you go from discussing the plight of the Palestinian people, to defending your credibility as an objective interpreter of events is Israel.  




 Why did we wait this long to make /u/axolotl_peyotl a moderator ? This should be at the top of the page of this sub and /r/politics, assuming counterpunch.com is even a domain that is allowed to be posted there.  




 Meanwhile, I was found ineligible for the ARD program which means that my 2012 misdemeanor marijuana possession conviction can never be expunged, and will remain on record in perpetuity.  




 Human error,  my bad.   




 Yea they do it to their own countries population,  they don't get on popular US forums for political discourse online to manipulate US foreign policy. China and America use propaganda to pacify their own citizenry,  Israel uses propaganda on Americans to sway public opinion on nations in the Middle East unfriendly to Israel.  AIPAC for instance lobbied Congress to go to war in Iraq, because it fits into a larger Israeli plan to destabilize the region. There's a big difference,  Israel is and has been attempting to control US foreign policy in the Middle East since its creation. If Israel has such a problem with Iran then they should handle that situation themselves,  instead they want Americans to go to Iran to die,  and murder innocent Iranian people. Israel should fight their own wars, or simply STFU.  




 You should change the part about the Federal Reserve to being aware that it is a privately owned banking cartel, operating for a profit for the same 7 families that have owned a stake in it these last 100 years.   




 Anything and everything Israel related gets met with an organized group of JIDF agents, acting in concert across /r/news, /r/politics, /r/worldnews, /r/conspiracy and of course the infamous /r/conspiratard trolls.  I started my Reddit career on /r/conspiracy this past February and have since moved on to posting in the larger subs, only to be met with an incredibly organized downvote brigade immediately after each Israel/zionism related post goes up. I'll literally have my lone upvote and 2 or 3 downvotes In a matter of seconds, its very frustrating. I can't get anywhere on those subs and am thinking about giving this sub the majority of my attention again. Also there's the fact that /r/news and /r/politics moderators hassle me daily, I've been banned and unbanned from /r/politics twice in the last month and am getting pretty tired of explaining to them how the AMERICAN Studies Association academic boycott of Israel is in fact US politics my eyes are going to pop out of my head,  the willing cognitive dissonance on behalf of those moderators is really unbelievable.  




 The JIDF is strong in this one.   




 JIDF ACTIVATE : FORM OF: AN ICE MENORAH !  




 It is well enough that people of the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system, for if they did, I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning.

 - Henry Ford 




 ok, I'll change it.
 




 Palestine belongs to the Arabs in the same sense that England belongs to the English or France to the French. It is wrong and inhuman to impose the Jews on the Arabs... Surely it would be a crime against humanity to reduce the proud Arabs so that Palestine can be restored to the Jews partly or wholly as their national home 

 Mahatma Gandhi 




 Ah yes the familiar ad hominem attack,  so we've reached this point in the dance.  




 Its referred to as a labor of love here in America,  keep your unnecessary u's in Israel you JIDF shill.   




 /m/todayIlearned83 told me that more than half of the article is pulled from other articles so despite being from a reputable website like BusinessInsider and being atop the page and having over 150 comment my post has been deemed Rehosted Content and will remain removed from /r/politics,  oh well back to the anarchy board.   




 What the fuck. 

This article makes my brown skin hurt.  




 UPDATE: /m/ todayIlearned83 told me that he made an error amd actually he meant to remove my post because it was Rehosted Content.  Apparently it pulled quotes from to many sources for 1 article.  WUT ? I also smell bullshit,  it was on the top of the fucking page,  let it stay up there, it was killing,  I appealed and I'll keep you guys posted,  I'm waiting on a response I was pretty diplomatic so IDK we'll see ?  




 This is the problem with Reddit, this is not a conspiracy,  this is a well known tragedy,  not a conspiracy.  Yes Jewish people turned the Palestinians into refugees and 2nd class citizens on their own land. If Jewish people have a problem with this they should stop being the most racist group of people on Earth and learn to live amongst the Palestinians peacefully. What kills me is that in America,  England and Canada Jewish people aren't even openly acknowledged as some of the most racist people, and somehow if you bring up their racism and how systemic apartheid is in Israel you are accused of being an antisemitic, racist, without a hint of irony.  




 I feel bad for you.   




 Yea, or at the top at the page. Can we have MORE picture plus 1 sentence political or social statement circle-jerks on this sub ? /s   




 I wasn't warned,  you're supposed to be given a warning,  I was just banned,  WTF ?!  




 Well Canada isn't doing it's best to send Canadian dual citizens to England to influence British foreign policy, there is no "Canadian lobby" in England; there to vote for increased Western intervention in the Middle East. America happens to have a great deal of politicians that are Jewish and therefore sympathetic to Israeli interests, coincidentally those same Jewish politicians always tend to vote in favor of bombing the hell out of other countries in the Middle East that doesn't approve of Israel. There is no Canadian equivalent of AIPAC, which tries to do its best to send young Americans off to the Middle East to fight for Israel's interests,  and at every opportunity they used their influence to put the United States on an inexorable path towards war with Iran. AIPAC, just recently put pressure on Congress and Obama to invade Syria of all places, Israel and these Israel 1st politicians just want America to do their dirty work. So now we want to put a self-admitted Zionist, Israeli dual-citizen in the 2nd most important position in terms of US finance ? That is absolutely ridiculous, it's to much of a conflict of interests. Moreover, this appointment would mean that they could not find an able economist throughout the United States to fill this position, which is something that is also ludicrous, and we need this financial wizard from Israel to come here and fix all of our monetary issues is preposterous. Also, how can you possibly compare a Canadian dual citizen, coming from Canada, a nation that isn't known for its controversial foreign policy, and also hasn't been overseeing an ongoing humanitarian disaster for the last 60+ years the way Israel has. I can't think of anytime Canada lobbied America and England to begin bombing a country in the Middle East because they didn't want to do their own dirty work. Israel is infiltrating US foreign policy at every level to ensure their own dominance in the Middle East. A quick look at the Bush Administration cabinet reveals how many of them were Israeli dual citizens, Paul Wolfowitz, Richard Pearl etc., and sure enough they had a hostile foreign policy towards nations in the Middle East. In addition really, how the fuck can anyone compare Canada and Israel, Canadians are peaceful, and Israelis, are well, from what I can tell for the most part some of the most racist people on Earth. In Israel, racism is institutional, its taught to  Israeli children in their apartheid education system, children are taught from a young age that Palestinians are subhuman. Canadians hate American warmongering in the Middle East, Israeli's encourage it at every opportunity, and Zionist American politicians quite literally bankroll politicians that they know will vote in favor of US military intervention in the Middle East to strengthen Israel's interests in the region, which consist mostly of destabilizing the region. Also not for nothing, Jewish people make up just 2% of the United States population and 10% of the US Senate, an over representation in the Senate compared to their percentage of US population, a ratio that hasn't been replicated by any other minority in America. 

http://www.politico.com/politico44/2013/11/aipac-urges-new-iran-sanctions-178352.html

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/09/14/aipac-syria_n_3923483.html

http://972mag.com/blame-israel-and-aipac-for-a-u-s-war-in-iran/48652/

http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/1.546315

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jews_and_politics_in_the_United_States

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Jewish_American_politicians

http://www.ronpaulforums.com/showthread.php?377478-List-of-Politicians-with-Israeli-Dual-Citizenship 




 /u/nesckthe44 and /u/rosinthebow are paid JIDF shills by the Israeli government, a quick glance at their post history proves as such. Palestine has no such organization as they absolutely do not have the resources and are more worried trying to get building supplies, food, water, and vital medicine into Gaza through the Israeli blockade. 

http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2013/08/14/israel-students-social-media/2651715/

http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2013/08/14/israel-pay-students-propaganda_n_3755782.html

http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/students-offered-grants-if-they-tweet-proisraeli-propaganda-8760142.html 




 Palestine belongs to the Arabs in the same sense that England belongs to the English or France to the French. It is wrong and inhuman to impose the Jews on the Arabs... Surely it would be a crime against humanity to reduce the proud Arabs so that Palestine can be restored to the Jews partly or wholly as their national home


 Mahatma Gandhi 




 Ad hominem attack much ?  




 Why don't you go have a circlejerk about my account in /r/conspiratard then, you do regularly comment there after all. /r/conspiratard is infested with JIDF scum, which I suppose is the reason you're so at home there. 

Say what you want to about my account, but at least I am not being given college credit or paid by some shady Pro-Israel PR firm to espouse my beliefs on the occupation of East Jerusalem, the West Bank and Gaza. I am doing this 100% free, someone has to give the impoverished Palestinians some Internet representation. Besides I don't like to make it to easy for you JIDF shills to collect your collegiate credit or shekels or whatever the hell they pay you guys with. 

As always, Free Palestine. That is all.  




 You jest, but those types of comments are exactly what cause posts like mine to be removed. If you were being sarcastic then you should have marked /s after your comment. How is anyone supposed to know you're joking, but then the entire post gets removed because of your complacency. The majority of the time that Jewish people make racist jokes on Reddit about themselves they don't identify themselves as being part of the tribe, and the entire post subsequently is removed. In addition, judging by the content that I post about Israel, one could easily understand how a sympathizer of Israel is pleased with the end result my post critical of Israel being removed. Every time you make a racist joke about Jewish without self identifying as a Jewish person I will report your comment, because by not commenting sarcastically you're painting all critics of Israel and the people that have upvoted my post as racist, anti-semites. Please try to pay attention or I will report your post for racism, indicate your sarcasm with an /s or identify as Jewish person, if you don't you make us look bad, which I imagine would align with your interests quite nicely.  




 I did not post this article to promote anti-semitic tropes sir. I'd encourage you not to engage in any racism on this thread as I do not condone racism in any way shape or form and shame on you for so blatantly lowering the level of discourse on this thread. I don't comment often, I'm more of a poster but I will not tolerate my posts becoming a forum for minority bashing. I am Indian, and there are as many Indian people in New York City and comparable numbers of Indian people in New York state as there are Jewish people, are you going to make some sort of taxi driver/curry joke about New York now ? What nonsense. I am reporting your comment, and will continue to do so in the future where I see fit. Take your hatred to a more close-minded sub. 

No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin, or his background, or his religion. People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love, for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite. 
 Nelson Mandela, Long Walk to Freedom 




 He said without a hint or irony.  




 James Corbett is an incomparable source of information, he is truly the antidote for Alex Jones. 

If Corbett had as many listeners as Jones and effectively became the representative for all things conspiracy, a position currently held by controlled opposition Jones, we would actually be taken seriously by people. Alex Jones has done an immeasurable amount of damage to conspiracy theorists with his ranting and raving. The mainstream media is comfortable with this paradigm, because juxtaposed to Jones they look like sane arbiters of information. What they don't want is Corbett sitting there with Anderson Cooper, professionally citing his claims in calm reasonable fashion, because that might lend us some credence. 

TL;DR ? 

If everyone who listened to Alex Jones apocalyptic sermons of gloom and doom stopped listening to Alex "never mention Zionism" Jones would subscribe to the Corbett Report, the world would be a better place.  




 Geez this guy sounds like he's the red cloak wearing ritual master in the party scene from Eyes Wide Shut too. 




 A history of false flag attacks used to manipulate the minds of the people! In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations, and epochs it is the rule.


 Friedrich Nietzsche 




 Unfuckingquestionably. 

What the fuck has anyone on this sub done to actually take a stand against their government ? None of us can even imagine being tried and found guilty of High Treason and swiftly handed a life sentence fighting simply for some semblance of an egalitarian society. I bet the majority of the people on this sub have never even attended a protest before and probably couldn't wait to shit on the Occupy protesters on websites like Reddit during those protests cause I mean fuck them right for actually doing something. 

Honestly this a serious question, how white is OP ? 

I've heard people accuse this sub of White Pride b4, but this is a seriously fucking piece of shit post. At least let the man's corpse get cold before u begin inevitably tearing him down.  

He spent 27 years in prison for the possibility that what he was doing would end the apartheid and oppression he watched his parents endure,  sorry if that doesn't impress the keyboard warriors of /r/conspiracy.  Clearly we are the real heroes /s. 

Something about the struggle of breaking free from apartheid and oppression stemming from colonial occupation must not resonate with OP. Probably difficult for most /r/conspiracy subscribers to empathize with an African, former political prisoner turned politician.

I'm not someone who comes here to accuse this sub of racism or anti semitism,  those are usually all bullshit cheap shots taken by shills and trolls.  This post however wreaks of racial undertones,  I'm neither white, black, nor African, I'm Indian living in America so Inc completely neutral here and this post does not sit right with me it just doesn't.  

TL;DR ? 

Yes Mandela is a hero, deal with it. He was no saint, his 2nd wife was a corrupt,  violent woman that would have ultimately tarnished his legacy had he not controversially divorced her and remarried a 3rd time. He kept close ties with controversial African dictators,  and I'm sure he had some skeletons in his closet as well, but a hero he remains none the less.  




 Just when you think Cheney couldn't find a way to be more of a dick.  




 Overcoming poverty is not a task of charity, it is an act of justice. Like Slavery and Apartheid, poverty is not natural. It is man-made and it can be overcome and eradicated by the actions of human beings. Sometimes it falls on a generation to be great. YOU can be that great generation. Let your greatness blossom. 

 Nelson Mandela 




 It is well enough that people of the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system, for if they did, I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning. 

 Henry Ford 




 Who made this meme ? Jesse Pinkman ?  




 Meet Noam Chomsky:Academic Gatekeeper.  

Noam Chomsky is on the forefront of an establishment co-opted academia. Chomsky for all his seemingly benevolent bespectacled insights about the state of politics in America propagates the 9/11 official story word for word when asked, and is also a proponent of the Federal Reserve System. Websites like Resdit and Democraticunderground prop him up as some sort of Dumbledore of the Internet, but don't be fooled by his faux establishment outrage. Chomsky is an academic gatekeeper and is a powerful form of controlled opposition for the elite.  James Corbett did a podcast about Mr. Chomsky exposing him as the mouthpiece for the elite that he truly is which I have linked to at the end of this comment. 

http://www.corbettreport.com/meet-noam-chomsky-academic-gatekeeper-video/ 




 James Corbett just did an amazing podcast of the Corbett Report about this very man called, Meet Noam Chomsky: Academic Gatekeeper. In the podcast Corbett asserts that Chomsky is on the forefront of an establishment co-opted academia that increasingly espouses the beliefs and talking points of a government moving in greater lock step with the military industrial, big oil, central banker operated oligopoly. The podcast analyzes how academia has gradually shifted to become more conservative in the wake of the Vietnam war, and the public relations disaster that ensued on college campuses across the United States in protest of US intervention, which was partially organized by academics that had moral codes. If you don't have time to listen to the podcast which I am linking to at the bottom  this comment, it goes into several other establishment-friendly opinions that Chomsky has supported in the past. Spoiler alert, it turns out that Mr. Chomsky has previously stated that he has no opinion about the Federal Reserve either, he also manages to do some good shill work for fiat currency, he's a real piece of work. I wish so many otherwise rational people wouldn't be so easily hooked in by has anti-Bush rhetoric and soft-spoken, bespectacled persona he has carved out for himself on websites like Reddit or Democraticunderground. At the end of the day Chomsky has nothing truly controversial or groundbreaking to offer the world political discourse, he is a co-opted academic gatekeeper, who does his best to reinforce the false right-left paradigm that plagues this nation so. In addition, I can't recommend the Corbett Report podcast enough to the subscribers of /r/conspiracy. 

http://www.corbettreport.com/episode-285-meet-noam-chomsky-academic-gatekeeper/
 




 The JIDF is strong in /r/bestof.  




 What a piece of shit comment, go fuck yourself you Zionist troll.   




 It's never quite enough for the Chosen People, is it ? 




 Please take your phony right-left paradigm to /r/politics. Who's upvoting this shit ? Honestly it makes me feel bad about the state of this subreddit.  




 The moderators of this subreddit are reprehensible,  by limiting the variety of political analysis they, in 1 fell swoop increased the echo chamber effect in /r/politics exponentially and in effect irreparably damaged this subreddit.  




 
All censorships exist to prevent anyone from challenging current conceptions and existing institutions. All progress is initiated by challenging current conceptions, and executed by supplanting existing institutions. Consequently, the first condition of progress is the removal of censorship.


 George Bernard Shaw, Mrs. Warren's Profession 




 "All censorships exist to prevent anyone from challenging current conceptions and existing institutions. All progress is initiated by challenging current conceptions, and executed by supplanting existing institutions. Consequently, the first condition of progress is the removal of censorship."

George Bernard Shaw  




 Thanks for chiming in Alex Jones.  




 Except

" The hawkish legislation, which essentially hands the president the full-force of the U.S. military if negotiations fail, comes just one week before Tehran sits down with six major powers in Geneva to discuss its nuclear program. For some foreign policy observers on the Hill, it threatens to spoil the already-delicate negotiations."  




 Thanks OP, no doubt this will be a TL;DR for many people thereby making your title that much more poignant. This post and like minded ones should be plastered across the top of /r/conspiracy in perpetuity.  




 Quite possibly the most powerful tweet ever.  




 Hello Mr. Greenwald, I wanted to know your opinion on the Guardian newspapers recent interview with legendary, muckraking journalist Seymour Hersh, and Mr. Hersh's offhandedly mentioning that in his opinion the Osama Bin Laden raid was, in his words "one big lie". What are your thoughts on the Osama Bin Laden raid, do you agree with Mr. Hersh ?  




 Hello Mr. Greenwald, first and foremost thank you for all of the incredible journalism over the last few months and over the course of your career. My question is in reference to the MARINA revelations, do you believe that the US government is actively using data gathered via the MARINA program to create a list of Americans considered, for lack of a better term as "undesirables", and based on that classification thereby likely to be targeted by the US government's various agencies for a higher level of scrutiny, such as the  IRS or the Department of Homeland Security ? I know it's quite a leap, and a journalist such as yourself doesn't make claims he isn't prepared to immediately back up with evidence, but I'm asking for purely your opinion and I would like to make that clear, any answer I receive from you will be regarded purely as speculation, unless you say otherwise at the beginning of your response.   




 The JIDF is strong in this one.  




 Keanu Reeves will forever be the One, Neo.  




 Just keep shoveling that shit shill.  




 u/BlackSwanX and this post serve as a testament to what is wrong with this subreddit.  




 October 1st is the end of the Fiscal Year, by the way, so the military rushes to expend whatever it has left on its budget before October 1st 2014 or the remaining balance may be deducted from next year's military budget, which is something that the Pentagon and the military industrial complex can not allow to happen. This is the reason that you see a lot of military drills and military activity in September, and the reason that you keep seeing the date October 1st over and over again is because it is the end of the Fiscal year, god this is such a stupid post, I honestly can't recall the last time I saw such transparent bullshit atop /r/conspiracy. This post is so stupid it makes my head hurt.  




 This was either posted by an idiot or a shill to discredit this sub, either way this is a terrible post and as someone who is India I wish we didn't gravitate towards the whole ancient alien/vimanas shit. The entire ancient alien theory is reprehensible for so many reasons, and it really drags down this subreddit. I mean, in this day and age with quantitative easing from the Federal Reserve, billion dollar bailouts for broke banks that are "Too big to fail", and an American war machine on overdrive looking for any possible reason to bomb a country with brown people and their own ideas on the banking system and this is what is getting to the top of the page, a bullshit post about ancient aliens with ZERO evidence. Why don't you try something more tangible, more realistic, MORE TERRESTRIAL. Seriously go fuck yourself if you upvoted this, because you sully the term "conspiracy theorist".  




 Freedom of the Press,
if it means anything at all,
means the freedom
to criticize and oppose 

 George Orwell 




 A history of false flag attacks used to manipulate the minds of the people! In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations, and epochs it is the rule.

 Friedrich Nietzsche 




 There will come a time when it isn't 'They're spying on me through my phone' anymore. Eventually, it will be 'My phone is spying on me'. 

 Philip K. Dick 




 For the powerful, crimes are those that others commit. 

 Noam Chomsky, Imperial Ambitions: Conversations on the Post-9/11 World 




 For the powerful, crimes are those that others commit. 

 Noam Chomsky, Imperial Ambitions: Conversations on the Post-9/11 World 




 I want to learn how to play the theme song from Breaking Bad on an acoustic guitar so bad. 

How is it that you hear a theme song for a television show, think nothing of it and 5 years later it's used in such an amazing fashion that you really can't get it out of your head at all ? 

I'm gonna have that twang stuck in my head all week and think of Walt's empty chair and what's to come next week.  




 "redditor for 9 days"

Well there is that, and the fact that Israel pays college students to tweet pro Israel propaganda   wage online comment thread battles for Israel.

http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/students-offered-grants-if-they-tweet-proisraeli-propaganda-8760142.html

http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/blogs-news-from-elsewhere-23695896

Based on that, my JIDF detector is going through the roof, so I suppose the answer to your question is Yes, I think it's possible that you could work for the JIDF.  




 Listen 869689698 as an /r/Judaism subscriber, Jewish person and ardent supporter of Israel I think any comments submitted on this topic on your behalf should be taken with a gigantic chunk of rock salt. You'll excuse me for not suspecting you of being JIDF, y'know based on your comment history, less than 2% of the US is Jewish, and yet all of you seem to be on Reddit, and very opinionated on Reddit at that.  




 "redditor for 4 days"

Substantial amount of overall comments are on articles about Israel and posting comments favorable for Zionism, must be JIDF then  




 "redditor for 4 days"

The JIDF is strong in this one.  




 Yea but they are in the minority and even then they do nothing to illuminate other Jewish people as to the problems caused by Zionism, passive or aggressive. It's just to much of an inconvenience for them because they become Black sheep in the Jewish community, personally I can't recall an instance of a Jewish person in the public arena calling Israel out on their apartheid and ethnic cleansing. With all of the famous liberal Jewish actors, comedians and television personalities you'd think at least 1 would come out against Israel. 




 Thanks for the insight JIDF shill, every other comment in your comment history is about how Zionists are amazing, and should just take over the entire Middle East, so you'll  excuse me for not readily believing the propaganda you're being paid to disseminate.

I do have a couple of questions for you, how much are they paying you ? 

What's the average worthless shill of a human being whoring themselves out for these days ? 

Do you get paid by AIPAC directly ? 
 




 "His car was found the next day at an antiques mall next to the Susquehanna River, and his county-issued laptop and hard drive were found months later in the river." 




 Reasonably prepared, I always have at least 7 days worth of chronic on me to ride out the initial storm.  




 It's never enough for Israel, is it ? Defend your own fucking military occupation ! I don't want the apartheid and ethnic cleansing in Palestine to be an Uncle Sam joint. BTW you'd think 65 years of substantial foreign aid and military aid would be enough for the Chosen People, but NOOO !!!! It's never enough for Israel.  




 This is 1 of the most fucked up statistics in politics, 1.7% of the population and 13%	of the Senate, unbefuckinglievable. ZOG (Zionist Owned Government) is in full effect.  




 We had to struggle with the old enemies of peacebusiness and financial monopoly, speculation, reckless banking, class antagonism, sectionalism, war profiteering.

They had begun to consider the Government of the United States as a mere appendage to their own affairs. We know now that Government by organized money is just as dangerous as Government by organized mob.

Never before in all our history have these forces been so united against one candidate as they stand today. They are unanimous in their hate for meand I welcome their hatred. 

  Franklin D. Roosevelt

(Obama has yet to make a speech declaring the equivalent, I'm no fan of FDR but the man nudged us in the right direction, Banking Act of 1933, Glass-Steagall, where's the financial reform you promised Mr. President ? Dodd-Frank ? Gimme a fucking break.)  




 Fascism should more appropriately be called Corporatism because it is a merger of state and corporate power 
 
   Benito Mussolini 




 BTW I'm pretty sure that the real reason ole' Woodrow is on the $1,000 bill is because when the engineered collapse of the Petrodollar takes place we'll be using stacks of $1,000 bills to buy bread like post WW1 Germany and the Rothschilds want us to remember who fucked us over a century ago.  




 FUCK Woodrow Wilson, peace of shit  ruined the entire country, BTW everyone, he was talking about the handful of Jewish families that own the Federal Reserve, the Rothschilds, the Warburgs, the Lazards etc. when he was referring to the power you can't criticize, good luck trying to convince everyone a small group of Jewish people control the entire monetary system.  




 I'm just sorry it took this near miss with Syria for people on this sub to realize who the real enemy is.  




 I know, worst yet I posted this to /r/news and it was predictably buried and ignored amid other news articles that all appeared to beating the war drums, and loudly.  




 It would be my greatest sadness to see Zionists (Jews) do to Palestinian Arabs much of what Nazis did to Jews. 
 
 Albert Einstein 




 Palestine belongs to the Arabs in the same sense that England belongs to the English or France to the French. It is wrong and inhuman to impose the Jews on the Arabs... Surely it would be a crime against humanity to reduce the proud Arabs so that Palestine can be restored to the Jews partly or wholly as their national home 

 Mahatma Gandhi 




 Poverty is the worst form of violence. 
 
 Mahatma Gandhi 




 No matter how big the lie; repeat it often enough and the masses will regard it as the truth. 
 
 John F. Kennedy 




 Jeez, no wonder they won't just go back to Poland, Hungary, Russia and Germany, as Helen Thomas implied in her now controversial video, Hungary expelled them in 1349   then again in 1360 and 4 times in total. The other countries of Eastern Europe are all featured here as well, this is what I've always contended about the Jewish people, either entire regions of Earth are hateful bigots, or Jewish people have a problem taking advantage of society. How could this many people be bigots in this many instances over the course of nearly 1800 years ? It's a completely ridiculous notion. There's no way that many groups of people over the course of nearly 1800 years have come together as a society and decided that the best course of action for the future of that society would be to expel a segment of the population that tends to find employment in the finance sector, and soon without fail become the wealthiest members of that society and use their new found wealth to subvert that societies laws by making the ruling class, nobility or government indebted to them. It's called a cycle and cycles repeat themselves, in 1939 Hitler sent 937 Jewish refugees to America on the MS St. Louis and America did not except them so there's that as well. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MS_St._Louis#Voyage_of_the_Damned 




 The tragedy of the poor is that they can afford nothing but self denial. 

 Oscar Wilde 




 The term "Jewish Human Rights Group" is ironic if not an oxymoron entirely.  




 I know, it's tragic, especially when you consider what a model human being Roger Waters is in almost every aspect of life. If these Jewish people who are professional victims successfully change the public opinion, whatever the hell that is, of Roger Waters it'll prove that up is down, black is white, and that Jewish people are able to hijack the narrative of any discussion to reduce to its semantics, like calling Roger Waters a racist, anti-Semite for calling them out on their engineered humanitarian disaster in old Palestine.  




 It really doesn't take a genius to figure out why, just google The New York Times Company and you'll see it's owned by the Sulzbergers and its so no secret the Sulzbergers have donated more than a few shekels to AIPAC   Israel over the years. 




 It's called a link.  




 Not to mention Lloyd Blankfein at Goldman Sachs, I'm pretty much certain Goldman Sachs of all financial firms is only allowed to hire Jewish people to top positions, it's so explicit in the name that only Jewish people can make it there to positions of power.  




 All I'm going to say is that I've never even heard of a poor Jewish person, they are all rich, in the Philadelphia area where I reside, the most affluent townships and neighborhoods in Philadelphia are entirely Jewish. I really have never heard of a Jewish person being even lower middle-class, it just doesn't happen. There are to many other Jewish people in high places, especially Ashkenazi Jewish people to allow a fellow tribe member to struggle in any way. It's pretty much racism to the umpteenth degree, Jewish people only hire and promote other Jewish people. Perfect example David Stern is the NBA commissioner and his replacement, whom he handpicked is the Deputy NBA commissioner Adam Silver, Adam Silver will be the 5th NBA commissioner in the NBA's history and the 3rd Jewish person to hold the position. Mind you there have only ever been approximately 40 Jewish people to ever play in the NBA in it's history. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Jews_in_sports#Basketball

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adam_Silver 




 Who's upvoting this shit ?

It can't all be shills and trolls, how many idiots are on r/conspiracy ? 

Is the spike in subscribers manifesting itself in these nonsensical posts making it to the top of the page and then remaining there suspended in mediocrity ?  




 The conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element in democratic society. Those who manipulate this unseen mechanism of society constitute an invisible government which is the true ruling power of our country. ...We are governed, our minds are molded, our tastes formed, our ideas suggested, largely by men we have never heard of. This is a logical result of the way in which our democratic society is organized. Vast numbers of human beings must cooperate in this manner if they are to live together as a smoothly functioning society. ...In almost every act of our daily lives, whether in the sphere of politics or business, in our social conduct or our ethical thinking, we are dominated by the relatively small number of persons...who understand the mental processes and social patterns of the masses. It is they who pull the wires which control the public mind. 

  Edward L. Bernays, Propaganda 




 I will be satisfied if the federation of secret law, unequal pardon and irresistible executive powers that rule the world that I love are revealed even for an instant.

 - Edward Snowden, from the original interview he gave to Glenn Greenwald  




 Honest to god nothing makes me lose as much respect for this sub as anything alien/reptilian related, it humiliates to me see this nearly at the top of the page and know that I am so heavily entrenched in and associated with this subreddit. With so much shit happening TERRESTRIALLY that we are aware of such as false flags and privately owned banking cartels operating as central banks for nations, dubious r/conspiracy users try to derail that very real discussion by flooding this sub with the paranormal, why not post ghost videos while we're at it. Now I'm not saying that my theories are better than your theories, but my theories are better than your theories and the alien topic drags down the level of discourse on this sub to the level of a teenager with an active YouTube account and a subscription to the Coast to Coast channel.  




 The worlds largest gold mining company Barrick Gold is also owned by a Jewish person, Peter Munk, a Hungarian born billionaire so it's not just the mass media, banking and Hollywood.  




 Fine, Newhouse owns Advanced Publication which owns Reddit, there are you happy now anymore attacks you wanna throw at me ? 
 




 People shouldn't expect the mass media to do investigative stories. That job belongs to the 'fringe' media.

 - Ted Koppel 
 




 How funny would it be if it was just Bill Burr driving people back to the Boston area and swinging by and like seeing his family or something cause he was back in the area ?  




 Zionists own the biggest media corporations, Sumner Redstone   Les Moonves own CBS. The Roberts family owns Comcast which owns 51% of NBC and they are also Jewish. The Sulzbergers own The New York Times Company, Bob Iger owns the Walt Disney Corporation. Then you have the Newhouses who own Conde Nast which owns Reddit, The New Yorker and Vanity Fair just to name a few. Look I'm on my phone so I'm not digging up the links and those are just the Zionists who own media corporations that I can think of just off the top of my head, good luck getting any of them to report it. Alex Jones is even terrified to mention Israel, he blames all of the turmoil in the Syria squarely on powerful Shiite Muslims in Saudi Arabia, Quatar, and Turkey, it's pathetic. Oh yea and there's Sirius XM which is also an entirely Jewish operation founded by someone named Rothblatt and the current President   CCO is Scott Greenstein, it goes so deep its blatantly obvious that Americas mass media is owned by Zionist Jewish people, even Reddit.  




 Gonna get downvoted for saying this but here goes, the alien stuff is bullshit. The alien/reptilian stuff is a gigantic circle jerk and its a powerful tool to discredit more serious minded conspiracy theorists by proxy. The government, the banks, the mainstream media, the military industrial complex and academia love it that someone like Peter Joseph is on par with David Icke or other well known conspiracy theorists that are nothing more than well publicized crackpots. I'm not sure if David Icke is a complicit troll, engaging in the most elaborate PsyOp in recent memory or he's unwittingly done the most damage to the conspiracy theor movement. Either way David Icke or aliens in general shouldn't be the immediate response in peoples minds to conspiracy theories.  




 Israel is the only other foreign government they are sharing American citizens data with. While the NSA is sharing this information with other defense agencies most notably the DEA, Israel is the only foreign government with unfettered access to US citizens data.  




 I agree this is 1 of the best articles I've read analyzing the situation in the Middle East over the last dozen years from a semi well known media establishment. I don't even know how it was allowed to be published; it seems loaded with language rife for Larry Summers' attorneys to be able to lay waste to in court. I imagine there is no shortage of judges licking at the chops to rule in favor of Summers' in a libel case; it's a shame, he's a powerful man. However more power to Alternet for publishing this, this is a REAL analysis of the Middle East turmoil of the last dozen years. 

cui bono - 
Latin.
for whose benefit? 




 It is said that no one truly knows a nation until one has been inside its jails. A nation should not be judged by how it treats its highest citizens, but its lowest ones. 
 Nelson Mandela 




 Well I found it on goodreads.com, which is NOT a conspiracy website, it's a legit quote, so deal with it. 

http://www.goodreads.com/quotes/701079-a-history-of-false-flag-attacks-used-to-manipulate-the 




 A history of false flag attacks used to manipulate the minds of the people! In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations, and epochs it is the rule.


 Friedrich Nietzsche 




 Rogan was just talking about this on the podcast.  




 I bet Glenn Beck would agree with the average Israeli's aspirations on  intervention in Syria. Send in the US   Europe's military, send the bill to the already besieged US   EU taxpayer, while they sit back, counting their shekels and dreaming of pristine condominiums in present day western Syria.   




 "A history of false flag attacks used to manipulate the minds of the people! In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations, and epochs it is the rule.


 Friedrich Nietzsche 




 " A history of false flag attacks used to manipulate the minds of the people! In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations, and epochs it is the rule.


 Friedrich Nietzsche 




 India would not be on the side of the US Allies, it would either be on Russia's side or most likely neutral. Delhi is a long time ally of Moscow, and Russia has a history of selling India weapons. During the Sino-Indian war in 1962 between India and China, Russia supported India and America remained neutral just to give 1 example of many. Trust me, India would remain neutral until Russia and China had their backs against the wall and then when the time comes they would have to throw in with Russia and China. This map is incredibly lopsided towards favoring America, even Venezuela is listed as a US ally, I don't think OP has ever heard of Hugo Chavez. America already has a technological advantage, that we're sure of, so why skew the map unnecessarily in the US' favor ? 

Source : Indian person living in America 




 The use of depleted uranium by the United States, Israel and the UK is without a doubt a crime against humanity and it doesn't get nearly enough attention. No one else uses it, just those 3 countries. Say what you want to about Russia and Syria, they don't use depleted uranium rounds, which BTW were only ever justified by the US to the UN in the 1st place specifically to pierce Soviet tanks to spray Iraqi   Afghan civilians with 50 caliber rounds who BTW are not in Soviet tanks.  




 Why not just go ahead and rename the sub /r/ZionistOwnedNews ?  




 This guy is a Mod, THIS GUY ! 

For shame /r/conspiracy. For shame ! 

I don't comment often, but when I do its to point out the bullshit on /r/conspiracy.  




 He who joyfully marches to music rank and file has already earned my contempt. He has been given a large brain by mistake, since for him the spinal cord would surely suffice. 
 Albert Einstein 




 It has to be on /r/conspiracy because for some reason everything Israel-related ends up getting taken down by /r/news and /r/worldnews because the comment threads get overrun by JIDF shills commenting antisemitic rhetoric to paint all critics of Israel as ravenous antisemitic, racists and nothing else. Also /r/news mods have shown a pretty transparent pro Israel bias in the past, even though its a fact it has to be relegated to /r/conspiracy to make sure it will remain posted, it's sad that JIDF's disinfo is so well implemented on Reddit. By being on /r/conspiracy this issue will be disregarded by most as something to the effect of an old rock star off his rocker. Waters stance will be twisted, misrepresented and mislabeled until this whole brave boycott is rendered to a footnote on his otherwise decorated Wikipedia page, under the "Late Career Controversies" section.  




 " I spent 33 years and four months in active military service and during that period I spent most of my time as a high class muscle man for Big Business, for Wall Street and the bankers. In short, I was a racketeer, a gangster for capitalism. I helped make Mexico and especially Tampico safe for American oil interests in 1914. I helped make Haiti and Cuba a decent place for the National City Bank boys to collect revenues in. I helped in the raping of half a dozen Central American republics for the benefit of Wall Street. I helped purify Nicaragua for the International Banking House of Brown Brothers in 1902-1912. I brought light to the Dominican Republic for the American sugar interests in 1916. I helped make Honduras right for the American fruit companies in 1903. In China in 1927 I helped see to it that Standard Oil went on its way unmolested. Looking back on it, I might have given Al Capone a few hints. The best he could do was to operate his racket in three districts. I operated on three continents. 
 Smedley D. Butler, War is a Racket: The Antiwar Classic by America's Most Decorated Soldier 




 See this comment, that I am replying to r/conspiracy, hope it's not a shill account, but THAT is the problem.  

Explain to me again, what freedoms did I gain from the gigantic clusterfuck that is the War on Terror ? 

The freedom to pay $3.60 a gallon for regular and spend $55 filling my fucking golf cart. 




 One of the hardest parts of my job is to connect Iraq to the war on terror.  

 George W. Bush 




 "The only security of all is in a free press. 
 Thomas Jefferson 




 "The conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element in democratic society. Those who manipulate this unseen mechanism of society constitute an invisible government which is the true ruling power of our country. ...We are governed, our minds are molded, our tastes formed, our ideas suggested, largely by men we have never heard of. This is a logical result of the way in which our democratic society is organized. Vast numbers of human beings must cooperate in this manner if they are to live together as a smoothly functioning society. ...In almost every act of our daily lives, whether in the sphere of politics or business, in our social conduct or our ethical thinking, we are dominated by the relatively small number of persons...who understand the mental processes and social patterns of the masses. It is they who pull the wires which control the public mind. 
 Edward L. Bernays, Propaganda 




 Hmm, everytime I look up someone with Stein in their last name in Congress is attacking constitutional rights, Sunstein, Feinstein, etc.  




 Wag the Dog, considering the fact that it came out just a few years before 9/11.  




 Throw in a Star of David in light blue alongside the stars and stripes and then you'd have something there. 
 




 Click on the link and read it, dickhead. 
 




 I wouldn't be surprised by that. The same statistic is probably true for Egypt and Iraq and elsewhere we contribute massively to.  

Do me a favor. Find the statistics for Egypt and Iraq also. Or other high end donation locations. Let's compare. Because I am seriously doubting is the only place for such things. 

 Or maybe it would be better not to call people children for thinking differently. Yea, that seems like the more commendable thing to do.

1. Afghanistan
2. Israel
3. Iraq
4. Egypt

So there goes your "serious doubt". Israel received more aid than anyone from 1976-2002, and Afghanistan and Iraq only entered in 2002, when we began making in your words "massive contributions" to Iraq and Afghanistan in the form of aerial assaults and carpet bombing cities. The only countries that get more than Israel are ones with ongoing wars with the US, last year the average Afghan earned approximately $430 in US Foreign aid and the average Israeli earned $405 in US Foreign aid, so its still pretty close.  

Also bravo for taking such a courageous militant pro Israel stance I bet that must've been really hard for you to do being a white, Christian man in America. Tell me did you face any harassment or career issues being staunchly pro Israel. It must've been really controversial I mean. 

 Or maybe it would be better not to call people children for thinking differently.

Gimme a fucking break kid this is r/conspiracy if that's the brave insight you arrived at is that Israel is great and all Arabs are crazy then you just failed, unsubscribe and spend more time on r/Christianity, you'll find all the Palestine bashers there queued up for
 you.  

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_foreign_aid#Recipients

 




 Fuck that kid, if I didn't have work in 6 hours I'd really have debated him down to self admitted defeat. I kept checking on my post on my phone on the RedditisFun app. They should change the name of that app to RedditisAllConsuming.  




 Here child, cry about the following damning statistic from this article:

"US taxpayers contributed more to the Israeli Defense Forces last year than Israeli citizens have cumulatively in the last 3 year."

So as you can see it is no understatement to say that Israel's army is bought and paid for by the US taxpayer. This article is from Business Insider so I hope it passes your Zionist approved news establishment criteria.

http://www.businessinsider.com/heres-how-much-america-really-spends-on-israels-defense-2012-9 




 Are you stupid ?

Or are you honestly implying that the Israeli	 government spends 100% of its Gross Domestic Product on defense and nothing else They don't have roads or hospitals or schools there to manage ?  Or do you just not understand these acronyms, I knew I made the mistake of engaging a know-it-all, Jesus freak kid but had I known you were just an idiot this whole time I would've ignored you, oh well lesson learnes.

Largest recipient yes. What does that have to do with the fact that it's gdp far exceeds US aid.

Yes 1 number is larger than the other 1, good insight kid.  




 Illegal occupation? That's a made up term. 

Unlike you, I don't give a fuck. I don't have preferences. 

1. I'll admit that illegal occupation is a made up term when you admit "Jewish" is a made up ethnicity, they are rich white people with big noses, who exploit laws against discrimination and turned themselves into a new group of people post               Holocaust.  The Palestinians are a hell of a lot more Semitic than all of the Ashkenazi Jews running Israel, and an Israeli population geneticist from Johns Hopkins came to that conclusion. Jewish people are Khazars or	Asiatics, and the fact that they get treated like they are an oppressed minority in America is laughable. It's amazing before World War II it was considered racist to refer to Jewish as an ethnicity instead of a religion which had been it's designation for millennia. All of a sudden in the early 1950's America discovers a new ethnic group, the mysterious Jewish people, absolute bullshit, now it's considered racist to refer to Jewish people as Caucasian.

2. For someone who purportedly doesn't give a fuck you've been doing a lot of shilling and distribution of disinformation on this thread. So then why the angry fingers there keyboard warrior ? What is the JIDF giving the most annoying shill an Applebees giftcard as a bonus this month or something ?



 




 You're a religious person, so in the words of Voltaire if we believe in absurdities we will commit atrocities. You are the 1 who brought up the Torah's justification for the state of Israel and it's no secret that there are enough crazy, Bible thumping Christians in America who support Israel specifically because it is believed Jesus will be resurrected in Jerusalem. So you're allowing your own religious beliefs and you are an ardent Christian and subscriber to r/Christianity, to influence your opinion on the illegal occupation of Palestine, which is foolish to say the least or dare I say it even asshatish to use your term. So like just how crazy religious are you ? I mean you believe in a 2nd coming of Christ so you're definete at least a little impartial and thereby less credible, if everyone is aware that you are really only supporting Israel out of fear and self interest that you won't meet your Space Jesus than it sort of makes your support illegitimate or at least disingenuous. So are you going to deny your level of religiosity now too right here in front of r/conspiracy, and remember, GOD IS WATCHING !  




 Why don't you use more ancient scriptures that were written in a language you can't even speak yourself to decide more pressing geopolitical issues, tell me what does the Torah say about Rwanda, what does the Bible say we should to address rising sea levels ? You see how much of an idiot you sound like when you use the Torah, a book written thousands of years ago by desert dwelling nomads to justify a modern day apartheid and ethnic cleansing. Hey by the way while you are at it what does the Bible say we should do about nuclear Pakistan ? This is r/conspiracy leave your bullshit Christian ideology where it belongs, in r/Christianity.  




 How many more lies will you spout on this thread for Israel ?

" Israel is the largest cumulative recipient of military assistance from the United States since World War II, followed by Afghanistan, Iraq, Egypt, and Pakistan.[22]
Since 1987, the U.S. has provided an average of $1.8 billion annually in the form of Foreign Military Sales (FMS), Foreign Military Financing (FMF) and funds to support research and development.[2]A bilateral memorandum of understanding was signed in January 2001, at the end of the Clinton administration, under which defense aid was increased to $2.4 billion annually from $1.8 billion, while the $1.2 billion of economic aid would be eliminated. This was predicated on the basis of the defense aid being increased by $60 million per year until the full amount was reached in 2008, while the economic aid is decreased by $120 million per year until eliminated.[3][23] In 2007, the United States increased its military aid to Israel by over 25%, to an average of $3 billion per year for the following ten-year period (starting at $2.550 billion for 2008, growing by $150 million each year).[24] The package started in October 2008, when regular economic aid to Israel's economy ended.[25] Officials have insisted the aid is not tied, or meant to balance, simultaneous American plans to sell $20 billion worth of sophisticated arms to its Arab allies in the region, including Egypt and Saudi Arabia.[25] Former U.S. President George W. Bush assured Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert that the U.S. would help keep a "qualitative advantage" to Israel over other nations in the region.[24]
The United States is the largest single supplier of military equipment to Israel. According to the U.S. Congressional Research Service, between 1998-2005 the U.S. accounted for the vast majority of Israel's arms transfer agreements, accounting for $9.1 billion out of $9.5 billion worth of agreements.[26]Israel deals directly with U.S. companies for the vast majority of its military purchases from the United States, though it requires permission from the U.S. government for specific purchases. Permission is not always automatic; for instance, in March 2000 it became known that the Israeli government had been refused permission to purchase BGM-109 Tomahawk missiles.[3]
Israel has the world's largest F-16 fleet outside the United States Air Force. With the delivery of 102 F-16Is, scheduled through 2008, the Israeli Air Force will have a total F-16 inventory of 362, in addition to 106 F-15s.[27]

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israel%E2%80%93United_States_military_relations#Military_aid_and_procurement

240 billion is Israel's GDP, you knew I was talking about defense aid from the US specifically but you intentionally took me out of context, classic shill move.

I'm going to sleep now shill, I'm sure I'll return to an Inbox of lies and propaganda in the morning. 




 Why are you bringing in irrelevant points?

Easy there God boy.

 




 All of Israel's technology exists solely because of the American taxpayer, and all of it will be rendered useless in the event of a prolonged mass ground warfare, Israel simply doesn't have the bodies for a prolonged, bloody ground war with Iran and its 75 million united Shia Muslims who are salivating at the notion of war with Israel. Israel is so tiny and densely populated that their civilian casualties would skyrocket in no time, Iran still has enough large swaths of land and friendly neighbors to constantly be staging new strategies and moving large amounts of troops around comfortably and quickly, Israel on the other hand barely has enough space to engage in large military drills without entering Palestine. In a 1 on 1 prolonged war with Iran, Israel always loses. Israel really couldn't hang for a long ground war with many nations, they would end up dragging the United States in, which in turn would  bring in Russia on the other end, so basically we're risking nuclear war for greedy Israel, which you've made abundantly clear that you are all right with, anything for your Space Jesus.  




 YOU are the problem, it's called an ultimatum, 1 side is right and 1 side is wrong, get informed before spouting your nonsensical "We're all 1 species on 1 planet and we have to come together" shit, please spare me. Why don't you go to the Gaza strip and tell those refugees living in destitution and squalor because of Israel's blockades and security, that they all have to come together and to be nicer or something. Go to the Golan Heights where thousands of Bedouin people are living in tents and are about to be further displaced so Israel can build 1200 luxurious settlements and condominiums and tell them to try smiling. Maybe while you're there you can recommend The Secret, oh yeah and definitely be vague, positive, judgmental, ignorant, opinionated and ultimate unhelpful like you were in your last comment on this thread, that was perfect. 




 So what you're saying is that Israel is going to make the United States fight Iran for them, because everyone knows Israel doesn't have it in them to throw down with Iran alone, they lack the manpower, will and national identity and would crumble amidst the 1st real damage to their safe, walled, enclosure-nation, away from the world. AIPAC also lobbied aggressively for the US invasion of Iraq as well as a complicit Zionist owned media misleading  the sheep-like American public along the way. So if it wasn't for Israel getting America to do all of their dirty work for them, that delusional map you linked to really wouldn't be possible now would it ? BTW don't count on a war hungry American public to fight another 1 of Israel's wars for them. Also I take it from your username that you were born in 1991,   yet you speak so casually of mass casualties across the Middle East just so the Israelis can have their blood drenched, biblical land of Israel in all their greedy glory. I bet the toughest thing you've ever done is snipe some Middle Eastern characters on Call of Duty or some other video game, you know nothing of the world. Big talk you've got there, but what's the end game for Israel, what if somehow against all odds Israel managed to achieve the atrocity that is that map, then what, does your space Jesus come back in Jerusalem or something ? No he doesn't. He never does cause it's a fucking fairy tale, how come religious people are unable to comprehend the notion of ALLEGORIES. I'll tell you what will happen though, greedy Israel will continue to expand East into they run into either nuclear Pakistan or nuclear India, take your fucking pick because I bet you in your infinite wisdom which you've accumulated over the course of 22 years as a religious Christian, are also ready to nuke the world so Israel can have a little more land and you increase your likelihood of meeting space Jesus from your fairy tale a little bit more.  




