





































































 1. How is training for a fight with Manny Pacquiao shown to be different then your other fights?

2.  Do you *honestly* plan on retiring at 49-0? Any chance for 50-0?

3.  Who was your toughest opponent to date? 

4. Was there ever a time where you were actually afraid that your opponent may be to much to handle? 

5. Do you think Paquiao lost to Bradley in their first fight? 

Twitter- https://mobile.twitter.com/floydmayweather

Facebook -  https://m.facebook.com/floydmayweather?_rdr 
































































 *twiddles thumbs* 












































 In history,  they never had direct contact to my knowledge. They fought together in the World Wars.  Why did our relationships go sour?  









 This actually happened last year and I can't forget it. I was driving my car to get some food when I hit a stop sign right by the place I wanted to eat. Crossing the street was a man in his mid 20s. He was moving rather slow but he was already to far in front of my car for me to beat him. As he got in front of my car,  he stopped and started looking around slightly but has his head down like he was looking for something. I was patient for about a minute when I came to the conclusion that he must be messing with me. Wrong conclusion.  I decided to honk my horn which startled the man terribly.  The look on his face is burned into my memory.  It was at this moment I realized that this man was mentally handicapped. He was absolutely terrified and ran away!  I felt horrible. I feel horrible.  To this day I remember this story anytime I get frustrated on the road. 


Be patient on the road. It's not worth hurting yourself or others.  




 I purchased Battleship.  You need two people...  Story of my life.




Edit: lol the PM are ridiculous.  You guys are a friendly community!  I kinda meant that no friends available to play...  Hahaha it just hit me that many of you thought I meant absolutely no friends!!  Hah but you guys are super awesome!   




 It made sense.  Now I'm a ichthyophile.  



















 What are the texts I should be studying and knowing that will increase my knowledge and help on my path.  









 Alot of players fall in the draft and still end up being great players others may have gotten.  He is a tall shooter with Dirk potential. His defense isn't horrendous and may spread the floor for Cousins. Being 6'11 and a PF can't hurt.  
























 So I was with this girl for about 2 1/2 years.  Hot girl and really good natured.  VERY TRUSTWORTHY.  I was the flirt.  I was this I was that.  She was just a church girl.  University comes along and girl starts acting different.  I notice she was socializing with some of her coworkers. Told her I wasn't comfortable with it and she said I was over-reacting. I decided 30 different girls is better than 1 girl who is going to play you.  I broke it off, played around and landed a smoking hot girl. 

As for her?  She has been seeing the guy she was "talking"  to for a little while now. Make the right choice.  Not the beta choice.  No pussy is worth losing your cool over...  Ever.  




 So my Gf and I decided to take a spring break trip to go hiking in California about 2 hrs from where I live. We carefully plan the trip as we will leave at 10ish and be there about 12. 
 
So we are driving up to the forest when she tells she wants to check out this small town she used to go to. (check out trinkets and such I guess idk...) I agree and I Google map it.  About 40 min away..  But then I see a couple small roads that look like they cut angles and time off.  And obviously Google maps has no idea WTF it's talking about Ima do *my* shortcut.  Well...  It took us 20 min in and was a dead end... Drive back and go original way.  Gf rolls her eyes pretty hard. 

We leave her trinket town and leave to the forest.  Once again we map it and I see another "brilliant" short cut. She does her half assed attempt to convince me other wise but I was sure it was better. We ended up lost for and hour and a half to only end up 25 min from where we took my shortcut. We proceed with the original plan.. 

The last one was while in the forest. We were a good hour into the trail when we deviated off the trail to see some site seeing. Well to get back we decided to go a different way then our original...  It is a loop.  Wrong...  We ended up wasting and hour and a ton of energy/sunlight. We went the original way and just arrived home.  She is pretty pissed off and asked if she can keep her jewelry where I am supposed to keep my brain... 

TL;DR Went on hike.  Got lost driving.  Got lost again.  Got lost during hike.  Gf thinks I'm an idiot.  I think I'm an idiot. 

On mobile. Sorry.  




 I have seen a lot of references to these names and would like some accurate info to the relevance of them in Buddhism.  







































 How is the overall department?  Professors?  Are there preferable professors or avoidable prof? 


Are there philosophy meet ups?  
























 2327 ad,  male insemination became possible and 2329 ad,  rebirth in of self became possible...  We didn't think of the ramifications!!!!  



















 It seems pretty steep. About 1400 is alot more a month then I pay now for rent,  car and insurance...  Alot more.  Is it better if I rent a room off campus?   
























  Well this is unfortunate to say the least.. It all happened when my mom asked me if I could take her necklace to the jewelers to have it cleaned. First of all,  I didn't know you could clean gold so I laughed.  She explained that they do and how important her necklace is. I guess my father bought it for her years ago before he passed away.  It was a gold necklace with a beautiful gem in the front.  
She wore it a lot and explained it needed some TLC. Fast forward to the drive to the jewelry shop. I decided to stop for some food.  Got my McDonald's and threw the trash in the bag and threw the bag away.  I arrive at the store and that's when I realize I can't find the necklace.  I search everywhere in the car but I can't find it. It occurs to me that it may have fallen into the McDonald's bag when I threw it away.  I drive back to the McDonald's to find the bag right next to the trash bin. Empty.  I lost my mom's necklace that she loved dearly...  I can't see her heart break again or it will destroy me.. So I have decided to make her a new necklace just like the last one.  I have the mold for the necklace and even the gem...  NOW ALL I NEEDS IS SOME GOLD!?!?!  









 If so what is its significance and why does Buddha have it?  



















 Why isn't malaria a huge issue in America like it is in other continents?  





























 Based on ability,  style,  cultural impact/influence, sales,  hits,  longevity etc.  

Who is the greatest of great? 



















 8, 24 or perhaps both...  










































































 He explained "There are two things in the world that you need to know to be successful.  The first is never tell anyone everything you know"  














 I am a guitarist looking to get better at my vocals.  I'm improving but still far away from where I should be.  Is there any site or tube channel worth watching? 

What are good tips to drastically improve my voice?  I greatly appreciate your tips!  














 Daughter 1: Dad,  why did you name me Rose? 

Dad: Because sweetie,  a Rose petal fell on your head when you were born. 

Daughter 2: Dad,  why did you name me Lily? 

Dad: Because sweetie,  a Lily petal fell on your head when you were born. 

Daughter 3: hghghdnbgh!!? dnbgh!??!  nfhriirb!!? Jfjebdjhcb!!??! 

Dad: SHUT THE FUCK UP CINDERBLOCK!  









 Does anyone know why we didn't give him a chance but we gave so many other a chance...  It's hard for me to accept he is worse than Nik.  
























 I am a Kings fan and we are in talks of possibly acquiring Goran.. This upsets me especially with how he is handling your team.  He is upset his brother isn't getting minutes? Upset they signed Thomas? Wants a max deal?  All of this is absurd for a good (not great) player...  


They only got Thomas as insurance and 6th man potential but sounds like he took that personally.  Now your team is going to piss off Thomas by trying to shovel him off in delusional hopes of keeping Dragic... I say trade him and focus on the future.  Good luck.  









 http://youtu.be/A1a5QQoHh60 












































 [Look at this dipshit](/u/train_subject6818)  














 [This is Cousins I bought last year](http://m.imgur.com/IQfAmih) 

[This is my new one...  Of IT22!](http://imgur.com/63VQyLw) 

Been a long time collector of autographs and this one's my favorite yet!  (MJ is by default but let's pretend)  




 I thought he played well and can definitely help play 2 3 stretch.  Fastbreak player with multiple facets on offense...  Does anybody know? 

Edited: *Marshon* 




 M'lady  









 I can't wrap my head around the fact that Cousins agent doesn't like Karl so we can't get him..?  Thank makes no sense to me.  Beef about Karl's son is just ridiculous. Cousins isn't going to come out looking good if we can't close this because his agent isn't gonna get the publicity...  Cousins will.  




 Where did these shows come from?  How come honey boo-boo doesn't get shut down with the filth it portrays?  














 [DELETED]  




 M'lady 
























