 Who the fuck doesn't think dogs can look up? Someone who's literally never seen a dog before? 




 That doesn't even remotely refute his statement that a single bullet *can absolutely kill someone instantly if it hits the right spot.* 




 Literally anything can be psychology addictive... 




 Alcohol 




 [The coke scene from Corky Romano.]( https://youtu.be/QQN7WPleL9o ) 




 Driving on freeways (interstates) through rural areas with no exit for miles and miles. I don't know why. 




 007 Goldeneye for N64. 

Either that or Red Faction. I think that was for 64, but I could be thinking of something else. 




 I haven't got the patience to explain how ridiculous this question is. 




 Vanilla. 




 I stopped using facebook when I realized that I don't want to spend all day listening to everyone I know bitch and moan about stupid mundane crap while I'm doing my own thing on my free time. I listen to it enough when I'm socially obligated to do so in person. 

I also have quite a lot of family members (and to a lesser extent friends) who have views on certain topics that are just appalling in my opinion. I don't want to constantly read their opinions on said topics. I can pretty easily put my foot down in person and say I'm not having a conversation about something. 




 Because people will pay for it. 




 Further manned space exploration. 

Cmon Mars! 




 To understand human nature and evolve socially and economically for a future brighter than the past one must study blunders, failures, and atrocities as well as the heart warming events we wish to remember. 




 Oh this is gonna be a fun read later. 




 World Of Warcraft: Cataclysm

All in all it was fun but they began massively nerfing even heroic mode raids within the first month to cater to casual players but allowed them access the exact same titles and gear and effectively devalued the hard work of more dedicated raiders. 




 Anytime someone wins the lotto or inherits a large sum of money. 




 Once you're actually orbiting the earth you're not accelerating anymore but instead you're free falling toward the earth at the same rate of speed that the earth is curving away from you. You experience g-force during acceleration, so you would not experience any g-force while orbiting.

Edit: Its also worth noting that the speed at which you need to go to escape earth's gravity depends on a number of things but in this situation mostly the angle at which you're moving. At the speed of light, something with mass could orbit the earth at nearly surface level, assuming nothing got in the way, such as a tree, or a car, a building or a human. 




 Thin crust 

Tangy sauce 

Light layer of fresh mozzarella/provolone mixture, finely grated 

Mushrooms 

Onions 

Evenly spread thin sliced pepperoni 

Evenly spread sausage 

Evenly spread Canadian bacon 

Green olives, sliced medium thin

Another thin layer of the mozzarella/provolone mix

A thin layer of freshly grated Parmesan cheese 

A few thinly sliced cloves of roasted garlic spread evenly 

Baked at 400 for about 12 minutes 

Broiled for about 2 minutes for a golden brown top

Allow to rest for 5 minutes, slice and enjoy 

You're welcome. Your taste buds will love you. 




 Hive mind and trending opinions that change frequently. 

Nothing will fix it. 




