 My job is great, but we are a 24/7 center so Sunday mornings get pretty slow. 









 I think I can, I think I can.... 




 Not many times where I wish I could whistle...right now is one of those times. 




 While I was a bartender/server, I had to work the day after my birthday. Now I had never gone out for my birthday, even at 21. I would always party at my parents house. So I underestimated the phrase- "Hey it's my birthday!" Needless to say, I got hammered. Woke up on a friends couch who proceeded to wake me up just to wake and bake and start drinking again, completely forgetting I had work in a few hours. About an hour and a half before my shift, I remembered. Oh no, this was not good. Got a ride home, showered...that's about all I could do. I got into work and immediately my co-workers were calling me out. They were all pretty cool so management was unaware. We ended up getting really busy in the afternoon, and I was holding the fort down great, I thought. Right before I leave, my General manager pulls me and and lays it out. "I don't know how you did it, but you did a great job today, and not one customer complained that you were fucked up while working." She proceeded to let me know to never do it again (obviously) and I went home with one of my best Sunday afternoons (Tip-wise) that I had ever had, oh, and a horrible hangover.

TL;DR: Bartended and Served drunk and high after my birthday, customers didn't know, manager did, made lots of money and no trouble. 




 Great answer. 




 Imagine if you were driving an older car that didn't tell you exactly how long you had left....THAT is nail-biting. 




 Pepper spray. Yes, I hate that person. 




 Ah yes, good ol' edit 634053...those were the days. 




 Really though? Take essentially an entire frontpage post and change Reddit to Buzzfeed? C'mon, try a little bit hard. 




 Oh no, he got some from Jenny and Carly, they were switching, remember? It was in edit 645234. 




 Cris Carter, Tim Brown, and Jerry Rice. 

Ryan Leaf could QB for that team. 




 Yes, you are. 




 Well that's a given. I do that everywhere that is 5+ minutes from my current house. 




 I have even more cautious optimism about this upcoming season! 




 Ah I've seen both sides, both have pros and cons. 




 That will definitely NOT annoy me. I am one of the few around this area that doesn't seem to be in a crazy rush to get to EVERYWHERE. That gets me kind of excited.  









 We are both Network engineers and make decent money. We are prepared for the typical move stuff, but don't know how to handle moving out of state. 









 The duck face.

I hate it so very, very much. 




 I hope at least .500. I think the off-season is extremely crucial this year more so than previous years. 




 This...I shouldn't have read this at work. Such a strong lady. I will be hugging my mom extra tight tonight. 




 A lady in front of me at the grocery store couldn't find her credit card in her wallet and started frantically calling her husband and panicking, so I picked up her grocery tab without second thought. She started crying and hugging me. She asked for my info to pay me back and I just told her to help another fellow stranger one day. 




 Any update on the CL guy??  




 This happened to me...twice. Not cool ladies. Stop that shit. 




 While I was sitting at work at my desk alone


Not one person in the office, nor the building


Silence surrounds me, broken only by keyboard taps


Occasionally the printer spools, or phone rings


This is a normal Tuesday night


Unfortunately, the normalcy ceases here


I hear ghastly noises


They slowly escalate


Paralyzing screams


Silence. 




 Heroin is legal in Portugal, and I heard that stuff is pretty addictive. 




 I would LOVE a custom intake manifold from you. That would look gorgeous. You do damn fine work my friend. 




 Dexter Morgan.  Even though it's his show, and you are supposed to love him, he technically is a villain because he's a serial killer...of historic proportions. I still love his character though. 




 Faggot. 














 Now introducing, an organized place for anything about Jenny....   /r/jennyisawhore 




 So this is my second year of doing Extra Life, because last year was so awesome I am even more excited this year. So I live around Reading, PA and I am good friends with someone who is allowing me to use the back room of his bar, for most of the marathon, so if anybody in the area of Reading, Pennsylvania, swing by Klinger's on Carsonia and come to the back room and hang out and play games for the cause!  




 45 minutes since last update...RIP OP :( 




 My dads brand new truck is totaled. Multiple friends have totaled vehicles, I'm also berks county with confirmation. Craziest thing I've ever seen. Glad I had a carport to cover under. 




 This is beautiful. 




 I think the important thing to look at here is that a lot of servers are struggling college students and although a lot of people would brush off 200 dollars, it would be a huge help to almost every server I know.  




 When my friend calls his significant other "woman," or some other disrespectful term. It's really not cool and you sound like an asshole doing it. They're engaged now... 




 Django Unchained 




 Yep, I had seen them in Philly earlier this week, it was an excellent show. 




 And the bear jumped in the ocean and yelled "That's racist!" 




