 Ohhhhhhhhhh.  




 Karen Gillan was in doctor who from 2010-2012. Looked like a young adult on the show and had a husband, I feel like she'd be to old and out of place for a student 




 ODST is by far my favorite. 




 Or hunting 









 Firefighter for three NFS. Them some hardy men. 




 Doing society a favor good sir 




 I don't understand. Vets are animal doctors and doctors are meant to help, heal, and bring life to their patients. This is like a doctor killing someone, then claiming they are "doctor of the year" 

It completely goes against what a Vet is. 




 Many many people absolutely love halo 5. It's not a joke. Plus the campaign hype. 

Halo Online is legit halo 4 on roids. It was a cheap money grab by Microsoft.  




 But will I have an expanded version of the experience I got in the originals? 




 Yeah, so... what is happening here. 




 No. I'm an honest man. If I don't think you're beautiful, I won't say it. I will generally say what I think (amazing, cute, pretty) On the otherhand, I hate insulting people.  




 It's halo 4 on crack. But I think its because people dummy expect much from it and they can mod the living hell out of it. 




 If it is, we better get to see an updated old forerunner architecture style. 




 Aha. But then..... what truly defines reality? Our senses? Perceptions?  




 This version is great. Especially with the trumpets 




 Hey 




 It really sucks. It should have been a reskinned and updated Waypoint.  




 I'm fucking dying lmao 




 Well, the official Ben G account tweeted at moreconsole.  




 Officially amazing 




 GLAAASSED PLLANNETS HAVE BAD RECORDS BEN. JESUS. 




 Try www.girlschase.com and www.taoofbadass.com

Both legit and not scum. You'll understand why and how. 




 Lmao. 




 You could be a model. Great facial features, if you trim the hair as well. 




 You can keep the long. But you need to look more manly with it.  




 Now I wanna know what he said 




 Mod me u dank slut 




 Quidditch world cup would be nice to see. To check out all the nationalities. Especially american wizards... 




 Redheads are always winning 




 Do you want to know why? Nothing is mutually exclusive as to why they are moving. The answer isn't to literally force them to stay with legislation. It would make the issue worse. 




 Has to be a nice one. Not some neckbeard shit from walmart 




 Do you want to lose US business? Because this is how you lose US business 




 Is his beginner program for muscle and weight building worth it? I saw it on YT and seemed solid. But I wasn't sure 




 Yeah, Bungie had this weird thing where they had tiers for the legitimacy of their canon. It went: games, books/comics, then advertising. So they had no problem throwing away the book for the game. 




 He seems to be enjoying himself 




 Wait bro, it just appeared there!? Nobody put it there?  




 Yeah. But that look (albeit slightly different) had looked badass for a hundred years. The faggy mullet was just an 80s thing, just like the bieber cut was a 2000s thing. 




 Bellatrix on point. 




 These are beyond badass 




 That's pretty sweet 




 Gears of Halo Theft Auto 5 




 Honestly, half the guys on here think their appearance is the reason they aren't getting girls. Unless you are a 1 and have horrible personal hygiene, it's probably your mindset and attitude.  




 Would date 




 You're definitely not ugly.  




 Great eyes. But need better pic 




 I think you're really cute. 




 Reach has 25k tops. Impressive, but it's not that high 




 Yeah, clearly that's Kevin Bacon 




 That's awesome 




 Best candidate in the race at the moment. He signals a wave of change for the party as it stands.  




 Well.... DID IT WORK!? 




 Most certainly.  




 I'll vote for him over fucking Hilary.  




 Well, America did do that. 




 Solid 8. 




 I always figured he was the guy that founded the S4's. Not sure though 




 Shit. That was my pre-halo game. 




 All. No two ways about it. 

All 




 - Ben: But I..
- Sully: Glassed planets have bad records
- Ben: found people..
- Sully: GLASSED PLANETS
- Ben: That..
- Sully: GGAAAAALLLLAAASSSSED PLAAANNEETS. 

fuck Ben we've been over this. Shit 




 Seriously. Fuck this bitch. Even if you're a democrat. You shouldn't vote for her. Reminds of season 1  2 Claire underwood. 




 Communism. 




 I think it's the dude you play as in that Nintendo game where you smash pots. 




 Dislike haircut. Everything else on point 




 He emailed 343 to confirm it 




 He emailed 343 to confirm it's legitimacy 




 I am buying it. I'm just saying.. 




 Should have put an option for non buyers.  




 That's hilarious 




 First pic is the best. Brings out dem big eyes. What you're worried about isn't a big deal. 




 Yo hmu sometime. You're super pretty and your eyes go great with your hair. Fuckin love redheads. 




 Brah you fine 




 Not ugly 




 Official twitter for reference: https://twitter.com/22052124e?s=09 














 You can find it on YouTube 




 Stop. Just stop.  




 Redheads. Yes. 




 Yeah, us. I'm hoping halo 5 has a file share system, and a quality theater system that doesn't rely on that fucking upload app. 




 I miss reach in general. NBNS MLG settings are EASILY the best of the series. 




 THAT THEREZ A KEEPER.  




 Hagrid and his dad 




 I like it. I accept it 




 I'd feel horrible if my sibling got a letter and I didn't. I'd be like "good for you"


  Fuck 




 Please explain more.  




 I laughed. Wtf even is that 




 Honestly, start watching videos on tips, tricks, callouts. Start playing in PGL ladders. Sign up on their site and work your way up 




 - Forge world

- Target locator

- Pelican 




 I want spartan ops back. It didn't go well because they did it so cheaply, mixed it with firefight, and never released a new season. If they actually had good environments, more seasons and made it a legitimate episodic campaign with seasonal storylines from around the universe. It would be the greatest thing ever 




 And people still trust the government to control the internet. Lmao 




 I enjoy his views on this. But on /r/futurology. There was discussion of him talking about a "guaranteed basic income"  




 Yeah, I've died multiple times because I accidentally scoped in on the sword. I was thoroughly embarrassed.  




 Unjerk.
I got into a debate on r/halo about it. The thread about stop saying halo is dead. And I mentioned this exact video and got called on it. When people, especially YouTubers do this, it hurts halo. 




 GOD DAMIT. I didn't really want her involved. 

Edit: Damn. I got negged to shit. They killed her off in halo 4 in an epic way. It would be cheap to bring her back and make the whole reason chief went AWOL, and by extension Locke's mission about cortana. So we're going to spend  that whole campaign hunting chief or playing as chief......   for cortana. Come on. That's so cheap and predictable 




 Is this official? It looks like cortana or... 




 Yeah. Classically liberal is close to libertarianism. But liberal doesn't have the same connotation anymore. 




 Pertaining to MCC. They do deserve the criticism. But at this point its beating a dead horse. Going on about it at this point does nothing. They put their name on games like spartan assault, MCC, and others because they are the franchise. This doesn't mean they focused on it while taking away from the main project.

I wouldn't say their priorities are broken. They had a very specific timeframe to release things with two completely separate teams. Plus, they needed to have enough time to implement beta feedback. Why delay the beta and put that project at risk because of MCC. To many chefs in the kitchen isn't a good thing. And the overwhelming majority at 343 are on h5.

343 aren't the ones working on ODST and relic. Saber and certain affinity are the ones on that. They didn't even start ODST until after release.

They released Forge Island based on feedback, changed in game H4 settings for feedback, H5 is being changed based on feedback. They are listening to the general consensus on things

343 is a competent company. Only real fuck up this gen was MCCs release. Everything else has been fine. It's just that Dobbins is beating a dead horse. 343 knows that MCC had a shitty release and they know people disliked h4; they've heard it a million times. At this point it adds nothing to discussion and Dobbins perpetuates this attitude toward halo that doesn't help. 




 No, his anger and frustration are what is needed for 343 to get their head out of their wallets and realize what people want. It's the ignorance of so many people like yourself that just assume 343 is going to pull through when their record shows they have failed at everything they have done before. 

Halo 4, fail. Did they alter anything quickly to fix the problems, hell no, they were focused on MCC. MCC, fail. Have they altered and patched the problems accordingly, no. They have taken their time because the majority of their team is on Halo 5.

You assume that they fully developed MCC. It makes no sense to take people off halo 5 to work on MCC. None at all. Plus you assume they could have just altered some shit and and it would have been all hunky dory.

Now with that track record, the only record 343 has with games, what makes you think H5 is going to be any different? Dobbins and others who criticize them, like myself, don't wish for Halo to fail, but want people to stop accepting and promoting 343 to just keep doing what they are doing. All he is saying is don't listen to this bullshit 'Locke vs. Chief' hype and pre-order or buy this game before you know what you're getting. 

You assume people dont know what they're getting, even though they've played a beta that they enjoyed. One that ran more smooth than MCC. Criticism is fine. Making click bait circle jerk titles like "you hate halo if you pre-order halo 5" is not.

Look at it this way, Bungie took 3 years to produce each of their 4 games from Halo CE to Reach, 343 will have produced 3 games in 3 years with DLC already in the works prior to H5 release. Priorities have been set for 343 and it's worth betting that they have not learned from their mistakes with the way things have been going

You straight up assume 343 has hands on developed every halo title. They had other studios do them while they focused on the main title at hand (H5) You also assume they have DLC in development. The MCC dlc is being done by separate companies while 343 is focused on H5. They still stick to the 3 year dev cycle.

You also assume 343 hasn't done anything right. Even though we have HCS, good lore, and had a well received beta. 

You also seem to assume they aren't listening to any feedback, even though they have the feedback program and made a halo 5 update post where they flat out implemented community feedback. Just because they aren't listening to *your* feedback, and dobbins. Doesn't mean they aren't listening. 

Dobbins really is leading an overreacted crusade against nothing. And hurting halo in the process. 




 You're making a lot of assumptions there 




 At least that was black and white. Shoot the big blargy aliens. It was an epic struggle. 

But if the UNSC and humanity are flung into a legitimate civil war, the floods possible return, Halsey/Jul with the Janus Key, and covie religion making a comeback. I'd say that's pretty bad. But I doubt it'll happen 




 I'm calling it now. At the end of the series, Ben gets offed after he releases his info. The UNSC and humanity descend into complete chaos as ONI lies are revealed  




 The competitive scene won't die in halo 5. Plus, a huge amount of people enjoy the game.  




 Think about it bro. A legitimate inter UNSC civil war, covies and Halsey getting ahold of the Janus key hellbent on revenge and a flood return. 




 - HCS is rising and the competitive scene is beginning to rise again
- Lore has been handled wonderfully with books, comics, and merch.
- Halo is gaining more content creators, YouTubers, and fan sites. Compared to the dying of Reach and 4
- Halo 5 is looking extremely promising so far. From a story perspective and MP
- MCC is functional, 343 is working around the clock to bring the next TU.
- no longer is this sub and every halo forum filled with anti 343 circle jerk. We are seeing discussion, awesome clips and more. 

Halo isn't dad. We just have to accept that halo isn't the top dog mainstream game anymore. And work to be a friendly community newcomers want to be apart of.  




 Dobbins posted a video called "if you pre order halo 5 you hate halo" the thumbnail was "do you hate halo?" And he acts like he's in some fucking crusade to save halo by bashing it.

His intentions may be good, but perpetuating halo hate is undeniably bad for the franchise. The comments on that video were just a huge circlejerk that said fuck 343.  




 I'm referring to this generation. 




