




 Can someone please explain to me exactly what a Homeowner's Association is?  




 No. Just No. Stalactites is the place you go at four in the morning when everywhere is shut. 




 That man is very attractive. I found it very distracting.
 




 "He's not coming back" 




 I loved it. I don't know how many interminable entitled rich family dramas I've say thought thinking 'I wish someone would come and kill all these people.' 

That said, I think it did go a little too far into schlock at the end.  




 I thought it was too soon to be in other formats. 

I sing Space Oddity to my daughter as a lullaby. We took her to see the movie at the drive in. She slept through it. 




 I didn't realise this was available as a download.  




 As little respect I have for Hubbard and his 'works' there is little evidence he actually said this. This article covers both sides.

http://www.sweenytod.com/cos/didhesaythis.html

 




 Then we can finally get The Street Fighter II movie the world deserves!  




 Heath Ledger slowly opens his eyes surrounded by machines and chemicals.

"What happened?" 

"Mr Ledger. You've been dead for fives years." says the scientist. "But, with the latest technology, we've been able to cheat death itself and raise you, like Lazarus, from your grave. We don't have long though. The process is only temporary."

"Oh god! Thank you! I'll have one more chance to hold my daughter. To say a proper goodbye to my family. I'll be able talk to Michelle. I always regretted how things ended between us. Thank you for this second chance!"

"I'm sorry Mr Ledger. There isn't much time and we need you to make another Batman movie."

 




 Cancer? 




 I agree. All characters in all movies should be played by a beiged coloured, genderless creature with no distinguishing features at all. That's something we can all enjoy.

https://fbcdn-profile-a.akamaihd.net/hprofile-ak-prn1/50515_243006402673_3668975_n.jpg 




 I'd suggest re-reading what you just wrote and having another stab at it. You might have a point in there somewhere but your sentences make little sense.

EDIT: Your/you're dammit. 




 Not really. Every time an article mentions the test, its limitations are mentioned.  




 Huzzah. Dropped twenty bucks.  




 It says zero days left!  




 Rainbow attracts a very different audience to Edinburgh Gardens.  




 Technically, it was promoted by Melbourne City Council as a place to watch the fireworks last year. 10,000 people showed up and trashed the park. This year, Yarra City Council begrudgingly provided some services.  
 




 You're an idiot. 

Asking people to use a bin is not the same as asking people not to have an abortion. 

 




 It's only a disaster if you live in the area. 




 I'm calling bullshit. While there might be true events that inspired filmmakers to create a fictional work, there is no way most of these films are 'based on' true stories. 

 




 I had the opposite reaction. Wait? The  guy who made Braindead/Dead Alive, Meet The Feebles and Bad Taste is being given millions to make Lord of The Rings? 




 Steven Sodeburgh always surprised me. Magic Mike, Haywire, Schizopolis 




 You'll need to google it like I did.  




 I do that all the time. I was trying to google 'Racist Mascots' the other week and my mind wandered half way through. Long story short, I now have the phrase 'Racist Masturbation' on my search history.   




 My daughter is 36. She's getting really sick of my shit.  




 George R. R. Martin bought an old movie theatre and watches films from the cry room so we can enjoy the movie without the rest of the audience noticing him as the owner/author. 

http://www.npr.org/2013/10/07/227772024/george-r-r-martin-author-and-movie-theater-guy 




 I take my daughter to the drive in and the special bring your babies sessions.  




 Also, cash converters.  




 Also, don't use a boxcutter. Good advice. 




 It. Not I. Sorry. I should have been clearer. 




 He was in the movie so, yes. Yes, I do.

EDIT: Clarity. 




 He could have played Parker too.  




 I know right? How DARE they feel bad when someone tells a racist joke? I feel so oppressed. 




 Sadly, the large majority of people who make racist jokes lack the cognitive abilities to be able to tell whether their friends is smiling politely or genuinely amused. 

I have friend who CONSTANTLY makes Jew jokes. He just does not get that it offends and annoys our jewish friends, despite what they tell him.

 




 This, a thousand times over.  




 http://fc09.deviantart.net/fs71/f/2011/329/e/9/avengers_booty_ass_emble_by_kevinbolk-d4hb4xl.jpg 




 Kung Pow fans don't even know how to spell the word awful.  




 Life is Beautiful killed me.  




 Fun fact! This is called Gestalt's Law of Continuity. With information removed, our brains tend to fill in that information by continuing the already existing pattern. In this case, we imagine the nude woman because all we see is skin. SCIENCE! 

 




 That's a mean thing to say.  




 Slut? Really? You're calling Catwoman a slut?  




 And here is Anchorman 1...

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0357413/?ref_=nv_sr_2 




 Clue 




 That is, perhaps, the single most American thing I've ever read. 




 And not to be confused with 'The Double'

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWhikLYeSQ0

 




 I really enjoyed Side By Side. Keanu Reeves' contribution to film is underrated, even if his acting isn't.   




 Is that the Saddam Hussein one?
 




 Where can I see it? 




 But we're in love with the IDEA of them. That counts right?
 




 My pick is Fortress (1986) the Australian horror film about a group of children and their teacher kidnapped for ransom. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfTkKaSZFyk

Upvote the movies you haven't seen, downvote the ones you have 




 I thought you were telling us that 'Suggestions   Requests' are the two things canadians can't live without.  




 A lot of people see Enemy of the State as the sequel to The Conversation.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Conversation#Enemy_of_the_State_connections 




 The original video is deeply disturbing. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOyDrycsS2g 




 Coburg is a great suburb but Pentridge Village is not great. It has a depressing vibe and isn't really near very much of interest. 

If you're on a budget, you could do better. 









 Shane Maloney's series is fantastic. The protagonist is a political fixer for the ALP at a state level during the Kennett years. http://shanemaloney.com/books.

The original Melbourne crime novel is The Mystery of The Hansom Cab. 

EDIT: What the hell I am doing? I have my own Melbourne crime novel, Chasing The Ace, coming out in July next year through Simon   Schuster.  http://trove.nla.gov.au/work/186497152?selectedversion=NBD52121192 




 There were concerns a few years back about the number of deaths at Melbourne Zoo but nothing came of it. 

http://www.worldzootoday.com/2008/10/19/call-for-melbourne-zoo-inquiry-as-animal-deaths-hit-486/ 




 Comedy, reddit style. 

http://tcmmoviemorlocks.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/krusty.jpg 




 Not enough cake on a cake pop! 




 I will defend tiny cakes to my dying day. 




 God yes. 




 Oh! And food trucks. 




 I refuse to wait in line at a restaurant. I don't care how good you think Mamasita is, I'm not going to stand in a stairway for an hour when I can get dumplings a couple of hundred metres away in minutes.  




 Snowtown 




 Life Is Beautiful  




 The most depressing piece of movie trivia is about the 14 year old girl from The Crow. 

 After the death of Brandon Lee on the set of The Crow, she had to return to the set in order to film the scene in which Eric Draven says "Sarah, I do care." with a body double in the character of Draven, but did not appear in another film until 2009 




 That's a long commute. 

To be honest, it was a charity raffle and I didn't really want any of the stuff in the basket that desperately. (except maybe the box of favourites) 




 I don't know, my wife would probably not be too keen on the idea... 




 nah, that's ok...i guess. 
 




 Woah! There was an ICE CREAM MAKER? Deals off, I'm coming to get it. :) 




 If you could provide us with a list of the wonderful crap in the basket, that would be great! 




 Or lazy :) 




 Thanks 




 Cool, is your real name Alannah Rose? 




 It's a raffle I entered full of random stuff. DVDs, Gardening supplies etc. I live in Preston and don't want to make the journey. 

EDIT 

Turns out the gift basket contained an ice Cream Maker, Two Nickelodeon DVDs, a man dvd boxset, a pack of screwdrivers, a portable gas bbq, a 30 metre hose, wooden blocks that spell HOME, a box of Favorites and two bottles of Wine. 


 









 Here in Australia we had thing happen. After 35 people were killed in a 1996 massacre, the conservative Prime Minister, immediately put a strict control on guns 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Port_Arthur_massacre_(Australia) 




 I'm not sure I understand the point of this film.

The conclusion the films seems to be the exact opposite of what actually happened.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/P._L._Travers#Disney_version


 




 I was going to post a link to some Danish Cookie pics I submitted last week but don't want to be accused of being a karma whore.

So here is a link to where 9GAG ripped them off instead.

http://9gag.com/gag/ab5gzBB 




 Independence Day 

The Americans have had a non functioning alien spaceship since the fifties. What if they were able to study the ship and use what the learnt as a basis for modern computing.

This would make it more believable that the two systems work in a similar enough way to connect the ships.

 




 Where can we hear him play? I hate to donate money and find out he is a terrible musician?

;)  




 So that's why this will never be made...

http://images.amcnetworks.com/ifc.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/patt-star-wars2.jpg 




 *He's so hot right now.  




 That's ok. I've never been to Legoland 




 Check out Meet The Feebles. One of Peter Jacksons first films 




 Australia here. I don't know why I wrote cookie. 




 That was the other part of the gift. I just had a daughter. Cookies for me. Book for her. 




 They do indeed fit. See my other comments on the subject. 




 They do, see other comments 




 Count the number of skulls.  




 You're right, they look really tiny too in that picture. 




 I'm a grown man on reddit. What did you expect? ;)

 




 http://imgur.com/SVm195z 




 I agree. I was a tiny bit disappointed she fill it with junk not sewing stuff.  




 Worse.

I ate all the cookies. 

:( 




 I would like to formally apologise to r/movies for starting this god awful depressing thread. May god have mercy on my soul. 




 
http://imgur.com/SVm195z 




 I ate that second layer of cookies in about two hours. And I regret nothing. 




 Sweet holy crap. Count the number of skulls on the black and white pencil in both shots you said lonely little man.

 




 Oh god. I regret asking the question... 




 I can't believe I just took a extra photograph of some pencils in a tin because some reddit douchebag lacks basic spatial awareness and geometrical education. 

http://imgur.com/SVm195z


 









 I read this today on the IMDB page of Rochelle Davis, the 14 year old girl who played Sarah in the The Crow. It broke my heart.

*After the death of Brandon Lee on the set of The Crow, she had to return to the set in order to film the scene in which Eric Draven says "Sarah, I do care." with a body double in the character of Draven, but did not appear in another film until 2009.* 




 One of my favourite films of all time.  




 Neil Hope, much like the character he played, lost his parents young and struggled with alcoholism after Degrassi. He died in 2007.

What's really sad it the general public didn't realise he had passed until last year. 
 









 I feel genuinely happy for that man. It probably made the mascot's day too. 




 Die Hard 4.0.

The computer nerd is play by Kevin Smith 




 My favourite review quote so far. 

"The Crocodile Dundee II of superhero films-in a good way!" - Slate

 




 I read that whole storyline when it first came out. I was 13 at the time and read it at my local newsagent/newstand after school. I'd finish school, go to the shop and read a couple of pages of the latest issue until the owner told me to get lost.

It was the first comic storyline I read from start to finish and has coloured all of my reading since. 
 




 I work as a writer and consultant on con artists and scams so this is somewhat my specialty subject. 

Most 'real world' pickpockets lack the delicate skill of pickpocket entertainers or 'honest' pickpockets. After all, some one like Apollo will steal the watch off your wrist even after he's told you that he is going to. 

Street pickpockets rely on crowds, heavy misdirection and teamwork to steal your belongings. Entertainers have to do it under a literal spotlight.

Bob Arno is also very good but, if you're looking for a teacher, Apollo can not be beat. 

You might enjoy this annotated video I made of the opening scene of The Pickpocket (1954)

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ighoD9vtpGQ 




 This is brilliant.  




 Hipsters aren't that bad! They're they ones who listen to all the new shitty music and find the good stuff so the rest of us don't have to! 

 




 Really not a fan of that film. The opening 10 minutes is an amazing piece of film making but the rest feels like a series of oscar baiting cameos and mindless patriotism.   




 There is nothing natural about riding a horse so hard that it breaks it's leg, something that happens regularly in the horse racing industry. 

There is employment in many, many terrible things in the world, that does not mean we should continue doing them.  




 The danger of running is that their leg snaps to the point of having to kill it where it lays

How is that not dangerous? Or cruel?

The horse racing industry know of the risk they are putting these animals into and they continue to do it.

 


 




 Bullshit! This activity puts horses into dangerous positions again and again and then kills them when they are injured.  




 Rucker's Hill baby! 




 New Favourite Phrase "Moonbats Crackers" 




 Shatter
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shatter_(digital_comic) 




 I can't believe I'm the first the post Patton Oswalt's franchise crossing Star Wars pitch.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOsKISBkIlQ 




 Wow! That's a rough year of movie going. 




 1. The Big Lebowski
2. The Big Lebowski
3. The Big Lebowski

That's an awesome film and 1998 was a shit year for movies  




 I used to live at the end of Eastment St. It was a hipster paradise  




 Anthony Hopkings on actors who stay in character between takes...

Its a pain in the ass. Who the hell wants to be with some miserable grump because he wants to get his performance right, so you have to call him this or call him that? 

"Its so boring. Ive been with actors like that and theyre a pain in the ass, they really are. Theyre unpleasant to work with and I dont think theyre always that good either."
 




 Fat Will Arnett!  




 Gladiator (1992) 




