 Mt Eden Dubstep - Still Alive 




 funki porcini - purrfect 




 Devin Townsend 




 Jonathan Coulton - re: your brains   still alive 




 Tangerine Dream - Ricochet 




 CunninLynguists - a piece of strange album 




 Nas -memory lane - illmatic album 




 aesop rock 




 mos def - mathematics 




 Arkasia - Pandemonium 




 christina hendricks sexy

beggars and choosers 

undressed 




 kip moore 




 fun - all alone 




 Gonjasufi - Blaksuit 




 If I Had a Heart - Fever Ray (Fuck Buttons Remix) 




 cannibal ox - pigeon 




 bonobo -recurring 




 a perfect circle - judith 




 tycho

dj shadow - midnight in a perfect world 




 what made me realize i was dreaming was when a dog meowed like a cat 









 thank you. one more thing if you don't mind, which number in the picture in this link should the tip of my tongue almost touch? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alveolar_ridge 




 thank you very much. one more thing if you don't mind, which number in the picture on this page should the tip of my tongue nearly touch? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alveolar_ridge 




 thank you. on the picture in this link, which number should the front of my tongue go towards? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alveolar_ridge 




 i won $300 at a casino, then spent most of it at a strip club 




 i was always running away from something and my legs would feel really heavy, and i wouldn't be able to run fast enough 




 thank you. i still have some research to do but now i have a starting point 




 what's the name of waldo's evil twin? 




 so CO2 emissions cause greenhouse gasses which reflects some radiation back towards earth? and radiation is the same as light. do i have the jist of it? 




 so then why are you at the mall? 




 so the earth has always been getting warmer since it was created? what is infrared radiation? which way is the radiation ejected, back towards earth?  




 why is earth's climate getting warmer? 









 thank you 




 I KEPT SAYING "STOP" BUT SHE WOULDN'T. even when tears streamed down my face, she wouldn't just let me run away and lock myself in the bathroom. i think she craved my humiliation, she loved being stronger then me. she loved being on top and dominating me until i couldn't take it any longer and peed my pants. she just wouldn't stop tickling me 




 ross's is hardly noticeable, i sound like a cartoon character. that's a good idea though, thanks.  




 already have it memorized, that's how nervous i am. and actually if i think about what i'm going to say before i say it then i'm more likely to stutter. english is my first language, speech therapy didn't do shit 




 i was thinking about saying my nickname was "boston joe" on the first day of class, but didn't because of shyness and not knowing anything about boston 




 is it just me or does everyone with down's syndrome look like twins? 




 i say these whenever i'm home alone 




 what? that is the opposite of how i was taught. i was taught to curl my tongue backwards. i just tried your way and i can't do that either. 




 i'm 21 and i've had this problem all my life. i used to go to speech therapy for years until i just gave up (also have a stutter). it didn't do shit. 

how far back should i curl my tongue? was there anything specific that really helped you? 




 ok thank you. i'll have to go buy a mouse so i can do that. this isn't my computer i'm on 




 ok i'll try that, thanks 




 thanks. what's a driver and how do i re-install it? 




 yup 




 nope. i thought of that, not an 80 year old 




 yup. testicular trauma its called 




 THE DOCTOR SAID HE WOULDN'T TELL MY PARENTS ANYTHING WITHOUT MY PERMISSION, HE LIED. one of my balls (actually the ballsack) is a lot bigger than the other because i rode my bicycle into an oncoming car. when my mom comes back in the room. he draws my genitals on his notepad and shows my mom. he then says what size my balls are on a scale of one to ten, and then goes on to tell us what size his balls are. 




 shit. i guess i should have waited for an answer. thanks for looking this up, you went above and beyond 




 nosleep. that's it, thanks 




 that's a good idea but my friend is fishing in alaska so i don't know where to get weed 




 nothing to do with you if that's what you mean.  




 do you know the name of that thread for creepy stories? 




 ok thank you. i've never done this and i can see how this would be helpful. thanks a lot 




 hmm i'll try that, thanks. your comment might actually be helpful for a change. i like to write strange fiction but i'll give this a shot. 




 two problems with that: i only have one friend and he's kind of permafried, and i'm too self conscious for that anyways. 




 my problem is that i can't get my ideas onto paper. i can't even write for 15 minutes without getting frustrated and needing a smoke break 




 i'm too self conscious for that. maybe i'll put some of my stories on reddit. 




 the only drink i've ever ordered at a bar is manny's 




 ok thanks 




 what sorry? i think i've heard of tonic water. away to google i goooo 




 ok thanks 




 what is tonic? 




 double just means twice as much alcohol right? non clear rum means it was stored in barrels right?  




 what is that? 




 really? can is better then bottle? 




 i knew someone would say this but i didn't think it would be the very first comment 




 i hate all the women on the daily show 




 its just that i'm terrified of my parents smelling lotion on me or hearing the noise 




 i masturbate without lotion or lube or anything like that. 




 no but last week i started a new job and the day after my first day of work i dreamed that i would walk out of the store and somehow would wind up right back in it. this kept happening until a security guard came up to me and asked to talk. then out of nowhere another security guard comes up behind me and grabs my balls. i don't fight back but it hurts bad. i wake up and think this dream means that society finally has me by the balls. 




