 I get it. Cuz that's his name. Clever.  




 My body heals itself on on its own  




 Drizzt Do'Urden 




 Legion:Skin deep by Brandon Sanderson is a fantasy novel that explores this idea. It's about 100 pages long and is an entertaining yet interesting read  




 I literally cannot stop laughing at that edit lol I'm dying Oh God reddit is killing me  




 Post a really clever and funny comment  




 Yeah sorry buddy. That's just a tad weird  




 Sorry in advance buuuuuttttttt he sounds like a dick. (I'm a guy btw) You make it sound like you're trying and you want to be great for him, and he is just using you as a hole for sex. The fact that he "doesn't talk during sex" really shouldn't be an excuse for why he isn't helping you build your confidence. Now I realize that telling you this isn't going to help at all, it isn't really constructive. This is just feedback and my opinion on what I'm noticing from your post. I would suggest working out. Many people that I know who had similar problems with confidence found themselves growing more comfortable with their bodies and abilities as lovers when they exercise frequently. Honestly sex feels great. I have sex all the time and it doesn't really matter what she does, it always feels nice. If she does a little extra stuff that feels cool too, but almost no matter what you do he will enjoy it and like it a lot. Don't freak out about it :) 

 




 Stupid autocorrect  




 WOOOOOOOOAAAAHHHHHH COOOOOOOLLLLL 




 If two organisms are able to engage in Intercourse and produce fertile offspring then they are of the same species. Tell your friend to go back and take 9th grade science  




 http://www.brillig.com/debt_clock/  




 We're in a drought  




 Finding $20 in your pocket  




 Better a sucky blowjob than a crappy one 




 Brandon Sanderson's fantasy novel  "Mistborn" 




 Fucking vaccinate your kids. Smallpox is coming back in some parts of the world because people are refusing to vaccinate their kids for religious reasons or because they think it's linked to autism. This is a disease that killed off nearly the entire population of Native Americans because they had no resistance to it. Know who else has no resistance to it? 21st century citizens of the united states. Get them vaccines peeps 




 I read that as 5,120,000 years ago... Was gonna say that making a joke about how old teachers were isn't [serious]  




 Head 




 My parents told me if I got good grades in high school and did well in college that I'd get a good job. Hah.  




 An Irishman, a rabbi, and a priest walk into a bar and the bartender says "what is this, a joke?"  




