  Australians don't talk about it much. 
 
I feel there is much Australians don't much talk about.
 




 They must be NCAA Div II or III because they aren't Div I.

 




 I still say 'Suck gas evil doer!'.  
Great catch phrase.
 




 How is Randy Johnson not Unanimous?  




 I'm a unicorn! 




 It's awesome shit like this that makes me hate kids nowadays. 




 Walter White, just ask Gus. 




 Not the usual glory hole 




 Well they got the crystal part right. 




 Isn't there only one chipmunk song? Did the Rescue Rangers drop a single I hadn't heard about? 




 This is how the rest of America thinks Texans go to sleep. 




 Does Mickey look like a bitch? 




 Come on now, think of the planet and recycle. 









 It's right [there](http://imgur.com/TiwpZAQ) 




 What are you talking about? It is tagged nsfw. 




 Then she just pulls on another pair and crawls back into the machine. 









 Do you have proof his name is Bob? No? Then fuck off! 




 Cheese and Crackers! Why'd you post in comments? You'd get more karma as it's own post.
 




 Do that during sex and depending how wet she is you might do the same move 




 I saw them on the news this morning and said the same thing 




 Now I want to see it with that [salt gun](http://bugasalt.com/) 




 Please don't hertz me 




 Women and their hair removal 




 Thank you! 




 This kind of makes me wish I was 15 with a BMX. 




 Your coworker fucked up, "white dudes who can't dance" do not wander that far from the bar unless it's to go to the bathroom. 




 Not this 




 What about cooties? 




 Don't taze me, ho! 




 Man, I hope not 




 You are right, I mixed up Fischer and Booker. 




 Must be one of those who'll "try anything once". 









 That's the nice thing about this fountain, it refills itself 




 Dan Connor is one of the greatest TV dads. I love the episode where George Clooney hits Roseanne's sister Jackie and Dan ends up getting arrested. 




 Sorry, don't have the source. I came across it when I was looking up ideas for a water feature in my front yard and mistakenly googled 'squirting fountain'. 




 I don't think it's the universe itself, but populating the universe that was the bad move. 




 Then there's the newbie next to her 




 That's not as bad as so she can get her brother some play. 









 Congratulations. You're stupid in three languages. 




 Venti is twenty in Italian 




 Not much, that lazy POS! 




 You underestimate me sir! 




 Talk about small sample size 




 So like Porc and Phish 




 I don't get it, got any more examples? 




 Whoa! That's deep dude 




 Fozzie? 




 I know, you just expect him to explode and Arthur Shelby someone anytime he is on screen but he never does. The negotiation with Tommy was brilliant.   




 All about that ass! 




 That explains everything! 




 It's all about trying to get the buttsex 




 It's all about the subtext 




 That is just the [saddest picture.](http://imgur.com/4XoLyAT)   




 Hello, my name is Inigo Jet-Puffed. You toasted my father prepare to die. 




 With a poker face like that, that kid is going to lose his diaper. 




 Fuck you very much for sharing. 




 A couple of time it seemed like it. Strange he stayed so together. 




 Hilarious show 




 /r/thathappened 




 That was my conclusion as well 




 Charles Xavier could mind wipe  everyone but more likely make it so they don't want to fight 




 What dinosaur? 




 Sony Walkman? Best Device in the '90s?  
No Nintendo Entertainment System?  
 




 Back in the before times store used to have something called "store rooms" or "stock rooms" where extra inventory was kept. The extra inventory was eliminated to cut costs way back when, but old people are set in their ways and don't realize that what you see is what you get and if what you are looking for is not there they should go home and order it on Amazon instead of wasting valuable employee time. 




 Should be more like "bitch, the description is in the fucking name." 




 Perfect grammar 




 Oh yes, the incredible [Captain Hindsight](http://imgur.com/8qaVGQu) and his sidekicks Shoulda, Woulda, and Coulda. 




 I would literally expect dust to puff out when she sits down
 




 WKRP in Cincinnati  




 Combine the two and it'd be [perfect](http://static.squarespace.com/static/50c23036e4b0cdf47a39b505/5192ea07e4b0afcdebceb434/5192eb79e4b012e20ee635d7/1368589923350/1-S6-b.jpg?format=750w) 




 It's missing [IT management](http://resources0.news.com.au/images/2013/10/31/1226750/159244-45aea628-41a3-11e3-8308-a963aeaf7bd4.jpg) 




 Why is the faucet not in the center so you can use the sink from both sides? 




 Rafi will be used as evidence in someones commitment trial. 




 Better Off Ted is hilarious 




 And I bet when you get up and walk over you use the remote even though the switch is right there. 




 Amateur! When I was 10 I was one handing both beaters so I had a free hand to sneak swipes in the bowl that was given to my sister. 









 Obviously the one around the butt-hole, that line work is shaky at best. 




 I took my chances and pretty interesting, thanks. 




 The age old dilemma, to click or not to click? 




 That's no Butt. 




 RIP  
Those are names I haven't heard in a while. 









 Living the dream 




 Both. Not even a dozen posts after this one was a post about millions of credit cards stolen. 




 Well that's not saying much given the state of corporate cyber security. 




 Why are you going to insult the man like that. 
 




 Did they say what his illness was? I figure suicide attempt. 




 Right? Every damn news broadcast. Even on the weekend, they'd just recap what happened during the week.  




 Please, I've seen Walter Jr. handle walkers better than him.
 




  CORDLESS phone  

Wait, aren't all phones cordless unless you are charging them. 




 Yeah, but it's not a fag. 




 TIL that I have thousands of dollars in furniture just laying in my backyard 




 From hell's heart I stab at thee! 




 It's reddit, there's better than even odds that they could be related. 




 It's the third nipple that does it

 




 [Karma](http://imgur.com/gallery/RNYekc6) 




 At first I thought why didn't Vivid make a movie with him. But then it hit me, who'd dare take a load from him, let alone a facial. 
 




 Should have known that when Green Bay lost the Lions would do what they could to fix that.
 




 They're more likely to sue for copyright infringement 




 Don Kelly 




 Bo know Vettes 




 Colorado or Washington? 




 What are you talking about? The Boz will always be cool. 




 OP can stand proud with the proof that he can tell the difference between his ass and a hole in the ground 




 Not suicide, that is an ancient practice to battle sag. 




 Deer mumps...Dumps? 




 Dayum! 




 If engineering can't do it just hire some more 




 But which one kept pronouncing it Macau. It was John Macau this and John Macau that. Enough to drive me crazy, tell you what 




 OMG! That's Genius! 




 High five-ing  millions of angels 




 Maybe that's why the aliens are still probing people after all these years, we don't look like the posters. 




 Jell-O in a washing machine.  
  
Wouldn't that be silent? 




 Jar Jars demise, motherfucker 




 and the billions spent on breast enhancements are for... shit, OPs statement has me so flabbergasted I can't even finish my retort. 




 You should go back next Sunday so you can get a pic of Gandalf enforcing it. 




 [Supplies, Motherfucker!](http://i.imgur.com/xb7ZitX.gif) 




 Damn rude ass toddlers! I mean if you can't handle solid food right then stick to your bottle. 




 No she doesn't 




 [Took it a step further](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/2nu0y6/the_worst_gif_ever/cmh101a) 




 Woohoo! Take that past uses, we kicked their asses. 




 [Sleep? Muah-ha-ha-ha](http://imgur.com/IQG7rnJ) 




 That's how you can tell it's a dog on the internet. 




 The cats reaction to the squirrel makes me think the squirrel is a pet or at least somewhat trained. 




 More like when your friend brings his little brother 




 Oh yeah, that's the stuff.

 




 That was bad but worst would have been if it rotated. 




 Noirse! 




