 This is why I don't go to coachella 




 TIL you're a bigger bitch than your dog.  




 PLEASE STOP. I NEED MY FRONT TEETH 




 Can confirm. Have no property, am depressed.  




 The cops showed restraint and handled the situation well, yet you're sitting there and saying they shoot people?  What is wrong with you?  




 So the maggots ate the bone of his jaw? Ughhh 




 Where's the rest of his jaw?  




 If you're going fast enough to pull off this maneuver then the initial jerk of the wheel is enough to swing the car around 75% of the way, if not all the way. 

If you were trying to do a 360 then use of the brakes is necessary to add rotation to the car.  




 What does it mean when it's purple? 




 If coworker didn't stop and check out the gif with you then he's no one you want to hang out with. Trust me, all of us at corporate know this.  Nobody likes a stiff. 




 So the question is: did you hit? 




 It would be as full of made up stories as the ones in TIFU 




 The snigliest 




 Correct. Gender discrimination law applies when renting a private residence. When sharing a room or a house with common areas, gender is not protected under the fair housing laws.  




 Next time, maybe just say you're not dressed.  




 Have you considered that your brain will also age with time and eventually fail?  




 I can tell there are no hipsters here.  




 "Take a knee! " 




 Better, better yet. Throw it in reverse, snap wheel to the left, clutch in, snap wheel to the right while shifting into 2nd, clutch out, gas it.  




 What are you talking about? I don't have any friends.  




 2 fast 2 serious 




 Fat Mexican cats 




 I've never had to buy a BIC lighter ever.  




 I make my mayo fresh at home.  




 I'm also excel guy at work. I just document the hell out of it and require that any time someone asks me for excel help, they have to email me the request and cc my boss. 




 You obviously haven't been in prison before.  




 If you had no shame, would you have no decency either?  




 If it fits, I sits.  




 Every mom on the planet.  




 I started getting tired of having sex with girls who were horrible at sex. Until I had sex with one who was really,  REALLY good. 

Then I realized why she was probably really good.  




 Or you can use it to your advantage to leverage a promotion.  




 THIS 




 Oh yeah. Boob. Hmm, this ass feels nice. Boob! Lick the nipple. Must squeeze boobs. Ok, back to grabbing booty. I wonder if I can fit my entire hand around this booty. Nope. Man, I love underboob from this angle. Oh, shit! Almost forgot to lick the boobie. Pinch the nips. Oh, she likes that. I think I'll suggest tacos for dinner. Boob! Ok, back to grabbing booty. FUCKKKK

"Hey, I think we should get tacos. " 




 But op doesn't kiss and tell. 




 Unless the candy is ecstasy.  




 Getting a degree will not guarantee you a job.  




 Aborted fetuses and chocolate chip cookies.  




 "Lol" 




 LIFE.

I did nothing to deserve this hell. 




 Good. I don't want to be the one who takes your virginity.  




 And never again will you be guilded in the next 50 years.  




 In 3rd grade i heard that the class clown got sent home for writing the f word in the boys room.  I quickly went to see what it was but it was already removed. So close. 




 Hopefully the extinction of the human race.  




 Yeah, but a machine with those specs are less than half the price you paid. And with newer processors. 

I guess my point is, it doesn't matter what you buy in regards to electronics.  In a couple years, it quickly losses its value (monetary). 




 Have you tried emailing Serato support or going on their forum?  




 Most technology losses half of its value in 1 year and are basically worthless in 2. 




 I didn't know what the "F" word was until 4th grade.  




 You neither need the apostrophe in the word "kids" nor "apostrophes." 




 And 3 in the butt 




 Good idea. Throwing ice cubes in there will keep the coffee warm. 




 If godblow is OP's screen name then daughter's name is blowgoddess? 




 Youtube doesn't have porn.  




 Well obviously my TV is not as big as the theater screen. I'm saying that the movie theater industry is suffering. Even with ticket prices double what they were a decade ago, movies still have a difficult time grossing record numbers. 




 Maybe more people are realizing that McDonald's food is garbage.  




 It might help if you include your location. $800 a month might get you far in Montana,  not so much in New York.  




 Thanks for the laugh 




 3d movies are a gimmick to try and give movie theaters a competitive advantage over in home theaters, but the theaters and movie studios are fighting a losing battle. 

I prefer to watch movies at home and my TV is plenty big. I'm sure there are many others who share my same preference. The draw of 3d and big screen is not enough for me to pay $15 to $20 bucks for a theater ticket.  




 I think it's because watching movies in theaters is a dying trend. Most people will torrent the movie or just wait until it comes out in digital format.  




 A honey badger 




 Well that escalated quickly 




 Remember, you aren't stuck in traffic; you ARE traffic.  




 Sounds like a sticky situation 




 Not a bad job but as others have mentioned. It looks a bit top heavy.  




 My dad left me when I was 4. 




 You can wear eyeliner 




 You're obviously not in the industry. 




