 My are the mods of FPH dense, as dense as their subject matter =D

Keep patting yourselves on the back.  No one else believes you did a good job steering that ship.

Keep riding the ez-karma wave that is hating on fatties.  Congratulations for "staying under the radar" for two years, this qualifies as executive level management.  In what way did the mods of FPH maintain direction of that ship, it looked a lot like hoping for the best or whatever the fuck. 




 So we didn't need comeback mechanics, go figure. 




  WE were the gods that ran the show.

Anddddddd that is what we were all waiting for.  Point stands....the mods of FPH were arrogant, narcissistic, ignorant and for the most part clowns incapable of managing the beast that was FPH.  What makes you think that mod-group had what it took to run something that big?  In what way did the moderators of FPH display a fine-course in management worthy of academic case study?  Please I'd love to hear, because FPH had no clear direction, although it's content was clearly going downhill.

 You seem to think your opinion matters at all. Not to mention WE were the ones that made it big.

And no they did't make it big, we just like to hate on fatties. FPH-mods invented this past-time.  The egos are real.

 WE were the ones who made it the best it can be.

Do you see where this is going?  These ass-hats were just patting themselves on the back for some illusory achievements.  Sense of reality and foresight were not skills that the mods possessed, therefore FPH died.  Keep pattin themselves, let's see where that gets em. 




 I cant believe no one is mentioning the game that was popular before DotA...Rival Nations! 




 Oh Reddit, shit posting on sundays at maximum! 




 Once you go black, you never go back. 




 Why is this so? 




 Use your head, that for which you think FPH was for was not always what they claimed; 2nd the point still stands the mods could not control what they were tasked to control.  Therefore, they lost that privilege.  They just weren't a capable bunch, they did their best but was mostly patting each other on the back.  FPH was for hate, but the mods just didn't know how to control it, they keep saying that it's not up to them to police outside, but they couldn't even control what was happening "within their borders."  So it matters not what you think fatlogic or FPH was for.  FPH was a safe haven until the mods failed to keep up with its evolution.  If the mods quit their ignorance/arrogance, they'd have prepared for this battle with the admins ahead of time, not kick scream like little dimwits after shit hits the fan. 
"FPH FPH FPH, we're not about we're not about hate"; but when someone calls them out for toxic behavior, they claimed it was just to shame fat acceptance; however when retorted with "it's not really a place that shames fat acceptance," they claim "it was never about such"...yea pretty elementary style of retort...nuh uh that's not what we are!! 

Yea, that bunch of mods was gonna win with that tactic....FPH was doomed with the circle of clowns running that ship.  We needed mods that knew what the fuck they were getting themselves into; I saw a lemonade stand running in more capable hands today in the neighborhood.  Those days huffing and puffing on r/all were cute though, gj mods gave everyone a good laugh for a few days, next time they shouldn't manage like a group of downies and keep their house in order. 




