 and only about 3 of them are labeled :( 




 LOL 30 is tee shirt weather in Chicago. 




 Dirty Harry is the second highest comment??? I DO want to live on this planet anymore! 




 little mac 




 the normal pink and purple ones are actually good for your tank. this one, judging by its size, is probably bad. 




 no way. call him Archie. He looks exactly like Dreiberg's ship from Watchmen. 




 fool. the problems of the third world do not affect America. capitalism is the only true religion. 




 baby got spade 




 this is false. it does it to attract nature photographers because it likes the attention. on your marks. get set. science! 




 I should put one on my life 




 I'm  lnr. I dn't lik it, but I suffr frm  ul f things tht ush m t it. I wish I uld b mr sil thrugh things lik nlin id gms, but I n't fl ttrtd t thm. 

I feel kind of bad for him. let him farm all the fake internet points he wants.

 




 You are goddamn right. 




 THATS MY FUCKING COMMENT. BlockoManWINS is my other account.  




 think of it this way. when you have no friends you can wear a cloak out in public and not have to worry what people think. honestly cloaks look warm and comfortable as fuck. 




 I don't understand why your comment is acceptable and mine is not 




 got a place near there. I will definitely be keeping my eyes peeled! 




 infiniti logo is not just a circle with a triangle missing. it's a road going off into the distance. another obvious thing that took me ages to notice. 




 yeah it just makes the contruction look shoddy. I guess that in itself is impressive though. making a p1 look shoddy. 




 forget Kate Upton they couldve had me for like $100 




 Mine used to paste himself right in the center of the front glass in my 30 cube and just chill there for hours. it drove me absolutely crazy to the point where I returned him and never bought a new one. maybe I should have just swapped instead  




 how the fuck did that cost 40 million... ELI5 




 only one Lambo? how does it make you feel better knowing there are poor people in the world? 




 student doctor here. almost definitely ebola. 




 LaLeLambro 




 ex wal mart employee is all he says 




 I can't help but wonder where he lives and what he does 




 friend I can get you mini whale. am PMing you PayPal account and please just transferring $1500 USD into it and I will send you mini whale. thank you sir. 




 changling

is that like... a Chinese baby or something? 




 spionid worm. slightly different (2 tentacles instead of a million) but they do the same thing 




 I agree. the vigilante should be doing a sick skateboard trick when he does this. now THAT would be radical. 




 guys I don't get it. you always do this. you always make jokes that you know I won't get. 




 I'm glad my life isn't so miserable that I have time to browse a subreddit I hate just so that I can leave douchey comments with my novelty account. 




 I'm gonna be reaping those benefits in about 5 years 




 red orange yellow green blue purple 




 what don't you like 




 the texture on the stoned bird is phenomenal. I am speechless 




 my bunny grew sassy eyebrows one season and then they just kind of disappeared. I wonder why it happens 




 Same thing happened to me. If you saw the black and white of the man with antlers in the forest on r/woahdude, that was mine. Not only that but the reposter was an enormous tool and people were looking at his past comments and thinking they were me. Got him IP banned in the end. 




 MY HAND IS CRAMPING MRS PUFF 




 now add mtn dew 




 they won't burst because if one bubble is compressed, instead of popping it will just flatten and eject all of its air into the surrounding bubbles. it's like a workers union all protecting each other from getting stepped on. 




 looks like someone just laid a dryer sheet over the sky 




 I'm proud of myself for gaining 30lb in 2 and a half years 




 they usually dont. this is just one of those overly liberal "fuck society I'm going to do what I want" trees. 




 my Boston does the same thing. she humps dogs three times her size and when they try to get away she growls and snaps at them. my adorable little rapist. 




 1 of the 2 cars in the picture happens to be a Bentley because Dubai 




 I'm a huge bug nerd and I am aware that orb weavers are beautiful and harmless but every time I see an argiope in the wild I shit my pants and scream like a little girl regardless. 




 (    )

 




 I dunno man youd need a LOT of cherry shrimp to fill that sucker 




 should have said "gay atheist cat" instead of "grandfather." it's more attention grabbing and equally bullshit 




 do you think they allow tours 




 forget about resealing. OP MUST stain that drawer black. studies that I invented in my head just now conclusively proove that black tank stands are where it's at. 




 yeah I don't understand why everyone is so weirded out by Carlos. he's just a chill dude who happens to have no skin or organs. it's almost racist if you think about it. 




 they are damn near impossible to catch without removing the entire rock 




 usually that only happens when the shrimp is tunneling downward and hits the bottom of the tank. they don't just randomly punch glass. if your sandbed is sufficiently deep you're fine. 




 there's nothing that's only eaten by spiders but they contribute enormously to insect population control in general and the majority of them are harmless to humans. 




 I didn't like it originally either but you have to see it in motion to appreciate its sexiness. watch some videos 




 you're not wrong 




 there's no way this car is real. it's too beautiful. definitely just an urban legend. 




 all jokes aside, earth would be a nightmare without spiders. just a giant writhing mass of flies, mosquitoes, and every other insect you hate. 




 nopeologist here. can confirm 




 you could probably throw a whale shark or two in there if you did regular water changes 




 fuck I miss Belize 




 well maybe if he had brought a science vessel or obs he would have been more prepared 




 an Easter egg from 1994 that was never found. inside is a fossilized peep. equip it as armor 




 this is one of the best looking *cars* I've ever seen. so well done. I want to take a pointy boobed girl to the drive in theater in that bad boy. 




 I made a sticky and sparten did a self post. everyone who bothered to respond liked it. 




 can confirm. One of those was me. 




 I'm not saying what he did was ok but you literally cannot mention his name now without an army of self righteous fucks suddenly pretending that they are above being upset about this. he was the carpet in the Big Lebowski. he held the show together which is why he did all the celebrity interviews. we are all sad that top gear as we know it is gone and it's oh so reassuring to me that people are so quick to demonize someone that they loved for so long. I'm done arguing about this. 




 so ALL those years of entertainment he gave you mean nothing because he made one mistake. because you're perfect and have never made a mistake. got it. 




 how about next time you leave constructive criticism instead of being passive aggresive 




 with the new hellcat and Ford's current performance lineup they're going to have to do something crazy to keep up. if there was ever a time for mid engine it's now. 




 I saw one in army green on Monday and it was stunning. I swear you could paint this car dog shit beige and it would still raise my pulse. 




 hopefully they set a precedent for  taking wild concept cars and turning them into production cars 




 how is this the top comment? do you go to a funeral and say "oh that guy was a tool anyway." we all know what happened. show some fucking respect for all he gave us. 




 I could see aquaman driving that 




 it was from a  post about sports so manly that they aren't in the Olympics or something. the guy is standing on a plank of wood being pulled by a 2 cowpower engine through some mud. the Scottish tree throwing thing was in there too. 




 in thinking of their imitation of the facial expression of peugeot driver and giggling in class 




 the Bolivia one was amazing. as was India. and all the other ones 




 this one must have been spun at a *record breaking* speed HAHAHHA RIGHT GUYS 




 mine are always so fragile. how do you make it stronger 




 yeah with creepy statues and like... poems carved into trees. would be so cool 




 there are a couple issues with the font. text fields for submitting posts and the drop-down menu for "my subreddits" are too light so the font is hard to see. if I post the code will someone take a look at it? 









 I want to see it NOW 




 a snowy owl! 




 no more tears. only dreams now 




 this was posted 6 minutes after hoser 




 some say he will die if Jeremy Clarksons contract is not renewed. You want that on your conscience BBC? 




 I-L-L 




 yes we already know 




 prof be clownin 




 what does a Bostonian call a deer with no eyes* 




 OP reported this from a 7th graders AIM buddy profile 




 Check out our new chilled down design by /u/spart3n117! Someone should totally give him gold ( -  ). In other news, I changed the spam filter to "low" so hopefully those of you getting censored will be fine now. 




 you got a hat trick! 




 the alligator in the tree is fucking with me 




 I thought exactly the same thing and I'm not feelin it 




 the beetle is a little heavier but the new interiors are amazing. I vastly prefer it to the gti. they are equally fun to drive though 




 I'm gonna need that in smoke grey with white stripes 




 maybe it's the "mikes secret stuff" effect. the power was in YOU the whole time.


time keeps on slippin slippin slippin

into the future 




 no I think it actually looks great if you like early 90s restaurant carpet designs. 









 I didn't even know that happened! SO COOL 




 I had a snowflake moray named Boogers. after those little yellow snotties they have on their nostrils. the name suited him so well he was such a clown. 




 :-* kissy face 




 you can lie to the world but you can't lie to yourself 




 not me I'm a pretty nice guy right? 




 this guy is a karma farm. he's just a new GallowBoob. motherfucker is all over /new just reposting shit. 




 I tried to do that to mine and hed pee in the litter box but then hed perk his ears and launch himelf out, kicking litter everywhere, and sprint up to my roommates door where hed leave a pile of poo and just lay. I think he was just a jerk. 




 I watched a couple of them and he is extremely annoying. everything he says is redundant. it's a shame because I really like the videos otherwise 




 aw you jerks I just saw this today and was going to post it 




