




 Only the juciest survive
 









 I DONT KNOW 




 I TOTALLY KNOW WHAT IM DOING
 




 I DONT KNOW 




 I got nothin! 




 Fuck those periwinkle feet 




 Aww I just wanna lurk 




 I took a 4000 level intro to neuroscience class last semester and it blew my mind. What defines 'you', your personality, inhibitions, vocabulary and memory is in fact tangible and malleable. [Phineas Gage] (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phineas_Gage) is a, perhaps THE example of this . I was just wondering what study or patient has surprised you the most?

 




 Actually it's not all that hard anymore. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Induced_pluripotent_stem_cells

Here's a slide from my cell and tissue engineering class that shows how we do this: http://i.imgur.com/qyJw0iD.jpg 




 Actually it is the only time I really ever get laid if I don't have a girlfriend at the time... 




 Alright I've seen summer heights high and it was fucking hilarious I'll check those out. I have so many shows to watch now soooo glad I found this subreddit y 




 Nope haven't seen it I'll have to check it out 




 Love archer, I'll have to check out the other two. Appreciate it 




 Already on season 3 haha loving this show thanks! 




 Nature already tries to kill you at every turn in Australia, the last thing we need are mutant drop bears gnawing your nuts off every time you walk underneath a tree man! 









 Yeah mental illness scares the fuck out of me, I read a story here from a paramedic send to a girls house by her mother because she was having an episode again.

He walked into the house and found the girl sitting by herself in the living room. Apparently as he walked in she stared at him for about 30 seconds and that stood up completely inhuman way that he said looked like something a human could never do. She then said something along the lines of I am the devil incarnate. She then held her hand up in way it seemed like she was holding something and said to him I Hold here the key to enter the gates of hell and walked up to him.
He has absolutely no belief in the supernatural and he still said it was the scariest thing that has ever happened to him and it still freaks him the fuck out to this day. 




 So say the main character of this game is a paranoid schizophrenic. For example maybe he is the only person in this world to have telekinesis or something along these lines and despite his mental illness he has to overcome it to save the world. You would have to deal with that, all along dealing with things like hearing voices, hallucinations and other paranoid schizophrenic presents. You wouldn't be able to tell what was real and what wasn't although maybe there would be a subtle ability to recognize a pattern to get to the bottom of this. The game would be a total mind fuck but it would be really interesting to deal with problems and eye opening for people who don't know much about this disease 




 I think you should reread my post man. Dont think you fully understood it 




 Love workaholics I'll have to check the other two out. Appreciate it 




 So recently I've been on a huge comedy kick and I'm looking for more shows to keep this bender going. I love seinfeld and curb, WLIIA, scrubs, seasons 2-12 of the Simpsons, Aqua Teen Hunger Force, Metalocalypse, squidbillies, superjail, venture bros, and a ton more there's no need to list. As you can see my tastes are really diverse and I'm open to anything, recommend me a hilarious new show and you won't regret it. 

I also love british humor  




 Would that entertain you for eternity though or would you eventually get tired of it? I remember in the movie trainspotting they described the the feeling of shooting up heroin as far better than any orgasm you will ever have. This would be the exact same thing everyday and it just makes me wonder would you eventually get bored of pure bliss? 




 I always thought if I was groundhog dayed I would try a bunch of crazy drugs I would never try otherwise. I specifically thought of H, I've dabbled in opiates, even took OCs a couple times but never tried heroin. But in your predicament, you might as well make the best of it.


There are no downsides, you can't OD, you can't build up a tolerance, no money worries, etc. So I was wondering from people who have tried this, would doing heroin all day everyday make you feel good enough that you wouldn't mind being stuck in one day over and over again for an unimaginable amount of time? I think the writers of groundhog day said Bill Murray spent about 9000 years in his day. 


Of course psychedelics would be really fucking interesting too and many other drugs would be a lot of fun but I have a feeling that it'd be kinda hard to find those in Puxatony. 




 10,000 trillion 




 Hmmm I wonder this every time I see you post and I need to get to the bottom of it. Any idea why I have you tagged as DOG FUCKER WOOF WOOF on RES? 




 Dammit it actually is ya monkey bastard 




 I agree I thought it was amazing, no clue why Snowtokia thought it was sloppy. Maybe he didn't realize when he hit the table it was intentional? 




 He's entitled to his opinion without beinga glass rubbing master ya know... 




 Yeah, maybe they are widely used I'd just never seen em before so I thought I'd help confused people like me out 




 I'll do my best to explain a 4D cube(hypercube). First we'll relate the 2nd and 3rd dimensions because it is much easier to comprehend. We begin with a 2D square, this is simple enough it exists in only the x and y planes. To get a 3D cube from a square, we draw another square with the same x and y coordinates but change the z coordinate. Now you have two squares, one above the other, and you can simply connect all the vertices to form a cube.

A cube exists in the x, y and z planes which intersect at 90 degree angles with each other. To get to the fourth dimension we need to add another plane which still intersects with the x, y and z plane at a 90 degree angle. I personally can't imagine what this looks like, I'm not sure if it's even possible for us to comprehend it, but mathematically it is possible. Lets call this fourth dimension w for simplicity's sake. A hypercube is simply two cubes with the same x, y and z coordinates, separated in the w direction, and connected at the vertices. Mathematically simple to describe, but a bitch to imagine.  




 I think common sense predicts that 




 It would probably be well before that actually... 




 DUH 




 Yeah I've thought about what a 4D object would be like quite a bit. The 4th dimension would be a direction that is perpendicular to the up and down, left and right, and away and towards directions(x, y, and z). A 4D creature observing us would be able to see all sides of us along with everything inside of us all at once. 

If, say a 4D sphere were to pass through our world, to us it would look like a small sphere that appears out of nowhere and could even hang in midair, gradually gets bigger until it reaches a maximum size and then shrinks and disappears. The easiest way I've found to even kind of understand is to imagine us observing/interacting with a 2D world and kind extrapolate what it would be like to the interactions between a 4D world and a 3D world. 

Carl Sagan has a great video I'm sure you can find on youtube where he explains the 4th dimensions with the poetic yet scientific style he was famous for.  




 I always thought those were called hyper-cubes... but yeah thats four spacial dimensions. I have no idea what the fuck three time demensions would be like.

One spacial dimension is easy enough to imagine however but it's hard to even think of time as a dimension, how the hell can you have 3D time? Such a mind fuck  




 Here's what NASA has to say about it. Still not much explaination though

http://www.nasa.gov/centers/kennedy/about/information/science_faq.html#36 




 One of the reasons I posted this is I was hoping someone could explain it. Although I doubt it's possible for our brains to comprehend three time dimensions, it's hard enough trying to imagine a fourth spacial dimension. 




 Yeah I know right, I definitely can comprehend this it's so simple and intuitive! 









 Here's a picture of these crabs:

http://i.imgur.com/8HMK76D.jpg 









 One good topic is how good at parallel parking I am. Always a great conversation starter 




 I'm about to be 23 years old and I've been depressed since about 14 or 15. At first I really had no reason to be depressed, I had a good group of friends, was part of the "popular" crowd, like that matters. I think what really kicked it off for me was getting pretty bad acne for most of high school. It hurt my self esteem and I don't think I've ever really recovered.

I am seeing a psychiatrist and am on lexapro and klonopin for anxiety. The depression is really just killing my work ethic which mean I'm struggling in school and lately I feel I've been even withdrawing from my friends here in college. I dread being awake and sleep way too much. Here is a little something I wrote while I was feeling really bad that I think outlines how I feel every day.



Suddenly, unexpectedly consciousness returned with a forceful jolt. Whatever he was dreaming, it was long gone to him now, it shattered like a glass dropping from a great height. He could feel a cold sweat encasing his body and threw off the blankets. It all quickly came back to him and, just like every morning, he wished it hadnt. The inanity, the despondence, the overwhelming feeling of dread accompanying each day, he could not imagine life without it. His only solace was that he could feel himself becoming more and more numb to it each morning. Maybe someday he would wake up and it wouldnt bother him anymore, maybe someday this would become normal for him, but today was not that day.

I was just wondering if you could give me any advice on how to get out of this tailspin. The only time I'm happy is when I am seeing a girl and I have been broken up with twice probably due to my depression. I just want to feel motivated and normal again. 




 But it would make your blood flow stronger because the blood vessels have less room to expand, lowering blood pressure.  




 Just wanted to let you know runny nose is the correct term 




 "Wir brauchen eier" -  Oliver Khan 









 7g's is a ton. I took 2 my first time and had a blast and have taken 4 before. While I still had a blast, I also kind of lost my mind on 4. Can't even imagine how 7 would feel. 




 A dentist told me once those picks don't really work. When you floss you're supposed to use a different part of the string for each tooth. You can't do that with these so you end up basically spreading more bacteria around your mouth than getting actual cleaning done. 




 That sounds shitty dude, your friends kind of seem like assholes... maybe you learned that from this experience? 




 It's _Taco duh 




 Der Spiegel? 




 The surface of the earth has no edge either if you think about it in only two dimensions. I picture the universe similar to that, but in three dimensions. A bit of an oversimplification I think but it helps me understand. 














 He is TiR and is addicted to karma. Compare this http://www.karmawhores.net/user/trapped_in_reddit to this http://www.karmawhores.net/user/AlphaRedditor. The exact day where TiR's karma flattens alpharedditor's starts sky rocketing. June 19th.

Honestly I don't believe this at all and I bet he searched google news for something this fucked up happening knowing he would get called out about it. 

 




 I agree our birth year is pretty great but the 2000 kids have it even easier. It's too bad a hell of a lot of them have fucked my mom according to xbox live, she's a nice lady! 




 Just tell your doctor about your fear of flying. He/she will give you enough xanax to curb your anxiety completely anytime you have to fly and you will not have a worry in the world. I suffer from severe anxiety myself and it works wonders.
 




 I agree, tell your doctor about your fear of flying. He/she will give you enough xanax to curb your anxiety completely anytime you have to fly and you will not have a worry in the world. I suffer from severe anxiety myself and it works wonders. 




 Maybe, and this is a long shot, he was mad cause he wants to watch the show and doesn't know what it was called. 

Hmmm food for thought 




 Happpened to me too man. Luckily mine was more of a hard graze of the balls so I was able to mask my pain while she kept riding me and I pretended nothing happened while crying and laughing on the inside at how retarded I am. 

She never noticed anything was amiss but I think I may have told her the story afterwards at some point cause you gotta admit, it's pretty damn funny. 




 Just posting this to make sure I remember to do this. Fucking amazing idea and I'm suffering from pretty severe depression and I feel this could be beneficial.

I tend to self medicatee with drugs and alcohol so I've gotta make sure I dont right down "I got really fucked out on opiates" or something like that. 




 Possibly the most heart wrenching episode of the entire series, hope you didn't ruin it for anyone. 




 I agree with 1 100% but I think you are vastly generalizing the police based on a minority of shitty cops... 




 Enjoy your orangered I do this exact same thing as well... probably why I mostly lurk 




 Ahh the old days when the history channel wasnt all aliens and ax men 




 Maybe I'm a bit odd but honestly fake rape/hardcore bondage turn me on. Not too much so that its the only type of porn I watch, but I'll throw it in rotation every now and then.

No idea why I like it and it disgusts me in real life or if its real but I guess it's the whole domination/power thing. When im having sex with I'll get into dirty talk a bit like "you've been such a naughty girl" etc... Wow that sounds fucking lame typed out but I think the whole exchange is fairly normal. I may be just jaded by porn so someone please let me know if this is odd or I am fucked up freak. 




 ITS COMING SOON I CANT WAIT 




 I got your back big guy 




 I agree the fact that he grouped both acid and ecstasy with meth just makes absolutely no sense... I probably thought similarly when I was like 16 but that was 7 years and a few trips ago.

Don't get me wrong they're not healthy for you by any means, ecstasy more so than acid, but they're definitely not meth. 




 Sounds like you really don't know much about drugs at all. Anyone who has any sense would tell you coke is a much worse drug than acid... care to explain your reasoning? 




 I agree about time for me to take off if you know what I mean ;) 




 GIRL LOOK AT THAT BODY 




 We can only hope 




 Hope you had fun writing that cause I'm sure as hell not going to read it. 




 Good rule yourself buddy. 

Also yes I realize the irony(probably not quite the right word but I can't think of anything better) of this post. 




 Get better friends 




 Congratulations! I can't really relate, I've been blessed with a really fast metabolism but I'm sure that will slow down as I get older(only 22 now). 

Right now, I can basically eat anything I want, be completely sedentary and not gain any weight whatsoever. Add the fact that unless I'm eating one of the few foods I absolutely love, I see eating more as an inconvenience than anything and you get my 6' 135 lbs self. 

Opposite ends of the spectrum I guess, I can definitely feel the physical effects of being slightly underweight but I still consider myself very lucky.

PS you speak English better than half of the native speakers here.
 









 Well yeah, I wouldn't say it to someone I just met or am just acquaintances with but with my girlfriend or other girls I'm decent friends with I am sure I'm not offending anyone. Maybe it's just my personality but it's very obvious I'm joking as I'm usually a very nice and pleasant person.

Also it's not like I do this all the time or even very often at all. 




 Have you ever posted anything that wasn't a personal attack or racial/sexual slur? Why the fuck would you keep posting with -785 karma? People here seem to despise you.... for good reason too. You have no room to comment on the content of anyone else's posts. 

Keep up the good work 




 Cunt is much much worse than ho. You can get away with saying ho jokingly to a friend but not so much with cunt 




 Mmmm my roommate once acquired an entire box of Zax's sauce from his girlfriend whose mom worked at Zaxbys. We put that shit on everything, damn that was a good couple months  




 A sample size of one is pretty small... 




 Heres a really fucking stupid post but its ok give me upvotes my username is I_POST_FUCKING_STUPID_THINGS 









 UPBOAT TO YOU GOOD SIR. UPBOAT INDEED 




 No idea how I got the names mixed up but imagining Ron Swanson saying this made me laugh. 




 Here's a playlist for anyone who wants to give the entire CD a listen. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DkWn69VBslw feature=BFa list=PL83A397D8FA076174 lf=results_main 




 Who the fuck told you not to bother studying?  









 "You can do whatever you set your mind to." 

Fuck that even if worked my ass of every day off my life I could never be a pro football player or a model or a black man... 




 It's 2018? 




 "I think it's possible that..." would have been a better word choice in my opinion. Theory kind of implies you can back up this claim, at least in ask science 




 She is getting tried as an adult so this stuff will be on her record forever. As hard as it is though, I guess I just have to let her fuck up her own her and hopefully learn from her mistakes 




 On a scale of 1 to david hasslehoff what's the drunkest you've ever been?
Any interesting/embarassing stories come out of that? 




 Rate oprah's sexiness on a scale of one to yellow 




 Biggest no homo man crush? 




 What is a typical friday night like for the James Batman Kimmel? 




 Describe in detail your first gay thought 




 [http://twitter.com/#!/jimmykimmel
](http://twitter.com/#!/jimmykimmel) 




 Ok, ProbablyHittingOnYou, sure... 




 But TV tropes says it's ok! 

http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/AcceptableEthnicTargets and ctrl-f for gyspies. 




 WHAT THE DICK 




 Are you are jumping to conclusions like that dude from office space. I take responsibility for my actions as you can see in this thread but fuck you 




 Yep this was a huge wake up call for me why are fucking biological urges to reproduce so strong it's not fair 




