 Brilliant 




 Time to face the facts 




 Frazbear's Freight... look out for the Freddy train! 




 You've got me beat, dangit 




 School film contest 




 Noope 




 Nope 




 There's a link to merchandise on the right side of your page under "The Community" 




 It's Mr. Potato Head, Iron Man version, a.k.a Tony Starch 




 Play it on mobile and don't use headphones, it's less scary 




 That's a good point.  Do we know if anyone is possessing the suit? 




 Freddy Fazbear's Pizza does birthdays!  Reserve the party room! 




 I think "Freddy's: The Ride" would be awesome 









 wut 




 Yeah, Jaws also comes to mind as a good example.  Or some scenes in Close Encounters of the Third Kind. 




 I would be super tempted to eat it

And then you would have to send me another 




 It is about murderous animatronics but one of the reasons why it's so successful is no blood or violence is explicitly presented.   

In this article he talks about trying to keep it "relatively clean with no blood or guts" http://www.geeksundergrace.com/gaming/developer-spotlight-scott-cawthon/

This reserved approach to horror is rarely seen but super effective, I mean the only comparison I could think of is Alfred Hitchcock (who was Catholic) who made thrillers like Psycho and the Birds 




 What happened to just calling him Golden Bonny? 




 School in LA 




 I never noticed Bonny in/on the arcade machine before 









 Nobody is from California? 




 Here's my story chart http://i.imgur.com/pOG1NNi.jpg 














 What if the character can't go through the vents unless you forget to keep the ventilation systems online? 




 Well here it is in another song 20 years older https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEibygqqLZc 




 Best thing I've seen all day 




 The chord is a sample from "I Love You More" by George Duke 




 I'm a big fan (no, not like the one on the desk) and I've beat night 6 in both games.  However, none of my friends want to play it; they are either too scared or don't understand the concept.  How do you share this game with people?  What are your experiences with this? 




 Just beat it yesterday!  You can do it, the custom nights are worth it.  Wind up the box 4 twists at a time and shine the light for Foxy, those are the tips that helped me finish it 




 Why not just draw one card and use the color on that one to dictate 1-10 vs 11-20?  So you'd only need 4 cards 




 The cameras are definitely going to be in the game. 




 Yeah I did but the way you said that makes me think I didn't 




 Yeah but I don't use it very often 














 Love that new pain job 




 I'd like to think this is what the peeps are thinking in Roller Coaster Tycoon or Sim City 




 Gosh darn it 




 Three entrances, sorry. 




 Just noticed that in FNAF 1, there are 2 doors in your office.  In FNAF 2, there are 3 doors.  In FNAF 3, there is only one apparent door.  Chronologically, Scott is counting down 3, 2, 1... 
























 Made it myself, took me forever to figure out how to make a gif out of it 




