 Oh my gawd yes. "Hey, are you even listening to me?" **Sheeeing!!!** 




 Quentin Tarantino- A film without references. 




 This is the end. 




 Repo men 




 American Psycho....maybe ;) 




 I still listen/ watch double toasted and rageselect. We need to stick together. I miss spill. 




 The original star wars, it helps that it follows the hero's journey format.

Also, skyfall. When it came out I saw a post highlighting that the cinematography is mirrored within the movie. 




 John Carter



The Lone Ranger





Green lantern 




 




 I can't call it for you, it wouldn't be fair. 




 I like it, it's not bad. 




 Texas chainsaw massacre created the slasher film as we now know it. 




 Yes, I think so. A performance is what ends up on screen, regardless of how it is reached. 




 It was in the original script. I think diamonds or jewelery. Tarantino decided not to use it since reservoir dogs already had a suitcase full of jewelery. 




 Law abiding citizen. 




 It is important as an actor to convey a real performance.


In this case the director took it upon himself to force a genuine performance out of his performers. A bad director would do this right off the bat without allowing the actors a few takes first but this is a proactive method in my opinion. It shouldn't go too far to the point of abuse, such as Hitchcock on the birds or Kubrick on the shining. 




 Yeah, I'm going to bring you something, alright. I decided to make you a special project of mine. You ain't going have to come looking for me at all.  




 You must've seen the American version. 




 Where's the last man? 




 Up in the air? The terminal? Dog day afternoon? 




 Would you hold still, please sir? 




 I am serious, and don't call me Shirley. 




 You don't know what you're talking about. 




 BING-O! 




 Le professional. 




 Me too, please add a tardis. 




 Recognize the actress or any other details? 




 Best:Raging bull
   

Worst: Hide and seek 




 1) the bag wasn't a threat to her, the mercenaries were. A bag is just a bag.


2) that rooftop was teeming with hostiles, she was probably finishing them off.


3)true lies, when (this woman) drops the Uzi and it kills all the terrorists. It's funny and I get the point but it still doesn't make sense.


Edit: Jamie lee curtis 




 Basically, any movie with a bad guy, namely the Joker. 




 Talia al guhl. 




 Dark City. 




 Schindlers list


Shawshank redemption


Saving Private Ryan 



Pulp fiction




Citizen Kane





Rebecca





Alien





Skyfall






Goodfellas






Memento





City of God






Cloverfield




The Wizard of Oz 





The Lord of the rings trilogy





The sting





A streetcar named desire






The man who shot liberty Vance





The Godfather 1   2





No country for old men 




 In the U.S. Edge of tomorrow hasn't come out and won't until June 6th. If you have a good sense of humor in line with family guy you might enjoy AMWTDITW if not then go with edge of tomorrow. (Beware, tom cruise runs a lot) 




 Will Ferrell- Everything must go. 




 Equilibrium  




 James Cameron's Avatar....it's pretty and that's it. 




 Bill. 




 Maybe you guys can't hear anymore. 




 Mark Wahlberg. 




 upvoted CP. 




 Breach? 




 Most movies I never revisit. I might re watch a movie either because it's good (District 9) or to give it another shot at the behest of others (Napoleon Dynamite) or just old favorites (Jurassic Park). If I watch a film at the movies it's usually just the 1 time. 




 I would love this cast...if it were another film. Why have I never heard of this movie?! 




 Maybe I'm in the minority but subtle product placement is good IMO, it can help immerse the audience. I'm taken out of movies when two characters are talking and one stops to drink "soda pop". Just drink coke or Pepsi like a real person please. 




 Lol. 




 How does he look like W.W.? 




 Wow. I'm lost.  




 It could be that they had the boy, it could be fixed with a line of dialogue. That is, if they want to bring him back. 




 Azazel? 




 Jack as Joker. He brought the comical psychopath to life. 




 I would like a superhero movie about a new, original superhero. Or maybe just a sequel to chronicle. 




 Ha ha ha 




 Oldboy. 




 It's nearly a shot for shot remake. Personally, I prefer REC because since the lead is not recognizable it is much easier to be immersed. Also I'd highly recommend REC 2 for being a creative follow up film. Have not seen Quarantine 2. 




 Yup, When he came on screen I almost yelled out "Godzilla isn't a threat, I AM THE DANGER!" 




 Tom Cruise is a movie star. Other than in movies where his characters name is the title (Jerry McGuire, Jack Reacher) it can be very hard to name his roles. 


An actor is an artist who would prefer you know them by their roles. Kevin Spacey is one such artist. He IS Frank Underwood. Kevin Spacey has made it a habit to stay out of the spotlight in order to better blend into his characters from the audiences' perspective. 




 Well you're concerned with the "branding" of the channel to make it more popular. I'm asking why no new videos? There are 3 up at the moment and I'm curious as to why? 




 I think a "Jury of your peers" is an obsolete practice and there are so many ways to manipulate these individuals.  









 I'm subscribed to it and since I frequently use YouTube I see it in my subscriptions lists.  




 I believe we were promised 2 videos a week. What's the issue? Are folks not sending in their rescues? Is there no time to edit and reformat the videos? What's up guys? 




 Dunno about Casey but definitely Jessica. 




 The following (season) takes place between 1:00 PM and 1:01 PM.


Events occur in frozen time. 




 Like that futurama episode. 




 ...and there's the mental image. 




 The Butterfly Effect. Let's have our main character abort himself. 




 In Kill Bill Vol. 1, Beatrix is in the kitchen talking to Vivica fox's character about when she could call it square between them. Una Thurman actually makes a square shape in the air when she says this, my guess is its a call back to her pulp fiction Mia Wallace character. 




 It's an awkward season, especially knowing what was happening behind the scenes. It's difficult to find laughs in that season. Also season 5 was funny with Harmon back but was tough to watch at points with the departure of two cast members. 




 Nolan. 




 Ah, yes. You're right, I go back and forth so much it just sort of melds together. I'll be more wary next time. 




 The first Harry Potter or Lord of the rings(fellowship). 




 No there wasn't but the writers thought it would be a good idea to imply that Debra was in love with Dexter. Gross. 




 Dexter: incest. ;( 




 Not a difficult movie to follow. 




 Also the game won't be out for a while, a lot can change and be rendered and tweaked between now and release. 




 Long live the king in the north!  




 This sounds like information overload, so much to catch up on can be overwhelming and terrifying. 




 I would prefer a man-woman pairing with the man being jaded and cynical and the woman young and idealistic. An added bonus would be if he's a sexist but really good at his job, kinda like Dr. House. I am personally a bit tired of the rural setting so either a big city or a snowy locale. Both of these places can foster feelings of isolation. I think the villain should be an active serial killer who makes it a point to contact the police. Also, a twist would be nice but not that one of the detectives is the killer (lazy writing).

Edit: also we need more tracking shots. 




 Moon 




 [Fight Club](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aaYzAkS_gRc t=4m27s) 




 I'm sensing you're a bit of a bitch. 




 :) 




 I'll [drop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_HuFuKiq8U) it here then. 




 District 9. It's important to find films that unite the two genres, romance and Sci-Fi. 


The fountain is very good as well. 




 Danny and Sandy (Grease)


Joel and Clementine (ESotSM)



Also any teen movie, romance just isn't like that anymore.


On the plus side there's always the ones that probably do stay together.


David and Elise (The Adjustment Bureau)



Ron and Hermoine (Harry potter series)



 




 I won't go that far but for me about halfway through i found myself talking to the screen. 


"Um, Superman, you're killing an awful lot of folks. er, ok. Wait, what? why are you upset that you [Spoilers-](#s "killed General Zod, you killed like at least 2,000 people")." 




 but you can replicate parts again and again to make a new ship or fix the part that broke. 




 well if it can replicate objects from the past, i could definitely see them fixing the ship...you know if they stop being girls about it. 




 But if the key is outside, it shouldn't be recreated. 




 Can't get much more elaborate than primer. 




 Was he peeing on the sandwich? or does he...pee sandwiches? 




 The ending was "underwhelmingly optimistic." That's how I'd describe it. 




 yeah, i did that intentionally, i feel silly for some reason. 




 Dude. spoilers. 




 Money talks?



From the wiki page: " In the meantime, Russell manages to escape from Villard's men, after placing several un-pinned grenades beneath his helicopter, ready to detonate if he tries to take off." 




 Yeah that movie is just a character study of a mentally ill individual.  




 Gravity 




 Also the how to train your dragon tattoo trilogy. 




 You want [chills](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCTgUq6hzUk)? 




 you're not from america, are you?
 




 Oldboy


I saw the devil



Amelie 




 




 What did you just do?


[Confused] I just put in one bullet, didn't I?


You put a live round in that gun?


Well yeah, there was like an 8% chance.


Eight? Who taught you math! 




 than 




 Troy

Pirates of the Caribbean films  




 The lion king


The road



(I have daddy issues)



Mystic River




Leaving Las Vegas




Up





Dallas Buyers Club



Brokeback Mountain




I saw the devil





I am legend





Saving Private Ryan





Gravity





Boys in the hood





The sixth sense






Citizen Kane




Children of Men




I can think of at least one scene in these that have made me cry. I know you said no love movies but I could not stop crying in Time travelers wife.
 




 If you're a fan of the first two, the 5th is a step in the right direction. 




 Final Destination 5. Only at the end though. 




 This one made me laugh. 




 It's darker when you know what the German soldier says: "Give up, you don't stand a chance! Let's end this here! It will be easier for you, much easier. You'll see it will be over quickly." 




