 What girls? As friends? He's like definitely gay. As in homo-sexual.  




 omg i must have this 




 gorgeous 




 OMG I NEED THESE. CAN SOMEBODY PLEASE OOK ME UP WITH A TORRENT OR SOMETHING. THIS IS THE BEST THING EVER AND 100% BETTER THAN THE NETFLIX VERSION. TAKE NOTE NETFLIX RE-EDIT IT.  




 WHAT THE FUCK 




 His eyes are so dead. I'm sad for him. He knows he officially sold his soul with this one.  




 I used to watch Nickelodeon everyday from maybe 4 - 12 (maybe 11)... WTF happened.  




 WHERE DO I BUY THIS?!?!?!! 




 freaky ass shit.  




 This should be illegal.  




 Is there a TShurt? 




 College.  




 Why? 




 SUCH PRETTY COLORS 




 his sex tape was released himself HELLO 




 I don't care for P-Hound.  




 I loved the living shit out of this movie when I was 8. Haven't seen it in forever, wonder if I'll still like it.  




 So far, INCREDIBLE. Like... I really don't know what it is but I've laughed more in this first episode than I laughed the entire 15 episodes I watched on Netflix. A few of the edits are a little jarring in a way, but not so much so. LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE IT. Wish this could be the way they delivered it. Thank you so much!!!!!! 




 SOOOOOO CUTE!!!!!!!!! 




 I hope she's on All Stars 2... :D 


Oh the shade of it all! 




 In other news, who agrees with Ru? Did always really need to be in all capitals? Is it ALWAYS, Ru? Always? I can't really tell. Wanna know what y'all think.  




 What'd Amanda say? 




 Edged n came... Kinda fell off the bandwagon then back on and off... On a good streak right now... Really not planning on relapsing this time. Feels just like when I went on my first thirty day streak. Hopefully I can make it to 50 days this time. 




 At first I thought it was QWOP holding a hammer.  




 Love. 




 I hope someday a studio like them or they themselves will make amazing games like they did.  




 ugh.... i love these movies.... really want more even if they blow.  




 Holy shit bro. I'm inspired.  




 They could do it Kill Bill style and Johnny wakes up from a coma. Lisa, guilt ridden decides to go back to Johnny who is happy because Lisa is the love of his life. She then gets sick of him again and starts more crazy bullshit leading to... Another tragedy... 

Or Greg n Lisa have to raise Denny to honor the memory of Johnny. Tommy could play a different character with some prosthetics and not be Johnny. We need more Tommy nudity though.  




 Sad but true. I think focusing on only a few characters at a time killed it.  




 Am I the only one who might give this a shot? Some of the shots were beautiful. All the nudity is a bit jarring and the director seems to be a provocateur but it definitely looked like it had some potential.  




 I was dissapointed :( I wanted to see a faces of meth person doing duckface. :(:(:(:( 




 what game is this? 




 I think we need to call Maury in for this one.  




 Funniest boobs ever. 




 ..but... they have to be trolling right? i mean... they were paying homage to Friday right??? RIGHT???? 




 Wow. Worst analogy EVER. I'd consider sex with someone you love as a good restaurant and fast food as hooker sex. But still I'm not making the example. I find sex with prostitutes is always unfulfilling, whereas sex with a consensual partner is the best thing ever.  




 You sir are an inspiration. What has been the biggest change you've notice about yourself? What do you think is the best thing NoFap has brought you? What advice to you have to those who have time struggling with their addiction and wonder why should I keep going? How do / did you make it through those particularly difficult days... Have you almost ever lost out edging?  




 Have you remained a virgin by choice or what do you think it is? Confidence, looks, no time, religion...? 600 days on hard mode. Wow. I salute you, good sir.  




 Edging becomes addictive and its what lead me to relapse today after 35 days. Its good you didnt orgasm but don't edge either. 




 After 35 days... Kinda pissed... But at the same time... Astonished. 

Pros: 

-Proud I made it this far. 

-Biggest cum shot and amount of cum I've ever had and I was in astonishment that I could actually cum that much and was soo happy, it was almost worth the relapse for me. 

-I jacked it one more time about 30 minutes later just to see if the cum shot would be as impressive and it was exactly like the first. I used to shoot blanks all day everyday.. Now I had like 5 table spoons worth. I had to change my clothes and shower. Kind of amazing. 

Cons:

-Kinda sad and lethargic... Wish I could have kept it going. 

-Gotta reset my badge and instead of being 55 days away from 90 I'm now 90 days away from 90... 

I'm starting up again because I can already feel the energy depletion from those two jerkin seshes but whatever. I made it super far once already, it was fun and a BIG learning experience. Definitely don't want to be a PMO'er, but 35 days is a freakin long time and a great start. I've lost 25 pounds since I started NoFap, and I'm starting up again right now because when I'm not masterbating I'm doing more productive things so I just wanted to put this all on here to keep myself honest and accountable. Wish you all the best of luck! 




 Truer words have never been typed. 




 Thanks :) 




 On shrooms I saw the devil's face over my face and it freaked me the fuck out.  




 FUCK YA 




 Napoleon Hill's been dead forever.... Love TNGR n have tried to master my sexual beast ever since reading it. NoFap has helped so much. 




 If she'll be here in lets say 30 days (or hopefully more)... Why not wait out till then...  




 What's the difference between hard mode and easy mode?  




 Awww... This made me a little sad but the thing is, a lot of guys are in different boats. Some guys have girlfriends already, some guys are really good looking, some guys are not, some guys want to stop fapping for more confidence, some guys want to stop fapping for religious reasons, some guys want to stop fapping just because it's a waste of time, some guys want to stop fapping because they think it will help them get with girls. I'm not going to say which boat I'm in because I don't want anybody to think that this is another self ego stroking post as some of the posts in this subreddit are, but I will say I have seen good things happen in my life in the past 27 days of nofap and I consider nofap a major reason for so.  




 Holy shit.... 









 Yeah... I just fooled around for three hours n have several dates lined up this week... Kinda crazy how this first date ended with kissing which led to groping which led to dry humping, mutual head giving n constant kissing. I've never had an experience like this before. I had to share with you guys how natural and easy everything felt... And because we didnt have pentrative sex i said I'd rather have more dates n get to know eachother better so we dont ruin our relationship early by just hooking up. We got clothed n I didn't cum. I feel great n know I can do even better... Yayyyyy for NoFap.

Edit: sorry the title is stupid... If a mod could change it to 'not even thirty days in...'... Thanks :) 




 I survived.... Feeling less horny n actually have two dates next week..... 




 This is the horniest slash desperate I've ever been. I need some support guys... I'm on the edge.  




 SWEET BROWN ISN'T A 2012 THING. SWEET BROWN IS A FOREVER THING.  




 No, you lost to yourself. 

 




 Proud of you bro. 




 Now kiss! 




 10/10 would cringe again 




 *Jealous*

Thanks for more inspiration! 




 WILLAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 




 So true. 




 Things that give me hope: straight guys who love RuPaul's Drag Race. 




 Bad tattoo but I still love it omg 




 This is a good little slave....


Also imagine what princess Mandy actually makes him do. She probably beats the shit out of him and makes him roll around in his own feces. This is a slave fetish. 




 Fake, look at the poster names. 




 Yeah, SA is pretty disgusting. And they make fun of you when you say you we're addicted to master bating. They don't think there's anything wrong with that, or at least at the meetings I've gone to.  




 Drink Zenify. Best drink ever. 




 Are you Napoleon Dynamite? 




 There should be a 12 step FA (fappers anonymous) or MA (masterbators anonymous) or PA (porn anonymous) program. For real. I would go. 




 True dat. 




 It's interesting how coherent and concise this post was... Just saying.. Gonna keep going. I already know NoFap isn't a placebo.  




 I don't know if there is a NoFap forum but if there is could somebody link me? If not I think we should start one. Reddits great but lacks the personalness a forum can have. Thanks, Fapstronauts! 




 Sounds fun. 




 Genius.  




 That would work. This meme doesn't get the meme imho.  




 I feel like this would be better if it was like "one does not simply feel crappy after relapse." Implying you feel horrible.  




 Hope it's Jinkx's crown. She's the SUPAH STAH.  




 Yeah.... but... she's really not that spectacular to me. She's funny but not nearly as funny as Jinkx. I really don't think Alaska has something more than Jinkx. She really doesn't. If anybody has the X/WOW/It Factor... It's Jinkx for me. But to each his own. I love Alaska... I'm just goo goo for Jinkxy.  




 Awwwwww mang. Wish I still lived in NYC.  




 Where did u buy tickets? 




 Loved it. 




 "So, Alaska, why do you deserve to win...? " - "Uh... Star quality... The X Factor."

I cringed. Go Jinkx.
 




 Yeah, I want to go. All my dreams will come true.  




 Why are you comparing these 2? Yeah... and freakin Adele rapes both their asses. Big whoop.  




 Fuck Hitler.  




 anybody else find this little bit about jinkx just a little hokey? she always brings it so i feel like she shouldn't be so nervous. i wish she wouldn't be so... afraid i guess. besides that she's still my favorite queen this season.  




 You probably wouldn't have gotten on a date if it wasn't for NoFap... Also, this story was painfully awkward.  




 Same... 




 So I have a house keeper who comes to the house 4 days a week and has known me for a really long time.. Today I came downstairs around noon and I started to talk to her and she said, "What are you doing? You look so good." I laughed and pretended like I didn't know what she was talking about but in the back of my mind I was like NoFap... It made me happy and I was surprised she could see what seemed like a significant change in just one week. I've had boatloads of more energy, it's kind of crazy and I've almost beaten my previous no fap record which was 8 days. I've been a chronic masterbator since I was 12, 23 now. Typical day consisted of 5-10 PMO sessions. The best compliment she gave me was that I look younger. Only day 7! Can't wait to see what life has in store for me, I'm done with PMO for good!  




 Who the fuck names their turtle Adolf?? 




 All things /r/Athiesm 




 Can I be a part even though I already started several days ago? By the way, the urge has been there but I've said no because I can come here and read the success stories so many other people on this subreddit have had. It's kept me going strong and even though it's not the longest I've gone without orgasming (8 days), it's the longest I've gone without edging. I haven't edged once since I started and I've already gotten so much stuff I've been putting off literally forever done and I feel amazing... And I think I'm only on day 5! 




 I kind of love this tattoo. I had a Sidekick 2 which is what this is...  




 A lot of the comments and this entire posting were pretty science heavy which was a bit confusing to me but I see a lot of people agreeing with the PhD (PhD is doctor of Philosophy, not Medical... so he's not a Medical doctor FYI...)... There are many doctors, especially PhDs, who think they're experts in something but they're incorrect about many things.. (I don't want to have that discussion so if you expect a response from me talking about it, I'm really not going to go there, I've dealt with a lot of PhD's in my time.) Anyway... What I wanted to say was to the people who agree with the science this PhD has supposedly presented in that NoFap has nothing to do with our chemical make up being negatively affected by masterbating and all to do with just having the novel need to end the habit I have to throw in my 2 cents... Yes, I want to stop masterbating but it is because I don't like the way I feel after my body goes through the physical chemical change of orgasming alone. I get groggy, hungry, unmotivated and as a result guilty and begin self loathing... To me this is 100% chemical. I'm sure if you did case studies you would find that orgasming decreases energy and concentration... As a result if you are addicted you aren't ever going to get anything done with your life. That's the truth to me, it's not just about some habit I want to get rid of. It's chemical. I don't know if it's dopamine or something else but I know my body goes through a dramatic chemical change during sex (whether with just me or another) and significantly afterwards.  




 You're retarded. 




 I agree.... I thought she was pretty good. I couldn't do that. 




 I would believe this. 




 I've tried for years to edge and not finish but it was literally impossible for me... Everytime I would ejaculate and feel retarded and depressed after. This time I'm completely giving up edging.  




 So not cringe it's a joke... When I was 8 I would have watched THE SHIT out of this.  




 I just want to start punching him and say NO. THIS IS NOT OKAY.  




 Link... please... I'd be so much less disturbed if I saw him getting pounded by a big black cock....  




 No, go to the sidebar and message the bot, it will ask you to input a date and then about 2 or 3 hours later you'll have a badge next to your name.  




 I upvoted this for I liked the content of its message. That is all.  




 She has to be trolling. Please be trolling. Please for the sake of my childhood and all that is holy be trolling.  




 How has your life changed in these 64 days???? I want all the T! (Btw the thing says I have 111 days but I really have 5... I fell off the wagon after going on 7 days and having my first date which got a little sexual conversation wise and when I got home I masterbated... I fucked it up in our texts the next day and didn't even realize until a few days ago... I still really like him but when it comes to love/sex/relationships I'm always in a post cumming haze.... I hope I can get him to go on another date with me cause he has responded to some of my texts.... Ugh... When I get hard the urge to just touch n massage gets so strong then it feels so good it hurts to stop... Any advice would be great...) 




 This was more MorbidReality for me.  




 I'm scared. 




 Come on, you have to relate to this. 




 I was gonna upvote but you're at 42 so it felt wrong.  




 Omg cringe.  




 I found that kid awesome.  




 Oh, hi Mark, AMA, ha? 




 I think Garner thinking snuck isn't a word is more cringe.  




 Casem or Kassem or however the fuck you spell this twat's name always makes me cringe. Almost as much as that Philip DeFranco however you spell his name cunt.  









 I don't know why... But we were watching it and  right off the bat she was like... "Oh I love San Francisco... I can't wait to go back..." And then later when we were all laughing she was silent and after maybe the third sex scene I said "Do you like it?" cause I was afraid she thought it was just bad and I forced her to watch a movie as bad as The Room but she said "No... I love it..." Even though we loved it for other reasons... I also saw a video once of people leaving a screening at an NYC theatre who actually liked the movie legitimately... Not ironically either... I think they were watching it as part of a film festival in early 04 or 03... Oh, also, the woman's favorite movie is A Clockwork Orange... but come on... O HAI DOGGIE 




 looks sooo gooood 




 It's too Batman Begins for me... I just want Schumacher.  




 I heard it was so they didn't have to rack focus for lighting...  




 Here's a torrent link... http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/3317759/threads_%28nuclearwarmovie_conflict_discharge_crass%29_avi 




 You've only seen it FOUR TIMES!!!!??????? WTF!!!! I'VE SEEN IT LIKE 40...! 




 I WANNA BE HYPNOTIZED LIKE THIS!!!! 




 Almost sure he's Persian... Might be Armenian.  




 Awww.... Well if it's any consolation to him... My mom has a friend who is a very educated woman from Paris who watched The Room and didn't think it was funny and legitimately liked it... She didn't really care about the technical errors... She said she loved the drama.  




 What about Foreclosure? What do you know about it?  




 Yes... and I think I'm going to cry if you actually think I'll never see it... I want to learn about The Neighbors and the Princess and all the characters... Especially Tommy's.... WHY HASNT ANYBODY GREENLIT THIS????? ughhhhhhhh 




