 Your birthday! 




 I'm polite, and they usually are too. If they are rude I do not let them into my environment. 




 I know Satanist who work with animal rights groups, child protective services, and who do various fundraising events for their favorite causes. They can decide if being open as a Satanist would serve their goals and do the best for their selected cause. Here's one Satanic tattoo artist who holds regular fundraising events to fight animal cruelty. http://blog.artonyou.com/inkathon-2013-fundraiser-is-for-the-humane-society-of-utah-complete-details/ 




 Do fans of Darth Vader believe he existed in the real world? Can you be a fan of Star Wars and accept that it was a made up story? Man will always have religions, whether they are spiritual or material (most soccer fans I know are way more religious than Christians). We accept that religions are made-up, but they serve sociological, psychological and cultural roles. Satanism as an above ground, open religion is a relatively new phenomenon, and it won't be the last religion to disregard spirituality. 




 Since my religion  just mandates that I live my life naturally, I would say it has no "impact", it just is. In public I'm polite, in private I expect respect and will not tolerate rude behavior. The music and art I enjoy and collect tends to have a darker aspect to it, but also a sense of fun and adventure. Most misconceptions don't impact me in anyway because I do not openly declare myself as a Satanist. If I were to openly declare myself as a Satanist it may impact my career, so I choose not to do that. I want a comfortable, productive life, and I have a healthy enough ego to work around that. 




 I identified myself as a Satanist when I was about 15 years old. I was raised in a non-practicing Catholic family, but my father is an atheist. When the issue came up they were worried that I was getting involved in something dangerous, like any parents would. But I got good grades at school, graduated from college, moved out immediately, started a successful career, and take care of my own needs and help them in return. Nothing drove me to become a Satanist, I just accepted the identity naturally. I don't have any favorite leader, but I most closely align with the Libertarian Party.  




 Aleister Crowley has more to do with magical Christianity and Buddahism than Satanism, so I don't get that reference. If you don't like Satanism and don't want to be a Satanist and continue to believe in Christianity and salvation, that's fine by me! I'm not trying to trick you into believing anything. 




 No, see the work of Jung to see how you can have symbols without spirituality.  




 I don't carry it around, I had to dig it up for offering proof for this AMA. 




 Every Satanist I know carries on just fine among Christians. Otherwise you're just being an asshole. 




 There's a difference between yearning for acceptance and dispelling misconceptions.  




 There are no considerations to change the name or symbols used. This is who we are and what we represent. We do not expect our philosophy to be the majority. We respect other people's freedom to choose their religion, we only advocate keeping it out of the government. 




 We need some olfaction technology hooked up the the Occultus Rift and you're almost there! 




 I could use a good Hukilau party right now, actually! 




 In the late 90's I worked with a number of Black/Death metal bands in the NYC area, organizing and promoting shows, reviewing albums, etc. Satan and the Devil is low hanging fruit, easy material to piss people off and get attention. Which is fine, but they rarely go beyond that and actually accomplish anything with that. King Diamond actually does a great job of creating a whole performance and mythology out of his use of Satanism, as well as GHOST BC. I wish more bands would do the same.   

I would also check out the work of ULVER to see how a band can evolve and grow out. 




 Because we did the wedding on Walpurgis Night and there's a moment in Faust that describes overcoming your fears and superstitions. Have some imagination, come on! 




 I have an annual pass to Disneyland I go at least once a month! 




 I personally do not believe in magic beyond psychological mediation. 




 There are plenty of ways to destroy a person, especially their egos, that don't involve physical violence. Don't be a moron and do yourself more harm than it's worth. 




 Atheism means you don't believe in god. That's it. Can you have paranormal experiences without god? That's an important question and there are some Satanists who are interested in this. But this is not required. That IF is a big IF. There are plenty of Satanists who have no interest in magic. 




 That's absolutely correct, there's an overlap, but there are distinct differences. I agree with Ayn Rand's championing of the individual and with her bombastic spirit, but I disagree that all all humans are rational, or that there is no place for altruism. Here's an article that goes into this in much more detail http://churchofsatan.com/satanism-and-objectivism.php 




 Hierarchies are used for administrative and communicative purposes. If someone is a Warlock, Priest, or Magister, and Satanism is something you're interested in, then it communicates a level of understanding and application of the philosophy. Make sense? 




 I considered myself a Satanist since I was teenager, but I didn't join the COS until much later. I was organizing a concert that had many Satanists in attendance. I introduced myself to High Priest Gilmore who was at the bar and we had a talk about music, art, and comic books. This confirmed my belief that these are the kind of people I want to work with and I joined. Since then I've met a number of other Satanists, some of which I collaborated with, others I respect but don't have much in common with.  




 There certainly is a satirical nature to it, sure. I don't believe I'm better than everyone else, there are plenty of people I respect and go to for advice or assistance if needed. I strive to be the best ME I can be, and at times that means working with others who share my goals.  




 http://churchofsatan.com/nine-satanic-statements.php  

In essence, life your life to the fullest, spend it with those who appreciate you and don't waste your limited time on others. Don't be an asshole in public, and don't invite people into your life who would harm you. Use symbols and mythologies to drive your creativity and imagination. Don't take your resources for granted, use the tools available to you to build a better environment for yourself and your loves ones.  




 Satanic Priests don't hold any actual functions, it's an honorary title that says you have the respect and authority from the Church of Satan to represent the religion in public *if you choose to do so*. It's more of an acknowledgement from people you agree with and respect. 




 Upvote and I'll get to them.  




 Thus is the nature of a democracy. 




 I've never had a home with a basement, and I just paid off her mortgage, so I think she's alright with whatever I do. I prefer pop surreal art and Polynesian decor. 




 A priest is an honorary title, it does not have any responsibilities associated with it. It just means I have been recognized and authorized by the Church of Satan to represent Satanism *if I choose to do so*. 




 I can't comment on the Temple of Set as I'm not familiar with their religion other than their history with the Church of Satan. Believe in the power of magic beyond psychology is up to each member to decide, the Church of Satan does not push this on the membership. I know many high ranking members of the Church of Satan who do not practice ritual magic at all. There's no secret, no grand reveal.  




 Big fan of Ghost and wish more metal bands had a sense of humor about Satan! 




 Lacking a limb could be a powerful aesthetic! Have you seen Captain Hook? It means using your appearance as means of influencing the world around you. Don't be a drab, boring person, unless being a drab boring person serves your needs in a given situation. 




 Symbolic, it drives the imagination. Why do sports teams have mascots and logos? 




 Here I am, did you have something? 




 There are no "churches", it's a symbolic term. Several Satanists have gatherings at their homes, but this looks like any regular party with close friends. There have not been any threats against me in real life. 




 I've met him on several occasions but we're not in touch. 




 I lack the full goatee, but maybe the devil has good taste? I don't always keep the mustache though. https://fbcdn-sphotos-a-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash2/t1/377055_328634853814752_98944796_n.jpg 




 It went well! How about you? 




 Glad to have amused you! 




 Who worships Satan? Not I. 




 I do not believe in a soul that exists outside the body, but I think much of what's call "a soul" can be the mind. 




 I have never owned a fedora! I prefer well trimmed hair or a cap if I'm in a rush! 




 Dirt Devil, of course! 




 I haven't. I'm not a fan of Maher, actually. I think he's incredibly obnoxious, but that's just me. 




 Life, ambition, fun. 




 Being a priest is just an honorary title, not a job. I'm a consultant in the wine and spirits industry and spend a lot of time sitting in an airplane, gate or traveling, so here I am. 




 You keep in touch with the Church of Satan and let them know what you've been up to in the real world. 




 Being myself always worked for me. 




 I have not, and I don't think it's important to have done so. I first contacted the COS when I was in college. I was organizing a concert who's headliner was a member of the Church of Satan and many other members were in attendance. That's when I first met High Priest Gilmore. From there we've become close friends. 




 Satanism was certain influenced by Ayn Rand, mostly for the championing of the individual and iconoclasm. Here's an article on how Satanism relates to and differs from Objectivism. http://churchofsatan.com/satanism-and-objectivism.php 




 The last "mass" that was done featured only ambient music, but I like some metal here and there! 




 Atheism as one of the core principles of Satanism. 




 Time will tell. Christianity as a religion may go away, but I'm sure other forms of herd mentality will continue in one form or another. 




 In that I believe that evil is anything I don't like, then yes.  




 They're probably more in line with their natural instincts than Christians but often find other ways to make themselves feel guilty. I have several friends who are involved in Asatru and I respect our differences.  




 They are despicable. 




 Do you believe him? Did he report this to the police? I doubt it. As for a Satanic Mass, see for yourself: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T1zsIk6WcNM  




 Ulver   
http://ulver.bandcamp.com/album/messe-i-x-vi-x

I listen to mostly ambient and experimental music, much of which if featured on my Chaos Sedated podcast: http://www.radiofreesatan.com/category/chaossedated/ 




 There's a lot one can learn from a MILF. 




 We had on a cliff overlooking the sunset on Walpurgisnacht. I modified the Satanic Wedding ritual that can be found in the Satanic Scriptures to make our families comfortable (no mentions of Satan, etc.), but the basic idea was there. We are two individuals joined by our love for each other, together we will accomplish our goals and share this wonderful existence. I included an excerpt from Goethe's Faust. 




 Working on it. 




 The only public rituals performed by the Church of Satan are for performance only, they are meant to stimulate the attendees. There's nothing creepy about it, at least not in my opinion. 




 After Columbine I was brought into the school office because there were rumors that I was a Satanists. They brought my parents in and threatened to suspend me. My parents gave them our lawyer's business card and said if they do anything of the sort they'd be hearing from them. They don't agree with me but they've always been proud of me. I'm lucky in that regard. 




 I agree, seems pretty lame to me. 




 I haven't seen it, but I hear it's a good time! 




 Priests don't have any actual responsibilities, I was just given that title because the Church of Satan has acknowledged my real world accomplishments and they know I have a complete understanding and representation of Satanism. Whatever I do with that title is my own decision, I'm never ordered to do anything. 




 I'm rarely bored. I'm surrounded by books, movies, music, and good friends. 




 We agree on certain principles but most of them can't seem to wrap their minds around the idea that one can accept symbolism in their life without spirituality. 




 I recently went camping with about a dozen Satanists, and go to multiple Tiki themed conventions around the year. 




 I'm a technology consultant in the wine and spirits industry. 




 I actually went to one of their brainwashing centers in Los Angeles (https://scontent-b-sjc.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/t1/190195_210792065599032_7590540_n.jpg). The thing I found most disturbing is the family with five kids purchasing a stack of dvd's and books on the way out, mother writing a check. 




 If the High Priest of the Church of Satan came out and said he supports child abuse I would drop Satanism in a quick second. There are many Satanists I don't agree with on various things, from politics to art.   

There's nothing about Satanism, to me, that's anymore difficult to apply than common decency. If I'm walking out of a bar and some random asshole cracks a joke at me, well it's "difficult" to not break his jaw. But what good would that do? I'm not interested in going to jail. There are other ways to handle it, just takes a bit of imagination or a healthy ego to walk away and know it's not worth it. 




 That we believe in the Devil.  




 Because being a priest sounds fun and it's archetype that won't go away any time soon. 




 The best parts of being in the Church of Satan are the close friends I've made. 




 Ass, for sure! Search for Old Nick Magazine for some Satanic T A. 




 There is no "satanic community", Satanists have such a wide range of interests and personalities that I've often found that they do not agree on many things beyond the basic principles of the philosophy. That doesn't mean that there aren't close friendships and bonds made with small groups of people, it's just that there's no one unified "community". 




 I don't really pay attention to the religion of other people, as long as they don't try to push it on me. Most people have no idea that I'm Satanist so it doesn't come up, but if they do that means they know me well enough to see that I'm not an "evil" person. 




 The Church of Satan is not an initiatory organization, there's no ritual or anything you can do to "move up", and it's not required. If you're doing something you're proud of, you let people in the organization know, they'll promote it, give you advice and assistance if asked, and eventually people will take notice. The administration at the Church of Satan gives titles to those members they feel are successfully applying the Satanic philosophy to the real world. 




 I do not worship anything. I use my best judgement to guide my various business decisions, most of which apply the idea that I should not waste my time and energy on people and things which would harm me and my interests. 




 I have an excellent relationship with my family, friends, and professional associates. Some know my beliefs, others don't, by name at least.  




 The last "satanic ritual" I was involved in involved hula dancers, tropical drinks, and a Dean Martin cover band. 




 Sure thing! 




 Most 5 year olds are natural Satanists, they are in-line with their natural instincts, so there's not much to explain. If pressed I would say it means that life is to be cherished, find the things that interest you and make you happy and enjoy them without guilt. But be respectful of your neighbors and don't push your ideas on to others. Let them decide for themselves. 




 Certain groups claim to be a variation of Satanism but they often just copy the doctrines of the Church of Satan and add "but we believe in the Devil!" To my knowledge there is no other competing school of Satanism. I am not including groups who actually worship the devil, as that's an entirely different thing and would akin to calling Jewish groups a variation of Christianity. 




 Maintaining the philosophy created by Anton LaVey, which accepts the importance of religion and symbols but does away with spirituality. Satan is symbol of the natural instincts of man and enjoying life. 




 It's recommended to wait a while before responding to questions to let the voting system work out. I think 45 minutes is fair. 




 False. http://churchofsatan.com/faq-lavey-and-family.php 




 Right now it's Pacific Rim. Just good old fashioned fun with modern special effects. As I kid I watched King Kong vs. Godzilla so much that it ruined the VHS tape! Really looking forward to the new Godzilla film. 




 I've spent time with a number of Black/Death Metal bands in the late 90's and for the most part they're angry kids looking to piss off their parents and look cool to their friends. Unfortunately a handful of them are deranged and violent and the "evil" stuff that's feed to them by mainstream culture serves as easy justification for their actions. 




 They claim to be Satanists but they are not related to the Church of Satan. I do not agree with their approach, as I don't think ANY religion should have monuments on government grounds. 




 The The Lindbergh Baby is a folk band with Satanic themes from Vermont, recently played to a packed audience in NYC. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxDw6k0OllI

Here's a Satanic electronic musician, The BU:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AhCMAqQSf44

Maybe! 




 "What fucking the". Nice. 




 I don't really like satin actually, makes me itchy. 




 Because Satanism is about life, experiences, and having fun.  




 I'm sure someone has a copy of Twilight, which is pretty damn evil to me! 




 http://churchofsatan.com/ seems to come up for me. 




 I'm assuming you mean Greater Magic. That's left up to the individual to decide. Some only see it as psychological drama, others feel they've experienced something more than that. But this is not supernatural, it would be called supernormal. Those Satanists that believe there something more to magic would believe it to be part of our natural world that we do not yet understand. Nothing divine or spiritual. It is not mandatory to believe this to be a Satanist. 




 We do not believe in a being called Satan. It's a symbol, an abstract representation of a carnal, materialistic philosophy. 




 Atheism means you do not believe in the existence of god. But we don't throw the baby out with the bath water. Religion serves various social and psychological purposes, and we acknowledge this. But that doesn't mean you need any spiritual or divine aspect to it, just enough imagination to recognize the power of symbols and abstractions. 




 The most angsty thing in my life right now is this latest episode of WTFPod. Life is pretty mellow right now. 




 No. 




 There is no spirituality involved. Many Satanists do not open call themselves out as Satanists but apply the philosophy to their careers, interests, and art. We do not advocate martyrdom of any kind. 




 I don't agree that morals should be tied to religion. See the Eleven Satanic Rules of the Earth for the closet thing to Satanic morals.   
http://churchofsatan.com/eleven-rules-of-earth.php   

In the Church of Satan I've met artists, photographers, computer technicians, stand-up comedians, graphic designers, corporate executives, doctors, law students, hackers... and on and on. Depends on your definition of "normal". They are well adjusted members of society, yes. But I wouldn't say they're "normal", there is always something exceptional about them, in one way or another. 




 We don't believe in Hell, so the upside is we enjoy this one and only life we have with those we care for. 




 I answered this in the OP. All religions are man-made, all symbols and stories used to explain our existence and the unknown. Religion and abstractions are important to the human mind and we choose Satan as the symbol that most accurately represents our values and worldview. 




 That would imply that Jesus of Nazareth was real in first place, which is questionable. But a crossbow seems to work well for Daryl Dixon, so I'll go with that. 




 No, otherwise I wouldn't identify myself as a Satanist. And that's OK. Life is too short to try to be something you're not. 




 Over the past several weeks Satanism, directly and indirectly, has caught the attention of the media. Lunatics are blaming the Devil for their deranged acts of violence, rumors of "Satanic" cults are spreading among the tabloids and fans of True Detective are searching for the Yellow Sign in satanic rituals. Peter H. Gilmore, the current High Priest of the Church of Satan, has been [a guest on CNN](http://religion.blogs.cnn.com/2014/02/17/satanist-church-accused-craigslist-killer-not-one-of-us/), [interviewed by the CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/day6/popupaudio.html?clipIds=2438899671) and numerous other outlets (published and unpublished) in an effort to defuse a revival of the Satanic Panic from 80's and 90's. It's a shame that for many people the only exposure to Satanism is in reaction to such grim, pointless insanity; when by and large the Satanists I know are some the most life-loving individuals I've ever encountered. 

Due to the recent media exposure I'm not surprised to see several threads hitting the front page of Reddit mentioning Satanism, attempted AMA's from questionable sources, and a genuine interest in what Satanism and the Church of Satan is actually about. Obviously one can go to the Church of Satan's website and [check out the basic texts](http://churchofsatan.com/theory-practice.php) and [FAQ](http://churchofsatan.com/frequently-asked-questions.php), but we recognize that humans are social creatures and a certain level of interaction can help drive points home.  

That said, my name is Raul A. and I'm an officially ordained Priest in the Church of Satan, and have been an active Satanist for over 10 years. In my time with the Church of Satan, and well before that, I've interacted with Satanists with a wide range of interests, personalities, and backgrounds. I've organized concerts with Satanic folk bands to experimental electronic musicians. I am the technical director of [Radio Free Satan](http://www.radiofreesatan.com/). My wedding was officiated by a Satanic Priest, I enjoyed Tiki drinks and 50's music with High Priestess Peggy Nadramia, and watched Kaiju films and talked Pacific Rim with High Priest Gilmore. I've also known many nonpublic Satanists who, for various reasons, cannot openly proclaim their worldviews.   

Why am I doing this AMA? For one, I think the Reddit community is interested in the topic and has been mostly given a poor representation of what Satanism is about, in theory and practice. I've seen some fairly interesting questions go without responses, and mostly a lot of talk from people who "read Crowley in high school" (FYI, Crowley never identified himself as a Satanist, and has very little to with Satanism) or "knew a guy once". Responses are often such a bore and miss the point entirely.  

So here's your chance, ask me anything! And, like any decent Satanist, let's make this fun! Let's try things other than the usual "Why call it Satanism if you don't believe in Satan" (*), let's talk about life, experiences, and the pleasures of the material world! Let the games begin!  

Proof: http://imgur.com/a/wAPvz?gallery

* The "Satan" in "Satanism" refers to the Hebrew word for "the adversary", and that is the context in which we use it. We understand that the human animal has an innate need for religion, symbolism, and dogma so we Satanists willfully choose the one we most identify with.

Edit: I have a business call to attend to for an hour or so, I'll be back shortly!

Edit: Seems that many of my responses have been downvoted to Hell (ba dum). Here's a handy Q A table http://www.reddit.com/r/tabled/comments/1zgfeg/table_i_am_a_priest_in_the_church_of_satan/  

Edit: Time to roll up the tent. Overall I had a fairly good time, answered a few good questions, made some new friends, and ran into some old ones. If you haven't seen my responses, especially in the first few hours of this AMA, it's because my comments were immediately being downvoted and hidden from the default views([I didn't realize Reddit were such big fans of the Westboro Baptist Church](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/1zg23j/i_am_a_priest_in_the_church_of_satan_nevermind/cfte5pu)). See the table above or my comment history to see my responses, [which apparently is more than most celebrity AMA's combined](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/1zg23j/i_am_a_priest_in_the_church_of_satan_nevermind/?sort=confidence#cftg9u9). Special thanks to the moderators who've attempted to inject some rationality and to /u/Milagre for the help with the Q A Table. 




 Many great points have been made. High Priest Gilmore's interview response answers the death penalty question clearly. As for stratification, there are Church of Satan members actively advocating for political and economic reforms that would reduce government interference. See this piece from Blanche Barton:   

"Number one is stratification and is emphasized by our founding High Priest as, the point on which the other four goals ultimately rest. It advocates allowing people to sink or swim according to their own talents and abilities, instead of being protected from the consequences of their own incompetence. If a person is ethical, productive, sensitive and knows how to conduct himself among human beings, fine; if hes a destructive, amoral parasite, he should be dealt with quickly and cruelly. We havent achieved this yet. Because of the continuing cult of victimization, many incompetent, malefic beings are contentedly sucking enormous resources from our munificent government, sending us all into obscene debt, threatening the financial and social stability of our nation. As we keep working to enlighten, the compulsion to care for the PC appointed undeserving victims will dissipate like a cloud of unreason, leeches will be recognized for what they are and eradicated."   
http://churchofsatan.com/five-point-plan-revisited.php.  

 




 Thank you for pointing that out. It's been fixed. 




 Going deep into Satanic epistemology and metaphysics is something I'm personally interested in but would be out of the scope of this thread. 




 Belief in Greater Magic beyond self-medication and psychodrama is up to each individual. Some members of the Church of Satan, including Magister Nemo, are interested in the research done to explain their own experiences. There are also many other members, including Magisters, who have little to no interest in rituals beyond emotional release. The Church of Satan does not have a hardline stance on the matter, because like most researchers and scientists, we accept "we don't know" as an answer. Did LaVey express great interest and belief in the power of magic? Yes, but he did not impose this belief on others. *If* one was interested in magic, he laid down the groundwork and system for practical use.      

"We emphasize that the philosophy of the Church of Satan does not require that our members believe that ritual is more than an emotional experience, nor is there a mandate even to ritualize at all. We simply offer it as a tool for experimentation. Some folks have found results that they feel are beyond coincidence or statistical parameters. Others simply enjoy the release of emotions otherwise hindering their pursuit of personal happiness." 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copycat_crime 




 A healthy ego can easily respect, acknowledge, and learn from others. Otherwise you're an uneducated, pretentious asshole. 




 The Enochian Keys were included because they were *forbidden* in the occult community and this amused LaVey. He makes it very clear that Enochian is included for emotional stimulation. That's it. No occult or supernatural reason for it. He even recommends skipping Enochian if it doesn't work for you and instead reciting your favorite poetry. We call upon the demonic archetypes for emotional and aesthetic stimulation, and at the highest levels the projection of our own egos.  




 How were you drawn to Satanism if you haven't even read the most basic, simple texts? You can read through the Satanic Bible in about 2 hours, and if you're really that short in time you can go to the Church of Satan website and read the summarized texts there.   

http://churchofsatan.com/theory-practice.php


1. Individualism does not equal being in complete isolation. Individualism emphasizes (keyword here) the individual over the group, thus putting ones own self-interests first. This does **not** mean you completely disregard society or the interests of other people.   

If being in a group increases your stimulation and thus increases the chances of your magical working succeeding, then it is in your individual interest to work with other like minded individuals. The other people involved in your ritual should share your goals, and if they are people who care about you then it is in their interest to help you succeed and be happy, giving them happiness and satisfaction in return. If you read the Satanic Bible you'll see that private rituals are the preferable method of ritualizing. Group rituals should *only* be done with close, trusted associates, not random people who just want to hang out and play along.   
  
2. First of all, in Satanism all magic is black magic. The distinction between black and white magic comes from guilt-ridden occultists who think any magic which benefits you is black magic. Since we believe that all magic benefits you in some way, directly or indirectly, the distinction is merely pretentious. Second of all, practicing greater magic does not mean you believe in external deities, demons, angels, etc. See this entry in the FAQ:   
http://churchofsatan.com/faq-ritual-and-ceremony.php   
"However, some Satanists also consider the possibility that, through the raising of emotions focused towards a specific achievable goal in ritual, ideas/concepts/images might be transmitted to the minds of other people at a distance, thus perhaps influencing them to make future decisions favorable to the outcome of the situation desired by the magician (transmitter). It then seems to us plausible that there would be a means that is part of nature through which this works. It is not attained through the intervention of supernatural beings, as we do not believe such things exist. The desired goal, what we call an Is-To-Be, would vary based on peoples' ability to transmit as well as receive such images as well as the likelihood of the situation towards which the magician is working."   

We *never* worship or acknowledge higher powers.  




 I was of the idea that if I wanted metal I would listen to actual extreme metal, not an Electronic Rock band. I don't necessarily agree with that nowadays, but I still don't really care for Ministry for various reasons. 




 All the references to Cold Meat Industry in the various interviews in [DESCENT magazine](http://www.ideologic.org/news/view/3241). I was into Black/Death Metal and got interested in what other forms of extreme music was out there. I started picking up releases from Deutsch Nepal, In Slaughter Natives, and Brighter Death Now. When I would tell metalheads that I was getting into Industrial they would refer me to Ministry or Skinny Puppy, so I looked in them as well. I was incredibly disappointed. I would later grow to appreciate SP but never got into the former.  









 Peter Gilmore responds to CNN: http://religion.blogs.cnn.com/2014/02/17/satanist-church-accused-craigslist-killer-not-one-of-us/ 




 You should listen to some of our shows on Radio Free Satan:

http://www.radiofreesatan.com/category/metalbreakfast/  
Latest episode: Featuring: CORPSESSED, LIE IN RUINS, THE INTERBEING, METALSTEEL, VORUM, OCKSEN, GUTALAX, NOTRE DAME, DOWN AMONG THE DEAD MEN, DISCHARGE, FACEBREAKER, CONE OF SILENCE, G.B.H., MISERATION, BROKEN BONES, HACKNEYED, WARBRINGER and more DOWN AMONG THE DEAD MEN.

http://www.radiofreesatan.com/category/metalgrotto/  
Latest episode: This month on The Metal Grotto, Citizen JNothing brings you the sounds of 3 Quarters Dead, Scatterbrain, The 69 Eyes, Heaven   Hell, King Diamond, The Dave Brockie Experience, Red Dragon Cartel, Accept, Def Leppard, Vader, Zerotheist, Cannibal Corpse, and finishes up with Testament.   

http://www.radiofreesatan.com/category/deathpunkradio/   
On this episode (in order): The Damned, Screams For Tina, The Horatii, The Sisters Of Mercy, Rosetta Stone, 1919, Mephisto Walz, Sex Gang Children, New Model Army, UK Decay, Specimen, Big Electric Cat, and London After Midnight.   

Explore the website and check out the rest.

 




 It was part of the Humanist Association of San Diego.   
http://www.meetup.com/humanistassociation/messages/64040772/ 




 People have short memories...

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michelle_Remembers   

"Despite the lack of evidence and inconsistencies surrounding the allegations made in Michelle Remembers, there are still people who believe that Smiths claims of abuse are the literal truth and that there is a vast, yet secretive worldwide conspiracy of inter-generational satanic worshipers abusing and murdering children and adults.[6]
The book's contents have been unsubstantiated by any evidence beyond Smith's testimony. Despite this, the book inspired copy-cat accusations throughout the world,[6][20][21] against in many cases members of the Church of Satan, non-satanic occultists, and others with no connection to the occult." 




 Here are some links to get you started on what's been going on lately with a few prominent COS members...  

King in Yellow reprinted by Rev. Kevin Slaughter, brought on by sudden interest due to its mention on True Detective   
http://www.underworldamusements.net/blog/2014/the-one-literary-reference-you-must-know-to-appreciate-true-detective/

Making the world safe from radiation 
http://blog.safecast.org/

Might run into a Satanist or two at this event, also working with Wikileaks   
https://blog.torproject.org/events/tors-winter-2014-developers-meeting-reykjavik-iceland   

Weekly new podcasts at Radio Free Satan   
http://www.radiofreesatan.com/  

Interviews and commentary on 9sense  
http://9sensepodcast.com/   

Cars, girls, and Satan. The Art and Photography of COOP
http://www.flickr.com/photos/coop666/  
  
Or watch him discuss copyright issues on Reason TV  
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sy1aC_ltJBs 




