 Ahhh so it's from a crematorium????

Nice.. Glad I get to spend part of my day smelling that crap on my way to and from work.

 




 Hey sorry for the delay. No I didn't go. My ex had to cancel since her car needed to get repaired. I need to get with her to reschedule it but with the holidays basically here her and I have both been busy with family stuff.

 




 Ok, this is bothering me because I can't figure it out. lol.
On I-17 between Jefferson and Grant there is this awful smell. I have to go through this every day and I just want to know what it is. I have even detoured through the area trying to figure it out and I couldn't.

Is there a plant over there? A factory of some sort? I don't even know how to describe the smell other than its awful lol 




 I thought this was cute till I saw the cast come through.. :(
 




 My brain...it hurts.. 




 They have science consultants on the show. I'd imagine very accurate!

(Source - season 1 DVD extras) 




 ahh yes.. you are right! my bad, thanks for that correction.. Spinato's is another place I have heard great things about too though!!  




 The Codfather (Bell Road/16th st) (next to Santisi I think) is incredible. Best fish/chips I have had.

If you are looking for nightclubs, I have been to Axis/Radius and enjoyed it. 
 




 lol, well my friend let me tell you. Sheriff Arpaio is anti-illegal immigration. He routinely sets up stings to capture illegals who have crossed the border. Seeing as that we are so close to the Mexico border many wrongfully accuse the Office of being racist toward the Hispanic community. This is not true. The Office has successfully capture illegals from Canada and European countries. The majority is Hispanic however. The media HATES the Sheriff and routinely conducts reports on him. As a result the public has seemed to believe that all employees are racist toward Hispanics. This is not true though. Many of us have no ill feelings toward any culture or race. I am sure some out there have prejudices but I can't speak to that.   




 I love magnum's. I am not a smoker, but I have been getting more into wines and such. They have great prices, friendly staff, and they are very knowledgeable. I am not a wine expert or really any type of alcohol expert. Anything you recommend I should try? I am not a fan of reds and when it comes to liquor, I typically only drink vodka. I would like to get into some whiskey's and such but not sure what to try and how to try it i.e. with/without ice, etc. 




 Win! 




 That poor ZL1 :( 




 Math 101.. seems about right
 




 Recorded before The Game last year!

BEAT OHIO! 




 I love Alison Brie!
 




 Which one is the bear and which one is the dog?

mind blown! 




 "...so she grabbed her pig."

and then gutted it..... 




