 good point 




 According to Tesla's Giga presentation, construction was originally planned to get started in 2014. Is that feasible now given that there's still no site chosen? 




 So far there's no word on where the other 3bn may come from. Panasonic remains non-committal, right? 




 Is the Gigafactory actually gonna happen? 




 Maybe he's just a germophobe 
























 Holy Crap.. something's afoot 














 More than performance, I'm curious what it's gonna look like! 




 Musk also mentioned that the Model E interior may not feature some of the same expensive high-end fit and trim as the Model S 




 Is the market the Model E is aimed at even concerned with 0-60 times? Sure it's a nice cherry on top, but given the price range for the Model E, the more important factors I think will be range/style.

Also, Musk has said the Model E will have a few less features than the Model S to keep it economical (i.e perhaps not as big a touchscreen display) 




 Thanks for the info! 









 Was that about the same margin level Tesla enjoyed on the Roadster? 




 Elon Musk has said a number of times that every single penny from Model S profits is being put back into the company to further develop the Model X and 3rd Gen car.  I was wondering, just how much money per car (base level car) is pure profit that Tesla can put back into the company? 














 Was he THE GUY in automobile design when Tesla snatched him up from Mazda? 












































 Ah thanks. I wasn't 100% sure the model x was being viewed in the same boat as the model S (second-gen).

You think there's a bigger market for the model x than the model s? 




 Then what about the third gen Tesla? 


































 lol, timeless 




 Roy walked away like he knew it was going down like that, like a bowler confidently strutting after a predictable strike 




 holy crap.. he was lining that up for seconds.. literally stalking

sad to see nog go down like that 



















 guida looks like a nut! 




 he's won 3 fon type bonuses over the last 4 fights. He shouldn't be hurting for money. he just wants more based on what Gill's getting.

I'm not saying he doesn't DESERVE more.. im just saying we shouldn't be acting like he's getting chump change cuz he's not 




 That's not the UFC's concern. What diaz does in his own time isn't a factor in what the UFC should pay him.

Diaz opened up a gym to make money, as a business. It's not a normal expense he had to take on. 









 The UFC shouldn't have to foot the bill for Diaz's side businesses 









 60 k to show is great. What are you people smoking?! if he goes 2-1 in a year that's 300 large right there. The whole argument about fighters going in, training, putting their health at risk -- all valid points, but they apply to ALL FIGHTERS.  Diaz in recent time has also won THREE BONUSES.

If Diaz should be mad at anyone it's his manager for not keeping him in the loop and keeping him abreast of all the ins and outs of his contract.

What is really going on here, I think, is that Diaz got a whiff of the $ Gill is getting now and is pissed.

I would hope/imagine that something we can all agree on is that Dana doesn't have to be a big dick about it everytime a fighter speaks up. That Dana should show fighters, on whose backs the UFC stands, more respect and reverence should be expected. Sadly, Dana views fighters as expendable and treats them as such 




 People say these rumors are getting ridiculous. I say they're not getting ridiculous enough! 




 yes. he's an industrial design guy, not a software user interface guru 




 That would be a huge mistake for Apple to let christie go 




 Was this UFC or WWE?  














 But who wears a watch like that most of the time? It's asking the user to change how one ordinarily uses an object 





























 And speaking of poor management, where's the branding? natediaz.com takes me to a bakery?!  All I can think of now is Nick Diaz getting the munchies 




 $300,000 in revenue from 3 fights should be enough for Diaz to live comfortably in any given year. If his contract dropped from 60/60 to 15/15 because of two losses, that's horrible contract negotiating from Diaz's manager. You have to negotiate the upside as well as the downside. 




 Professional athletes in the NBA, NHL, MLB etc perform much more than just 3 times a year. The economics are completely different, the money is completely different.

For how much money Diaz helps bring in, 60/60 a night seems fair, no? 




 300,000 a year pre-expenses puts him at the top 2-3$ of income in the entire world. I think he's doing okay. Seems like he's either a) not managing his money correctly or b) is super jealous of Gil's deal 









 The man sure knew how to make an entrance https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36OHZ51o2qo 









 Someone needs to get Nate a new manager capable of explaining where the hell his money is going. At 60/60, and assuming just 3 fights a year, that's 300 grand if he goes 2-1. After taxes let's say he nets 210k/yr.  subtract managers 10% that's about 190k before training expenses. As far as the economy goes, that's not shabby 




 lol well done homie 









 Voice over LTE is probably the most interesting new detail here. hopefully there will be a surprise or two as well 



















 700 pounder is http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emmanuel_Yarborough 




 i think matt hughes recently said on twitter he could bench 350 




 yet where's the outrage that accompanies UFC paydays?! 




 recently? 




 Everyone hates the big players in tech, especially ones that make $ off of user data 




 I didn't think Palhares held on too long this time 




 Weird right? Ur guess is as good as mine  




 Good ole Leon.. always so insightful! 




 I'm surprised he stopped vacationing 




 Mark Coleman losing to Fedor https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oCnqy8Klaw 




 what have i done to deserve this flat, flavorless manhattan 




 great points 




 Of course back in the pride days, there was barely any turn around time 




 Where's the financial incentive in this for apple? Why would Comcast be on board? 




 The Ben Stiller show once had a great parody of it starring andy dick 




 missed that, will delete. thanks for the heads up! 




 Is that Rousey walking to the cage in fashion boots?  




 Most intimidating guy/girl RW/RR cast members? 

Aside from Timmy, any cast members who can bring the funny as well as you do? 




 To emily? 




 Do you still keep up with any folks from your Road Rules cast? Any chance you'll be back on a challenge? 




 Chael seems a bit taken aback.. he likes talking crazy, but think he wasn't expecting Wanderlei to get kinda crazy up in his grill like that 




 interesting way to look at it 




 Will have to give them a second go-around 




 The first few episodes were atrocious. It really picked up steam mid-way through, with a few episodes really capturing the classic AD vibe. 




 How spot-on that he knew the show was doomed. A damn shame that such was/is the state of TV 




 Any juicy tidbits? Assholes? 




 Not that much more than Netflix/month, and when you add in the shipping, still a solid deal 




 lol no idea 




 meanwhile, chris weidman is watching and thinking "Yes, but red ball doesn't hit back" 




 Nothing like a good squint at a progress bar that is seemingly progressing.. oh wait.. maybe its not 




 Part 2 over here http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Jc9AaqGuwU 




 Some great old footage of Tito and Joe Silva 




 Kroll show.. wanted to like it.. but seems so amateur. Seems like a recycled version of the Ben Stiller show 




 Uh oh, that's the kiss of death for his next fight 




 It's a risky move. If only everything on Yahoo weren't so damn ugly. 




 Well done joe silva 




 Needs a bigger win on his Resume, especially with losses to condit and maia 




 Which one is the ex Appler? 




 ah, i didn't realize that there was a TRT limit fighters could be on. thanks 




 so assuming he had a failed test, was it for TRT or a banned substance?  




 lol what a great character Bas is. If only he was in his prime today 




 are you shittin me?! 




 Now this is a headline done right! 




 Wearing the dogtag for extra badassness 




 Kind of sad that he's selling it... and that he still wears a backwards baseball cap 




 And no recourse for victims, of course. Are we honestly supposed to believe that a digital currency like BitCoin is the wave of the future?  




 Agreed. And McMann isn't going to be intimidated, put off by the big lights like Tate said she was. 




 If meisha tate didn't keep trying to bull rush Rhonda, might have had a different ending. Rousey got clipped a few times in that fight. McMann won't be getting tossed around like a ragdoll with Rousey, thats for sure 




 he claims she brings in more money than brock.. wtf?! 




 For all the naysayers, if you follow any of the stories leading up to this, DC is absolutely pissed at Cummins and they've gotten into heated battles on TV. Cummins has called Cormier out for crying, breaking a code of silence from the wrestling room.. and twisting the story as such to make DC seem weak.  Day what you will about wolf tickets, but that term dosen't apply here. 




 That's a good point, and often not brought up in these discussions. All hard work does not create equal value. Sure GSP makes a hell of a ton more than someone like Matt Brown, but he generates so much money for the UFC its insane.
 




 Odenkirk was an SNL writer for a while as well 




 You are correct, that is bob odenkirk. Also interesting is that the dialogue here is almost verbatim what was used on SNL 




 damn, Nate Quarry is on point. Lots of interesting threads here. The UFC needs to realize its the fighters that make the brand. No one says "lets go watch an NBA game!" They say, "Lets check out the Heat game tonight, Lebron is facing Durant" 




 Cormier is fired up! 




 For a retired fella, nick is in better shape than everyone. #triathalon 




 Shits getting real. If Cesar's team went to bellator, who they all gonna fight, each other? Cesar shouldn't drag his other fighters into this situation 




 When's the last time you used an iPhone?
 




 I feel like I'm high looking at this and trying to make sense of it 




 You might say that this photo warrants the description of BADASS 




 Damn, Weidman is taller than you'd expect 




 I think it's from this band  https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/1-18/id496870364?i=496870699 




 Watch em' before every fight :) I'm not who the UFC needs to market to, though, to get to the next level. With fighters often fighting only 3 times a year, the promotional activities can't be limited to a lone Countdown special that airs just one week before a big fight.

The UFC needs to market stars like Aldo and Weidman to the folks who don't typically watch Countdown specials. They need to realize that for the UFC to grow, they need to help make some bankable stars. Look at how much the star power of GSP helped the UFC. And sure, like the article says, creating stars isn't a science, but the UFC, with all of their resources, could certainly doing more in this regard.  

Sadly, it seems like companies like Nike and BadBoy are more invested in creating marketable stars than the UFC is. 




 Best article on UFC marketing I've seen in a while.

"They need stars that audiences will back like their local team sports. They need to highlight talent, and competition, and stories."

This is dead on. The UFC could do so much more to humanize the fighters they want us to pay to watch. With Strikeforce now gone, the UFC doesn't really have any serious competition. Their brand is safe. They are the NBA of MMA and it's now time they step it up and start marketing their ATHLETES. 




 No mention of IO, where the dudes perform every week. WEAK! 




 Felony? Really? 




 He came back because his ratings were far better than Conan's 




 This is the most random and amazing example of worlds colliding I've ever seen.  




 Lol she really is. 




 Let's get HOD on the air! 




 Hasn't this been around for awhile? 




 Solid and informative work from Mr. Slack, per usual. 




 What about this? http://appleinsider.com/articles/13/05/22/corning-touts-gorilla-glass-3s-advantages-over-sapphire-in-side-by-side-tests

"In one of our commonly accepted strength tests, sapphire breaks more easily than Gorilla Glass after the same simulated use," senior vice president and general manager of Cornings Specialty Materials segment James R. Steiner said. ""

Is that corporate spin or legit? 




