 Smashed my rear windscreen by accident with a guitar amp, called my insurance, someone was at my house fitting a replacement 30 minutes later. 

And he didn't even want a coffee so I even saved a few pennies! 




 Frazzles and chocolate digestives. 




 Remember: just cuz she dances go-go, it don't make her a ho, no.  




 He can chop wood AND fill his pants with shit. 




 Great Britain - We won two World Wars, you know.  




 My favourite episodes are the food ones, so insightful! 




 I upvoted even though you spelt it wrong.  




 http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/bfbny/german_redditers_how_is_wwii_taught_in_schools_in/ 




 Insert Coins 




 I often feel a lot of resentment to my past self. 

I like to think that it's because I'm becoming a better person every day (that is, moving ever closer to being the person I truly want to be).

Then I realise it's because I used to be a little twat.  




 This has scared me many a time. Lets say that at the time of the Big Bang, there was this 'point' that contained everything in the Universe. And one day it explode and expanded and here we are. BUT, where was this point? How did all that matter come about? Where did it come from? 

What I mean is, what was there before? If there was nothing, then how did it become something? Where did all these atoms come from? Where is the beginning of the story? 

That's the best way to explain my thoughts when I think about the creation of the Universe. I've just shit my pants.  




 Yeah, I second this. Looking between their eyes is easy to do, doesn't make you feel weird, and the other person will think you're looking straight at them.  




 That was incredible. 




 Stand backwards in a queue, so you're facing the rest of the line. 




 What happens?  




 Amber Attree 




 This is beautiful. 




 Is it a Frank Turner song? There's two that come to mind. Let me know and I'll find out for you.  




 But if EVERY job had the SAME pay, living costs would be low as everyone would have the same amount of money. I'm sure there's a clever way of explaining this but I hope you understand what I mean. 

Economics or something.  




 http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sum:_Forty_Tales_from_the_Afterlives

Pretty sure this is it.  




 I've accidentally fallen in love 




 Holy shit! My friend and I have only recently discovered peanut butter, and we are going through a jar every two days. Our new favourite is Oreos and peanut butter. Also a good one is peanut butter, nutella and banana sandwiches: TOASTED. 

Bonus points for being high.  




 My friend pulled down his jeans and boxers and farted in his girlfriend's face at her birthday party. She instantly gagged and threw her glass of wine in his face. We both collapsed with laughter, crying our eyes out and rolling around on the floor, hugging like little giggling babies. 

Still to this day I'll think about it and laugh out loud. I always tell this story whenever people ask me why I just laughed for no reason. 

Best memory ever. She was a bitch.  




 Thanks! Great explanation :) 




 Why does our brain die without oxygen? What is happening in the brain when oxygen is delivered there by the blood?  




 Good idea. Simulation, like faked injuries and diving, should result in fines and match bans once assessed in post-match replays. 

Players would stop diving and clutching at their ankles overnight! :) 




 Non-molten liquids? 

Molten means it has been liquified by heat. Water isn't molten I don't think.  









 Took me ages to be able to roll anything resembling a joint. Only when I'm high can I roll the perfect doobie. 

My joints used to look like tampons. 




 What do it sound like when I talk to you?

And

How do you see things? What do they look like and what are colours like? 




 Do whatever the hell you like, but if you do anything to hurt another human being then you're exiled. 




 "If I wasn't in the rap game, I'd probably have a key knee-deep in the crack game, because the streets is a short stop, either you're slinging crack rock or you got a wicked jump-shot."

B.I.G

If you're from the ghetto, you make it out by either selling drugs or becoming a famous sports star.  




 I'm moving to Melbourne. Any local customs I should know about?  




 Good advice, thank you! What did you think of Australia, where did you stay and what were you doing there?  




 Selling my life and starting a new life in a new country.  




 Someone quickly explain what Karma-Whoring is.  




 Stock tips for Gavin: buy low, sell high. 

Danielle is very sensible. 

Jerry, I can't believe I didn't think of that myself. 

Sam and James, fuck knows what you two are up to.

I would buy a couple of ounces of weed and chill in the Bahamas for a week with my bros. And buy lots of sex. (thanks, Jerry) 




 Talking to girls 




