 Four days ago, I suffered a heart attack. Pretty fit, early 30's, completely unexpected. I had some incredible plans for New Years Eve and suddenly, in what seemed like one split second, everything changed.  














 If you own a dashcam and you are not a police officer - you might be an asshole. 



















 If you can be swayed on a subject as serious as the death penalty because of a comment on Reddit, you are a shining example of idiocy. 




 Begun, the Israel spin machine has. 




 Then you are incredibly weak minded. 









 I vomited in my mouth. A lot. And had to gulp it back down. Because of you. And I've voted Democrat for 20 years. 




 End existence of time. 




 From my standpoint as an American, it seems more countries are voicing dismissal/rejection of American policy. Brazil, Albania, even Mexico seems to be much more independent of US influence lately. I'd like to get perspective from other countries on this. 









 I am so impressed with this post. I am flush with envy at the stardom you are exposed to as you lick peoples boots. I would trade anything to be in your position, basking in the dying, faded light of the celebrity of others. 




 Only by the lowest denominator of voter, so I doubt it will do much. 




 You mean Governor McAuliffe? 




 You either win or you lose. Pointing out the margins is just petty at this point, and crying "Obamacare" while complaining about how much Dems spent is just ludicrous. You know that, right? 




 So the party that supported unlimited corporate cash in elections is bitching that it was "outspent"? I am loving every second of this. 




 If Republicans had won, it would have been a "referendum on Obamacare". When a Democrat wins, its "lesser of two evils". WTF 




 My vote is Money by Pink Floyd 




 What song do you think represents the previous century most accurately? Not albums, not bands - just one single song, taken at face value.  









 Yes, stay in your basement and hide, that'll show them! 




 I'm sure he'll beat the charges. And the people issuing the charges. And the camera crew on the steps as he leaves the court. And the girl waiting for him in the car. 




 This attitude is the result of a concerted effort over many years to disparage and disillusion the very core group that could actually influence voting outcomes. The fact that you are apathetic and "rebelling" via abstaining reflects a resounding success in their efforts to prevent change. 














 So you taught your kid a lesson by dressing like a convicted pedophile? 




 Ben Affleck will be Batman 




 Ouch. 




 Still laughing at this one 









 If this is considered "in the gutter", I've done things that would keep you up for days on end, sir. 




 My favorite reddit post, ever. Thank you. 




 Threadjack much? 




 I'm wondering if Google is testing empty defenses of poor business decisions on reddit now... 




 Hide my bottle of chloroform. 




 Article said they have 5 million max. 





























 I am looking right now to find out if there are any polls reflecting the percentage of Americans that approve of painful brain parasites for  comparison. 



















 It is becoming increasingly obvious the NSA is carrying out a war on humanity as a whole. 









 If it makes you feel any better, he was shot to death and didn't die of cancer. 




 Really? Really? 









 Breaking Bad was a prequel to Malcolm in the Middle. Walt fakes his death, escapes, flees and starts a new life when he meets Lois. 




 If so, curious what finally caused the change? If not, why do you believe he is a traitor? Thanks! 









 Wow, everyone is downvoting and I didnt even mention the fact that she is a cow. Weird. 




 Pictures of awful parents are hilarious. 




 I'd love to hear your definition of the word 'art'. I'm a long time hitRECord member and a huge fan, but the concept of art is something I don't hear you discuss in detail so anything you could throw my way would be appreciated thanks. 




 Remember that his dick is none of your business. 




 Google has zero credibility at this point. They can backpedal and try to suddenly appear concerned, but it's too late.

We are the kids that walked into the bedroom and found our mom Google in bed with her hands around the NSA's throbbing shaft. There is no way they can erase those awful images from my mind. Not happening. 




 So you stole saline and IV tubing and set it up without an order? 




 I imagine that sucked 




 For myself, it was working in a storage clearinghouse for a large grocery chain. Below freezing temps in the freezer, no breaks, barely lunch and horrible coworkers. All boosted by 12 hour shifts and no benefits. Was curious what others have gone through. 









 After the most recent revelations regarding NSA accessing their networks, Microsoft supplying Outlook encryption keys and other data mining policies, I don't believe one fucking thing Microsoft or Google have to say on this issue. 




 Marriage. 




 I don't yiff but if I were to yiff, I would yiff Gadget until she called the cops. 









 Oil. Israel. Capitalism. 

Apathetically rearrange, wash, repeat. 

 




 "Don't take the highroad. Kill her." 




 Ha ha molestation signs are hilarious... 









 The moment you put Reverend in front of your name, you volunteer for a higher level of scrutiny than the "rest of us" in my opinion. 



















 pork stool 




 That girl deserves better than a guy who posts pictures of plants to reddit. 




 This is the new definition of mistake to me. If anyone I know ever comes to me and says something like "I'm thinking of starting up heroin" or "I think I should spend all of my money on Zynga stock" I am going to say "You are possibly making a major Ben Affleck is going to play Batman in the next Man of Steel film". 









 I would disagree on this, imo nothing is more dangerous to our immediate society than letting those under 18 think they can murder someone openly and not suffer consequences. 




 Questionable actions by a kid at night, creeping around a neighborgood then gets shot while assaulting a guard - Obama calls him his son, leads a firestorm of racist supposition.

Clearly innocent kid gunned down randomly by an openly racist kid and his friends - Obama hasn't said a word.

Interesting. 









 The two are about neck and neck imo. Both show the depths government is willing to go to get its way. 














 I don't think any of them are capable of feeling.  



















 Who cares? 









 Transgendered people suffer from a form of body image distortion in my opinion. I'm not sure it's the same thing. I am frustrated when they are lumped together with bi/homosexual men and women. Trans is a different animal. It's like saying "All blacks,Asians and Arabs are the same because they are all minorities!"

Not the same at all. 




 I dated a gay man once who didn't believe in bisexualism. He did not handle it well when I left him for a woman. 




 SAY THAT TO MY ONLINE FUCKER, AND NOT FACE AND SEE WHAT HAPPENS FAGET 









 YOU -'- RE A FAGGOT, FAGGOT 









 Lets ogle at bones. Theres nothing primitive about that at all. 




 Racism isn't funny. 




 Wow, not only do you know how to link to my profile but you can post links to? Look at you go! Next you'll be pooping all by yourself! 




 No time today but I will as soon as I can. She has band practice Saturday so I probably can email them to myself and clean up before she's back. 




 No it isn't. We give Israel the money, there are zero repayment terms for Israel. They are waived. No repayment. No interest. Nothing. 




 Not that I have to explain myself to anyone, but sure. A country that dictates our policy, ridicules our economics in open public addresses and has less national debt than we do should be, in theory, able to support themselves without attaching their lips to our nipples. Just my opinion, but handing aid to a country that has repeatedly been caught spying in our government and repeatedly acts without consulting us (normally to the detriment of the entire middle eastern region) is not someone we should be shoveling hundreds of millions to when we have major economic problems in this country that could use those funds. 




 Yep, posting random figures without checking them is great work... 




 How? We have caught, in the past 15 years, more Israeli spies working in our government than any other country. They openly refer to us as cattle.  The blatantly refuse to end the temper tantrum known as the Gaza incursion and are dragging us and every other democratic society into the fray. In fact, I can't think of one single thing Israel has done for us.  




 http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/israel-will-lose-175-million-in-u-s-foreign-aid-due-to-sequestration-cuts.premium-1.506024 




 Now this is an answer that makes sense to me. Thanks. It would technically not be searching ones PC, but their use of open lines. Gotcha, thanks for shedding some light on that. 




 Now name calling. Your intellect and penis size must be genuinely profound sir because I for one am impressed. 




 That is what I found interesting. I was curious if this argument has ever been applied to corporations. Can the use of a service forfeit certain rights? Radical example, could a woman working for WalMart legally be told by the company that she is not allowed to vote? 




 1. You're assuming I mean this to apply to me. Poor stance.
2. You're assuming a stranger on the internet could not possibly read. Poor presentation.
3. You use arbitrary betting and worthless words instead of facts or sources. Wasted time.

Thanks though. Appreciate your effort. 




 So the federal ruling granting students the right to privacy from their educational institutions, which are not government entities, is incorrect?

For reference:
http://education-law.lawyers.com/school-law/Students-Have-Privacy-Rights-Under-the-Fourth-Amendment.html 




 Based on what precedent? This is what I am trying to ascertain. 




 No, it doesn't specify government.

"The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized" 




 Based on what? If you're using Mcdonalds drive through, can they search your car? 




 We as a country have a little bit more to worry about right now than a pretty little soundbite that they can throw up in the 2014 election cycle. This is nice, but since the research was PAID FOR BY US, it isn't exactly a nice gesture to GIVE THE RESULTS TO US. 




