 I'm not sure if this is the place for this, but about a month or so ago, my brother's girlfriend broke up with him. Ever since, he's taken it incredibly hard. He's utterly inconsolable and it seems no one can really get through to him. 

I've tried chatting with him about it, having had my share of lady troubles in the past, but it's no good. He had once confided in me while they were still together that he saw them as being quite serious. I played it off as him being a high-schooler and thus given to such fancies, but it's obvious that he cared deeply for her. 

I don't want him to continue being so depressed, Reddit, as he's exceptionally bright, his terrific grades have begun to falter somewhat, and he's got a full ride scholarship that I fear he may be jeopardizing. 

Help me get my brother through this, guys. 




 A few months ago, it was not uncommon to be able to find Makarovs at J G, Cheaper Than Dirt and others for sale at a fair price but now I can't seem to find them. What happened, gunnit? 












































 For me, it has to be 922r. What practical purpose could it serve to limit the amount of foreign parts you have on an arbitrarily defined "assault weapon?" I think the rationale is to prevent the importation of military style weapons, but there are a plethora of US made parts that render this purpose moot. It's absolutely retarded. 

Does anyone else agree or can you come up with a worse law? 





























 I don't even have much idea as to where to start with this, but I suppose I can just ask my questions here and hope for answers.

1. Are there any other Communists in this general region?

     a. Are there any Communist organizations in Georgia?
   
     b. Are there any [/r/Communism](/r/Communism) readers in the state? 


2. What is the best way to spread Communist ideas in such a traditionally anti-Communist region?

3. What is the best way for one in such a politically isolated area to contribute to the cause of the Proletariat? 

4. Finally, is there any suggested reading for someone in this dicey political climate? 

Thank you for your time and consideration, comrades. 
























 An e-gift card to Papa Johns can go a long way and I now have food for the rest of the month thanks to my generous benefactor. 

Thanks to a current deal, [I got three medium pizzas and a 2-liter of Dr Pepper.](http://i.imgur.com/UyoVO.jpg) I fully intend to pay this forward once I get my pay on the 1st of next month. So from the bottom of my heart, thanks Fapocalypse_Now.


Doo doo butter. 



































































































 I consider myself a liberal and I have for quite some time. The Left's advocacy for egalitarian treatment for all, social services and better living conditions while advancing human rights is just common sense, to me, and the Left seems to be the only end of the spectrum concerning itself with these noble goals.

However, I have noticed that the one right that progressives by and large tend to ignore is firearm rights. So, my question, being a left winger who is also a firearms enthusiast, is this: why are so many progressives anti-gun? Aren't firearms the last line of defense people have against their government? 







































 I'm looking for a job for my fiancee. We're willing to move absolutely anywhere and could really use the job. She has a four year degree from UC Berkeley in Molecular and Cellular Biology and can happily furnish details on demand.  



















 Hi, /r/Atlantans! I'm engaged but in a long distance relationship and next month, my lovely fiancee is coming to Atlanta. I myself try to get to Atlanta every chance I get, but I am not in town often enough to know any of the good restaurants to which I could treat her and I don't know which ones would be accessible for my wheelchair. Further, we are somewhat strapped for cash as college is very expensive and most of our spare funds are spent on airfare whenever we can get it.

Therefore, I would like /r/Atlanta's advice. What would be an accessible and reasonably priced, yet delicious and memorable dining experience to which I could treat my beloved? 

BONUS: You might remember us if you went to the Dragoncon meetup. We were [these](http://i.imgur.com/YynFY.jpg) people. 









 I'm in a wheelchair and there don't appear to be many couples' cosplays involving wheelchairs. Does anyone have any suggestions?  
































































 Basically, I'm asking for volunteers. I have successfully mapped from the end of the blue line to my village Leningrad and would like volunteers to help me make it a bona-fide road. Any takers? 




 In the process of ghetto rigging it, I totally felt like the Doctor; especially once it pinged back on. I think I may be watching too much. 









 With the recent transgressions against the peaceful protests, the brutality of the corporate police and the unwillingness of OWS moderators to allow discussion of anything but the most bleeding hearted pacifism, I think a new platform is needed to discuss - purely hypothetically and without any limitation - how we should proceed if the peaceful protesters continue to be ground into the dirt by police. 

Sure, it's just Atlanta and Oakland now, but what next? Do you really think Bloomberg will let the protesters stay on Wall Street for long? I do not advocate violence, but surely we've enough freedom left in this country to spread the word that we don't have to be docile little bitches for our corporate lords, right? 



















 My fiancee and I just watched [The Fantastic Four](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omKd_bUQlXo) - the 1994 unreleased film - and it was the most hilarious thing we've seen in quite some time. Do you guys have any truly awful films, and does anyone else like to do this? 

















































 I don't even know if this is the right place to ask this, but I was wondering if anybody in the area would like to buy my old Soviet Army uniform. 

It's in perfectly good shape, but I've got bills to pay and I bought it at a point where, well... I didn't have bills to pay. It's of 1980s vintage and hasn't been worn since the Communications Bureau in Ukraine divested itself of it.

Pics below

[Front](http://i.imgur.com/QUr12.jpg)

[Sleeve](http://i.imgur.com/Zcumv.jpg)

[Liner info](http://i.imgur.com/ouXFT.jpg)

It includes the jacket and pants. The jacket is sized 51 centimeters at the chest and the pants have no sizing information, but should fit anyone who can fit into the jacket. I am selling it for $125, but the price is negotiable. Let me know if you're interested!
 












































 So, I'm disabled: a through the knee amputation that requires me to use a wheelchair. Here's the kicker, though: I love urban exploration and have always wanted to give it a try. However, abandoned buildings tend not to have working elevators and since they're generally very old, they almost always lack ramps where they're needed. So my question is this: can anyone think of a way to go urban exploring while in a wheelchair? 

Miscellaneous, helpful information: I am fairly mobile outside of my chair, though it's restricted to crawling and that's not wise in crumbling ruins, and my chair is manual so I don't have to charge it or anything. 

I know this is an unusual question and I'm honestly not expecting a miracle here, but if anyone has any information at all, I'd consider it a boon. Thanks for reading! 









 I've not really posted here much, but my fiance has; so bear with me if you don't mind. 

As you are all, I'm sure, acutely aware; the night is the absolute worst time of day to be missing your lover. It isn't so bad during the day, because I can text or call her and she texts and calls me. At night, though, as I try to sleep, I feel her absence very keenly - as though a part of me were missing. After noticing we were both on Google+, I texted her and we chatted for a while on Skype and she missed me as horribly as I missed her. This is a common course of events.

I want to know, /r/LongDistance, if you have any tips to alleviate our longing for each other. Is there anything we can do or - perhaps - send each other to make our beds feel less empty at night?  









 I don't know if this is related to Minecraft.net or a problem on my machine, but this morning, the launcher wouldn't let me login. I shrugged it off and waited a few hours until noon. I tried again and the same thing happened. It is now 18:29 and I have tried for a third time, to no avail. I've already updated Java so I don't see what else the issue could be. Any tips?

**EDIT: PROBLEM RESOLVED** Downloading the new launcher has fixed everything.  





























 We were the obnoxious making out couple at the meetup. I was dressed as Adama and in a wheelchair while she was the sexy lady in my lap. 

Our camera was awful and we only got a few pictures, but I kinda wish we had more pics of the convention, so if anyone wants to help me find pictures of ourselves, I would appreciate it. She didn't cosplay, but I did on Friday and Saturday as an East German soldier and Commander Adama respectively. If you can help, I'll thank you forever! 




 Just an idea I had thought of for this subreddit. Feel free to shoot it down, but I'm in Con Drop mode so hear me out. 

What if we had flair for this subreddit and it was what we want to cosplay next year? Reactions: go!  









 Anyone want another meetup tomorrow? My fiance and I had fun.

EDIT: FUCK IT, I MADE ONE.

6PM SUNDAY
Marriott, 10th floor lounge. Be there or you hate reddit and might end up getting robbed by Andy Warhol's ghost.

Trufax. 














 Now I can't get back to sleep. :( 



















 I'm getting into town on Thursday and I was wondering if anyone else had anything planned for Thursday evening. A lot of my friends won't get in til Friday, so I was thinking it might be a good idea to see what my fellow Reddit congoers are doing. 




 I have noticed, when looking at pictures of countries outside of North America and Western Europe that there seems to be no care given to public access for disabled people. I am very curious as to why this is the case, as at some point in the future I would love to travel. 

I know this is a very broad and general question, but it seems like if the United States - as backwards as we are in accommodating those outside the mainstream - can make laws mandating access for handicapped persons, other countries might do the same. I would love to hear what anyone might have to say on the matter. 
























 There was a picture that was presented twice, the first time being pirates storming a ship with something to the effect of "We're here for yer booty." And the words: How most people view piracy.

The image was again repeated, the second time saying something like "How it really is" with the pirate captain stating "We be here to make copies of all yer cargo." Of note was a toothless pirate scab saying something to the effect of "Where be the amputee porn?" Or something. Anyone got this?

SOLVED BY THE RENWALLZ. THANKS, THE RENWALLZ. 
















































































































































 I was there last Friday celebrating my birthday and I have got to know... How on Earth did it take me this long to go there? That was so awesome. Are there any other Lips fans on /r/reddit? 



















