 To read what happened before now, go here. (https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/3cw6dx/i_think_someone_is_stalking_me_please_help/)

Thank you to those who commented some suggestions last night when I posted my dilemma. I wasnt familiar with memory gaps, but I can assure you I have no mental health discrepancies and something like this has never happened before. I just figured I should keep whoevers reading this updated. Things have gotten worse.

I barely got any sleep last night. It took me a while to type out what was happening, and the entire time I couldnt shake the feeling that I was being watched. I closed my drapes and closet doors so that there were no peepholes into my bedroom, but I couldnt lose that eerie feeling that seemed to hang over me, weighing me down. Early this morning, I decided the best thing to do would be to talk to campus security. Like a couple of you had suggested, I figured that occurrences like this had to be somewhat common, or at least not completely foreign. 

I walked down to the station with the photograph in hand. I tried my best to explain to the police officer what had happened, but he regarded my situation with little interest. He speculated that I may have gotten too drunk to remember this Ez guy, and that one of my roommates had put the photo in my room. As Im sure you could imagine, his answers were far from settling. I insisted that he look at the hallway camera videos from the past couple of days to see if anyone had snuck in to plant the photograph. Begrudgingly, he did. We watched a time-lapse video of everything that went on in my hallway and outside my dorm room from the last 48 hours, and to my demise, nothing seemed especially odd. I saw my roommates come in and out, sometimes bringing food or friends with them. The only thing that miffed me was my own patterns. According to the video, on the evening of July 9th (two days ago), I didnt come back to my dorm until 4:30 AM. I know I went to a party that night, but I dont remember staying out that late. I guess I hadnt really kept track of the time. It tends to fly when youre having a good time.

After finishing the video, Campus Patrol guy was even less interested in my claims. He shooed me away and told me to come back if anything else happened, but not to worry about it right now. Quite obviously, this didnt solve anything. I kept asking what else I could do, or who else I could talk to, and he finally suggested that I talk to Mr. Stoltz, the head of the Anthropology department, about the camping trip I had heard so much about.
Luckily, Stoltz was still on campus for the weekend to help students with coursework. I rushed to his office to see what information he could provide. As soon as he saw me, he said Oh, Sunny! What a pleasure to see you! After the trip, I was starting to worry you would never come and visit me. How have you been? Hearing Sunny freaked me out no less than it had when others had said it. I calmly tried to explain what was happening, and I showed him the photograph with the scribbled-out face. He kept giving me these puzzled expressions, and opened up his laptop to show me more photos from the trip. Sure enough, there she was. Gripping a hulking backpack. Setting up a tent with other students. Throwing a fishing line into a lake. I assured him it wasnt me, it couldnt be me, there was no way I was a part of that trip. As I talked, I could hear myself starting to sound more and more crazed. After my ranting, he stood up and put a hand on my shoulder. He said something like, Summer, Im not really sure whats going on, but I think it may be good if you went back to your dorm and got some rest. Maybe then youll start to see things more clearly. I left feeling even worse.

I went back to my dorm room. I really didnt want to get my mom involved, worried I would scare her too much. But I figured she was one of my last options. Ive called her over and over, but it seems shes been busy. Im praying shell call me back soon. I want to go home. I want to go home so badly.

Ive been in my dorm all day, worried to go outside. Call me paranoid, but all of this is too much for me to take in. I know Im safe in here, and I know that no one else can get in without a key card. But guys, while I was typing this I got this email and Im freaking out. I think Im losing it. This is the message I just got.

sunny, i bet you thought i wouludnt find out. i bet you thought that dumbass wouldnt spill. but im not stupid and neithher are u. i kno what u did to heather nd ur nothng but a sckanky whore sunny so dont think ull get away u messed with a bad bitch sunny and dont think ull get out of this easy. dont bother watching for me im coming when you dont expect it. your gonna wished you never screwed me over sunnyy

It came from this jumbled-up email, and when I searched it on Google it said it no longer exists. Im so scared, and this Ez guy, hes been calling me all day, and Im too terrified to answer. He keeps sending these texts urging me to call him but I just cant. Im blocking his number. Im freaking out. I dont know what to do. Im terrified. Whoever this girl is, shes done something really wrong, and I dont know how to convince people that she isnt me. Im terrified. Please help me, please help me please help me please 




