 I agree with Krugman about being suspicious about bipartisan social program reductions to what are referred to as "entitlements," but the term should broaden to include subsidies to industry, transportation and energy sectors. Labeling government funds for these industries as subsidies wrongly places the funds outside the narrative of deficit reduction, particularly when energy companies are enjoying record-breaking profits on a yearly basis. 




 More evidence of the United States' failing infrastructure. 




 If you want a true understanding of the financial black hole that is Lockheed Martin read *Prophets of War* by William D. Hartung. The F22 aircraft debacle was just a forewarning for the American taxpayer. 




 Sure, let's go ahead and add another war to the growing collection, because the American public certainly won't notice it. And think of all the jobs we could create by sending off troops to fight another unpopular war. A steady supply of dead soldiers would drive the unemployment rate down as new recruits joined the ranks. Damn that Obama for not seeing the light on Iran. 




 Blaming the tragedy on an act of 'sabotage' would provide the factory owners with a defense against prosecution or restitution. Does this mean another factory owner schemed against the 'sabotaged' factory? 




 After another viewing with special attention given to the archetypes and the director's explanation I've come to the conclusion that it ultimately didn't matter. From the minute the second lever was pulled, offering a blood sacrifice for a death that hadn't occurred, the final outcome had been determined. The director's explanation that in the rite the whore dies first, and the virgin last, but the order of the rest is left ambiguous. But it's a rite, and that means any step missed or taken out of order nullifies it. The big giveaway is when he pulls the second lever and both worlds experience an earthquake.

But leaving that aside, she fit the role of fool better than he fit it. In fact, of all the characters he was the least fooled of the group, and constantly called into question everything that was odd. His friends' odd personality changes, trying to stop the diary reading (drawing a line at the latin), finding the elevator - he recognized all these things. He could even be considered the virgin because of his uncomfortable reaction to the "whore" when she climbed on top of him. 




 Well, now you have me doubting myself, and I'll need to re-watch the movie to know definitively. My understanding was only the virgin could survive, and if he/she died, they had to be last. 




 Yes, but the girl wasn't the virgin, because she slept with her college professor. Her archetype was completely wrong. 




 I found the filmmaker's manipulation of longstanding societal sexual and drug norms especially interesting and funny. Just prior to all hell breaking loose, the controllers are popping champagne, while the girl, which they assume is the virgin, takes a horrible beating. The stoner is both the virgin and the hero, protected from manipulation by his weed. Sigourney Weaver tries to talk the girl into shooting the stoner, still believing the girl is the virgin, whose death the controllers are ambivilent about. The stoner as virgin was a smart twist to the story. 




 You are welcome. If you want more hidden film gems, give me a holler. 




 You're so right. The world would never see a McCain or Graham trying to push their political careers by "glomming onto what he thought would be a media-grabbing event." That takes no political courage. 




 [God Bless America](http://www.1channel.ch/watch-2732540-God-Bless-America) (2011)

[Detachment](http://www.1channel.ch/watch-2732095-Detachment) (2011)

[Boy Wonder](http://www.1channel.ch/watch-2366373-Boy-Wonder) (2011)

All three are recent films and speak to the contemporary sociological climate. 




 This is an example of political courage on Grayson's part; we need more of this from our elected officials. 




 Poor Egypt, it traded one dictator for another. 




 Let's begin with Meredith Vickers' role in the film, which is foil to David, the son her father never had, but remains imperfect because he doesn't possess a soul. She doesn't believe in the mission, but it offers her an opportunity to gain her father's respect, while also providing the means to out perform him. She, like her father, is obsessed with surviving, evidenced by the surgery machine, and her own living pod, which can operate independently of the ship. When the ship is threatened by possibly infected returning crewmen, she is willing to turn a flamethrower on them. As the ship begins its final push to intercept the "Engineer's" ship, she opts for an escape pod, knowing it only buys her a few more hours of life. When she discovers her father made the trip, she's lost her authority and any chance to out perform him, and all that's left is out living him. In the end, she had to die, crushed by the embodiment of her own disbelief. She dies soulless, like both David and her father. Of the three characters, David is the only one who really believed in the mission. 




 While part of Graham and McCain's plan may be to push the Republican agenda against Obama, I believe their true goal is to call into question budget cuts that will affect the military. By characterizing the incident in Benghazi as a threat to national security, it builds a case for avoiding Defense cuts which would hurt both men's constituency, as their state's have a heavy footprint in the military industrial complex.  




 An ad hominem argument for an ad hominem writer. 




 No...what I'm saying is the court system can find no reason to continue the recount, and Republicans will continue to find any straw to grasp upon to cast doubt on election results. 




 The conflation between West and California is absolutely relevant because it's being reported by multiple media outlets. If Fox News is your main source, they can twist those numbers around any way they like to an unquestioning viewership. I would've been ever more satisfied with a thorough Florida recount in 2000. 




 I predicted earlier on reddit that West would use the courts to keep power just a tiny bit longer. His inflammatory politics are the reason the Republican brand is toxic in California. 




 Another death caused by the ignorance of religious ideology. 




 The political right's ideology is so toxic it's made the word "liberal" sound positive. 




 No water = no city. 




 As the child of a mixed-race couple, I believe Obama's bubble of entitlement is quite a bit smaller than that of Romney. Whether the population wants to recognize the fact that race plays a significant role in societal branding, Obama's heritage forced him into the role of outsider, a position never occupied by Romney, the ultimate insider. 




 Hence, my original assertion that the short answer is water. 




 Romney's class lives in a bubble carefully constructed by handlers so that it reinforces a sense of entitlement that is completely undeserved. 




 You admit that it was built on a minor river, but ignoring that for now, whether or not its a major or capital city, its location was dependent on the availability of water. Many cities outgrow water sources, L.A. is a good example of this, but it still remains the common denominator for the success of an urban population. 




 The short answer is the availability of water. Every major city resides next to some body of water that supplies the population and allows for agriculture. "Maps of time" by David Christian explores history from a big history perspective and identifies water as the most important factor for the development of major cities. It is also our most fought over resource. 




 According to all the news reports I've read West chose the district to run for. 




 West is the epitome of the far-right extremist who refuses to believe that their losses aren't the results of a conspiracy. I predict he'll take the matters to a sympathetic court, thus tying up the results, allowing him to remain relevant for a few more short weeks. 




 I've read Colonel Roosevelt, the third book. 




 Go free-market capitalism. "I love being able to fire people." 




 There's a famous story of a hike along the Potomac that included Roosevelt, Gifford Pinchot, and a French ambassador. Realizing the would have to swim across the river, the three men stripped nude but the ambassador kept his white gloves on. When asked by Roosevelt why he kept the gloves one, the ambassador said, "One never knows when one will meet a lady." 




 Good call on Roosevelt - he hated being called Teddy - because he was truly a giant in the fitness arena. He judged American manhood on its fitness, and overcame severe asthma to build a fit body. He was a good, if not great boxer, and rode horses for days at a time on cattle drives. He once threatened to "kick the balls" of a political colleague in the NY Senate, and knocked out a cowboy who called him four-eyes. He single-handedly captured and returned a cattle thief to the local sheriff, and during the 1912 election campaign suffered a gunshot wound by an assassin but still spoke for 1.5 hours before going to hospital. He also spent time hunting in Africa, and is the only American president to have ventured into the Amazon rain forest; he almost died on the expedition, and the jungle's effects remained with him for the rest of his short life. He was also our most mentally fit president who devoured books at an amazing rate. He is our most literate president, having written 21(?) books, and won the Nobel Peace Prize while in office for brokering peace between Japan and Russia. It's sad that the Republican Party doesn't recognize him, eschewing him as an independent instead, because he was truly a president who cared about the people. 




 sure...
the origins of the urban crisis - thomas sugrue and 
arc of justice - kevin boyle 




 I can't believe no one has mentioned the policy of "Red lining" developed by the National Association of Realtors. The NAR issued guidelines designed to exclude African-american families from a community; also known as covenants, these rules included binding contracts signed by homeowners that declared the family would not sell their property to AAs. "White flight," assisted by the automobile, led to white middle- and working-class families moving farther from urban centers, and the development of suburbia. The rumors mentioned by the interviewees were fomented by the NAR because its members wanted to retain a monopoly position in setting housing prices. If class mixing became the norm, NAR representatives (realtors) could no longer charge customers inflated prices to maintain a white community. 




 When did Israel begin speaking for the US in relation to Palestine? 




 Hands down, the correct answer to this question. He was known world-wide as the individual who organized the feeding of war-torn nations after WWI. A really smart individual, Hoover was completely unprepared for a life of politics. 




 Supply-side economics, Reaganomics, trickle-down - they're all flip-sides of the same coin. David Stockman, the granddaddy of this movement, publicly admitted it was "voodoo economics" during a magazine interview, and stated it was the only way to sell the idea to the public. Dutch Reagan's greatest ability was as a shill, whether working for GE or the GOP, selling the idea of tax cuts for the wealthy to the blue-collar electorate. Sadly, this policy allowed industrialists and bankers to keep a majority of their profits, while moving their operations overseas to a cheaper labor market. Labor unions, the only real engine of change for the average working American, have been effectively rendered impotent. 




 Hence the reason we throw salt over our shoulders after spilling a bit if it. An evil spirit caused the spill, so tossing salt into its eyes blinded the spirit, allowing you to walk away and leave it behind. 




 My understanding of the population growth issue is that the proposed policies would provide more information about contraceptive use and abortion among the female populations of third-world countries. A more educated and informed female population, they argue, will allow them to better decide when conditions are appropriate for beginning a family. 




 "The things that will destroy America are prosperity-at-any-price, peace-at-any-price, safety-first instead of duty-first, the love of soft living, and the get-rich-quick theory of life."
Theodore Roosevelt

He also warned against the "wealthy criminal caste" who profited from inside deals. 




 oops..."own words". 




 My photojournalism professor, Ken Bisio, used to take our class up to ghost towns in the Foothills. Most people visiting the area don't realize the extent of mines that cover the region, with tunnels stacked on top of one another. There's also a bee-hive of tunnels that run underneath the state capital building. Access is limited because visitors have sometimes gotten lost for days in the tunnels. 




 What is the first rule of Fight Club? 




 Donald, Ada DiPace. Lion in the White House a life of Theodore Roosevelt. New York: Basic Books, 2007.

Egan, Timothy. The big burn: Teddy Roosevelt and the fire that saved America. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2009.

Brinkley, Douglas. The wilderness warrior Theodore Roosevelt and the crusade for America. Pymble, NSW; New York, NY: HarperCollins e-books, 2009. 




 I worked in restaurants for 20 years and part-time work is all most will allow a server. 




 Said in the voice of Stewie Griffin "Thank You". 




 Seems like the dailykos is guilty of doing the same thing CNN did in posting a sensationalized story. Reading the updates, it seems the author is doing quit a bit of backpedaling. 




 I would be greatly surprised if both campaigns didn't have staff that targeted social media by generating buzz through planted articles about their opponent. CNN has recently faced criticism for writing/publishing positive stories in support of Bahrain's government, and Fox News is a cheerleader for Republicans. I believe social media enhances the opportunities available for campaigns to attack opponents. 




 Romney is hoping a zinger will do for him what it did for Reagan, who dismissed worries about his advanced age by promising not to "hold his opponents inexperience against him." 




 I searched that list trying to find some commonality with Romney and just couldn't find any substance to the man's ideas. He's offered nothing but vagaries when asked to explain his policies. 




 Good call on the phrase, and it's the system U.S. automobile manufacturers utilized to sell more cars. Engine systems were designed to fail after x amount of miles, and American drivers just accepted it. However, when the Japanese entered the U.S. market with better reliability, American automobile manufacturers were forced to adapt or fail. 




 I won't pay to see a Stewart/O'Reilly debate, but I would pay for a Stewart/Taibbi vs O'Reilly/Hannity.  




 This is just one example of the intolerance that leaves me despising all religions. 




 You don't understand the role of a historian. It is to ask those questions, and follow the evidence where ever it leads the historian. That evidence is collected from a number of fields, and can often lead to controversy, particularly in a subject as explosive and narrow minded as religion. The Romans played a role in jesus's execution and constitute a relevant part in the narrative.  




 You've missed the point; jesus marriage is relevant to roman history because the "resurrection" takes place while he's in custody. Romans followed strict rules in dealing with dissidents and the family during burials because of the threat of martyrdom and its effect on the population at large. 




 Then we misunderstood one another. This professor's thesis is valid, and even more so because it has a basis in truth. Religion is predicated on NOT being able to prove that some union between the divine and humanity took place - take it on faith is the common mantra. My professor based his thesis on decades of historical and archaeological study conducted by scholars that are vetted and peer reviewed. The biblical record, when challenged, limps along behind its mantra of faith, demanding the blind, unquestioning obedience of its followers. 




 It is a thesis that carries the same academic weight as a virgin birth by a woman impregnated by an all-powerful being. 




 It is no more a "fun fan theory" than is the likelihood that a child was born of the union between a virgin woman and an all-powerful being to create a god on earth. The irony is that the "fun fan theory" is the more probable actuality between the two scenarios. 




 What I always find disconcerting about analysis of biblical text is the disregard we have for the evolutionary process of christianity from a jewish sect to mainstream religion. Any argument regarding jesus's marital status is immediately suspect and subject to derision. A contemporary self-identifying christian would hardly recognize a 1st century christian, and they certainly wouldn't possess the necessary courage to die for it as did early christians. That christianity adopted much of the essenes's beliefs, especially baptism, is readily accepted by many roman history scholars, but remains a point of contention with religious fundamentalists.

The downvotes remind me that religion has no use for objective/subjective historical studies. 




 I took an undergrad Roman history class with a professor who told students on the first day of class that if they were christians, his lectures would offend them, and encouraged them to have an open mind. Invariably, he said, at least one student would complain to the dean and demand he change his lectures. In his lectures, he stated that jesus and mary magdalene were married, and offered as proof the biblical accounts of the Roman execution and the handling of jesus's body. Romans, he said, were very strict in the handling of dissident's bodies, and would only allow immediate family members or the wife to view the body. Roman leadership constantly monitored local attitudes to keep the masses in check, and restricting access to the dissident's body was one of those measures. 




 Savages...all I could think was London Bridge. 




 Dwight Eisenhower warned Americans about the dangerous nature of the military industrial complex. 




 Kissinger would call FDR's actions, Realpolitik, but I'm angrier about the US keeping the information hidden for such a long period of time. Anyone would might have found closure in regards to relatives or friends has long since died. 




 Thank you, sir, for giving a very good example of the Republican voter; I, however, am an independent voter and offer analysis of the parties' messages to the nation. My generalization of Dems as inclusive is based in part on the conventions participants. Undeniably, the Republican convention participants presented a majority "white" conservative demographic, and on one occasion acted less than inclusive by shouting down a Republican Puerto Rico speaker. The Dems convention participants, on the other hand, offered a clear example of the "melting pot" mentality so proudly offered on the symbol of American freedom - the Statue of Liberty.

As for blaming Republicans on the credit downgrade, I'm going to repeat what I wrote earlier - Americans are not stupid. They also won't forget the Tea and Republican parties' roles in killing jobs bills that could offer American's employment. 




 You present a good point, and one I have heard but hadn't thought about; thank you for pointing that out. 




 Johnson's political and media footprint is difficult to track. If you have plausible links, or can point me in that direction, I'll be happy to do a workup for him, as well. 




 This is simply not true as I offered examples that support these thoughts. If I'm missing the Republican message, it's because the message is garbled. 




 Well, if we're going to extrapolate this out to include yourself, in a real world sense you'd probably be my boss somewhere and, depending on your abilities, I'd consider you a good/bad leader. As leader, you'd offer feedback to guide me in my duties, but if you constantly changed the rules, or adopted a do-as-I-say-not-as-I-do attitude, my work environment would be pretty unbearable. At this point I've got a good feel for what Obama believes and I don't agree with a number of his policies; my greatest complaint with Romney is his cardboard-cutout political identity. Unless he can offer me substance in his position, I'm going to believe "the devil I know is better than the one I don't." 




 I included them because they impact his policy decisions and speak to his understanding of the income divide that haunts this country, while also being indicative of Romney's character as a person and leader. 




 I've voted in every presidential election since Dutch Reagan. I voted twice for Reagan, once for Bush, Sr., Clinton, Bush,Jr., Kerry, Obama. I weigh the pros and cons of the candidate and his/her party, however, the current iteration of Republicans have gone so far right that it stresses my ability to follow. I don't believe those individuals following the current political climate and the parties' platforms are going to find much fault with my analysis. If you find my view alien or "democrat" it is because we come from different socioeconomic backgrounds, and that's okay. 




 Thank you, this was helps me understand the ideology a little better. 




 Wait, aren't Buddhist monks touted as a peaceful and inclusive bunch? 




 What, no outlaw Josey Wales? He does share a connection to Reagan after sharing the screen with a orangutan in Every Which Way But Loose. 




 I would make the same argument about the american dollar. 




 You, sir, are correct. So would Dutch Reagan. 




 I never really paid attention to his political career before and had forgotten that he was a mayor; thank you for that. I tied his ideology to the first film he directed, "A Perfect World," and its message of authority's overreaction to the misunderstood individual. Directors generally make a statement through the scripts they accept and by their film's motifs. My impression of Eastwood stems from the liberal nature of this film. 




 This means he falls into the same category of leaders as Pharaoh. Does this leave him susceptible to a god complex?  




 The Russian blockade of Berlin was the result of France, Britain, and the US decision to institute a currency change that would devalue the Soviet's currency. 




 In other words, Mitt Romney. 




 So he actually believes he'll be a god in the afterlife? 




 I'm particularly interested in whether Romney has performed exaltation or endowment ceremonies, both of which speak directly to his character. 




 Warren Olney interviewed several strategists on his "To the Point" show and they said Ryan's speech was intended to reach the "low-information voter" or the "information adverse voter." This group, they said, won't care about fact checking, and both parties are trying to capture this demographic by utilizing over-the-top arguments and lies. Ryan's association of his grandmother and mother with Medicare and Medicaid speaks to this crowd, according to these political strategists.  




 There are two articles on my reddit front page that address the worry about whether journalists and their publications should simply parrot the Rep/Dem message while fact-checking organizations decide the veracity of the facts. During studies for my journalism degree, professors consistently insisted on objectivity in my writing, and that I backup my reporting with facts. Taibbi's writing is not objective, but it is substantive as he provides verifiable evidence. If forced to compare Taibbi to another historical figure, Will Rogers or Mark Twain jump to mind because they voiced opinions that spoke to their listeners/readers. Much like Rogers or Twain, Taibbi understands and voices the outrage experienced by the average American in relation to the contemporary political and economic situation.  




 Here is the citation for the quote: Troy, Gil. The Reagan revolution. New York: Sterling, 2011. pg19.

Troy is a pro-Reagan biographer who touted this quote as one of Reagan's strengths. He also stated that Reagan was against civil rights, believing states should be in charge of their citizen's rights. 




 I love the insane colors the squid emits when the bass is dropped. 




 Always keep in the back of your mind that the same allegations were made against Iraq. 




 Well, thank you again for the suggestion. 




 I appreciate the input, however, you began the statement with the qualifier "presumably." Does this mean you've never published before, because I'm asking for concrete advice on how to assure the paper's publication? 




 I've written a paper that I would like to see published that compares the relative merits of two republican presidents. How do I get this paper published? 




 This story also has a very concise listing of Syria's air-defense systems and its capabilities. 




 Standard oil used the same argument when it was crushing the labor union movement at the turn of the 20th century. It blamed all the unrest on the worker while ignoring the company's role. 




 These conditions existed between industry and labor in the U.S. during the period from 1880-1950. Industry hired their own police force in addition to the local police. Henry Ford's thugs were known to be particularly brutal, as was the McCormick family's security. The pollution factor was also a problem during this period until the EPA began regulating industry. It's sad that Shell can do such harm to African nations. 




 I share your frustration with the sorry state of America's social system, and it's my major complaint with the Pro-life bunch in that any empathy for a child dissipates when it exits the womb. After that, it's the mother/father's responsibility to care for the child, regardless of the economic/social environment. Poverty is no longer confined to the urban landscape, as suburban cities are now experiencing the economic contractions and high unemployment. IMO the conservatives that agitate so strenuously for anti-abortion are also the ones that would cut social services because it encourages people not to work. I don't know one person who wants to be poor just to collect government assistance or health care. The poorest members of our society don't have the ready access to birth control, and may not even recognize they're pregnant. Having a child drastically changes the future economic options for parents, and if they're already in bad financial shape, the child will pay for it. I guess I'm angry that conservatives concern for children appears to stop at the womb. 




 If you tell a lie loud enough, and long enough, it will be believed unless the media exposes it. 




 I wonder if the public will see anyone at Standard Chartered prosecuted? 




 The article states that the group has no power to implement change, so it's basically wasting money the poor could use for food on a meeting to bitch about how much the poor need food. 




 NO WAY!!!! WELL WHAT DO YA KNOW!!!! HEY EVERYBODY, WE LANDED ON THE MOON. 




 Ahh, George Carlin would be proud of you. "It's not shell shock, its PTSD, a much less ominous sounding, dangerous thing." 




 So the contemporary U.S. is, by your definition, a fascist state? Corporate entities now represent America's interests, and the Supreme Court granted them personhood. In your representation of unions, you state the NRA "grouped workers into unions," however, in reality, unionization was a grassroots movement. It really began with the Wobblies in the late 1900s, but without government support, the movement went into hibernation. To aver that the government grouped workers into unions doesn't jibe with the research I've done the movement.

edit: I also meant to address your statement was not the same as the NRA, but it was an extension of the program. Now, the Supreme Court decided that portions of the NRA were indeed constitutional, in which case they were extended under a new program name. 




 My understanding of the Wagner Act is that it allowed the National Labor Relations Board to monitor union elections and assure no foul play. Prior to the Wagner Act, "workers could be beaten by supervisors and fired at will, and management determined the length of the workday and speed of the assembly line. (Give Me Liberty - Eric Foner p.813) As for the Works Progress Administration, it built 500k miles of roads, 600 airports, stadiums, sewage treatment plants, while also developing histories and guidebooks for all 48 states. The arts portion also painted murals in buildings, and compiled an oral history of the remaining slaves still alive.(Ibid, p818)

Now, that's my understanding of the Wagner Act and NRA. Before this conversation progresses any further, would you please give me your understanding of Fascism? And, perhaps the source from which you quoted, just so I can understand the context of FDR's words. 




 I believe the issue depends on who's doing the judging. For example, Theodore Roosevelt was extremely popular with the people, but the Republican party and industry considered his policies a disaster. When he declared large portions of land under federal jurisdiction in order to form the many national parks we now enjoy, Republicans and industry (railroads, lumber supply, mining) were enraged. By attacking the trusts, TR basically knee-capped the Republican fundraising machine. While historians still recognize the value of TR's policies in relation to the nation at large, Republicans still ignore him, or label him a Progressive. 




 Wow...you studied a very different version of FDR and the New Deal than the one I know. Especially in regards to the Wagner Act, because labor unions at one time benefited the working class. It helped build the strong middle class that is now in decline because unions are discouraged. And in no reading of FDR's New Deal policies have I found any narrative that credits fascism for its structure. 




 IMHO, this women reflects the prevailing attitude of conservative christians. My older brother is a Church of Christ member in Tennessee, and he believes the LGBT movement is a plot by satan to conquer the world. 




 Where's the (Not Satire) guy when you need him? 




 that was my second guess, but after finding such an apt dictionary definition, I decided to go with it. 




 I checked for the definition of surd and found it's:

1. Phonetics . voiceless ( opposed to sonant).
2. Mathematics . (of a quantity) not capable of being expressed in rational numbers; irrational.

noun

3. Phonetics . a voiceless consonant ( opposed to sonant).
4. Mathematics . a surd quantity.  




 I see nothing wrong with credentials; it is a requirement in order to teach at most universities. I have to ask myself, "From whom would I rather receive historical information: Professor Lawrence Baron or Mike the carpenter? 




 Wow...how did you find your way into the askhistorians subreddit? 




 Thank you for the link but this is just a reiteration of all the explanations I've read. My interest is in whether a real investigation took place and if so, where are the records and have they been independently confirmed? 




 While teaching, I required students to read the book as a means to understand the deeply personal price AA's paid for trying to reach the "American Dream." 




 Sugrue and Cohen trace the environmental factors, but both authors focus on the social and economic development of both cities. I offered the OP these books because they fully explain why the two cities went in different direction. 




 An attempt to explain Chicago's success and Detroit's decline is simply too restricted by the forum on reddit. I've listed three books below that explain in chilling detail the different routes both cities followed, and why Detroit languished. Vampire offers a general explanation but the books below delve into the social, class, and race aspects of the two cities. You may want to read Arc of Justice first because it is an easy and entertaining book about an African American man's dream to own a home, and white society's effort to crush that dream. Thomas Sugrue's book is for an academic audience, but it explains the socioeconomic blueprint for Detroit's urban decline. Sadly, this blueprint also explains the decline in what is now popularly known as the rustbelt. Finally, Cohen's book explains why Chicago grasped onto the New Deal programs which allowed the city to flourish. 

The origins of the urban crisis : race and inequality in postwar Detroit - Thomas Sugrue

Arc of justice a saga of race, civil rights, and murder in the Jazz Age - Kevin Boyle

Making a new deal : industrial workers in Chicago, 1919-1939 - Lizabeth Cohen 




 Stephen Colbert's photo makes such a kick-ass statement. 




 Why is Gardiner watching Jersey Shore? 




 DO NOT LET FACTS GET IN THE WAY OF A GOOD STORY. I reject your reality, and replace it with my own. 




 Here's what I think really happened: The guy comes into the restaurant after having smoked a boatload of weed. Stoned and hungry, he orders and eats most of this dinner. He takes a big wad of dough out to pay the bill, and asks for a take-home box. He puts money on the bill, pockets the napkins, and throws the money (which he's mistaken for the napkins) in the take-home box. He thinks, "do I really wanna lug that take-home box on my errands? Nope, I'll just leave it here." 




 Let's just concentrate on the act itself. RR took classified film, copied it, and made it available to two individuals. BM took classified video, email, and audio information, copied it, and made it available to the public. Both acts were  ideologically driven and occurred while serving in the U.S. Army, and neither action was sanctioned. You can be an apologist for RR, but there is no doubt he committed the same offense as BM. 




 Semantics. 




 Shucks...I was really looking forward to seeing the results from my search of "reagan mutant titty gasoline". 




 Did anybody else expect [this](http://www.nba.com/lakers/roster/11players_mettaworldpeace.html)? 




 I've viewed some good answers below, however if we constrain the answer to "Cold War" and "communism", I can offer another opinion.
First, I'm defining communism as antithetical to capitalism, and a one party state governed by a single individual. Second, the Cold War is defined as the reaction to this struggle.

According to J.L. Gaddis, the roots of the cold war stretch to the brief American military intervention during the October Revolution. The distrust Stalin had for the US began during this period. Americans were seen as interlopers that embraced a capitalistic predation in order to control the masses. This is the view presented by George Kennan's Long Telegram and the beginning of US containment policy.

There is another much deeper element to this story however - the conflation of socialism with communism. In America's labor history, socialists play a very important role; they were great organizers and understood how to speak to the masses in relation to economic inequality and unfair working conditions. Socialists also created some very gifted writers. Often they recruited within the movie industry, a maven for creative writers. The socialist's impact on labor did not go unnoticed by the feds or Wall street. This conflation between socialism and communism was an ongoing process that accelerated during and after WWII. 

The cold war really caught fire with the House Committee on Un-American Activities in 1947. Former Hollywood notables (Ron Reagan) claimed the movie industry was rife with communists, resulting in HUAC and the Hollywood Blacklist.

On the government side, Joe McCarthy began a witch-hunt in the State Department. The American public had good reason to believe there were communist spies everywhere. During this period the feds uncovered the Silvermaster Group and the Rosenburgs, while the Brits nabbed Alger Hiss. McCarthy's hunt finally ended when he took on the Army; the backlash ended his political career, and alcohol took his life.

There you have it...I don't feel like typing anymore. 




 There might not be anything fishy going on at all, but that's no reason to stop making perfectly good conspiracy theories. 




 If you decide to pursue a graduate degree in history, the seminar on historical methods is usually required in the first semester/quarter. Hayden White, Karl Marx, Leopold van Ranke, Jacob Burckhardt, and Immanuel Kant are usually included because they represent different styles of historical research. White's thesis in *Metahistory* is that when a historian writes about an event, they use a historical method of writing such as Marxist, post-modern, revisionist, Annales, big history, and so on. Contemporary historians can identify the writer's method by studying the linguistic properties utilized. What Mr_Quacky alluded to "when historians write 'History' with a capital H" is that the winners in a conflict will write the history of that conflict in a manner with which the reader identifies. By studying the historian's use of language, the reader is able to identify the objective vs. subjective argument that is the framework of the underlying narrative. 




 Lately I've posted a number of stories that relate to North Korea, but being banned without posting to the subreddit did throw me for a loop. 




 The governments got to keep those prisons filled. I envision a future where prisons are offered to political lackeys, much as a fiefdom was given to loyal knights.   




 He's correct on a lot of levels, but especially in relation to branding the "other." Racial politics and branding span the entirety of U.S. politics; Jefferson was smeared by his opponents for his affair with a slave. More importantly, most Americans are so limited in their knowledge of U.S. history that they believe race was defined in the white and black dichotomy. In *Wages of Whiteness: Race and the Making of the American Working Class*, David Roediger writes about the different layers of whiteness, with Irish and East European personages falling under the umbrella of the "negro." Home ownership became the main vehicle for this group to earn their "white" designation. Owning a home implied a person was trustworthy, hardworking, and stable.  




 OOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooooooooooooooooooopppppppppppppppsssssssss 




 How strange...most of the historians that I know possess a sense of humor. 




 "The little fella was immediately snapped up by Geico," a spokesperson for the insurance company reported. "That little green bastard we're currently using has become really annoying."  




 Go to [this](http://www.archive.org/index.php) website and do a search for "Westinghouse" and you'll find some very nice primary source videos of late nineteenth- and early twentieth-century industrialization.  




 I'm with IvyGold on this one; I've seen more violence from the Brits in soccer videos. 




 I've got two books that may help you: 

*The Middle East Today* by Don Peretz. It's a fairly thick read but the first half of the book explains the Ottoman political system and how the various Middle East nations were carved from its remains.

*The Ottoman Empire: 1700-1922* by Donald Quataert. 




 "Hi...you don't know me, but that's because I didn't use Twitter, Facebook, Google, or any of the other identity/information collection websites. How's that Big Brother thing working out for you?" 




 I just finished researching T. Roosevelt's background and involvement in the Spanish-American War. Events leading up to that war mirror the incidents of 9/11 and WMD as pretexts to war. They even had a term for these war enthusiasts - Jingoes. *The War Lovers: Roosevelt, Lodge, Hearst, and the Rush to Empire* by Evan Thomas offers a really succinct account of the S-A war and it's like reading an account of present day events. 




 Arthur did pass the civil service act but it had no teeth. As Washington civil service commissioner, TR put in place a testing system and expanded the number of positions under the civil service purview, removing tens of thousand of patronage jobs. As for "managed capitalism", if you could offer a definition of just what this term means in your world I might be able to better respond.  




 The system he wanted to build increased, not decreased, cronyism.

This is simply untrue. TR changed the Civil Service process to include an exam to qualify that the applicant was indeed fit for the job. Before TR's changes, civil service positions were used by politicians as a means of reward for their friends. He changed civil service by replacing a system where jobs were sold to the highest bidder with a merit system based on examination. His trust busting campaigns also earned him scorn from contemporary wealthy scions and his own Republican Party. 




 Actually, TR consistently railed against crony capitalism and the influence of corporations in the election process. He possessed the political courage to rebel against his own party, a quality that is seriously lacking in today's politician. 




 You've given a really informed explanation; I would just add that the line between the two is often blurred when studying about race or religion. 




 Well, considering a large majority of cowboys were black or mexican, I imagine they spoke with their local dialect. Their terminology was very specific to the work environment, appearing exotic to the uninitiated. 




 If you want a really interesting and detailed account I suggest *Creating an American Culture, 1775-1800: A Brief History with Documents* by Eve Kornfeld. You'll learn about the collaboration between Noah Webster (dictionary) and Ben Franklin to create alternate American spellings for British words. The book contains writings from Webster using his radical methods; when originally published, his writings were ridiculed by the American public. There's also a section on Benjamin Rush, the father of the American education system. His ideas influenced the teaching of American english to post-Revolutionary students. 




 The major reason the South voted Democrat centers around the wide-spread use of voter suppression methods to restrict black voting. The Republican's waving of the "bloody shirt" and its moniker, the Party of Lincoln, resounded among black voters but the Southern Democrats used legal/extralegal intimidation to keep African-American voters at home on election day. Voter suppression remained a problem well into the 1960s, culminating in the "Freedom Riders" who actively worked to register Southern AA. Sadly, some of those who participated lost their lives to the cause.

Lyndon Johnson's welfare legislation was intended to help AA transition from a position of poverty with the Great Society programs. Johnson said, "You do not take a person who, for years, has been hobbled by chains and liberate him, bring him up to the starting line of a race and then say, `You are free to compete with an the others,' and still justly believe that you have been completely fair."

When Nixon arrived in office he began dismantling Great Society programs, a trend that has continued with every Republican president. Because AA are especially sensitive to the need for a strong social safety net, they tend to vote Democrat now. 




 While a graduate student at SDSU, Christian's book was assigned to our class in a historical methods seminar. Because he taught at the school, our class had the added bonus of talking to Christian about his book. He's a wonderfully entertaining historian with a real gift for prose. Christian has since left SDSU to move back to his native Australia. 




 If you want the Soviet's perspective, *Operation ANADYR : U.S. and Soviet generals recount the Cuban missile crisis* / by Anatoli I. Gribkov gives a first hand account. 




 These photos are marked as Getty images, but the majority are from Jacob Riis' *How the Other Half Live*. Riis' photos are considered instrumental in forcing the U.S. government to address urban squalor. 




 You really didn't need to add the disclaimer. Conservatives would view your answer as too liberal. 




 Shane 




 So...what's the punchline? 




 Can't you just taste the sweet irony? No one can complain that evolution doesn't have a sense of humor. 




 I have a similar outlook as the post, however I ask myself, "Will I remember this event 5 years later?" If the answer is yes, I give the matter more attention. Otherwise, the event doesn't get to rent space in my mind. 




 I'm not casting doubt on your argument, I'm merely stating that the majority of the US doesn't equate the skin color "black" with the biblical story of cain and abel.

edit: I should qualify that statement by stating "in my experience". 




 Your argument about the mark of cain being that of skin color is a southern religious myth. I was told the same thing while growing up in Tennessee; as I moved to other areas of the US I learned this idea was a racist retelling of the bible story. 




 [Here](http://topdocumentaryfilms.com/the-rape-of-nanking/) is a link to a documentary of the Rape of Nanking. 




 Lithgow also played the serial killer 'Trinity' on season 4 of Dexter. I love Colbert's "inside jokes." 




 Christian's argument is that the ability to increase productivity enough to sustain a large population was absolutely necessary to the formation of a civilization. An example of this can be found in the multitude of indigenous tribes that formed in early North America. Lacking access to draft animals for the plowing of land, indigenous Americans could only produce enough sustainable foodstuffs for a very small population. As a result, the impetus to join together into larger communities was almost nonexistent. The only North American example I can think of is the Anasazi (Chaco Canyon) and it fell long before the Spanish arrived.  




 Gotta give some love to M. Jordan, he's trying to reclaim the Hitler 'stache.  




 The Russian winters stopped Napoleon and Hitler. Very nice find. 




 The really exciting part of this link is that the National Review is a conservative right wing website. It seems fear of PIPA and SOPA crosses party lines. 




 I phoned the number provided for Maria Cantwell and the staff that answered the phone said that Cantwell had publicly come out against SOPA and PIPA on Dec. 17. He also stated that she was presenting her own bill in the upcoming sessions.

edit: I called Patty Murray's DC office as suggested by paulser, and left a message on the machine. 




 According to David Christian's *Maps of Time: an introduction to big history*, the important factors to civilization's formation were: a temperate climate; abundance of tameable animals (cattle, llamas, chickens) that could feed and work for him; access to consistent water supply; enough land to absorb population growth. 




 You might also enjoy Clint Eastwood's remake of Shane - Pale Rider. 




 IMHO Shane, The Outlaw Josey Wales, and High Noon are all classic gunfighter films. 




 A very nice find so kudos to you. Ford was such an enigma - he refused to enter/exit his home's front door because he didn't want to disturb a nest of birds, yet he was willing to employ brutal methods to stop unionization. 




 *Stalin's Russia* by Chris Ward. It's a book written for historians so at points the narrative will seem dry. 




 Seems at least one of his ideas got a shitload of people killed.

"Maury, knowing a whale to be a mammal, theorized that a northern passage between the oceans that was free of ice must exist to enable the whales to surface and breathe. This became a popular idea that inspired many explorers to seek a reliably navigable sea route. Many of those explorers died in their search."

To clarify my counting system, a shitload of people is around 1-500 people, after which we move into buttload country (500-5000) and beyond that is fuckload. Let's not bother talking about fuckloads. 




 I was thinking of something more along [this](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:We_Can_Do_It!.jpg) line. 




 Good call...The Fog of War is a must see. 




 Without a doubt IMHO the best single volume history of the world is written by David Christian - *Maps of Time: An Introduction to Big History*. His book explores the planet's history, and explains why certain civilizations advanced while others remained static. 




 I would have no problem with Obama giving back the NPP, but wasn't one also given out to several members of the Manhattan Project? 




 It's fairly dry reading but J. Gaddis "We Now Know" gives a fairly accurate view of the Cold War from both side's perspective. "Inside the Kremlin's Cold War" by Zubok and Pleshakov is a more detailed study of life behind the Iron Curtain. 




 I spent four years with for/against the U.S./Soviet versions of this program. There's a good reason the U.S. required retrieved photos vs using bandwidth; the Soviets utilized frequency bursts to transmit their data. If the U.S. monitored the Soviet missile launch sites, the type of booster vehicle used by their space agency gave U.S. monitors a clue to the type of Soviet satellite being launched. The booster information also gave a clue to the satellite's orbit and with this information it was possible to intercept their satellite's transmissions. By using a capture/retrieval method, the U.S. assured this project remain relatively secret. 




 This article is satire and meant to be funny. If it offended you, perhaps a sense of humor is necessary. 




 MA in U.S. urban, race, and media history. I have a strong understanding of race and its impact on the American urban landscape. I also have an in-depth knowledge of Hollywood film history and its use as a vehicle of history.  




 A simple message for the simple minded, but I don't see the ad as promoting war with Iran. 




 And who determines the combatant status, and is the process open to public scrutiny? 




 I'm asking myself the same question. Did I post such lame links that the powers that be decided to invite me to submit here (AGU) where frivolous posts go to die?  




 I read an article on Reddit about OWS being labeled a terrorist organization in London. I have no doubt that the U.S. government will follow the Brit's lead, and with the possible indefinite detention of American citizens, OWS protesters could simply be disappeared. 

I would also add to Taibbi's list term limits for elected congressional officials. This would allow more Americans the opportunity to participate in its democracy, rather than having the same old tired wealthy families deciding the fate of our nation. 




 This article was posted in the worldnews and truereddit subreddits but was quickly downvoted. Does reddit have a pro-israel contingent that downvotes articles that they perceive as negative? 




 I'm already doing that; it's even sadder that I have to hide my degrees. 




 I completely understand the author's dilemma, and her logic in the solution. I also understand why she'd want to finish a degree with Duke. I've spent a lifetime collecting degrees, but none of them come with a pedigree. Really, who would a HR person rather hire, someone with a BA from Metropolitan State College of Denver or from Duke University? Do I want an employee from Austin Peay State University or from Vanderbilt?

I also shared her belief that an education could lift me out of extreme poverty. In today's economic climate, an extensive education can also exclude an individual from a job's consideration. Employers believe that individuals with graduate degrees will jump ship the minute a better job appears, so they pass on them. 




 A new generation of brown shirts. 




 This is an example of a politician who doesn't listen to the public. 




 Is there a subreddit for ironic/hubris posts? 




 The natives are getting restless. 




 The American spies were bad (Elizabeth Cohen), but the British spies were even more productive [(Kim Philby and the Cambridge five).](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kim_Philby) 




 And quickly put it behind us. More entertainment, please. 




 My bad, this link is a click-through post. I apologize in advance. 




 I'll hold a door open for someone 20 ft away and they will usually rush forward to keep me from waiting; just as they approach I let the door go and walk away. 




 I would imagine it something more like, "Maggots? On my meat? DESSERT!" 




 I hate to upvote a mox news story, but people should know he wants to make poor people's kids a source of cheap labor. 




 "Poor little feller, he probably kept up for the first half mile. Well, I'll go back and collect the carcass off the road." 




 I predict:

With its supply lines cut by Pakistan, the U.S. pulls out all troops by July 2013. Seeing a power vacuum in the region, Pakistan exploits its ties to the Taliban, creating a puppet state. China and Russia extend support to Pakistan in an effort to offset the U.S.'s presence in Asia. 




 That is totally my bad; I didn't realize that I was doing a self.post and really meant to link to this [article.](http://redd.it/mrc6k) 




 I'm sorry if I've given the wrong impression. The article is a convincing counter argument that Wolf's story wasn't completely true, an opinion that might not sit well with OWS. 




 I don't believe protesters should just carry the American flag, they should wrap themselves in the flag as if it's a shawl. As a photojournalist, the imagery of kneeling protesters wrapped in the American flag and being beaten or pepper sprayed would be a dream photograph. It's a win-win situation because the cops will look horrible defaming such a powerful American symbol. It'd be priceless to see how Fox news would spin any violence directed toward the protesters, and Jon Stewart's Daily Show would eat it up. 




 Judging from the post's title, I thought this would be an article about Kim Philby's bunch. A very good article, though, about a portion of atomic history of which I wasn't aware. 




 My point exactly. 




 I see the OWS as a blend of the Populist and Progressive movements. Progressives, such as Jacob Riis,Upton Sinclair, and Teddy Roosevelt, saw the economic effects of business trusts on poor and working-class urban/rural Americans and were appalled. The Populist movement was hampered by what the average American considered the socialist and anarchist threats. These fears of a eastern European horde immigrating into the U.S. resulted in the 1924 Johnson-Reed Act that restricted southern and eastern European immigration. This movement also had strong nationalistic tendencies, which I see as a direct correlation to the contemporary Tea Party movement. 




