 What would happen if you spoke about something on the list of things you can't mention? 




 Neat idea, but will you make it opensource afterwards? 




 A closer reading reveals that she also has had multiple partners in that time frame as evidenced by
"I pretend to be an underaged boy and pickup male clientS"
Her husband is very likely only one of them.

Still, what he is doing is way more fucked up, indeed. 









 Thanks for your reply.  I don't think you're an asshole, just coming from a different perspective.

Ok cool, but that's still 100% anecdotal and completely unscientific. It means absolutely nothing to anyone other than you or your friend.

I understand you are coming at this completely from a scientific POV here, but I really don't think science is the only way to ascertain truth.  There is such a thing as intuition, and just plain observation and reasoning (which science does apply, but most of the time we do this without doing complete scientific studies).  I don't know if there are any studies comparing the prevalence of bad trips on shrooms vs. lsd, but I'd be very curious to see the results.  I do take issue with discounting personal experience completely.  I trust my own experience much more than anecdotes OR studies (which are sometimes falsified or inherently flawed).  Sometimes personal conclusions are wrong too, but at least I know I can trust myself.  This is a huge philosophical topic right here, which I'm sure we can could back and forth on all day, but honestly, do you not believe anything you learned through experience unless there are numerous, repeated, well-constructed studies about it?

but your wording implies that Psilocybin is somehow a more "true" psychedelic than others, and that the differences between psilocybin and chemicals with a similar structure or effect are inherent shortcomings in relation to psilocybin

I do think there is something to be said about the fact that mushrooms have been around on Earth for as long as we have.  [Terrance McKenna had some interesting thoughts on the subject](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsZbxRzWYLc)

This is only very loosely even close to the truth. First of all, there's not just one "lock" and there's no "distorted" way for the "key" to fit.

I was speaking metaphorically.  I have a general understanding of neurotransmitters and how psychoactive drugs work.

 it just strikes me as somewhat intellectually dishonest to make a post implying that shrooms are somehow better or healthier than LSD, or that there's any relative reason to avoid LSD in the first place.

I don't have an agenda and I'm not trying to mislead people.  I encourage everyone to do their own research and trust their own experiences!  I also don't think there is anything wrong with sharing one's own experience and the thoughts that have come out of those experiences.
 




 [Shrooms can also help cure depression](http://www.theguardian.com/science/2013/apr/07/magic-mushrooms-treat-depression)
It worked for me.
Just remember: mindset and setting!  And take it real easy on the dose the first time. 




 See my answer to the same question above. 




 I have a lot of experience with both, personally and anecdotally.  My experience with shrooms has been mostly positive.  I come away from the experience with a renewed sense of wonder and a deeper understanding of my place in the Universe.  I really believe that they help reveal as close to anything that can be called "truth" as possible.

LSD, on the other hand can also be a tremendously powerful experience, and many times the experience is positive, but many times it is not.  It also often leads to great feelings of "revelation".  However, it seems to me that the revelations are much more likely to be false with LSD.  A friend of mine came away feeling like there was no love in the world.  I think it often talks about the same subject as shrooms, but distorts the message.  It makes  sense physiologically for LSD to lead to false epiphanies when you consider that is has a very similar molecular structure to psilocybin.  It's as if it is another key that turns the same lock, but always in some sort of distorted way.

And since this is r/conspiracy, I'll just remind people that [the CIA experimented with LSD in the 1960's as a method of mind-control](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_MKUltra). 














 Sometimes I feel like reddit is really advancing human ethics.  It's like we are all collectively working out proper behavior.  Sure, there are kinks, but they were a great band. 




 Horoscopes are just a small part of astrology. I assume you mean astrology in general though? 




 I know I'm gonna get downvoted for this but... 




 I humbly urge people to veer towards the shrooms and away from the lsd. 




 Mine: making sweeping generalizations and judgments about people based on their dietary choices. 




 It took me a while too. Basically you have to listen to every sentence you are about to say in your head and then remove all the "like"s beforehand. 




 Good for her! 




 That is not correct. ac - bc = (a-b)c. Always.  10x - 0.9 = 9.01 doesn't make any sense.  What happened to the x on the 10?  You treated it as 1 in that case?  There is no other way to evaluate it besides to 9x. 




 USE FOLDERS! 




 it was funnier when IWillBeInTheCorner said it. 




 It could very well be that the dumb boys keep their mouths shut more than the girls. 




 When society and media constantly tell you something about yourself, you start to believe it.  When I was about 6 my sister and I got into an argument and she called me a "girl" as an insult.  To get even, I called her a "boy" and she shrugged and said she didn't mind being called a boy.  Made me realize some things about society and status right then. 




 Hahaha! She really didn't know that Africa has a Prime Minister? 




 Rejoice!  I did my part. 




 I imagine for you it is probably novelty seeking.  For me I actually find the opposite effect.  A song or album gets better after I've listened to it 2 or 3 times.  Like I start to understand it and appreciate it better. 




 Same thing happened to me! 














 That's your judgement.  He was a sensitive guy who like poetry and classical music.  Does that make one a "pussy"?  Matter of opinion. 




 You're right. I don't even know you. Sorry if I offended you. 




 You mean the joke we've all heard 100 times on this page alone? 




 Gale in Breaking Bad was vegan.  Nothing bad was said about it. 




 found the conformist with no original thought. 




 Guess what. B12 doesn't come from meat either. It comes from bacteria. 




 No... I subtracted x.  I defined x to equal .9 which is perfectly legal to do.  So you agree up to 10x = 9.9, right?  So 10x - x = 9x and 9.9 - x = 9.  Make sense? 




 I posted another proof above.  It's not a mathematical fallacy.  Here is my proof: 
let x = .9_(repeating), multiply both sides by 10: 10x = 9.9_, subtract x from both sides: 9x = 9, and divide by 9 giving: x = 1, therefore: 1 = .9_

Oh and here is the wikipedia article explaining more: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/0.999... 




 Here is another proof.
let x = .99999(repeating),
multiply both sides by 10:
10x = 9.99999(repeating),
subtract x from both sides:
9x = 9,
and divide by 9 giving:
x = 1,
therefore:
1 = .999999(repeating) 




 You are missing my point entirely.  I'm not saying that we one needs to be physically capable of killing an animal to eat it.  What I am saying is that one should be emotionally responsible for their own actions.  When people buy meat in a store that comes from a factory farm they are completely removed from the process that produced the meat and have no idea what sort of suffering was endured.  At least when someone raises and slaughters an animal on their own, they are well aware of what they are doing.  Tribal societies honored the life the animals they killed and treated them with respect.  Animals "raised" for food today are  treated with no respect and in fact are treated legally as property rather than living, sentient beings.  That is fucked. 




 You hit the nail on the head.  The intense anger reaction is because they are NOT comfortable with their own actions.  And you are calling attention to it. 




 Everybody is is saying "oh, it's not so bad! could be worse!" But why are we assuming that it is our right or necessity to eat chicken in the first place?  This is just a small sampling of the torture animals have to endure under factory farming.  I think if you want to eat animals you should be comfortable with killing the animal yourself.  Don't leave it to a big industrialized process that has no regard for humane practices and also leaves you completely removed from the process that delivers the meat to your plate.  I'm not saying no one should ever eat meat, but the way it is done in modern society is completely out of control.  It's literally destroying the planet, destroying people's health, and leaving a trail of misery and suffering along the way. 




 How about, if you want to eat chicken, you kill it yourself. 




 Here is proof that Earth is intact and not polluted or radioactive.
http://scifi.stackexchange.com/questions/3158/why-did-the-people-on-the-jetsons-live-in-the-sky
Scroll down to the second answer. 




 Why would people downvote this? To make more room at the top for cute dogs? 




 Holy shit guys! I'm excited!  Let's get some real direct democracy up in here! 




 Wow, I never even considered the possibility of singing and playing DIFFERENT notes.  It seems like when I try to sing a different not than I'm playing it doesn't sound as clearly though. 




 This makes this really awesome buzzing tone.  I've even seen people do it professional performances.  Does anyone know what it is called or how to notate it? Thanks! 




 That is the biggest cop out I've ever heard. There is such a thing as a more sustainable practice.  How about doing a little research instead of being lazy and ignorant? 




 Old sailor's saying: Any port in a storm. 




 http://www.salon.com/2011/08/28/bisexuality_2/ 




 A new world is literally a new world and an opportunity to do things completely differently.  Since we are approaching it from somewhere else we can do things after careful though and examination.  No need to rush in to things and much it up.

The very first things we should do is take inventory of the entire planet.   Where are the resources concentrated?  What areas are most suitable of habitation?  The entire thing should be in a database in a computer system so we can use algorithms to help make informed decisions.  We also have an opportunity to switch to renewable energy.  If we concentrate our efforts we can produce a network of a 100% renewable sources such as solar, wind, geothermal, tidal, etc.

Our goal should be to live an existence that both allows us to thrive and doesn't disrupt the lives of the billions of other species of life on the planet.  Sustainability is key.  We should absolutely leverage the power of machines to do all sorts of repetitive tasks.  I imagine that each city could have an automated garden which would automatically grow and harvest the sustenance we need.

These are just some quick brainstormed ideas, but the point is this would be the perfect opportunity to do things right.  All it would take is the will to work together. 




 You just blew your cover. 









 The second half is WAY more exciting than the first! 




 Ahhhh! Going to the library tomorrow for book 5! 




 Play Dance Dance Revolution. I used to play all day sometimes. I was GOOD at that shit. Screw it, I'm off to the arcade! 




 With Overstock.com doing $126,000 of business in one day in bitcoin, more merchants are sure to follow suit.  But, will these companies keep their assets in bitcoin or immediately convert to $?  If this is constantly happening, at many merchants, won't it cause the price to decline rapidly due to the huge sell off?  Or will this be compensated by more people purchases bitcoin to make purchases with? 




 RIP Phil Hartman 









 Are you implying that smoking marijuana "lowers your senses"? Are you missing a "don't" from your statement?  Otherwise it sounds like you are saying that people mistakenly do drugs in order to lower their senses and that the way to remain with lowered senses is to not do drugs. Some might agree with this. 




 ADD is defined by the DSM5 as a psychiatric disorder:
http://www.dsm5.org/Documents/ADHD%20Fact%20Sheet.pdf
In order to "have" ADD one must meet 6 criteria from a small list of behaviors.  Can your behaviors change? Yes. So can you just "get" ADD? According to its definition and that logic, yes.  If you were objecting to my usage of my term at all because you don't feel it is useful or helpful to refer to the meeting of these criterion as a disorder, then we agree!  I simply used it for fun in more of a tongue-in-cheek manner like gay people affectionately call each other "fairies".

Also, there is a lot of ongoing research investigating the neurological effects that the internet may have on our brains: http://www.today.ucla.edu/portal/ut/PRN-081015_gary-small-ibrain.aspx
As all repetitive experience does, it has measurable effects on the brain, and very likely changes our behavior, even if in minute subtle ways.  I think this is actually fascinating and I think about the prospects of societies neurological structure changing on a mass scale.  Perhaps something like a new phase of humanity?!

As for marijuana, I know at least some research has indicated a higher prevalence of pot smoking among those with ADD.  Of course, CORRELATION DOES NOT IMPLY CAUSATION.  It could well be that people who have those symptoms just also happen to like smoking pot =) (Or any other number of explanations.)  But it does seem like some of the things on the ADD list are quite similar to some of the things on the "marijuana intoxication" list.  I think similarly of the internet usage, these changes are not "good" or "bad" or "orderly" or "disorderly" (unless your talking about relative to the status quo, but that's a whole 'nother discussion.)  These characteristics just are, but they can makes a really big difference in the way we live our lives!

Now I'll speak of my personal experience.  I am diagnosed with ADD and I always felt like many of my behaviors weren't detrimental at all, but simply annoying to teachers, like standing in class, and asking tangential questions.  Other behaviors I did want to change, like failing to finish things I was excited to start, and have been pretty successful at doing so.  I smoke pot and I have fun and I get things done.

TL;DR Think about it. 




 Yes, I am missing your point. Please elaborate. 




 Why would anyone want that? 









 Letters From a Nut was hilarious!  When did you publicly reveal the true author? 




 I think specifically that we raised animals in a factory-like setting on a massive scale and treated them as if they were inanimate objects until slaughtering them. 




 dur, did a google search for spelling help and urban dictionary came up. saw dictionary and thought, yup, i've got it!

 




 No, it's definitely fecicious. 









 Elementary school: no skipping 




 John Lennon 




 I think all of these maxims are meant to be taken with a grain of salt.  They are general suggestions to guide behavior, not absolute rules. We are not programming robots here. 









 How about the Wiccan Rede:
*Do what you will, so long as it harms none* 




 Once in a dream I had a someone show up in my bedroom and asks me to follow him.  He flew out the window and I followed him.  He took me to the backroom of some building where there was a meeting going on.  It was a secret lucid dreamers alliance meeting!

In another dream, I tried to go back there by flying to the building.  I went in through the front which was filled with offices and cubicles.  I tried to make my way to the back where the meeting was and a woman in a suit came out and told me I couldn't go back there.  I told her I had to find out if it were real.  At this point she produced a pistol and pointed it at me! She said forcefully "IT WASN'T REAL"!

It seems to me like there are some dream figure who want the truth to be known (the liberators) and others who want to suppress the truth about the dream state. 




 He went out with a bang. 




 Except for the people for don't and actually do the things they say they will do.  We exist. 









 This is absolute nonsense.  Anyone who has experienced a lucid dream knows this cannot be true because they have been conscious WITHIN the dream and can recall the narrative.  Lucid dreaming has been scientifically verified by researcher Steven LeBerge who was able to signal from within a dream using a series of eye movements. 









 How is Piper a "sociopath"?  And Nancy?  Nancy was self-centered and narcissistic maybe, but not a sociopath.  Piper isn't even selfish.  She's just a young woman who made a stupid mistake trying to work her way through it. 




 Surprised noone's said "taxes". 




 What evidence? My personal experience tells me otherwise. 




 How do you "know" it is bs? 




 Like the buying age has anything to do with what age people start smoking. Most smokers I know seemed to have started when they were teenagers, some when they were 12. 




 Thanks a lot!! 




 Post the recipe please. 




 I thought Earth was island until I was 609. 









 Who ate Gilby's grape? 




 False awakening are VERY common when you are learning to lucid dream.  This is why I automatically do a reality check whenever I wake up, whether it is real or not. 




 The Law of Attraction, the idea that our thoughts draw things into our lives. 




 Funny how this is upvoted the most on r/atheism.
Here's part two of the interview:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08zNQ_wO0D8 




 REM sleep gets longer as the night goes on, and it can range from 5 minutes to over 90 at the end of the night.  This is why you have your best chance to have a lucid dream at the end of your sleep cycle, and also the longest (lucid) dreams.  Personally, I've had lucid dreams so long I could barely remember how they started and were way too long and detailed to write down completely.

One technique I've learned for extending a dream I feel slipping away is the SPIN technique.  Try spinning in circles.  Often times when you stop you will wake up in a completely different setting. In fact, you can use this technique to teleport by focusing on where you want to be while you are spinning! 




 "You're only a breath away.  It may looks closed off but you're already connected. So close maybe you can't see? Step back..." 




 Flowers for Fucking Algernon! Every time! 









 The implication was because of me, 




 "I've been depressed your entire life." -Mom 




 It will come to you when it is time.  In the meantime, you can have equally powerful experiences with lucid dreaming! 









