 FOOD HERE IS AMAZING! 




 Or Nice Green Bo 




 It's probably Uzbek? 




 these are guidebook "best NYC eats" and not the true hidden gems. . . 




 Def not serbs. He is probably talking about the very very small handful of radicalized muslims in post-conflict former yugoslavia who were in conflict WITH orthodox serbians. 




 that's a greater-than sign. . .  




 Macerate away!  




 If its only changing the color it's probably not real or at least not fresh. To use saffron properly you need to grind down a few threads and then dilute the powder in water, or sometimes rose water or orange blossom water. Then add the liquid to your dish 




 Alice Ct maybe ?  




 The best I've ever gotten was when I was stuck in traffic on the Bklyn bridge. The cabby looked into the mirror towards me and squinted. He said "You are Jewish... yes?" Trapped in the moment, I wasn't sure how to proceed but I decided it was best to be truthful and after a moment I replied, "Yes..." There was a long pause.

Finally, he looks back into the mirror and simply declares. "At home we fight, but here we are friends. We have the same food."  




 I would do this:



These could be in any order:
1 day devoted to the museums others have mentioned and central park.

1 day starting in Union square, walking down through the west village, crossing over to the east village and then perhaps down further through soho for dinner in chinatown. You could also do that all, get a late lunch in chinatown and then continue across the brooklyn bridge and see dumbo, bkyn bridge park, brooklyn heights and get dinner around there. There's great middle eastern food that's cheap on atlantic ave. and many other options on smith st. 

You could easily split the above day into two and make that the third day. Instead of wasting your time in the tourist wasteland that is timesquare, what about finding a theater experience more true to downtown NYC? Check out the Saint Ann's Warehouse in dumbo (you could walk there over the Manhattan bridge from china town after your lunch!) Look in the village voice or timeoutNY for listings. Or sleep no more. Or The Flea Theater. 

  




 Does anyone know if the typical delivery man in NYC actually receives a tip if you list one on seamless? I usually hold off and tip cash because I'm not sure...  




 Brooklyn is a VERY big place. Where in brooklyn are you looking for takeout? Your best bet wherever you are might just be going to seamless.com and choosing from your local options there 




 That's total bull. It's Tahini-based!!!! 




 There isn't really any good food or shopping on SOHO or the Village. . .  




 4 days is NOT ENOUGH AT ALL for istanbul! 




 there are some places on canal in the around broadway\chambers\etc.. that offer gear  that I suspect is on the level you're looking for although if B H doesn't satisfy you, I don't know what will. Some of these places have speaker rooms, but then again so does B H  




 craigslist, trulia
 




 No no no. The best torta is from the folks who sell goat ones from a little cart in Red Hook in the spring\summer!  




 I hate when people pronounce istanbul "eeesshhhtanbul" in an effort to seem worldly when in reality they are just wrong.   




 Listened to it. I don't think it's arabic. The only thing I can say confidently is that it's DEFINITELY not a Turkic language. Some of the sounds seem reminiscent  persian to me but I don't think it's farsi. I wonder if maybe it's Tajik?  









