 NPR interviewed Jules Feiffer yesterday and he said the following: 

"Well, I've had endless acts because I ran out of steam on one thing, because life happened on another thing, and I developed a resourcefulness ... where I would just look around for some other way to do what I wanted to do. If it happens too fast, you don't build these, what I used to call these "rejection deltoids," where you are so used to being hit in the face that you just get up again automatically. The kids who were successful in high school from the beginning didn't know how to do that. So they would take a couple of slaps and they'd go into their father's business."

We all need to learn to cope when life slaps us around. 




 I'm annoyed by trigger warnings, spoiler alerts, helicopter parenting, etc. but I take issue with blaming all of this on the left. I think this has more to do with changes in parenting technique than politics. 




 Same here. 




 That is some seriously ugly camo. 




 Actually, to get plates and registration he has to go to the county tax office. Bigger counties do have some satellite offices so don't have to go downtown, but the ones here in Harris County still are slow and crowded. 




 I believe gangrene and frostbite go together. 




 Very different from the other episodes - all things said I enjoyed it. 




 I was afraid there would be no Simcoe in this episode, glad I was wrong. 




 Did not expect self amputation. 




 I'm so used to him the wig on Turn, looks so different. 




 He played Karl Tanner from Gin Alley. 




 It's a bit weird to watch. 




 Jailhouse snitch, an old tradition. 




 I remember hearing or reading that AMC limited how often "shit" could be used in its shows. 




 That was an odd open. 




 Just the yelling names aspect, combined with the Middle East conversation above it just triggered my memory of that tweet. 




 You reminded me of this old tweet https://mobile.twitter.com/lsal92/status/247763296541896705 




 It actually made me think of Ren   Stimpy. 




 I remember the old days of sitting outside the Continental lounge using its WiFi, thankfully those days are over. 




 I have neighbors with a little dog that likes to yap a lot, thankfully my bedroom is on the opposite side of the house so it hasn't disturbed my sleep - good luck with your neighbor. 




 A little after I posted that question I saw this over in /r/protectandserve http://m.imgur.com/gallery/8NtwT5t 




 Have you looked into assistance from the state's Veterans Land Board, not sure if they do urban or suburban stuff, might be worth checking out.  




 Corporate took the franchise away today.  




 That a Game Warden truck? 




 Up in Ontario back in 2006, members of the Bandidos killed a bunch of their own members, the Shedden Massacre. 




 I think in Wisconsin only the county coroner, elected position there, can arrest a Sheriff. 




 This guy had three warrants out for him. 




 I'd love to see him in a deposition. 




 I can't remember where I heard or read it, but Judge and the writers love killing the dreams of the Pied Piper team. 




 It's interesting how quiet Apple managed to keep it about the horrible batteries in the initial iPhone 5 models that were sold. 




 That area of Louisiana that Season 1 was set in is seriously spooky. 




 Can we bring back Northern Exposure? 




 Shocked to see Pete in this episode, oh Sally - heart just broke 




 Glad you are okay 




 Win the NBA championship  




 Will premier on January 24th! 




 Way after my time there, feeling old now. 




 Rockets winning in playoffs, Astros above 500, X Files reboot, feels like the 1990s again. 




 Damn you MW for making me hate Pete Campbell and then making him one of my favorite characters, damn you MW. 




 Sons of Anarchy: Waco 




 The women getting all excited by Don fixing the sink, one of my favorite scenes. 




 All the national press set up shop at Sonny's, the all nude BYOB strip club during the siege. I did see FBI Crown Vics driving up to Waco a lot when I made trips home to Houston. 




 I attended Baylor during the siege, such a weird time. Glad you are safe. 




 I tip my hat to you sir or madam as the case might be. 




 Have to admit, rather shocked how sad I am that this show ends tonight. 




 Was on Saturday morning, have to admit that Signal 30 is one of my favorite Mad Men episodes. So much packed into that episode. Also, for some reason, I really like TV episodes directed by actors. Slattery kept that episode tight. As an aside recommend the "Walter Taffet" episode of The Americans, superbly directed by Noah Emmerich. 




 SE Texas here. 




 sorry 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCRZZC-DH7M 




 Might be covered by other articles, but other articles suck compared to the New York Times. 




 Army  Marines, but I know you disagree 




 So policing a jurisdiction where everyone is a government trained killer is no big deal? 




 Is it? 




 The above is totally wrong, this a documentary about a group of people who live in northern India. 




 I switch to soccer shorts   a tank top when I get home. 




 That was a sweet ending. 




 Well, he didn't get appointed to the position, so it'll be a little bit harder for him to get elected. 




 Not surprising that it's FBI related, though when I heard the name I was actually hoping it might center around [Army CID.](http://www.cid.army.mil/701st.html) 




 That seems a bit extreme for a show that doesn't get better ratings than AMC's The Walking Dead or Breaking Bad. 




 For the sake of the residents, I hope Kim Jong Un never visits a nursing home. 




 The League of Women Voters will have a good voter's guide, closer to election time - http://lwvhouston.org 




 Institutional and historical segregation - segregation along socio-economic lines and racial lines. 




 Rocky Horror Picture Show 




 Nope. 




 I enjoy driving, I like getting behind the wheel   hitting the road. 




 To me, turning Houston into Austin sounds like a big step backward (I've lived in both cities, I prefer Houston). 




 I would never consider a self-driving car. 




 I'm gonna go old school here - Roots. 




 That was a good mini-series, really enjoyed it. 




 And he's an Astros fan, nice. 




 It's not making me hate George Washington, so much as reminding me that he was only human, he was imperfect, despite what our history books might of said back in elementary school. 




 I'm enjoying the presence of NYCFC in MLS, it's fun watching RedBull and Revolution fans acting like MLS pissed in their collective Cheerios.  




 For two unmarried persons to kiss like that in public, not socially acceptable back in the 1700s. 




 I thought this was the first boat she received.  




 Andre and Shippen are kind of making me feel sorry for Benedict Arnold, didn't think that was possible. 




 I suspect it'll be a bit like this place: http://creationmuseum.org 




 I think so too, next week we'll get Peggy's last scene, makes sense that they save her for the finale. 




 His shedding his old life, shedding his old skin. 




 [So, the guy smacking Don around with the telephone book is the actor who played WoJo in Barney Miller.](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0301178/?ref_=tt_cl_t2) 




 [Neither a Sidezoomer or Lineupper Be.](http://freakonomics.com/2008/08/11/neither-a-sidezoomer-nor-a-lineupper-be/)

[The Urge to Merge.](http://www.nytimes.com/2008/08/03/magazine/03traffic-t.html?pagewanted=all)

[The right way to merge.](http://lifehacker.com/the-right-way-to-merge-lanes-to-avoid-traffic-jams-and-1501148503) 




 [Here's the trailer for the movie referenced in the article.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vM0IOHiZSl4) 




 [Here's an article on the ruling from The Chicago Tribune.](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/local/politics/ct-illinois-pension-law-court-ruling-20150508-story.html#page=1) 




 I really liked Keen Eddie. 




 I think a lot of people in Texas already pick football over church. 




 Texas Bucket List is from McAuliffe Productions in College Station, while Texas Country Reporter appears to be produced directly by Bob Phillips. 




 I remember [The Eyes of Texas](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKmtby53fT4) from when I was a kid. 




 I used to love browsing in that Bookstop, and of course visiting Whole Earth and Cactus while I was over there. Used to be one of the great little classic shopping strips in Houston. 




 Looks like it's 15 minutes longer. 




 Don does not have a great history with motels. 




 That drummer is so bored. 




 Then he's going to pawn it in Vegas. 




 Looks like Don was watching Redd Foxx making an appearance on The Flip Wilson Show http://youtu.be/lm6fLKz5ByU 




 Not the kind of pool I expected. 




 MW hates us. 




 I'm very disappointed  




 I'm very disappointed. 




 It did. It was kind of one of the first CDs to get away from the plastic H form. 




 I actually love Barry's Pizza. My family has been going there since it was Eddie's Pizza located on Richmond   Sage where the Chipotle is now. 




 I heard this song at a recital when I was at Baylor back in the early 1990s, it immediately made me a fan of Hovhaness. 




 There are at least 5 in that picture. Not 100% sure what happened, but I got the impression it was an assault on an officer incident. 




 Dude . . .  




 Totally understandable - I kept the cats when I got divorced, was helpful that she defaulted and never filed an answer to my petition for divorce - so I pretty much got anything I wanted. 




 Ouch 




 Whenever I have had a family member do that, they usually have a babysitter available at or near the wedding location. Not an issue for me, but is helpful for lots of the other cousins who do have kids. 




 That's an acceptable question in Mississippi. 




 Just wanted to say I really enjoy the show. As someone who has always had an interest in the history of Colonial America and the Revolution it's been frustrating how little play the Revolution has had in popular culture. I know at one point, there were more movies about the French and Indian War than about the Revolution - I guess the turn (no pun intended) came with Mel Gibson's Patriot. Now, in the Fall I have Sleepy Hollow and it's fun with the Revolution and then in the Spring I get the more serious, but still entertaining, Turn. 




 I hate Simcoe, but I love his scenes in the show. 




 Contact your local legal aid office, there is a slight possibility that what your parents did might technically be an illegal eviction. Even if that is not the case, legally you should be able to retrieve your property (not allowing you to do so might constitute illegal conversion of your property). 




 I took the Wisconsin bar exam and practiced law there for 4 years before moving back to Texas and taking the bar here. Biggest takeaway is how useless the bar exam is and how it's made more difficult just cause of a pissing war with BarBri. 




 Sure you do Daesh, sure you do. 




 Just another Spring day up in Montgomery County. 




 Hopefully the Sheriff's Department can track down the driver of the other vehicle, that way, even if you have to go through your insurance company to get your vehicle fixed, your insurance company will go after her insurance and will refund your deductible. 




 Orthopedic surgeons = doctors with Craftsman tools. 




 And that will probably increase the more we get to know McCann people. 




 That only works for politicians in South Dakota. 




 Worth listening to also, if just to hear Willie talk. 




 I remember all the Lite commercials featuring retired athletes from when I was a kid. And this storyline is another reason for Miller to keep using the throwback cans and labels for Lite. 




 Good point. 




 That scene was great, so trippy. 




 I'm having trouble believing that Daesh had any knowledge of this incident till they heard/read about it in the news. 




 I'm going to venture a guess that Daesh is taking advantage of the incident after the fact, I doubt it had any prior knowledge. 




 A couple Tuesdays back I didn't have any project to work on at the office and the weather was great, so, after hitting a bit of the MFAH, I figured I'd go to the Zoo. The parking lot was a cluster and it wasn't even 11:00 am yet. 




 Lebanon, on the whole, has always been a bit different from the rest of the Middle East. 




 Condolences. 




 You mean "escort" activity, nudge nudge, wink wink. 




 The fact that Howard wants, needs a limo just highlights the depth of his insecurities. Most people in NYC in Howard's tax bracket do not use limos, instead they get driven around in high end sedans and SUVs. But does Howard want a really nice Mercedes? No, he needs to have a limo. 




 Thanks, I'll check it out. 




 Sigh 




 More like: Crazy people meet crazy people. 




 The other week I was down by the police parking lots off of Washington and noticed a couple black ghost vehicles. 




 Not sure why this is posted here, but it is a good song. 




 This is more the Dallas suburbs leading the way than it is Texas leading the way. 




 http://youtu.be/Lsuosv_Bq5A 




 Don has no fucks left to give. 




 Roger on organ, Peggy on roller skates - is this Mad Men or Twin Peaks? 




 "The Dream of the Fisherman's Wife (the 'octopus pleasuring a woman' woodcut) is from Japanese 19th-cent erotica by Hokusai." 




 Kick some McCann ass Joan! 




 Don's visit to Racine reminds me of a book title: Wisconsin Death Trip. 




 Classic corporate America. 




 Worst impression ever. 




 Everybody's gotta die inside sometime. 




 So Cooper was into anime before it was cool. 




 In fairness, Betty thinks all other women (and most other people) are morons. 




 Don knows what he likes and won't change just to be with the "times," e.g. his hair, his clothes, his car... 




 Glenn aspires to be Travis Bickle. 




 Yep http://youtu.be/D00Hi8DoO5c 




 I will say this about Pete, when it comes to work, he's extremely loyal to Don, Peggy, and Joan. 




 McCann just oozes sleaze. 




 And amused. 




 Don is realizing he's no longer the only pretty girl at the dance. 




 I miss Julio. 




 Dragons = Secretaries? 




 Yeah, Grown Ups 2 is still in its premium cable cycle. 




 Peggy is a McCloud fan http://youtu.be/D00Hi8DoO5c 




 The birth of Miller Lite http://youtu.be/DPh4iF76LbU 




 Meredith is being the mom Don always wished he had. 




 http://houston.culturemap.com/news/city-life/08-02-12-10-17-high-speed-smart-car-chase-ends-in-houston-mans-driveway/ 




 I read that there is going to be a new printing of his cookbook. 




 Every year summer when I was in Scouts it seemed I'd find a new magazine in the woods at El Rancho Cima up in the Hill Country. 




 Or dance, or eat stinky food, or sing along (badly) to the song on their earbuds, or a multitude of other things 




 SMH 




 Plan B - Houston is worth visiting. 




 I tend to find "On Being" rather hit or miss, but this weekend's episode was really interesting. Since it tends to air early on most stations, I figured I'd post a link here. 




 Based on the picture, that does appear to be a valid European Union license plate issued in Germany (The D stands for Deutschland). Odd are, the owner is in the military and was stationed in Germany, bought it there, and had it shipped back to the US when transferred. 




 So for all those people who want to totally delete their Facebook accounts but are having trouble doing so . . . . /s 




 I think my mom still has these glasses stored away somewhere in her house. 




 It's a Texas thing. If I had to explain, you wouldn't understand. 




 At least with this group, when the munchies hit Droubi Brothers might benefit. 




 Probably easier to get a permit for downtown on weekends. Where was the parade yesterday? More east of downtown? 




 /r/firefighting 




 Abbott is in a hurry to show the world he's more of a nutwing than Perry was - at least I've never voted for either of those weirdos. 




 So glad that they are rebooting X-Files, came out when I was in college, so good memories. 




 I was thinking of this http://bizbeatblog.dallasnews.com/2015/04/health-inspectors-found-crickets-mildew-at-blue-bell-plant-report.html/ 




 Damn, that brings back memories, was in high school at the time and this incident was highlighted as a warning story at spring break time for several subsequent years. 




 I'm glad they aren't laying anyone off, but maybe they should considering whatever managers failed to maintain proper sanitary conditions in the plants. 




 Agree, when it returns to the shelves it will sell like hotcakes. 




 Well, it is a documentary produced by and for Netflix, which, in this era, is television. 




 Is crack really still a common thing? Has the term "crackhead" become a catchall phrase to describe someone who is freaking out on drugs (or freaking out because they are crazy and aren't on their meds)? 




 Obviously, games that take place during the work week (before school is out) will have smaller attendance giving you more chance to upgrade. 




 [Was this your problem last night?](http://www.click2houston.com/news/wreck-involving-18wheeler-closes-eastbound-lanes-of-290-at-eldridge-parkway/32742200)

Sounds like 290 at Eldridge will be a construction cluster all weekend too. 




 Parking scams during events seem to be a thing lately. I've heard several parking scams stories related on sports radio from people who were going to Rockets/Astros games. 




 Poor little thing, glad he's getting help. 




 So Louie is the only guy who still uses a Blackberry. 




 1 unit = 1 drilling rig 




 Honestly, my recommendation is, if at all possible, cookout at home, pull the grill out and throw some meat on it. The three worst days of the year to eat out are NYE, Valentine's Day, and Mother's Day. 




 Just seeing the picture of those people on those manuals brings back so many memories. 




 Have you contacted any museums or historical societies in the area? Or possibly contact the [New Jersey Historical Society] (http://www.jerseyhistory.org/), they might be willing to take it, and handling the transport etc. 




 Too often when I hear gunshoots in my area of Alief, I have no idea where they are coming from. Sunday morning I heard what sounded like gunshots while walking on my own street. All I could tell was they came from the north of my location. As to what street, block, etc. . . no idea. 




 da fuh? 




 [The weather outside is frightful.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSUYaUArDqs) 




 This thing is such a classic. I feel like I've actually seen it aired in recent years, but can't be certain of that. 




 But he only has to pay them in the Philippine peso. 




 I love Stand By Me, but I really love Spanish Harlem - I can close my eyes while listening to that song and be transported to 1960s New York City. 




 Sigh 




 One Christmas, my Uncle and his family came to visit and he brought his new Intellivision with them. My parents had already purchased the Atari to be a family Christmas gift, but once they saw the graphics of the Intellivision, they returned the Atari and bout the Sears branded Intellivision. Great decision, loved playing that thing as a kid. 




 While doing research for his novel Lush Life, Richard Price did a ride along in one of these NYPD taxis in the LES and talked about it for The Moth: http://youtu.be/S6LCSGv1gA4 




 The only vehicles that NYC resident pedestrians ever seem to yield to are fire trucks and ambulances. 




 It's a penthouse in Gramercy Park, that's the basis for the bulk of that price. And the NYC real estate market is insane thanks to foreign investors. 




 I saw the same in Italy, and not just marked cars. 




