 None. None was the worst birthday I had. No one remembered no one did jack shit.  




 Penises though I am not convinced that it is unhealthy.  




 OMF so true.  




 But isn't that kinda a double standard. It's like it's perfectly fine to call a girl beautiful. But if it's a dude... I've only heard gay guys say that a guy was beautiful. And I don't even believe that most gay dudes do. In movies, songs and almost every media girl are call cute, nice, beautiful, bewbs, "that one with the large bootay" etc. But except for cute I've never heard a man being addressed like that... :( 









 For my last headphones I researched for almost four months (not a random number) and as I was leaving the mall I started noticing the ads for the alternative choice. I virtually died inside. It is true though that the excitement wears off after purchase 














 I wear headphones the whole day so I don't notice what is happening around me  




 What I'm saying is that negro is a direct translation from black. Well great, the field masters used it. Why should negro be any worse than saying black? Where if you say African American or dark skinned you are seen as more culturally insensitive as when you say black these days. ?. If they would have said something different to blacks those days, I would have taken that as an insult.  

I'm black myself BTW 




 True true.  But I brush hair for hair. So I guess it is called hair brush for me. Oh forgot to mention that I only have a hair. :( 




 Yeah it's like "negro/nigger/negger"; shouldn't be an insult. Has bad history, which caused it to be an insult. Nigger and nigga are only variations of this and anyone who uses a variation as an insult is simply stupid, gosh!! So the meaning of gay comes from happy. I guess that is from where the homosexuals got it? It should also not be an insult.  




 ODESZA - My Friends Never Die
Mark Johns - 5 South (Prod. Alexander Lewis)
Lauren Desberg - Rock Steady 




 It will. Because you will never get to spend $3.04 ever again. It'll always be something like $2.99 or $3.50 




 I'm kinda a narcissistic arse-hole sometimes. Also I'm like the perfect human being; I mean why would anyone not like me... 




 Chicken = Africa. my friend  




