 I'm trying out e-cigs again after going back to analogues for a few years. I work outside carrying heavy equipment, and the last time I tried e-cigs, they broke in my pocket. Either the batteries would die from getting sweat in it (I think) or they would snap in my pocket. I'm hoping the technology has improved and they'll hold up a bit better. Any thoughts? If not a more durable e-cig, maybe we could talk about the how you guys carry them when you're out and about... 




 A few years ago, I was hired to direct the pilot episode of a children's game show. The shoot went great, and there was a lot of promise for the show, like interest from PBS, Nickelodeon, etc.  I had never met the Executive Producer (who put up all the money for the show)  before, but his daughter was a child actor in town who I had worked with before, and he was a volunteer fire fighter, so I thought he was a pretty stand up dude.  

Until we were almost finished with the edit and I got a text from one of the producers to go look at the newspaper. Bam. He had been busted for having a ton of kiddie porn on his computer. 

Apparently he had funded the pilot with money embezzled from the volunteer fire department too. So, you know, double scum. 

Coda: One of the biggest, best projects I've had the chance to direct, and I can't put it on my rsum. Damn.  




 I'm not really a programmer, but I do own quite a few websites for mine and my friend's bands.  They're pretty low maintenance; I usually just install a content management system for them and try to help out if they run into problems.

Recently, one of the bands told me they started getting virus/malware alerts from their browser whenever they visited their site [Stuttermilk.com](http://stuttermilk.com).  I haven't been able to recreate what they were going through.  Does anybody here get a warning when they visit the site?

It got me thinking that I don't visit a lot of my sites often, since it's really only a hobby, there aren't usually many updates to any of the sites and I work 70 hour weeks at my full time job.  Is there an online service that could automatically scan my websites and check for problems, like hijackings and such?

I wasn't sure where to post this, if there's a better subreddit or website for questions like these, let me know.  Thanks! 




 Was given the nickname "Smurf" by Danny Trejo (I had blue hair at the time).

And I accidentally got sprayed by alien dog blood on the set of Predators.  

I don't think many people can claim either of those... 




