 I'm going to be posting an update on my progress soon. I just took this picture the other day, and I was like,"whoa, is this really me? Do I really look good!?" Haha! Thanks! 




 Thanks! Me too!  




 I'll pos an updated progress pic soon! Low carb and lots of exercise mostly. Thanks! 




 I may do a tutorial video in the next day or two. Thank you! 




 Nope! The inside is covered with yarn so the backside of the tabs don't touch your water bottle at all. Thank you! 









 This made my day! 




 I agree. 




 I have no idea what that is, but I'm sure this will die down soon. It's just every where right now and they seem to be on a chopping block at the moment. It's kind of annoying. 




 I just don't understand why overeating and not exercising is now something to be proud of. And then fit women who take care of themselves are being ridiculed. It's kind of backwards, and really confusing. I don't understand why you changed the subject either... 




 Wow you like like a completely different person! Great job!
 




 I actually used to visit it quiet often in its early days. But it did start to get out of hand with the bullying. I remember one post was of an overweight person's fitbit dashboard. They were proud of themselves for reaching all of their goals for a day, and FPH wanted to make fun of them for it. That, to me was completely ridiculous. And then they made fun of a guy last week who ran a 5k in 38 minutes. That's a pretty good time, even for a fit person. It's the obnoxious and entitled obese people who enrage me. The one's who talk about 'thin privilege' and say they are 'triggered' when they see a thin person. That is what I found infuriating. Not people trying to better themselves. 




 I don't think I would be half as fit or as motivated as I am without Fatpeoplehate. It was seriously the best motivation for me. I posted my weight loss to progresspics and it exploded onto their page because it came out that I didn't support HAES and thought Tess Munster was a bad influence. I rarely commented on anything over there, and I never posted anything, but it has seriously helped me a lot. I lost 80 pounds and I've kept it off for over a year. 




 Fat people are not inoccent. As I recall, isn't gluttony considered a sin? And I'm pretty sure it has been frowned upon for several millennia.  




 Yeah, reddit just tied its own noose. It's probably going to turn into a tumblr wanna-be site now.  




 One of my home town staples. I love Shrimp and Grits! I'll have to try this soon, your's looks delicious. 




 As a straight chick, holy FUCK! You are gorgeous! I don't know if I wanna be you or be on you. 




 I think we can make an exception in Cheryl Haworth's case. She's actual muscle under that layer of fat. Props to her. 




 WOW! You look badass! I wish I could look that cool.... 









