 Put your cell phone in your pocket when getting into your car and don't rake it out till you're at your location, seriously. Don't use it while driving 




 Well it's only 10am so........ session IPA 




 It's not Chinese, but I swear Ruang (sp?) Thai.  It's in the same parking lot as as the Albertsons at 15th and Custer.  Best Thai anywhere 




 Wow, no love for Santa 




 Thanks btrlilwhtgrl 




 I know right?  Where in the metropolis are you, the temp jumps are killing my body 




 Marrying me?  You know, just sayin... 









 At what point in your life have you been the most lost and conflicted about making a personal decision.  How did you handle it and what were the outcomes.  If you had to go back, would you have done the same thing? 




 You are seriously, CRAZY adorable 




 Yeah, I've been into Neil Young for a while.  29 years old and have been into his stuff since early high school, very cool pic, thanks for sharing it 




 Never knew he played on a V 




 Spot on and very beautiful, glad you got to live it up! 




 Ha, I'm way too curious for that to be a deterrent  




 From Opie (SoA) to Dopey, sorry man, never shave again 




 Yeah my whole plan is to treat it as a donor bike and throw as much as I can on a new rigid frame.  I did have a Honda shadow 750 ace.  Very reliable bike.  Only complaint is it was limited on customization and many parts on the baby that should have been metal were plastic or fiber glass.  Road like a champ though. 




 Thanks for the feedback, good knowledge for a HD TIL (no sarcasm intended)  I did find one auction site that sells everything from repo's to totalled out bikes.  Minimum bids start at about $200.  Don't have it saved on my phone but cam send a.link later if you're interested 




 La piccolo buffalo in little Italy was Damn good 




 Also went to high school with a Brandon, his wife is Caitlynn, there daughter is Braylynn 




 My girlfriend teaches third grade.  One of her students legal birth name's is La-a (pronounced Ladasha)  she's shown me the name while grading papers  




 Who? 




 I believe you're not allowed to do that awesome spin move to go from reverse to forward that Jason Statham does in every driving movie.  It is acceptable to do so in the afternoon though 




 Very lovely, happy 21st 




 Thanks for the lead, but it looks like they only deal in metric.  I have friends into cb750 rebuilds, will forward them here. 




 "Pearl of the Stars" by Coheed and Cambria.  Not because of the content itself, but because of the emotional connection to that song and an ex.   




 Hotel Palomar is nice too, being is awesome as well 




 If you wanted to use beer or wort product to get a starter going I recommend using whole, fresh, unacidulated and unused grain of your choice.  2 row is cheap, and spin it in a food processor untill it a fine flour, sift and start your starter 




 http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_Rock_Lake. We have our very own soppy wet prom date.  Its a great story, my aunts used to creep me out as a kid by telling me the story of The Lady of White Rock Lake 




 "Last Call" is a great read.  Its everything you'd ever need or want to know about Prohibition in the United States.  It also has a lot of great knowledge of the long term and current effects from the fall out of. 




 Does anyone out there in internet land know of any motorcycle salvage yards in or near DFW, looking for a Harley build project 




 Yes, yes I do, very adorable  




 Hey Johnny!  Kill one, fuck one, marry one.  Steve-O, Flo from the Progressive commercials, and the Bull from the rodeo see saw bit. GO 









 Does anyone have any experience with receiving a neograft procedure.  Either the strip method or the FUE. method.  Almost 30 and looking quite a bit of hair up there. 




 She is one of my favorite to fap to and have no info on her! 




 Your question is invalid.  Everything I do naked is sexy. 




 What kind of shitty father (Or mother) lets his daughter dress like that? 




 Local honey, best with something mildly Spivey like a quality pepperoni  




 Who? 




 Hot Damn, looking good for any age 




 Who? 




 So he's homeless and caught up on new episodes of breaking bad, and shirtless but not tanned? 




 Yeah, you're gold 




 Photoshop 




 Kill One, Marry one Fuck one.  Joe Rogan, Seth Rogan, Seth MacFarlan, GO! 




 Slashed a tire on a girlfriends car right after we broke up when I found out she had cheated on me when we were together.  Got away with it, but didn't feel to good about myself afterwards 




 A beard as majestic as yours should never be ignored Sir 




 Who?  For the love of God who is that? 









 Never canned it before, I either serve it immediately or cryo-vacced it and gave/sold it to friends 




 2 celery stalk, 2 carrots and 1 LG red onion small dice lightly sauteed in 1/2C olive oil, when translucent add 2lg cans tomatoes puree and 1 small diced tomatoes.  Season with salt, black pepper and herbage to taste, simmer on low for as many hours as possible, puree and stain if you'd like 




 Hey, it's just like dinner, whatever he doesn't want that's more for me ;-) 




 You would do REALLY well in/ r/palegirls 




 For the love of all things boobs, who is that? 




 Wings with Dad while watching the homerun derby, not a bad way to celebrate! 









 Yeah, no welding experience, i didn't even think of that, i was more concerned with setting the petcoc and running a gas line 




 Never done a chop, used to work for HD at a dealership, in parts.  I have a pretty good starting knowledge but some things like gas tank set up and jetting carbs make me a little nervous. 




 Trying to plan ahead and budget, do this right even if it takes a while 




 Look close enough to Beiber's pants you'll get a new appreciation for the term dick face 




 You know those story problems in jr. high math that are loaded down with A LOT of extra information that have nothing what so ever to do with the actual problem itself?  Yeah... that's the title for this joke 




 What do ya'll think total cost would be, as many used parts as possible, to do a build like this, rigid frame, and perferably and 88"

http://www.americanclassicmotors.net/tonystblk1.JPG 




 Go out to local brewery tours, they're usually fun and you get to have local stuff, which hopefully, is pretty good. 




 Do you have a dough recipe, the one I have is a little spotty 




 Nothing a can of spray paint couldn't fix 




 Will you marry m....  I mean, that's a really good look for you 




 Who?  For the love of God, who? 




 My camera got dropped about 6 feet.  Everything works fine except the shutter button.  Any idea of how to repair it or anyone who will.  Sony wants $250 just to look at it. 




 Just big big fans of our beer 




 We made sure not to serve before the ceremony,  afterward, well, different story 














 My old compouter died in the worst of ways. I just got a new desktop, Windowsn 8 and downloaded the most recent version of Zune Market place.  I have a 32G Zune HD,  How do I get everything from my Zune to my desktop.  Apparently syncing it is enough. 




 God Bless Texas, where was it? 




 You ma'am, have the perfect pair! 




 Best place I've found so far is Jerry's Woodfire Dogs in downtown Lakewood.  I actually have the Hot Doug's logo on my shin and spent plenty of time there, nothing here I've found has been that close 




 We have some scratches in the (what we hope) surface area of our skin wrap on our company's delivery truck.  Anyone have solid experience on how to buff out the scratches if it's possible?  Any solid links to information would be helpful too, google didn't do much for me on this search. 




 Very Interested, I live near GWB and Custer, I work at The Lakewood Brewery at Jupiter and 635, very close by, I'm interested in what you guys may have to offer.  I know I won't be the first one, but I don't have an athletic bone in my body, would like to turn that around 




 me gusta 




 Have any Dallas redditors shopped around different Crossfit gyms?  I was lookking for recommendations on price and quality. 




 Pico de Gallo is pretty good, no seasoning other than salt and pepper, also If your more adventurous, small diced shrimp ceviche 









 It's an awesome brewery too thanks.  See above comment for second half though 




 Yeah, still somewhat new to posting regularly, doing this on my phone so don't have a way to blur the name, (unless you know a way, then I'm open to info) but match isnt her last name, no worries 









 Preferable standard american parts, not metric 




 Was wondering if anyone knows of any info out there, that breaks down a ground up build, step by step, with an explanation broken down as basically as possible. 




 Better than guitar center 




 I really hope these aren't the same guys I'm thinking of.  Last Beer Week 3 guys claiming they were starting a cidery came into the bar I was working at (Jack Mac's) for the cask taping.  We caught them trying to steal beer off of the firkin.  Then they got so wasted 2 passed out at their table, then we caught them trying to walk their tab.  Hope its not the same guys, karma is a bad hangover 




 I actually have been loosing weight, see comments below.  I have a very physical job at a brewery, hauling kegs.  I've cut back on my drinking and have been making smarter food choices.  Next paycheck I'll be able to afford a membership to a gym already picked one out.  I also throw shot put during the spring (If we get one in TX this year) and will be loosing A LOT of weight during the summer at work whether I try or not. 




 yeah, I think that'll be the first step, I'm gonna start with the longest guard and work my way down 




 Yeah...  he's actually a pretty slim guy, but I noticed that too when I first met him 




 yeah, i'm working on that, been steadily dropping actually, about 15lbs in 3 months was at about 270, I work at a brewery in TX so I know I'll be loosing a lot more this summer 




 I have to respectfully look at the photo again, my hair is going pretty quickly now, it started when I was 21 and has been going exponentially recently, despite healthier decisions, you might want to look again.  But thanks for the encouragement. 




 I think I'm gonna do it 



















 For me it has to be a full tank of gas and a new set of tires. 




 Last I heard snoop canceled 




 Agreed, I can't speak for the turkey, haven't  had it, but Mr G's is awesome! 




 Should have been 21 plays of Tom Jone's What's New Pussycat! 




 Chris was actually a good friend of mine growing up but we kind of went separate ways around highschool, grew up in the same block, played baseball and did the whole "scouts" thing together.  He was an awesome guy and was always there for a laugh 




 How tall are you, I arrested losing my hair around 20 (28) but I'm just shy of 6'2" so most people don't notice, so I particularly am holding out a bit 









 I do not reccomend using honey instead of sugar because it won't cook to the crystalyn state. Sugar will.  Try a very small (one jar) batch to see how it works.l, I may be wrong 




 Make a tighter pesto, less oil, more basil and nuts, and spread it as a sauce a little thinker 




 He is a duck, he's a shady SOB, most of his payroll practices are illegal as well as his back of the house staff, I managed under him and his ex wife at the Allen location and it was a nightmare 




 My old boss finally made it big! 









 Grapefruit and/or orange marmalade with candied ginger.  You can also make and store an orange cure mix if you cure your own salmon 









 Check out Lakewood Brewing instead.  It's the same price, you get to keep a Belgium style glass, and the lines are A LOT shorter.  They have the same music and food trucks, but it's a lot less pretentious and crowded.  Plus their beer is a lot better, if you're a beer knurd, also more consistent and true to form.  Big Fan! 




