 Are you making the case that CA is not full of entitled asshats? Because I would make the case that the entitled asshats here are just so used to us that they ignore us mostly.  




 Nope, not rich neighborhoods. You and I, we're almost neighbors actually, I'm in Novato at the Delong exit. 




 9er's games? Who want's to pay those prices. I'm a true ex-Chiefs fan, I go see the Raiders. :) 




 I'm not living in the city. I'm up in Marin, I haven't had an issue. Are you in KC? I was living at 135th and Metcalf when I was there, so I was already used to high rents for small apartments. The truth is that after the dust settled our monthly budget only moved up by about $150, and the additional money at my job more than made up for that. 




 I moved from KC to SF three years ago. I feel as if this win somehow confirms that this was indeed the right decision to make.  




 I used to have a Triumph. It bled a little bit every day. 




 Goosebumps. Literally.  




 Exactly. Don't know why you got downvoted, but seriously. It's like Dice grabs a good title and now everyone is like, oh man, this is an amazing title. No way they can screw this up, faith restored. 

Except it's going to fail at launch, won't be fixed for months, if ever, will be plagued with too much DLC, and won't, in any way, shape, or form, be true to the originals. 

Go ahead, prove me wrong Dice, I would actually love you to.  




 They let you play without the HUD, right?
 




 Wish I could upvote more than once. My one hour commute would be close to two without a motorcycle.  




 TIL these guys are awesome. 




 Couldn't agree any more with this comment. I have an 18-year old stepson. He's awesome. I've been in his life since he was 12 and our relationship can be extremely complex some days, and to say that I haven't felt like choke-slamming him some days would be a lie. But I love him, despite my genetics telling me that I shouldn't. It's a real battle. A year ago my wife an I had a daughter and I was surprised at how different it feels with her. I love both of my children, unconditionally, but there are days when it's much harder to remember that with my son than with my daughter. 




 This is a reg roll. 

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6OXjnBIW-4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6OXjnBIW-4) 




 If only all of our wars could end with dick high fives. 









 But everyone can Gimp. Just sayin' 




 If you decide to go with LabPython, best just to get it from VIPM so you get the latest version.  




 I was falling out of gaming as a social enjoyment just before Halo 2 came out. I was poor and couldn't afford XBoxes or games, and my friends were the same. So I never got the chance to play much of the Halo series after CE. Occasionally here or there at my brothers or a couple of friends who had intelligently not moved out of their parents' houses. By then my skills were rusty and Halo had turned into a 'thing'. Pwning had been invented, and typically I was on the shit end of the pwning stick. But CE... oh man, my CE days were so great. 

I got a new roommate when CE had been out for a few months. He moved in and brought his big screen TV with him. He was so excited to play a little split screen on the big rear projection (One of those early Mitsubishi jobs that only looked good from dead-on). We played a ton. Most weekends, all through the day. My girlfriend (eventually became my wife) sat there with us, not playing, just enjoying the show. He never won a single match. Ever. He would practice day and night, trying to get better, and when I sat down I would still own him. It got so bad that he made a new standing house rule, I was relegated to pistols only. And still, he never won a single match. The conventional pistol paired with a fairly good aim was insane. That crazy three shot combo to lower the shields and a head shot to finish it, it was near unstoppable. I don't know how I was so good at it, probably the years of Goldeneye and Perfect Dark, but I had to have a near 100% accuracy for pistol finishing headshots in that game. 

He didn't handle his losses well. He ended up throwing a controller through the screen of his big screen one day. It wasn't long after 'the incident' that he decided to move out. 

I'm looking forward to the MCC. Being able to play through the stories I never got a chance to will be fun. I'm sure when it comes to multi-player I'll be lumped into the sub-par group with a K/D ratio well below 1. I'm old and slow, my reflexes dulled through the years. It's likely that you young bucks out there will have plenty to say about my Mom, god rest her soul. I'm okay with that. I'm okay with that because deep down I'm holding on to the hope that, somewhere, out there in the big wide world of XBone's, my old roommate is sitting there, controller clutched in his hands, one pistol headshot away from throwing it through his TV. 




 If only the left turner at around 1:05 could've turned a half a second earlier. The world might have become a better place for everyone. 




 Sorry, I've got nothing to add as far as helping diagnose the BSOD issue you're having. But I will say that is the most convoluted code I've seen in a while.

My head hurts a bit after looking at it. 




 And today I learned that Sascha Baron-Cohen's cousin is a famous autism doctor. Wow. 




 Not the whole season, just the last twelve shows of it.  




 Relocation assistance is available for the right person. If you're interested and want to send me your resume directly so I can get it in the right peoples hands, shoot me a PM. 




 About five feet. Sure. And she is six foot, so I guess that's tall.  




 My XBox is in the top shelf of an entertainment center, about 5 feet off the ground (TV is off to the left) Sometimes my wife feels the need to dust the top of the entertainment center while I'm playing something and 'accidentally' turns it off with her boob. I ain't even mad. 




 There is a gate at Monarch and Midway that is sometimes open, sometimes not. I've had about 50% luck with it. There's also temporary fencing at the very south end that blows over sometimes. Never seen a cop there, but I usually go early weekend mornings. 




 The base in Alameda has a nice empty runway. Good times, hope you had fun. I came to the realization on the Bandit, that while it has plenty of steam left at 155, I'm definitely running out of balls around there. 




 This whole story is tragic and sad. And yet, I can't get the image of you, finishing a can of soda while a fire rages in the forest around you so you can have a target to drop the tree on. 




 Looks like you had fun. Thank you for driving in the right lane while going slow to take your videos. Those of us who are crossing the Golden Gate to get home appreciate it.  




 I assumed, by the username. Nice, btw. 




 CLD, with the thinking of moving to a CLA function. Capable of working on object-oriented modules utilizing an actor framework-ish framework. 99% of the framework is there and complete, so it's a lot of building modules that interface with the physical world. Most everything is RT-based using 9068's on a path towards migrating to the SOM. . Some fairly cutting edge software as it pertains to LabVIEW software engineering. It's been an awesome learning experience for me, and there's still a ton of work to do. 




 I'm all for dropping sequence structures once they put an error terminal on the Wait function. Ha.

Actually, they have a lot of value when used correctly, especially in RT and FPGA applications for optimizing memory and slice usage. But using them to enforce dataflow is wrong, and bad, and the people that still do it should be publicly made fun of. :) 




 If I'm reading this correctly, the external application (in C#, Python, MATLAB, Cobol, ArnoldC) communicates with an existing LabVIEW program that pushes data onto a FlexRIO card at a rate of 100mB/s. Your goal is to extend the LabVIEW program and expose an API that the external application can interface with in order to push data onto the FlexRIO card. 

If that's correct, there's a number of good ways to do it. TCP/IP is good and straightforward, but you'll need a parser on your LabVIEW-side to receive, handle, and respond to API calls. That portion of your code would be the bottleneck and need to be optimized to fit your specific need, i.e. can the data be buffered, what's the expected outcome from the perspective of the external application, does it expect it's commands to be answered immediately within the realm of network latency, does it need a response, does it's data need to get to the card ASAP, lossless, without exception, what happens if two separate instances of the external app (maybe a python and C++ instance) call the API at the same time, priorities, etc...? Lot's of questions there to consider, likely not in your immediate scope, just throwing them out there. 

So, to answer your original question, TCP/IP is a good solution and probably a good first route if the API you have for your LabVIEW program works and is robust enough to extend.  




 Not to mention, the most un-LabVIEW-like answer. I'm sorry, maybe I'm over-thinking this, but I really hope that OP's class isn't teaching dataflow concepts and order of operations by enforcing sequence structures. This would be like learning Python by enforcing C style pointers. 

Perhaps a more LabVIEW oriented solution would be to create a for loop that executes 'n' number of times containing the three LEDs and use a shift register to set the state each time. This uses a basic for loop, some front panel indicators and an expanded shift register. The most advanced concept here is the shift register, but one that I know for sure is on a CLAD test.

EDIT: is was an isn't 




 Sorry, this is a cost-cutting hire. We're actually already utilizing a contractors service and need to get away from it for cost reasons. 




 I'm a current employee and would be happy to answer any questions potential applicants might have. 









 Great idea, does it only work in London? I tried Javascript in San Francisco and it returned nothing. Same for San Francisco, CA? For C++ in San Francisco it returned a guy named Francisco somewhere else. I think maybe it doesn't like a space in the name of the city. I tried Oakland and it returned a bunch. 




 I lost it at that line. Just imagining him trying to kick a door in with those carbon fiber things.  




 Difference of opinion. I don't think you fully understand the situation, nor can you, since you have absolutely no idea what it's like to have a one year old in the house, every day, with your fragile IG. I love my IG as much as I love my child, I'm making this decision because of that love, not in spite of it. Apparently that's the point you refuse to accept. Do you think if you just keep repeating the same point over and over again that eventually I'll say, "Oh, I never considered that." Is this how you convert your used-to-be-friends to child-haters? Have fun with your life jourtney. From the 20 minutes worth of interaction I've had with it, I'm glad I'm no part of it.

And, for the record, my off the cuff comment (similar to yours) about you not respecting human babies came from a half-assed insight into your post history, which, unfortunately, shows a fairly large disdain for human children, especially when they're involved in dinner. God forbid those kids should be allowed to eat with the adults. Funny how wrong someone can be when making inferences about someone else's life after only about five minutes of reading a few statements they've chosen to make public.  




 I'm glad you have an opinion. It's nice that your allowed to share it. Keep in mind that it's just yours, and made up of only your experience, which includes thinking human babies are lower on the respect scale than other animals and than treating your animals like human babies. Funny, my opinion is that it's a little strange for a person to make such a big deal about how their family dotes on the children and grandchildren in the family and than turns around and dotes on their pets as if they were children. But, that's just my opinion.  




 No, I'm not kidding you. Thanks for not considering procreation, we all feel like the world is better place without it. 




 No, you had no idea, but you still spoke. That's my point. Also, cross-posting to /r/childfree is pretty childish.

And yes, again, speaking without thinking, my dog not only gets daily walks, she gets daily runs. I run 2 miles with her every day. She also get's weekly trips to the dog park to socialize and once or twice a month goes to doggy day care. Her attitude isn't the issue. In fact, there's nothing wrong with her at all, which makes this suck even more. 

Look at it this way, if I had a child that was in danger when at my home unattended (think, mentally disabled and needs constant monitoring) I would do whatever necessary to ensure the safety of that child, even if that meant relocating that child to a permanent care facility. Keeping them around just to make myself feel better at risk of their health is just selfish.  




 I've had her for 5 years, not 8, but yes, I still see your point. The bonding thing worries us, but again, not more than the worry of something serious happening here. It sucks, but I really feel like it's going to suck a lot more if my daughter breaks one of her legs and I have to have her put to sleep because I can't afford the time or money required to get her back to full health. 

And yes, the rescue I'm working with goes above and beyond to find the right homes for the animals they adopt out. If they can't adopt them out, they stay at a foster home with other IGs and lots of open land to run it out.  




 I was waiting for this response and no I don't feel horrible reading this. And to think that we hadn't considered that and we were taking this step as a snap decision is pretty rude. We have tried to teach gentleness, however, with a one-year old, that's near impossible. I'm not going to make assumptions about you and whether or not you have children, but our one-year old is very active. Our apartment is not set up to allow for baby gates to make much of a difference, so apart from locking either my daughter or my pet in the bathroom (not really nice for either of them), there's no physical way to keep them apart, and I think it's way more cruel to crate my dog 90% of the time just because my wife and I's work schedules mean that only one of us are usually home at with them during the week. My daughter has just figured out how to get on the couch, which was Ella's only refuge, and unfortunately this was the last step that led us to this decision.

So, have a little bit of empathy and try to consider the following. I can continue to risk injury to my dog because I can't physically separate them while I attempt to teach an active and rambunctious one year old 'gentle', or I can re-home my dog to a loving and safe home where she can enjoy herself (likely with other dogs) and the owners can enjoy her. 

Oh, and by the way, I know your comment was relatively off the cuff, but the 'other' dog in the photos passed away over a year ago, just before my daughter was born, actually. So there is no practicing with my other dog, but, thanks for reminding me that if only my other dog hadn't died, this would all be so easy. 

Perhaps you should consider that four photo's and a paragraphs worth of information don't give you near enough insight into anyone's life so that you can pass judgement on them.  




 We love ours too, and when our daughter is older, I'm sure we'll get another. It's been great having her around our daughter for this last year, she absolutely loves all dogs now, but it's just gotten to the point where we're afraid for her.  




 We contacted Norcal IG Rescue, http://www.norcaligrescue.com/ and they're helping us locate a foster family, so soon she'll be available for adoption from there.  




 I totally would but we've found a wonderful organization here that's helping us find a great home.  




 Thanks for the link, we actually contacted Barbara (we're further north) from there and she's helping us find a great home for her.  




 We have an 8 year-old IG (Ella) who is great. We've had her for a little over 5 years, but unfortunately, with our one year old daughter becoming more and more precocious by the day, we are in a situation where we need to re-home her. There's already been two incidents that could've resulted in an injury her had we not been there to immediately intervene, and I would hate to have Ella suffer a serious injury because we're not quick enough to get there next time. 

Does anyone know any people or agencies in northern California (Bay Area) that are able to take dogs and offer them a safe place to live? Health-wise she needs a daily phenobarb (which I think is pretty common) and her teeth weren't the greatest when we got her, so she lost some at her first few dental appointments, but they're much better now. She's definitely on the small side of the breed, only 6.5 lbs, but it doesn't seem to stop her from running and jumping like a mad woman when we go out. She's perfect with other dogs, or cats, and most humans once she warms up to them. She's skittish at first with strangers, but she's never had an issue with people for more than a half an hour.

I definitely want her to end up somewhere safe and loving, unfortunately, we're unable to make it safe for her here. Any help from you guys would be great. Here's a gallery with some pictures in it; [Imgur Album](http://imgur.com/a/vFKPp)  




 Agree totally. However, I was immediately angered at hearing that the Crew was pay-to-win, I guess, because they came right out and said it. I never even knew VIP existed in FH2. 




 PLOT TWIST TWIST: OP was at party, took original picture. Started gender riots on Reddit. Produced second picture of toilet after he broke it to prove that gender riot was stupid. OP = Genius Troll. 




 Yep, I skipped to the end. Only saw a happy dog.  




 I commute from Marin to Hayward for work. The up-tick of that is that almost every day I get to watch these awesome sunsets. I love this place. 




 [What she looks like now.](http://i.imgur.com/g9SfoG3) 









 But is okay to ride inside inside of a corner like that? 




 Wish I could upvote this more. I love riding in the rain because it gives me the chance to really focus on controlling the bike. I still ride at 5 or 6 tenths, but really narrowed in on smooth inputs. 




 That poor fish. He looks like he knows. 




 This is amazing. Realism conveyed to a more comic-y look with absolutely no loss of the emotion of the photograph. Instead you've created something that screams out what the photograph only hinted at. This version, out of those submitted, is my favorite. 




 Dead Island had the second greatest pre-launch trailer ever. The greatest being the Goat Simulator spoof on Dead Island. 




 Cheater.

Naw, just kidding. I miss my 636. 









 Ah ha, yep. I know the C, I rode one once. A buddy of mine bought one and I had to give it a try. It looks so cool, I just can't get into cruisers I guess. The closest I had was a XR1200R.  




 I was gonna say GS, but the fork holes in the triple trees look too small. What is it? 




 California, Mendocino County. 




 Yeah, using the controller to fast forward also sucks now, no fast forward controller, just analog stick right over and over again until it's at the scene you're looking for. 




 The voice commands are there, just not green on the screen, nor do they make any sense at all. No Go Back command, can't play from 90% of the app,

Yeah, overall, not happy with it. 




 Samesies. Also, calling in sick on Wednesday. 




 When you say the floors must be removed, you mean, the paint on the floor in the container needs to be removed, or the whole floor? I hoping you mean paint. 




 Have to be careful with MIG though. Probably want to do stick (GMAW) so you can use a proper filler rod to work with the weathering steel material and keep it's corrosion resistance. I've heard 2.5% nickel steel is the rod to use. 

Although, again, a weekend welding class at the vo-tec school should offer something like this.  




 The wife and I have purchased land and are in the planning stages. I'm a software developer currently, but have a background in a lot of different stuff that includes welding, electrical, and general construction. I'm planning on taking it all on except for the foundation work. 

That being said, I'll let you know how it goes. :) 




 As I came home across 580 and noticed the road was soaked I wondered if it had rained here today. Looks like all the way up here in Novato we didn't get any, but still, I'll take nice and cool any day. 




 I think his point is that the servers there are empty. 




 That's pretty awesome considering the toolbox.  




 His other attempts at the note. OP is a lying Red Pill posting faggot.  




 A photo of a fake message posted by the worst kind of liar. The Red Pill kind.  




 She is, classy enough to get away from OP's red pilling ass. He was the abuser and is now obviously an attention whoring liar.  




 It didn't, OP is a manipulative liar and a red piller.  




 He's doing the fishing. He's a red piller, he was the abusive one. Check the post history for his entertaining story on how he was brainwashing her into sex every day. OP is liar. 




 As a kid...? What the shit, that movie's only ten years old, who was a kid only ten years ago? 




 If you jumped into the pool from up there, you'd be okay, right? 




 Don't be stressed. I was worried about the falling forward aspect of it all, but it seems like mine is way more likely to fall on her butt than anything else.  




 I go to put my motorcycle boots on in the morning and have learned to just go ahead and shake out the toys first. 




 Yep, mine just went from that to walking, to pulling the sliding screen door off it's tracks in the last two weeks. Today she figured out how the door handle on the front door of the apartment worked and opened it up. Guess I need to lock that door all the time now. Climbing? Forget about it... no couch, chair, slide, step, or big pink sheep chair is safe from her. The dog's only safe spot is on the bed which is still too high for her to climb on. Other than that, yeah, it's pretty much a non-stop adventure of making sure she doesn't kill herself. So yeah, good luck with that. :) 




 I like the torque order numbering on the bolts. Glad to see I'm not the only one that can't do that shit without marking it. 




 I don't know, cous cous or Skittles or something... 




 Forget FPS views. I just want a top-down view, a' la Grand Theft Auto. Is that too much to ask for? 




 Am I the only one that likes putting kale in my smoothies? Frozen pineapple, mangoes, half a banana, some kale, top it off with vanilla almond milk, yeah, that's the stuff. 




 Why would they use a signed integer to represent RAM, a little weird, isn't it? 




 PTFO 




 Can't tell if you're just addressing OP or making a joke. Still laughed out loud. 




 The Panda? The Hachiroku? Is it true.  




 You mean, unsnapped right? Because you can snap music and use the volume mixer to adjust volume between snapped and main window. 




 I commute from Novato to Hayward. Traffic sucks. I happily risk my life for 45 minutes each way on a motorcycle because sitting in that mess for two hours each way in a car would have me eating a bullet.  




 I have those boots. I'm proud to say mine are much more worn. Same with my knee pucks. Same with my leathers.... hmmm... maybe I should stop falling down. 




 Anyone else notice the new menu you get when Double X-buttoning for snapping stuff. Way nicer than trying to figure out what's where and which screen is active and yelling at my kinect to play the freaking song. 




 I was waiting on Dunk's review before I bought. Glad I did. 




 Thanks for the advice guys, I actually took the test this morning. It was my second attempt. The first time I only got about half of the requirements tags on the diagrams and about half of those were just thrown someplace. So, yeah, that was a fail, but still a 63. This morning felt a lot better. I spent the last few days just practicing getting the basic framework and the three usual modules (Error Handler/Database Handler/Abort Handler) written as quick as possible. Went in this morning and before I even opened the packet I got to work on that stuff. In the first hour I had the framework done and before hour two was up I had all my modules built and the Main vi had all the appropriate cases in it. I used a queued state machine architecture, like in my sample test, but with half an hour left I had every requirements tag on a diagram with either accompanying code or a comment on how to implement, I had a #TODO tag at every not implemented or broken piece of code, and even a couple of fully functional modules. I took the last half hour to comment every control and VI about how they're supposed to work.

The first time I took the test, when I handed it in I felt pretty 'whatever' about the whole thing. I'm feeling pretty good about today's test, especially considering your guys' comments. I just did what I did before, but got more done. 




 I thought you guys call those things lorries? 




 Why is the pillion on backwards? 




 Sucks, but I'm glad to see the buses don't move for you guys down south either. I felt like I had to pass twenty stupid Google buses this morning. 




 Anyone want to take a look at the prep test I just did for the CLA and make comments or offer suggestions? 

The repo is located [here.](https://github.com/iyeager2004/Elevator_CLA_Prep) 

A few notes;

* I stuck to the four hours, even though a few loud people in the library caused me to have to get up and move a couple times, so I lost a few minutes for that. Not that I'm complaining.

* I took away a few things from today's practice that will probably speed up my next attempt (doing the controller states first will let me define APIs up front and than make all of my API vi's at once, etc...) I'm also going to practice a few of these regular handler VIs (error/database/abort) and try to get them done in under half an hour.

* I didn't look at the solution until after I was done. I had some similar ideas, but some varied drastically (I created APIs to queue states in my modules, their's has the controller pass states back and forth in the queues, etc...) I know that a portion of the test is graded using VI analyzer, but how much and how much comes down to some guys personal opinion? 
 




 Are people still considering purchasing Hardline? Just wondering. 




 Awesome trip. Next time set your sights on Mono Lake Hot Springs. Great roads up through Yosemite and the hot springs pools are the perfect relaxation after a couple days of riding. 




 I don't know about you, but I always test-fire all my rounds before going into battle. 




