 I went on a Holy land trip last year and this was the only site after the Sea of Galillee where I really felt the Bible alive. Maybe it was because the Garden Tomb has a tour guide thats Christian. Idk lol but its much easier to imagine that this is where Jesus was buried.  




 So what do you do when someone you love stops loving you?

My ex and I faced this issue and thankfully we were just boyfriend and girlfriend at the time so no issues with kids etc. But there is a lesson to learn. How do you get your partner to love you again?

At that time, we decided to continue on but we eventually broke up. But if this situation ever happened in a marriage then it would have been a huge issue. So how do you keep on going assuming that you really want to keep on going?

---   
**tl;dr**: how do you keep on going assuming that you really want to keep on going? 









 Happy palm sunday :) 




 I imagine this is easier to do between Canada and US 




 I agree with what you are saying except for the fact that countries like India or China would never have been exposed to Christianity without actualy missionary presence. 

Also, dont forget we're supposed to go to the four corners of the earth.  




 Yupp. I love it! I wish i had started earlier. 




 Im appalled at the amount of cursing thats going on in this subreddit. 

That said as a christian guy that just signed up for krav maga gym. I welcome this with open arms. 
The church has def taken away masculinity from man. Everyone just acts sweet. But man of God need to start being man of God!  




 Out of curiosity, what really drives the success of a missionary?

As in what factors best attribute to the success of a missionary on a mission field?

The quantifier (my guess) would be people converted and/or churches built?

Are there any studies that have been done.

This curiosity emerged because i was wondering if missionaries are more effective in a place they would love to be in (say maldives / bahamas etc) vs a place they would not want to be in (iran).  




 You should read the book "once an arafat man".
It wont convert you but it will give you the perspective of someone that has, plus its a great read. 




 This!

Yes, god did perform miracles on earth when he was here. However, he also said that we would be able to do even greater things.

And we have! Just think about the heights humans have achieved today. We have created robotic legs and arms (boston scientific), faster transportation, better health overall (just last week polio has been removed from india), and well many more.

The point is that God does still create miracles except now he uses the goodness in man to acheive these things. 

I know you're on this subreddit to troll. Needless to say, yes your question has been pondered by many but know that God doesnt necessarily want to change us from our weaknesses but rather uses other means such as the goodness of man or the change of behavior / thoughts to use our weakness as strength for his sake. 




 Any good flstudio tutorials? 
I bought the package few years ago and have no idea what im doing. 

My desire would be to create progressive house tracks / edm 




 Explain!!  




 Im actually considering a move to cali.
Can you elaborate a little more on the elitist atitiude. What exactly did they say to you? Etd 




 Theres a biryani tour? Lol whens the next flight to India. 




 I'm a programmer.

That said, i think we are going to have to make it affordable or even free. Sure we could make money out of this but I think we would have alot more indian guys and girls if it was free.  




 And thats why you're not a CEO jk

But a guy that can make JS in 10 days can also think sharply, create and manage concepts, and drive the companies focus a particular way. 

Though that doesnt always workout if people skills arent there.  But if you have some people skills then i think ull be fine. 




 Its at the Temple Performng Center tomm. However all tickets are sold out.

It might be live tomm though. 




 Sight And Sound Theaters produces stunning NY style broadway shows that are biblically based. Must see! 




 Anyone else going to TedX this friday? 




 Now thats a detailed response! Love it. Thanks 




 This kind of worries me because this could have Russia create a defacto monetary market, similar to bitcoin (or maybe upsell bitcoin). And basically create a one-world currency eventually leading to the mark of the beast, aka 666. Hmm. 




 Is there a list of these kinds of emoticons anywhere? 




 Theres one in philly too. Haha where all the skyscrapers are. 




 Best sky I saw was in Chichen Itza, Mexico.

Right about the Chichen Itza temple was a naked eye view of the galaxy. First time I saw it. I thought it could only be seen from space. Lol mind blown moment!!

I love star gazing. I live in Philadelphia and its so hard to gaze at stars. I have to drive an hour or more north to see a good collection of stars. Even then nothing compares to Chichen Itza! 

Any where in US where you can see the milky way galaxy?  




 Anyone have any idea why a chunk of the US (i guess mountain zone) is unoccupied unlike rest of the country

Unless of course its because its uninhabitable because there are mountains. Lol. 




 Capital Kings, or any techno for that matter.

Most techno songs should be just instrumental. 




 I've worked in asp.net and have worked primarily in java dev for the last few years. 

But im looking to get into these two jobs. Probably asp.net mvc more since i used to enjoy asp.net web forms. 




 This is someone elses site. I just started krav last week. And so far it seems consistent with what I am learning. 









 zulu? 




 They should really warn people on arrival about the costa rican departure tax. Lol thankfully i knew.

But a side story, i got pulled over on my way to the airport from manuel antonio. Lol after a lil bribing i was able to go on my way. Which is where the airport tax came in handy. Told the cop i needed to leave for airport and needed money for airport tax. Got away with paying $50. I think he wanted $100. Though people at the airport said i could have gotten away with $20. Lol.  




 Looking to dev in asp.net mvc or spring mvc. I was wondering if there are any startups looking to have someone on staff that would dev for them using these technologies?

Also, where does one post about a possible startup idea one has and pretty much assesing if its worth it, etc. 




 As someone who has lived in another nation. Let me say that the problem isnt that NSA tactics alienate us but rather the fact that US Economy is tanking. 

In reality most nations do respect USA and people would still love to move here. But our internal politics and disrespect for each other is ruining our image. And the wars that just took place didnt help.

But people will overlook all of that if we can be the positive nation and a wealthy nation that innovates and continues to provide peace as it has. But we will also have to show case it. We will have to show the world that bipartisan government can work. These constant fights between two political parties and the greed in Wall street needs to stop and change so that America can start moving forward again. Currently only the Wealthy are moving forward. The middle class and poor are having a hard time maintaining a job. 




 Has anyone else tried these and anyone know why they arent available everywhere?

My gym used to have these and then they stopped selling them. But they were great for workouts. Kept me going for 2 hours at a gym. Otherwise I would get very exhausted during workouts.

http://www.melaleuca.com/ProductStore/ProductDetail.aspx?sku=4204 




 By later he means when PS5 is released. 




 This is the main reason why tourists must go to Toilets in Mexico. Its called montuzemas revenge lol.

Mainly occurs because their water contains too much extra salts / chemicals to keep the water safe to drink. However our bodies havent adapted to that. 




 I second this. This would completely not go well in the Indian culture. 




 Which cruises have Indian food? 




 I had the same thing happened to me. And I learned a very important lesson. Always!! Buy a road hazard warranty.

I bought 4 tires 2 years ago. 2 of them went flat within the last 3 months. I got them replaced for $18/tire with an extension of the warranty for 3 years. Aka when the tire goes flat in 2 years i will have warranty to get a new tire for only $18 more.

This is through discounttiredirect.com.

Also, u dont have to pay the $18. They can ship the tire for free. Only thing is that u would lose out on the extended warranty. 




 I thought you meant the show. lol 




 Where are you coming from? 




 Thanks! Sermon recorded anywhere? 




 So the new mobile share value plan looks tempting.

Currently I am paying $181 with taxes for
500 minutes with Rollover
iPhone + Unlimited Data + unlimited text
iPhone + 3 GB Data + unlimited text
Basic Phone
------------
Total = 181 with taxes and a FAN discount of ($18)

Mobile Share Value Plan
-----------------------
Since we've had AT T before Feb 2
10 GB Data Plan $100
1 iPhone $15
2 iPhone $15
3 Basic Phone $15
=============
Total $145 + taxes - FAN Discount (23%)
Guesstimate totals : $120
(basing that on  ((145(1-.23))*1.08) [(total - discount)*taxes])

Did I get the above correct?
(not sure what the exact total would be....)

Now based on that it would seem that I would be saving roughly $60/month or $720/yr. 

If the above is true then what are the catches? And is it worth losing the unlimited data plan. Though I usually don't go over 5gb, its still a plan I would love to have to avoid any exuberant data charges down the road.

Please explain in the simplest terms below so that everyone can understand it. Thanks.


 




 Sometimes you can find this on their online webisodes 




