 There Will Be Butthole 




 I like this!  I need to do this...After I beat the Hydra I kind of just sat there thinking how cool this game is, gazing upon the bottomless lake.  Went up the ladder without completely running around the lake for that golem.  Really trying hard not to use guides except for which weapons I shouldn't be wasting my shards and embers on.  Thanks! 




 I do have my battle axe at +4..... 




 I'm level 38, Sorcerer (hi strength, dexterity and intelligence)....Have beat Havel using parrying and backstabs, beat the Darkroot Hydra, and Moonlight Butterfly etc, but CAPRA DEMON !!  Such little space to move around and those dogs!  I can kill one by throwing firebombs over the gate before I go in, but when I go in he just steamrolls me.  Using Drake Sword and Dragon Crest shield....What else do I need to do?!?!
edit: Thanks for all the help, really appreciate it! 




 The thing that bothers me the most is how these anti-gay, self righteous, 'morally just' people can smile while they protest people's right to live and be happy, and free from unwarranted social injustice.  Ignorance IS bliss i guess. 




 I live in LA and never get to sees stars like this.  This is porn.   




 BUT does it have Polybius? 




 I can drink or I can reddit...but I can't do both apparently 




 Who Framed Roger Rabbit    
the animators, who created all the characters.everything involved in this movie is suspect...theoretically who framed Roger Rabbit is a 'biobpic'.  Lots to explore here. 




 Shit.  "Here's the new shit".  "I am the shit".  "You can't handle this shit".  
I stood next to a young woman at an airport baggage claim who was on the cell phone telling the other party that she was in fact "waiting for her shit" to come through the conveyor, then she would meet said party at the designated meeting area.   Presumably to talk shit about each other. 




 Its friday he gets more than one :) 




 Katana-Rama!  BANGBANG! BANGBANGBANG!  also chimichangas. 




 (cracks knuckles) Seeing's how I'm on an ADR stage and waiting for the next 'talent' I thought I'd join this whole ADR, Pam, Pan debate.  If anyone calls it 'Automatic Dialogue Replacement' it's cause you're on set, record a take but notice that an airplane sound (or dogs barking, or a car horn or anything NOT related to the sound sonically) is on the recording.  Well you like the performance but the audio is bad, so you will be "Automatically REplacing the Dialogue" later to preserve the shot.
Generally speaking you should think of ADR as ADDITIONAL Dialogue replacement".  Such as Voice Over (narration) or bad quality audio that you don't notice till the dialogue edit happens.  Or if you have to revoice an actor for various reasons.  Hope this helps!  ...and her name was PAM like the spray.
edit: Also LOOPING refers to the days when we still used film for the ADR stage, they would just loop the line over and over and the actor would say the line in a loop.  We still do it sometimes these days, but the word Loop just stuck.   




 Sooooo...you're both assholes? 




 PRAISE CARLTON 




 There's nothing more irrelevant and unnecessary than the Republican Party.   




 Homer: Ah TV, you're laughing with me, not at me.
[TV](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_-e_iSFE6g) 




 Reminds me of [sexy cakes!](http://www.hulu.com/watch/279578) 




 Main - X-23 (ankle slice) Deadpool (katana-rama) Vergil (Rapid Slash)
Learning #1 - Firebrand (Hellfire) Frank West (Shopping Cart) Amaterasu (Cold Star) 
Learning #2 - Frank West (Shopping Cart) Iron Man (Repulsor Blast) Vergil (Rapid SlasH) 




