 Oh shit - sorry I didn't realize I had already posted this specific shot.  After the popularity of yesterdays post I wanted to share more of the place.

My bad - wasn't intentional
 



















 My set is called "When the Music's Over" from The Doors song.  I've named the set that because the woman who lived here had a vast music collection as well as a number of instruments and an amazing old Gramophone 




 Yup - that's what I did, then I put it all back where I found it 



















 I've thought about that - but what causes most dust?  Human tissue, hair etc - this home has none of that anymore and nothing to stir it up.  Aside from a small hole in the roof in one room, this house is sealed up from any elements
 




 It's well sealed and preserved and has only been visited by a handful of people 




 Thanks :) 




 ah did! 




 I did :P They are eating this up! 




 thats very cool! 




 same 




 hah there is, and they're all over it!

http://www.reddit.com/r/wicked_edge/ 




 Many other pics here

http://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/sets/72157637596393633/

or here

https://www.facebook.com/train_subject246

I am updating new pics every day

 




 yes - i did stage the shot to show the cool items that I found, then I put them all back! 




 sorry dude :P 




 I've been trying to piece it all together. Pretty sure the man of the house died in the late 90's and the house has been abandoned about 13 years. Most of the oldest shit was upstairs, lots of old stuff downstairs too though! 




 haha 




 I know I know!! 




 They are fake plants - green yes...but fake 

















































 Thank you. 




 Just me and a friend 




 Empty walls is from the large white house that I over processed 




 Didn't catch the brand but its acoustic 




 Sorry rather not say 




 By luck! 




 I found two of those KFC piggy banks in there!!  That's some old shit! 




 I thought the same thing - then I checked and it;s just a door to a hallway that leads from the kitchen :( 




 Thanks!!!! 




 Your roommates would be lots of raccoons and you would be picking raccoon shit for months - it's everywhere!!! 




 I'm certainly considering it - while it's not up to me to bring the family back in touch with what's rightfully theirs - I kind of want to.

There is an early 20th century turntable in there, the kind with the big wind up arm on the side - easily worth a mint! 




 It was incredibly sad and we never knew what was next, what was around the corner or what was inside a drawer! 







































 Genesee Road just south of hwy 219 




 hahaha thanks!  It caught your eye right?? 




 Not a touch of HDR in this shot 
























 Milton Ontario 




 Milton Ontario 




 I dont know what that says.....but thanks :) 







































 Thanks PenName, appreciate the feedback this is how I am able to learn and improve.   

















































 Thanks everyone! 




 Thank You! 




 Thanks all! 




 Thanks all! 

















































 nope...New York 





























 Thisaintnoparty - I was planning to hit that one too, but I noticed a camera pointing right in the area where I would have walked by when inside 




 yes, that's correct Canadave

ISTFM - you gotta be sneaky! 







































 Nope, that's a raw file with some tweaks to colour, shadows etc - no fancy edits to this one. 
























 It was around 1995 when it closed and hell yes - definitely wore a good respirator for this one!! 




 1995ish 






















































 Thanks for the comment.yes there's many features in these old places that would look great in a home 



















