 This was a buffet at a rather small hotel so there was one meat, one poultry and one fish option, two or three carbs, same for warm veggies and then a separate salad bar... Plus the death stares you got for - the horror, the horror- 'cutting in line' to get your meat first made everyone just tag along 




 Lovely imagery! 
The woman in question was also morbidly obese and morbidly sunburnt. Oh, Mallorca! 




 Someone held up the whole buffet line at our hotel because she wouldn't let go of the spoon for the fries until someone had refilled the bowl. May i remind you, this was an all-you-can-eat situation. You can go back to the buffet a million times if you please. Yet she loaded 2 plates so full she spilled things all over the floor. The she also started a fight over a slice of lemon with a family member. (All on the same night) 




 Belgium has the option of euthanasia but my grandma still decided to go in a similar manner, just so it wouldn't be a big fuss. Found one vanilla pudding and seven bottles of champagne in her fridge, one for each of her kids. 




 If it makes you feel any better, I kinda felt for him... He's had about 20 flings and has gone bald since 




 My guineapig runs free in the living room. One morning we couldn't find her. Turns out she crawled into a narrow pretzel bag, ate some, fell over and got stuck. 




 My best guy friend told me he didn't love his girlfriend of four years (my best friend) but me. We both dumped him 




 My uncle's bus went down a hill/ravine in Venezuela. It was all a bit chaotic over there so he just boarded the first plane home and went to the ER. Had some broken ribs and cuts and bruises. We never actually found out anything more, apparently bus accidents in that region were common. 




 ... It's not like she's going to impose her own eating habits on the population. Pretty sure most of what she'll deal with is regarding money. 




 I once had swimming at school and forgot to bring a tampon so i asked one at the secretary (no nurses over here) and the guy gave me like seven tampons. Don't think he really understood how they work... 




 My dad always says that everything written on the internet is wrong. Apart from what he reads on the internet. That information is all factual. 




 I'm from Antwerp, Belgium and people from surrounding cities always say we're arrogant. There's this saying that 'Antwerp is the city and everything else is parking space', but i've actually never met anyone from Antwerp saying it. 




 Lovely to look at, but it gets pretty boring after like an hour or so  




 My grandpa was the youngest of 18 kids which resulted in his and his descendants' last name lacking a capital letter... Because his name didn't fit on the page so they had to write real small 




 (there's a nest of pigeons outside my bathroom window) 




 Soooo happy about that 




 i live in the low countries and stuff like that makes us shiver... In our clogs 




 studying... If you actually start on time it can be really soothing 




 that's not cheese 




 When I was 9 years old we had mardi gras (?) at school and me and my best friends dressed up as witches. Our teacher(who i LOVED) was going to take a picture of us together, but before doing so she pushed me out of the group and literally said 'not you'. Apparently she didn't recognize my disguise as a witch... 




