 Groningen, wel een eindje rijden. 




 Had the same thing i was in ER and was sitting straight up and getting something out of my backpack when suddenly all alarms went haywire and there where in a couple of seconds 3 doctors in my room. They said it looked like i was in cardiac arrest but no they saw me struggling to grab the stuff out of my back they realized it was a artifact, luckily! 




 Sounds like problems they could easily fix, Hope for you that the next update will make it better! 




 The medicine business is one I will never understand. If I where a doctor or a chemist I would work with a 110% passion of making people better for the absolute minimum amount of money.  




 And they are sitting on there big monopoly making billions of dollars and asking for VOLUNTEERS to help at a World championship they are so wrong in a million places. 




 nog een aanrader is stompetoren grand cru, hemels! 




 Really want to know the excuses she is gonna come up with when you confront her. 




 They have like more then a million domain names registered but also one that I would like to buy but i was wondering if somebody have experience with these people for buying an domain name from them. I personally think it's not very good that they have registered so many. In the other hand that is how the internet works i guess by making money.

Don't know exactly in what sub to post it. 




 so it would be: "I'm also interested in these."  ? 




 Can you tell me the exact spelling? English is not my native tongue and I would love to know the correct spelling. 




 I'm interested in this two!
 




 I can! Really cool! Take some lessons and i'm sure in 2 days you can surf a 100 meters! Enjoy it! 




 Coursera has some courses you can follow online for free! Also try to get a small course in business administration it will give you a good idea for the money part in your company.  




 Oh my depression is really hard for me and i'm suffering all my life in depression. I have seen real depressed people in the psych ward my god comparing yourself to them is absolutely disgusting.  




 People how say they are depressed and have extreme anxiety when they just have a bad week or bad couple of days and next thing you know they are partying and having fun like nothing happened.   




 It will influence it a bit though because you don't have options now in the summer. Allright in the winter no way you are gonna eat outside but in the summer some nice food in the park would be really enjoyable instead of fresh fries with a kroket. 




 Looks awesome! In Holland it's not really popular to eat outside on the streets at food trucks most of the time because you only can get fries and other snacks outside. With this addition it looks like a decent market! 




 80% off the time I had a textbook and a instruction book so it would be very unpleasant if you had to go to the multitask menu and switch between books. I'll stick to print books.  




 I'm not a doctor but like /u/Mmedical says Cleveland Clinic and those others are really well known hospitals maybe they have some options or solutions for you. All the best! 




 Great to hear! Everybody is you friend on that day! And you are invited to all party's. But that's for the first time I ever heard that a movie is released earlier in Holland then in Umerica. Enjoy! 




 Zonder zulke "trucjes" hadden we nooit gehad wat we nu allemaal hebben. 




 You are coming by at King's Day and you are gonna watch a movie? You are nuts! Get your Beer together. 




 Dude i tried to look where you life but goddammit not even google maps has been close to your neighborhood.   




 Exactly the same as being "colored". 




 I'm wondering how much this is gonna cost. $100 dollars for genetic testing is pretty neat! But a couple of $1000 dollars or more i would go to a doctors office. 




 Looks good!  




 Eifel 65 - Blue! 




 I would love to have just my own desk with my own stuff around it nice and organized so i can find everything quick and without thinking about it. The open workplace is cool but it's hard to get in your "zone".
 




 Vroeg of laat gaat zo iets ook in Nederland gebeuren de grote vraag is alleen hoelang nog?

Vervelende is dat het niet te stoppen is. 

Of dit effect heeft op Nederland? Denk het niet, wel misschien een weekje en daarna dat het weer overwaait.  




 We should all post this picture on Facebook and twitter or instagram. 




 Niet religieus en zal het denk ik ook niet worden maar ik heb wel respect voor gelovige alleen vind het weer jammer dat de oorlogen over 2 dingen gaan, Geloof of geld/olie. Ook ben ik van mening dat IEDEREEN man of vrouw, homo of hetero gelijk moet worden behandeld en precies dezelfde rechten heeft. 

Voor de rest geloof ik niet in de "hemel" want waar was je dan voor de geboorte?

Wel vind ik het een mooi "iets" omdat je hoop en vertrouwen aan mensen geeft en dat zou ik dan soms wel weer kunnen gebruiken.

 




 Do you mean by drinking more water my heart rate could go up a bit?  




 It works a bit different in Holland we just go to the bike shop to let them fix the problem or we ask a "friend" who has a big garage or owns a company with a space to work on stuff and who has some bigger tools then the average persons has at home. 




