 So does the supercharger double the money that's supposed to come out then? 




 Each time I money shift in my car, no money comes out but instead my car turns off and there's a lot of smoke. Am I doing something wrong? My mechanic says I've "blown the engine" but no money comes blowing out like it should. 




 While my problems are much less significant, I had to put a splash shield on a Sentra, which should take .2 hours, and it took me a solid 2 hours because aftermarket splash shields just don't fit no matter what you do. 




 I've always wanted to be an endurance racer, maaaaaaasive upgrade  




 We've been through a lot together and it's the least I could do. 




 I'm hungry like the wolf for specs right now 




 I see what you did there 
Edit: Words 




 For some reason, this one really hit me in the feels. You know what they say, a dog is a man's best friend. 




 240z long noses are absolutely stunning, almost like a mini E-Type 




 I couldn't agree more, I gotta find some time to actually get a decent picture of my 944 to post on here. 




 Haha, every now and then Hoobastank plays on my local Alt/Rock station, but either way, absolutely gorgeous RX7. I love the idea of a sleeper RX7, even though the RX7 is already fast as it is.  









 I don't wave, I flip the lights in my 944 and I don't get anything back sadly. 




 Well yeah know that, but I'm talking about with paper work or stuff like that, I don't know the slightest thing about importing cars. 




 Did you buy yours new? I'm just wondering how you can legally get a Noble into the USA. I see them on eBay all of the time, and if I wasn't a broke high school student I'd love to buy one hahaha. I really want to import an R32 Skyline GTS once I'm older, but I'm scared that I may screw something up and have it get impounded.  




 Congrats, I can see why you won the award. The M12 and M400 are such sexy cars.  




 Wow... I really can't believe I didn't think of that, then again, that's what this subreddit is for, thanks! 




 Okay, thank you very much. Looks like I'll have to run out to the store for next time.  




 I'm not exactly sure if this is the correct place to post this, but it's nearly impossible to take the rims off without chipping the clear coat and paint off of them. It has the early offset phone dials, so the lugs are set pretty far back. I use a 19mm deep impact, and no matter how careful I am, the lugs spin really loose and bounce around everywhere taking clear and paint off. Is there anything else I can do to prevent it? It's a track car, so I regularly take the wheels off, so the rims are starting to look pretty gaudy now.  




 How could you hate it? I think it's amazing. 




 I bought a manual for my 944 on eBay for $10 (I think) and it's on a CD. You can rip it as many times as you want to all of your electronic devices which is handy. Especially I'd you have a smart phone that can read PDF files so you can always have your manual on the go in your pocket. I couldn't find an online manual for the 944, but I have no clue if there is an online one for the 924. Anyways, congrats on the purchase, hope you enjoy it! 




 Gotta agree, Lime Rock Parks has some pretty damn good food on the infield. My friends step dad races at the vintage festival, and we always go down, grab some food then watch the races on top of their trailer. And since the restaurant is on the infield, you get to see all of the cars drive by in between races. 




 Massachusetts 




 No, that was the Burma special. 




 I learned my lesson. I have an 1986 944 and it's absolutely fantastic, and the way it feels is just unexplainable. But that being said, like everyone else is saying, maintenance is a chore due to high prices of parts. And not to mention, timing belts... I did plan on buying a mk3 supra before I stumbled across the 944. They're cheap where I live, and parts are abundant.  




 I know I'm late to the party, but I don't like miatas. They're completely overrated. I'm not saying that they're a bad car by any means, but they're just over hyped.
I'll show myself out now... 




 Aww hell yeah, I've been growing up with Oldsmobiles all my life. My dad still has his first car from high school, which is a 71 Cutlass. My goal is to keep my 1994 Cutlass for as long as possible. I've always loved that body style, with the narrow quad bucket headlights.  




 Most of it is done. Exterior is basically done, it was in really rough shape when we bought it. The kid we bought it off of had high hopes of restoring it but just couldn't find money for it, so we pulled it out of his yard after it had been sitting for 10 years. All of the exterior was a home base bodge job so it was really rough. And since it was a New England car, every square inch on the quarters, doors, and fenders were completely rotted out. The interior isn't too bad yet we haven't started on it yet. It's all there but a lot of the plastics are faded so they need to be painted. But we really lucked out with the purchase because honestly the car could have been on its way out. Considering how rare they were, we just couldn't pass it up. Luckily since my dad only buys Oldsmobiles we had most of the parts already just from hoarding them. 




 Gotta ask, is it a legit 442? My dad and I are restoring an 83 Hurst/Olds right now, G Bodies are getting harder and harder to come by now, glad to see at least someone else appreciates them on this subreddit. 




 I have an 86 944 that WAS guards red but then Maaco got a hold of it and did a rather poor paint job on it so all the clear peeled and then turned to guards pink, I would definitely like to repaint it myself as a project this winter. 




 Looks awesome! How does your posture feel while racing? The problem I had when I built my rig is that I just kinda threw it together, so it's not the most comfortable thing in the world. 




 I'm guessing that they're probably revisiting a challenge. 




