 **Buy, buy, buy!** trusst mee IAMA a stalk bro-ker 




 I thought the point of pre-ordering was so that you were guaranteed a copy if they ran out of stock... so what's the point with digital purchases? They can't run out... 




 Plot twist: toxic gas 




 Oy. She hot. 




 Woah dude. Adult Swim teaches me something new every day.  




 I can relate. My thoughts are too interesting for my brain to let me fall asleep. 




 It might be hard to believe, but life will get better. Just remember that you live *now*, not in the future. Just focus on enjoying the moment that you're experiencing right now. Sending you love, brotha. 




 Thank you for sharing... absolutely made my day finding this out. :) 




 You think they're at peace now? Or did the fire anger them and force them to find a new home?.. 




 *Ur all trowls 




 Aw man, I know nothing about motorcycles... but that thing is beautiful! I always thought something like that or maybe an old Honda CB350 would be so much cooler than a big Harley or a Kawasaki. [Mick Jagger, 1971](http://i.imgur.com/TBOUBR7.jpg). 




 You know, this might be an unpopular opinion, but I don't think Interstellar travel will happen. Unless Matthew Mcconaughey sends us a wormhole from the fifth dimension. :( 




 Fantasizing about being a Cuban cocaine kingpin? Guilty! 




 ...What am I looking at? I *kind of* see the one in the window. 




 This was totally snubbed at the Oscars. :( 









 It'll be okay, bud. Remember, you don't live in the future, you live in the present.  




 Oh God yes, yes we do.  




 Yo estoy one with nature, bro. 




 There are a lot of cool pictures from these recording sessions. I think they did a story on it in Rolling Stone magazine. [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/1OLd7D7.png) 









 Oh my god I just tried this and it totally worked. My mind is blown. Kanye West to philosophy. 









 Oh, the feels! 




 Slutdog Millionaire. 




 Why would somebody do this? 




 Very cool extension. Thank you. I am in awe of how passionate you are of this while still not making money from it. 




