 Compare it with the number of deaths of other nationalities and it should be clear whether the numbers are BS or not. You haven't necessarily disproved The Guardian. 









 You know how you can go today and qualify for the NWC next month? I was at the Torrance one and I saw Arin, Dan and Ross there.

We were a ton of people standing in line to try our luck and qualify. I had waited for like an hour and there was maybe only 6 people in front of me. Suddenly Arin, Dan and Ross come walking past us all. It was some kid who was playing, maybe around 13 years old. Arin just walks up to him and pushes him to the side. We're all yelling wtf at him and one guy quickly comes up to him and tells him to back off. But Arin just faces him and says:

"Don't you fucking know who I am? I am fucking egoraptor. Internet celebrity extraordinaire. You do not fucking talk to me like that."

The guy was just looking at Arin completely puzzled. I wanted to say something since I was obviously the only one who actually knew who Arin was but I decided not to.

Then Arin was like "What the fuck is this garbage anyway?"

And he like looked at the 3DS and then yelled "Yo Ross check out this kid's shitty score."

Ross looked and then started laughing and said "Do you HONESTLY think you can qualify with that score? Are you fucking serious?" while looking at the poor kid.

At that point more people came to get them out of there and one of the men tried to grab Dan's arm and Dan pushed him away. He had this really mean look on his face and he was wearing sunglasses. He then took off his sunglasses and looked at the guy that had approached him and he said:

"Uhm... You may not recognize me as I was wearing glasses. I wrote an Internet song about dinosaurs and lazers in 2010. I'll escort myself out."

Then him and Arin and Ross walked together with Ross still laughing at the poor kid. I then saw them walking up to a car that was parked in a handicap spot and then they drove off.

Man, what the fuck is wrong with them? 




 See, that's what I noticed too among my Iranian friends. I always wondered why they'd mix more with Danish people (not that that's a bad thing at all!) compared to Arabs and Chinese who tend to stick to their own kind. I've asked some and they explained vaguely that they don't like other Iranians which I thought was strange.

Why do you think Iranians don't like to stick together? 




 I see. but is it then really true that all of the Iranian girls are bitchy/entitled? From my experience that doesn't seem to be the case. 




 Yeah I'd definitely hook up with an exotic chick too if I met one, nothing wrong with that. It just rubbed me the wrong way when the two girls that I've met said they'd exclusively date Danish guys. I mean, as much as I like exotic girls, I wouldn't reject a Danish girl simply because she was Danish. I don't know if those two girls are just a rare example or if this is something cultural that many Iranians feel. 




 I've never seen an Iranian woman date an Iranian man in Denmark though. I notice that Arab women always date Arab men but I never see that being the case with Iranian women. Is it something cultural? 




 That's very cool. Yes, Iranians seem much more integrated. Why is it that some of them date white men exclusively though? I've met two Iranian girls who said they only date Danish men. Is it because Iranian men don't treat them as good? 




 Kilde til den verste paragraf? Statistik over successrate? 




 So in that episode, they talked about how funny it would be if the announcer was sarcastic in his comments.

In Wave Race Blue Storm you can unlock a mode with a sarcastic commentator:
http://youtu.be/G-QfJ1jsmag 




 Er der nogen kilder som du kan henvise til som viser at det har en positiv indflydelse? Statistik? 




 Og hvordan skal man s hjlpe ham? 




 Is it true that the majority of Iranian women prefer Western men? All of the Iranian girls in Denmark seem to only go for Danish men. 




 Shabadibadab babadibadibub shabadiba 2 players dabadabadab JonTron dabadabadabadib daba Grumpcade 




  There are adults out there exploiting these stupid kids

What do you mean? Are you implying that ISIS fighters are going door to door in the UK and recruiting the kids?

Don't be naive. The only way these kids could get in contact with the ISIS fighters and be recruited is if the kids themselves actively seeked them out on Twitter and other places. These kids already knew about the rape and murders and they still got in contact with ISIS fighters to help them get there. They were already motivated to join the ISIS before they even got in contact. There's nothing innocent about them. 




 How does supporting genocides and the brutal rape, torture and murders of innocent people, including kids, compare to spending a few weeks in school detention?

If yoy were to do those things on school property, you'd be serving life in prison. 




 What's a good pick-up line? 




 Why are people so obsessed with changing the genders in video games? 




 I love how in the /r/arabs subreddit, they're all whining that reddit is being racist for pointing these things out. 




 "The West" consists of the people living there. 




  I also love that the pressure is not on Qatar to actually reform it's laws

Uh, yes? That's because last time the West tried to interfere in the Middle East, Arabs got angry and told the West to mind their own business.

Now the West is starting to mind their own business by not putting pressure on Qatar and interfering with another Middle Eastern country, but instead putting pressure on an organisation based in the West (FIFA) and now you're complaining that the West is not interfering in Middle Eastern politics?

Basically, the West is damned if they do, and damned if they don't. Now isn't THAT just fucking convenient? 




 Does that mean me and my ex might still be together in reality? That she never cheated on me? Damn, now I'm starting to get really excited if this is just a dream. 




