 You may or may not already have help in this area - but if you are interested in some resources regarding incunabulae (books printed in the first 50 years after Gutenberg), I'd be happy to help.  




 Okay, so clearly your second comment was awful - but perhaps worse, why would you deliberately call her out, as though she was not genuinely amused by this. Why would she fucking post it? I have a feeling if a male friend of yours posted this your response would not have been the same 




 I distinctly remember eating sand when I was a [really] little kid because I thought it was brown sugar. That shit is awesome 




 What game is this from?
 




 I agree - slightly deeper 




 BRB Clearing browser history. 




 Me too...I wish it were a gif :(
 




 Zach Braff, no one cares that you met someone. This isn't facebook 




 Yeah for real! I used to be very anemic all throughout high school - and I was a consummate tea-drinker as I didn't drink coffee at the time and most energy drinks didn't really exist at that point...so my best caffeine resource was tea! 

There are probably other factors, but I drink coffee now, and lo and behold I'm not anemic anymore! 




 I too work in a museum (assistant curator) - and while this is all highly amusing, the real potential problem with this is the risk of mold, insects, and other things that can be brought introduced to the museum that could damage the art in the collections. People pull this every once in a while, and half the time it's a painting that has sat in the attic forever....then actual expensive art gets infected with mold. Which costs the museum a lot of time to have conservators work on it... 




 Also a lady (who also took the survey) - I've played for 15+ years :|
 




 Look at Heidi Klum - she's a supermodel and every year she goes all out on over-the-top antithesis of "sexy" costumes. They're fantastic! 




 I would tend to agree with this - as someone who makes dumb cheddar by essentially being an intellectual, I'm usually greeted with enthusiasm and interest. Even by the branch of my family that are dyed in the wool conservatives and would be most people's conception of the "ignorant American" 




 Is it made by the Triangle Waist Company...? 




 Richard Branson needs to buy this place and make the world's scariest haunted house 




 My two favorite, no less! 




 Lies! I see new, still-in-plastic textbooks...FOR MUSIC. 




 Does he cheat or lie for apparently no reason in other situations? He may habitually lie - a problem that some people have - and this is just another extension of that. 

 




 Voyager.........:| 




 Make sure you clean your A/C grate! I find that it will get very dust quickly. A lot of people overlook it, but it makes a big difference in air quality as well as appearance. 




 Well George tends to get drunk and forget. 




 I'm not going to smile, best I can do is stand here awkwardly. 




 AND HE HAS HIS BUCKET 




 Take pictures dressed up in theme costumes or recreating movie scenes. Do at least one or two a day and then have a ridiculous album waiting for them when they return. 

 




 The question to ask is what he is will be wearing instead of a tux? If it's a nice suit that's relatively dark, don't sweat it. But anything else? Get le pissed. 




 Everyday coworkers and I go outside to eat lunch, and everyday the friendly desk attendant will push the button for us to exit - though sometimes they'll do it when we are coming back in - more than once this has almost hit us in the face 




 Hi! 

First piece of advice: people will not obsess over the things you say - good or bad. For the most part, people enjoy spending time with people and won't think about an awkward moment or awkward phrase. I think realizing this for me helped me gain confidence in what I was saying! Don't worry about it, because in all likely hood, nobody is really going to think about it that much! Plus, you'd be surprised what can really spark conversation.

My other tip, is that even as a pretty social and confident person, I occasionally "prep" if I'm going to be hanging out in a one-on-one situation. So, I'll look up some things in the news, or just funny pieces of trivia, etc. Just so I always have a few topics of conversation on tap, as it were.

Plus, sometimes a drink or two (nothing overboard!) can really help conversation flow and allow people to talk more freely
 




 One, two, three, four! Four counts of wrongful incarceration! ha ha ha 




 What's WRONG with me?? 




 I want to go to there 




 It's "student"-athletes like this that really cause most faculties to really resent athletics programs, and football in particular.  




