 He cringes even more when he vapes it and I tell him that he's got my PENIS Juice in his mouth. 




 I can't remember his name on here, but if you see this, thank you for the naming idea! 









 Yep, if that's the risk you have to take, so be it.

The US does it all the time, they apologise for it, and the world forgets.

We live in a shit world, and that's the reality of it. 




 Thank you.. As someone who never has and never will bookface, you're a champ. 




 Thankfully the sound also failed on the video. 




 Peggy!, the boy. 




 I just googled up Zoe Quinn.. 

It would need to be a cold day in hell and about 40 bottles of JD before I would even consider seeing her naked. 




 So you're running a single coil and not dual?

I'm waiting for my first dripper to arrive and not sure if I should hit a dual coil or single coil setup.

I did a dual .8 coil setup in my Kayfun and it was horrible, but I'm guessing it will be different in a dripper.

I was planning a single 1.1 coil as I prefer the cooler Vape 




 I sold mine by word of mouth to a fellow vaper that was on an evod..

The SVD is a great unit, but it's too big and ugly  




 What's your setup mate?

Mod, tank, coils etc 




 You're being down voted for expressing your own personal opinion.. 

Post a cat video, that's what this place (Reddit) thrives off.

I'm with you, fuck ISIS and nuke the shit out of all of them.

 




 Fat Bastard from Austin Powers - 'I'm sad cause I eat, and I eat cause I'm sad, its a vicious cycle' 




 That cop at the end had the same attitude, he was walking up like a curious bystander with his hands behind his back..  




 Yeah Nah, the professor Finks on here ruined that for me. 




 Thankfully I'm using Reddit on the mobile, each link comes up with the address instead of launching. 

Its 11pm here and really didn't feel like making any of them purple if they were live leak vids :) 




 All was awesome in your post, until the last line. 




 Hmm.. Poor bastard suffered the whole way through, there goes my theory and hoping he had some sort of luck in the situation. 




 Sex, wife and condom.. One of the three don't fit in the equation. 




 It would be terrifying but probably not painful?, I need someone sciencey to back me up, but he would've knocked himself out with the lack of oxygen that he used up and the carbon dioxide that he was exhaling..

I reckon drowning would have to be the most terrifying way to die. 




 Not specifically for heating in the use you are after.

Where are you based? As you can buy the stuff for a dollar a meter at most vape places 

 




 Hats, t-shirts and kids parents telling stories about their kids saying Yolo and when they did it. I blame you America. 




 Haha, my background is eastern European, I can relate. 




 Australia is late to catch on to American fads.. Its here and its painful. 




 In your awesomeness, can you please kill off yolo as well? 




 Your post reminds me of that old meme where there is a smoking hot girl in the pic, sub titled 'she's someone else's headache' - so very true. 

 




 I gave you an upvote, a sympathy one.. 




 Yup.. Only thing I change is the cotton when I'm switching flavours or if its starting to taste a little burnt. 

A couple hits of the coil dry burns all the crap off it ready for a re-wicking. 




 What's their stance on abortion? 




 I read all of these articles and it still doesn't change the facts of our society and world we live in.

Breathing in vapour will always be safer than inhaling burning matter and smoke, but the amount of money governments will lose on tobacco tax won't help us get vaping mainstream.

All smokers have basically covered themselves and 2 others for medical bills when it comes to the amount of tax being paid per packet smoked.

The only way I see vaping getting anywhere is when it is taxed severely and vape companies start donating ludicrous amounts of money to government parties.

The tobacco industry has been a controlling asshole for many years, and will continue to be.

tl;dr - government will lose too much money if vaping takes over, tobacco industries will always stranglehold us. 




 Why don't you just remove the legs? 




 Mine is on its way as we speak :) 




 I did, I never said I realised it was only for AMA's did I? 

Now fuck off back to your hole you crawled out of. 




 Installed  opened  love the design, hate that its only AMA  uninstalled 




 Thanks mate appreciate it  




 I remember watching the behind the scenes of that episode, the cast and crew actually didn't know what her name was going to be until the very end of the shoot.. 

One of the crowd members guessed it as Delores, and funny enough they only thought of the name a few moments before  




 I have a Nemesis clone which is now all battered and bruised.. Is the stingray clone any good? 

I have a Chi You, but its too chunky. 




 I read your comment in Samuel L Jacksons voice from Pulp Fiction.. When he was discussing his knowledge of giving a foot massage.. "I'm the foot fucking master" 




 Check the post history.. The same tone of comments are littered all across Reddit. 




 The troll seems legit..

From the post history, I can make out that she's a fat black woman that was more than likely backhanded a few times.  




 Exactly my story, same as Seinfeld as well. 




 That's the one!! 




 Where are you flying from?

I was up there over the weekend and I don't know what it is with that place, my tank kept on leaking like a bitch of a thing! Must be the humidity or warmth etc.

Drove me insane.  




 Dale, why are you removing the bug from the Bugabago?

 




 You're doing gods work there son, 




 There was a clip of the wedding where they were shaking hands in front of the cake..

Hank is so square and PG that it just makes his character funnier. 




 This one actually made me laugh out loud. Well done 




 I'm sorry, but on Reddit the majority come across just like he did 




 Settle down there Neck beard.

r/atheism wants you back over there.

Fucking atheists are worse than hardcore religious types. 




 Lol you know some of the words I said? :)

Mate, I'm happy to help you out with whatever you need to get started, PM me any questions you may have.. I started off on the evod and every single step between till I found my mech mod and tank that I love.

 




 I literally just drove back from Qld, I spent the whole weekend Vaping, and not a word said by anyone.

The only thing I heard was someone whispering 'look at his ecig thing.. Its a bit big' - had my nemesis running an 18650 and a Kayfun. 




 My dad was using YouTube to Google search up until 6 months ago.. No matter how much explaining I do, it will all just be jargon.

He knows the 'Blue E' is how he gets to Google.  




 This is what I worry about on a daily basis 




 It might, but it works a lot cleaner and smoother than IE 




 Haha I did that with Chrome. 

Its cut the 'what's wrong with the computer?' Phone calls by over 80% 




 Count me in as a PM target as well, happy to chat and with some experience behind me (personal) 




 Flick me a PM mate, I'm now 30, all was going well in life for me until s lot of crap came my way and sent me in a spiral. There is light on the other end and I'd be happy to chat with you whenever you feel. Anytime. 




 I was home for a week with a bad flu, did 1-13 in a row! 




 There is more to every story than what the media portrays to you.

There is always a LOT more.

In the case of Aborigines, unfortunately, the majority ruin it for the minority, and not the other way around.

There are a lot that genuinely try hard, are successful, and lead a great life.. Then there are the ones that take everything for granted, get given everything on a silver platter, get free housing, free schooling, free medical, free or heavily subsidised EVERYTHING, and still manage to ruin it and disrespect it.

I'm not racist towards any race in particular, I'm equally racist towards everyone. 




 Oh really?.. 

Don't worry about WA, go for a walk through redfern and then tell me how many 'Aboriginals' even deserve to see a doctor (paid for with my tax dollars)

This is a bait thread.

 




 Because, too-tsunami must not use the phone! 




 Will this work at officeworks in Australia? :(

We rebadged your store. 




 The commercials here in Aus always state 'if you're a non smoker, the average price will be...' Technically I'm not a smoker.. Considering its not smoke I'm inhaling. 




 www.nicvape.com - buy the nicotine, then support your local vape shops and buy juice here.. It tastes awesome and you'll get it straight away. 




 The ironic part of it is, this table doesn't exist in Aus..  




 Fedora, Trilby, same-same.

Still tacky as hell. 




 Well... I guess you are!

Where's your falcon? 




 Shi SHAAAAAH!, Squirrel Tactics! 




 We are just backing up the internet in case it breaks one day.... 




 No!, this is why his wife left him, and why he's fat, and Bald. 




 OBJECTURE! 




 I am Dale, shut up Bill. 




 I'm sorry, but I'm a stickler for finishes, and they way you have that installed looks absolutely horrible.

You could've at least used clear tape and not that bright blue painting masking tape.

 




 Haha 




 I'm doing 3ml a day at the moment... In a Kayfun 




 I thought that was Dennis Leary 




 For the life of me, I've never heard of someone polishing off a 15ml bottle of juice in a day!

That used to last me 2 weeks in my Evod! 




 The only company that hasn't fucked me around yet is nicvape. 




 What's wrong with the button?

All I did was the magnet upgrade and it didn't even need that 




 Most reliable for me is my Nemesis clone and the Kayfun clone. 

There isn't anything to really malfunction here.

Most reliable VV has been my SVD with a protank 2, and least reliable is my Sigelei Zmax v5. 




 Google it! 




 That's horrible. 




 Can vouch, watched a few docos on those guys.. Seriously evil bunch. 




 They MS13 for short? 




 Ohh nooo.. The card says Moops! 




 Moops 




 This video doesn't show a crazy girlfriend, it's just a video of a soft-cock that will always be treated like one if he keeps this up. 




 Never really knew remixes like this existed, some of the other tracks are even better  




 Because they're a bunch of fucks that were raised in a shitty family and were starved for attention.

Now that they're grown up, they'll do anything to get that attention, even if it means making others suffer.

I hold a special place for people like this piece of shit, and it's called 'I hope he gets hit by a car driven by that boys parents'.  




 No lie, everyone has their own beholder. 

You may not be attractive to one person but you may be very attractive to another. 

So, I_have_so_many_names - you're a beautiful person too. 




 Don't stress OP, I think you're pretty / handsome in your own little way. 

Everyone is.

 




 Anyone have a list of their own personal Dale Gribble episodes they recommend?

Shi Shaaaa! 




 The Amiga 500 




 He might've been checking if the grass really was greener on the other side? 




 All I need now is a portable Amiga 500 




 Hucci - Cashmere.

The best part of the track is in the video.. The rest of it is pretty ordinary 




 Hey bud, you've become my favourite reviewer. Keep up the good work and humour!! 




 Or that being too clever can make you look like an asshole. 




 I've so far seen a guy jam an elephant sized dildo up his ass, a hand blown off, a hole in someone's face, all whilst I've been in this sub.. 

This has been the most mentally disturbing one of all, it had me physically cringing as well.

Those kids will be mentally scarred for life  




 That is some interesting info and thank you.

I've seen the hardware get better and better, and with the new software and control it will bring, hopefully the 2 can  match.

The OS is where it needs to be from a look and feel perspective, its buttery smooth, its fast, and now can work on minimal hardware specs. Its about time they sort out the camera. 




 Boop 




 Really though? Isn't it just another interface lift? I haven't really seen much posted about camera improvements on the N5, hoping someone running L can verify the difference for me, if any.. 




