 I'm sure John Mulaney is hilarious, but the writing on this show seems horrible. 

"I have a feeling I'll never get booked on Letterman?"
"What'd the booker say?"
"You'll never get booked on Letterman"

Cue the laugh track and me turning the channel.  




 I think the world will finally know peace when Netflix decides to add all of the original Law and Order episodes. 

Briscoe/Curtis/McCoy 4 life. 




 How to Get Away With Murder was definitely my favorite pilot. Shonda strikes again.

I've also (kind of) been enjoying Red Band Society. Hoping the coma kid wakes up or dies, though, or they just eliminate the annoying narration. I see it getting canceled, though.

And Black-ish is good, too.  




 I caught a girl stealing headphones and a bunch of other stupid stuff once. I followed her into the bathroom, she got startled and dropped all the packaging. I said "did you pay for that?" She said yes. I asked for her receipt, she said she threw it away. I said "okay, well let's go look it up." She got all cocky and said okay. Halfway to the register I said if I couldn't find it I was calling the cops. She backed down, opened her bag, and handed me all the stuff. This girl was like 13. 

I've caught plenty of meth-heads stealing pens and velcro, but the little girl with the Hello Kitty headphones is still my best thief story. 




 Customer comes in with a printed page "so you carry this, where might I find it?" It's a popcorn maker or a treadmill or something equally ridiculous. "I'm sorry ma'am/sir, that's an online only item"... " No it isn't"... "Yes it is... it says 'online only' right there"... "Well can you call another store?"... "It's online only, meaning you can only order it from our website"... "Can you just check?"... "..." 




 We both just got our asses handed to us by our GM. Our DM wanted someone to be held responsible (aka fired) but we were both to blame so it just got forgotten about.

Anytime some idiot cashier puts ink out without a box now I'm all over it. I found a $24.99 Epson 200 tricolor pack with no box earlier and I freaked haha, I don't think the paranoia will go away as long as I'm at Staples. 




 I have no idea honestly. The Epson one happened on a really busy day where it was just me and two other people. I think someone just came in with an open duffle bag, grabbed the ink and walked out. It would have probably only taken a minute or two and I'm sure the person planned it. We don't have cameras or anything so who knows.

The Canon one happened on a morning pretty close to when the Epson thing happened, so I'm sure it was the same people. I'm pretty sure I came close to being fired for the Epson theft. If there wasn't another MOD there I'm sure I would have been. 




 A year or so ago someone jacked literally all of our Epson ink, like $5000 worth. So we started alpha boxing all of it. Then the same thing happened with our Canon ink (not $5000, maybe $500) so we started alpha boxing all of that, too.

Now everything is boxed, except Kodak, because no one likes Kodak. 




 I probably watch three movies I've never seen a month, sometimes more. This WEEK I've watched five or six but I probably won't watch any more for a few weeks. 

Every year I set a goal to watch 150 movies I've never seen, and I do really good for like a month. And then I stop completely. 




 I watched The Rock for the first time today. Pretty good, actually. Nicolas Cage and Sean Connery are hilarious. 

"How in the name of ZEUS' BUTTHOLE did you get out of your cell?" 




 The other day a guy brought back a shredder. I heard him say to my tech associate "yeah I just want to swap it out". He didn't have a receipt so he needed me to look it up. I asked when he bought it he said "oh, I don't know, maybe six months ago?" 

I was just like "... no, we can't do that. Our return policy is 14 days." He was just like "I'll remember that next time I decide to shop here." 

Also had someone wanting to return a laptop after a year because it was running slow. I asked if he bought the extended warranty, he asked "no, why would I do that?" He started yelling when I denied it and I said "every retail location has a similar return policy, I don't really know what to say" and he flipped out.

We also get tons of non-receipted return requests. Oh yeah, I totally believe you bought three of the same $50 daytimers, two pairs of the same headphones, a Mophie case and a $100 Kenneth Cole backpack. It's gotten to the point where I just say "nice try, but no." 




 Awesome job! 




 I think my store's budget is like, $2200 or something. Any store in my district that sells over $3K consistently gets a tech bench, but I think we've hit $3K like... once ever and that was a year and a half ago. We usually hit $1000-$1500 lately. BUT, for the last year we've had like, 1.5 techs (.5 because usually weekends are all they can work) and no SSM. 

We usually hit 6% ESP, sometimes higher sometimes lower (this past week it was like... 1.7% or something equally fucking awful, but the week before it was 8%) Goal is 7% but 6% is acceptable.

Talking to customers is the main thing, I think. I do pretty shitty with sales when I'm like "buy the fucking Dell and get out of my face." But when I'm like "hey how's it going, what are you using this for, oh I have a sister named Alice, too, yeah the parade was really cool, oh Big Brother is great this season, blah blah" people are way more likely to buy Squaretrade, Office, Total Support, etc. 

Anytime you see anyone over 50 heading into the laptop/tablet section, grab them. Old people are your key demographic because 99% of the time they don't know what the hell they're doing. Mention viruses and you're in. 

And you gotta be pretty shady. When my store had a TCE (long, long ago) a customer brought in their computer because they're screen was flipped upside down. Now we all know this can be fixed by pressing a few buttons. My TCE charged this poor old lady the full diagnostic fee. As soon as she was out the door he pressed the buttons and it was fixed. He called her the next day and made up some bullshit.  




