 Find a torrent of Insanity or p90x and make that your obsession. You don't even have to leave the house. 




 I Had a teacher say that to me in jr high cause I made fun of his name. It was spurlock and I called him spermblock. He overheard me and a freind call him that and proceeded to tell us if he ever heard us say that again he would "rip off our head and shit down our windpipe" said a teacher to 13 year old students. 




 Legend of Zelda 2 




 That escalated quickly. 




 Do you have any tunes in soundcloud? 




 There's a good bootleg called after the goldrush that's pretty good 




 Seems to me that if you can bench 365 you have some idea what your doing...I'm tempted to call shenanigans on this.  




 that juno reactor is sick and what i had in mind thanks
 




 thank my memory is refreshed
 




 In that featurett there is a clip comparing shots of a chase scene with water melons exploding. It's been a while but I don't remember that from the original movie was that a cut scene or am I just forgetting it. 




 I dig that tribal bongo sound when its coupled with house, breaks, psy, ect... Is anyone aware of other artists that incorporate bongos into there stuff? I would love artist, track, genre recommendations. thanks. 




 Did you make out with my ex girlfriend at a pub in Scotland a few years ago, she always claimed she met you there and being the only other American you guys hit it off and ended making out. Figure noes my chance to see if she wasn't full of shit. 




 KIDS fucked up as it is its probably more relevant to a lot of today's youths than any of these othe movies. 




 "Message read on the bathroom wall, 
I don't feel at all like I fall 
And we're Losing all touch losing all touch 
Building a desert.

Custom concern- modest mouse 




 Whenever I hear this song I think of this America undercover " small town ecstasy" where a 40 somthing dad goes to raves and gets high with his kids and that is "there" song.  




 Uhh... Kiser Sose! 




 Fight club! The testosterone pumping through that movie is epic.  




 I had this problem for almost all my life, it just so happens that all my life I was overweight. Once I lost weight it went away slightly but what really did the trick was building my chest. Bench, flys, more bench, dumbbell incline. But also working the upper back will help even it all out. Kiss your puffy cone nips goodbye! 




 Join a community sports team, go to the gym, spend. Hour or so in a bar, cafe, ect... And make a point to talk to one person every time your there, Even if its just a comment on a book there reading or a comment about the weather. Smile all the time, you will come off as more aprochable. Shop at your local co-op, hippies are always freindlt, go to a reddit meet up.  




 Open my eyes 




 The op was his fathers accidental orgasm. 




 The Cornballer... Mother or god! Every! Damn! Time! 




 http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-qReXhzHKTSQ/TcPrqa9JtgI/AAAAAAAAAMk/4otXmJBdY0o/s1600/fight%2Bclub.jpg

Always works for me 




