



















 Actually in Washington state at least you can fight another person consensually as long as each party agrees that it's consensual, except when there is reasonable suspicion of it being a domestic dispute.

At least, that's how I've had that RCW explained to me. 










































































 OMG you're the best.

I'm ashamed I didn't recognize that, though 




 Wait wait am I correctly seeing a tattoo combining the yin-yang/rebel alliance/galactic empire symbols?

That's the second-best thing in this photo. 




 The worst part is that it's a repost? Or that TIL never *actually* learns? 














 Oh god bad memories from that movie. The one for Lust was awful. 




 Let's all calm down, old sport. 




 I'd believe it. Americans are pretty famous for bandwagoning, y'know. (WWI, anyone?) 




 Ah no apology, it's confusing regardless of any language barrier. 




 Uh, no to repealing it or no to keeping it?

Double negatives really suck. 




 NO MERCY. 




 "So edgy Dianne Feinstein's trying to ban it."

Ugh, can we just agree to leave gun-nut politics in /r/progun? 




 Quick! Save yourself and put an /s at the end!! 




 I'm Spartacus! 




 Yeah that was unexpected. Maybe he/she's in remission or something? 




 People aren't stupid, we just need a little tort reform. 




 Basketball? 




 top two. 




 In the minds of most Americans, yes, unfortunately. 




 *sighhh*...thanks Belgium, you guys did good today. 




 Yea no kidding. Americans dig an absolute crushing victory, not a tie at the last minute. If anything this will decrease interest in the next match. 




 IT WAS YOUUUUUUU 




 GOD FUCKING DAMN IT 




 Oh my god Oh my god 4 minutes ok we can do this 




 stop stop stop don't speak too soon damn it! 









 Remember they need to get approved by congress. That shit ain't easy, Supreme Court justices are always gonna be moderate unless one party controls the government, which is unlikely given the redistricting. And even if the democrats somehow gain control of both houses miraculously, when do they really ever have their ducks in a row to confirm a real progressive justice? The coalition is too broad for that. 




 How many times do I have to do that? For gods sake, I've already deleted my account once to start fresh and customize my subs. The small, nice subreddits I find keep getting bigger and already I'm seeing some of them decrease in quality.

I wish I could just *enjoy* it. I don't mind a little work finding new subreddits, but it seems to be an endless cycle. Too much work.

*good example of this:* ELI5, ELIAMA, which both used to be pristine, awesome places. Now they're used as soapboxes for neckbeards and armchair revolutionaries, as well as racists (recall the recent "ELI5 Why gypsies suck" thread). 




 No.

Zinn's one (slightly crackpot) side to a multifaceted story. The senate was an unelected body meant to provide (in theory, mind you) a bulwark against an overreaching federal government and semi-autonomous regional governments. 

Of course the framers were concerned about tyranny of the majority, as they should be, but the senate was not designed *only* to be a check on majority rule, and I disagree with his idea that "the framers" acted as one body that was exclusively interested in protecting their interests, and that that's the primary role they saw for the government. The framers were not a unanimous bloc, they had a lot of ideas for the roles of government, and they all disagreed about many of them. You can't make such blanket statements, things are more nuanced than that.

I can't stand people running around waving *People's History of the United States* and spouting these things as if they're the only way to look at it. 




 /r/polandball! 




 oh. I get it. That's really bad, man. 




 /r/ladybonersgonecuddly for not just double, but *triple* the karma


^^and ^^compliments, ^^cutie ^^;) 









 DAE reddit funnier than 9gag? We're so much FUCKING FUNNIER AND DON'T YOU DARE DISAGREE WITH ME.

[L]edit: thanks for the gold :) 




