 Surprised to see that my hometown TV station made it on r/science. The last time they made worldwide news was for their drunk anchor. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2071669/Annie-Stensrud-Was-bumbling-news-anchor-drunk-air-Female-presenter-slurs-words-bizarre-broadcast.html 









 What's he doing at a World Wrestling Entertainment event? 




 One has to wonder about the multitude of ways that sports subtly affect our psyches and actions. The article mentioned that sports defeats also boost chances of traffic fatalities and domestic violence... eeek!  









 100% positive feedback: sounds like a responsible mother. 









 So rigid, methodical, and uninspired... but enough about the current state of scientific publishing. 



















 So many people carry around hatred and contempt after being wronged. The accompanying worry and anxiety must feel like a 20lb weight on each shoulder. You don't have to forget -- justice should be done in those circumstances. But forgiveness is the true liberation. 









 Technically correct. Though with male animals, vets almost always remove the testicles: simple, cheap, effective.

The downside is that your male cat won't be cooling its balls on the base of toilets. 









 If fusion reactions don't become self-sustaining, how do you explain stars? 




 NIF began focused on achieving fusion ignition and it still is. But they've missed so many deadlines over there that it seems they're starting to "diversify their research portfolio," so to speak -- taking on all sorts of projects.

I mean, that HUGE laser has to be used for something! 




 NIF's biggest problem is being able to sustain and control the fusion reaction. Judging by the article it doesn't seem that fusion ignition occurred, where the reaction actually becomes self-sustaining. In other words, I'm guessing that they didn't reach the break even point, if they did, that would be the headline.

 




 We like to have fun in Madison.

http://www.southparkstudios.com/clips/402323/we-like-to-have-fun-here 














 This study was released almost two months ago and already appeared on /r/science. I love how Scientific American simply slapped on a misleading headline and republished it. 









 Looks like they compared the subjects' final fitness scores/metrics to baseline metrics taken at the beginning of the program. Not sure if sedentary controls are really needed for a study of this design. 



















 STUNNER! 














 Here's a link to the research that I think the author is referencing:
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23759244

Psychobiotics: A Novel Class of Psychotropic.

Abstract: Here, we define a psychobiotic as a live organism that, when ingested in adequate amounts, produces a health benefit in patients suffering from psychiatric illness. As a class of probiotic, these bacteria are capable of producing and delivering neuroactive substances such as gamma-aminobutyric acid and serotonin, which act on the brain-gut axis. Preclinical evaluation in rodents suggests that certain psychobiotics possess antidepressant or anxiolytic activity... 














 One time I ripped my boxers deadlifting and mistook it for an anal blowout. For the thirty minutes before I noticed that they were ripped, I was scared shitless that my colon would start leaking out of my arsehole. 









 Whoops, damn my brain. A billion billion is still less than 10^32, though! ;) 




 Only a billion years? Pffft. The proton can live for up to 10^32 years! 









 This study is interesting in that people commonly perceive cities as more dangerous due to higher crime and homicide rates -- we fear what we can't control. But in reality, the risk of injury death is higher outside of cities. 









 One findings that was surprising about this study was that people were least likely to intervene when the conflict was between a man and a woman. Those fights are often of a different nature, I suppose. 




 Yes, here are a couple.

Lesbian parents (PDF): "...although children from lesbian families were more likely to explore same-sex relationships, the large majority of children who grew up in lesbian families identified themselves as heterosexual."
http://www.silveroakcasino.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/3.pdf

Gay Parents: "More than 90% of sons whose sexual orientations could be rated were heterosexual."
http://psycnet.apa.org/journals/dev/31/1/124/ 




