 So I am playing through the lessons and I simply cannot get 100 percent on any of the practice tracks. Specifically, once I get up to the 12th fret and higher rocksmith has a really hard properly recognizing notes.

For instance, in the shifting lesson, it asked me to play the 15th fret. So I did. It kept complaining that I was hitting the 16th fret. I had to play the 14th fret to pass that part.

It is especially bad in the sustain track because it simply refuses to acknowledge that I have hit the 12th fret notes at all unless I pick the string way harder than should really be necessary.

I have my pickup selector set to the neck pickup. I have the pickup volume the whole way up. I have increased the line in input in my mixer settings. I have recalibrated and retuned (both with rocksmith as well as my snark clip on tuner). I've tried tuning at both the neck and the 12th fret (guitar geek tip - tune by playing at the 12th fret). Everything should be working. But it isn't. 

Anyone else run into this?? 




 I just noticed this a few minutes ago. I had planned on getting my parents a gift card for christmas, and I realized that they don't seem to be available at either site anymore.

Did I miss the memo, or is there a system down somewhere or what? 




 Pretty simple question I hope. I have been dying for black pudding but for the life of me I can't find it in the US. I have decided to make it for myself.

However out of 3 butchers, 0 would sell me pig blood. One told me it is illegal to sell. That sounds... strange.

I found an ethnic Asian market that sells it frozen, but I know ethnic markets can sometimes play a little fast and loose with legality. Not that I care if they have what I need, lol.

So, does anyone know? Is it really illegal to sell pig blood in the US? 




 What the title says.

We use capital one 360 and have one checking and a ton of savings accounts (its how we handle budgeting).

I know if I transfer out of a savings account to checking it counts toward the monthly limit, but I don't believe I have ever seen a notice when transferring between savings accounts. 




 Hey everyone! I'm in the process of planning out my wife and I's first at-home Christmas dinner. We got tired of figuring out whose family/friends/whatever we were supposed to attend each year and decided to just spend it together.

As of now I'm working on putting together the menu. Obviously this is a special meal so I am going all out.

Appetizer:
??

Lemon sorbet in between

Main course:

* Crown rack of lamb
* Couscous with nuts, fruit
* garlic custard
* asparagus bundles tied with bacon

Cheese plate: 

* Roquefort or stilton
* Cabot clothbound cheddar
* Camembert
* Some TBD hard cheese
* Some TBD chevre or sheep milk cheese

Dessert:
Chocolate mousse, a lemon curd tart, creme brulee or a tart tatin and espresso

Wine pairing:
* cote du rhone
* Chateau Ste Michelle Eroica (her favorite)

So, I have most of it planned out. There are a few things TBD the one I am having the most trouble with is the appetizer.

I know traditionally it should be a soup or salad. I'd like to go a bit beyond a salad, so I'm trying to think of soups. 

Any suggestions? Any other ideas for apps that would fit? 




 Pretty simple question. It's nice enough that Rocksmith shows you hand positioning, but some songs seem to have kind of wonky finger positioning that doesn't really make sense with the positioning. 

It seems like tremolos show you the finger, but otherwise it doesn't really seem to help too much. 




 So, I've always had an issue with the occasional muscle spasm. Usually it's minor, and it doesn't happen frequently. But every now and then I'll be practicing and one of my fingers will have a single solitary "twitch."

Now, i've never been to a doctor for it because it is pretty seldom, but it does seem to happen more often when I'm using my hands - like when I'm playing guitar.

So, does anyone else have this problem? How have you overcome it? Thus far it hasn't really impacted my practicing, but I'd love to understand what it is and how to ensure it never does impact my practicing. 




 Hey everyone. I grabbed CDLC for 21st Century Digital Boy (bad religion), which was PC only. I used the toolkit to convert to mac.

At the song select screen, the song shows up. The music plays. When I select the song, the "rocksmith recommends" stuff all shows up properly, tuning shows up, etc. When I press play, if it's the first song, the tuner will show up. If i'm already in standard E, it won't.

At this point through something weird happens. The foreground graphics all fade away, leaving just the background (and the amp stacks on the sides of the screen). Then it just sits there. Hitting escape/enter/whatever doesn't work. The game stays responsive, but it just sits there with no way to escape.

I've had to force quit trying it 4 times now, so it's definitely repeatable. Could it be an issue with the CDLC? Or maybe something went wrong during the conversion from PC to Mac? It's the only one I've had an issue with so far! 




 Hey everyone. This is impacting me on both Classical and Electric guitar. During warmups and initial practice my fret hand has no issues. For classical, my thumb placement is exactly where it should be, behind the second fret (first position). I'm sitting correctly, guitar in my lap at a 10 degree angle (ish) learning in to my body and at an ascending angle.

With electric, my position is a bit more sloppy and relaxed. Usually I'm sitting on a couch or chair and playing whatever feels most comfortable at the time (the electric is more for fun and less for serious study for me right now).

Either way, after about 30 minutes or so, my fret hand starts to ache. I find myself squeezing the fretboard a lot, so I'm wondering if this is causing it?

My classical guitar teacher has suggested letting gravity pull my hand down on to the string as opposed to exerting force, but when i do that I tend to get buzzing more than clear notes. He also suggested bringing my fret hand's arm's elbow tighter in to my body, but still, not much improvement. Other than that, he said my form is fine. So I'm kind of at a loss.

I'm a relatively new player - about 6 months, so could this just be simple muscle fatigue that will go away? Is there something else I could be doing wrong? Any other ideas would be really appreciated. Usually I can just shake out my hand and it goes away, but there have been a few times where it has caused me to cut my practicing a bit short. Since I've been practicing more and more lately, it has been limiting me more and more. 




 A buddy is letting me long-term-borrow his fender deluxe player strat. There are the 3 pickup knobs, and the normal pickup selector switch. There is also a button which has no label. Since it's used, there's no guide with the guitar. For the life of me, I can't find anything on google other than it controls pickups. I don't know what it does exactly.

The official fender blurb says: "The powerful Deluxe Players Strat guitar is set apart from the pack by features [...] standard five-way pickup switch paired with push/push mini-switch offering an even greater variety of pickup combinations, brown shell pickguard and gold-plated vintage hardware."

Which, is great for saying what it's supposed to do, but how the heck does it work? So, can anyone help an ignorant newbie? :) 




 Hey everyone. I have been taking classical fingerstyle lessons for about 6 months now, and feel somewhat accomplished with it.

I have been planning to start dabbling in rock and jazz for awhile (I figured learning rock and jazz with the full knowledge of theory behind it would be awesome). A buddy is letting me long-term-borrow his fender strat to start doing just that. Well, as a gift my wife picked me up RS2014, and I now have it fully decked out. The thought was it would give me the ability to practice stuff that isn't from the book, let me start playing around with other styles, and most importantly keep the guitar in my hand.

I have no plan to stop taking lessons.

So, who else out there takes guitar lessons in addition to playing RS? Are there any teachers or students out there who can provide information or tips about this approach? I want to play with both, but I don't want to sabotage my lessons. I want RS to be an enhancement to my learning.

My guess is I need to focus a lot on the guitarcade because it doesn't so much teach songs as it does teach techniques that are always important. The songs should just be a fun addition. What does everyone else think? 




 So, I've been messing with the guitarcade in RS2014, but I'm getting kind of frustrated that to learn, I play through (but usually fail pretty fast).

The problem is, after I lose, I have to watch the losing animation, watch a game over screen, watch a high scores screen, go to the title screen, "make some noise," wait for opening animations, etc.

Is there any way I can skip all of that stuff and get right back to gameplay? It's annoying having 45 seconds of downtime between each attempt. 




 Pretty much what I put in the title. I've been studying fingerstyle for awhile, and had an opportunity pop up to get an Fender Strat (a buddy is considering selling it, but isn't sure if he really wants to, so I am "long term borrowing" while he decides if he can live without it or not).

This works for me, because in a few months I want to pick up a hollowbody to start venturing more into Jazz and rockabilly.

So, now I have this thing, I don't know where to go first. I tried fingerpicking but it started gouging the hell out of my nails, so I'll be picking up some new alaska piks soon. Are there any good books for jazz that I can start with? This is less serious study and more for fun, so I'd love to hear everyone's opinions. Something for jazz fingerpicking would be spectacular because it's what I'm most comfortable with. 




 Pretty much exactly what the title says. What do you find yourself buying most often? Picks? Reeds? Strings? Cork oil? Cables?

I want to start with basics musicians always need, and then eventually start moving towards larger items (things that are tough and expensive to build up an inventory of initially). 




 As of this evening I'm borrowing a buddy's Les Paul studio that he never plays (he is considering selling it but isn't sure, and figures it will give him a chance to see if he really never uses it if I long-term-borrow). It gives me a chance to futz around on an electric before I make the jump on a hollowbody next year.

Pretty simple question - does anyone know of a current deal on RS2014 for pc/mac? I know I'm a week late, but maybe someplace still has a cyber-week sale going on.

If I can find the core game, I'll order one of the cables separately. Otherwise I'll be ordering the physical bundle. 




 It arrived yesterday. My wife and I have been fed up with replacing 1 to 2 coffee machines a year for years, and getting consistently terrible support.

So, we figured the time had come, so we took advantage of the 20% sale at Williams-Sonoma and placed our order.

My first impressions - I like how it's built. While it will be a pain in the ass for folks who hate washing small parts, for kitchen clean freaks like the wife and I, it's awesome. It also shows you what you're paying for - a crazy pump and heating element, with some well designed plastic parts to hold and drip coffee through.

I had the first brew this morning, and I had mixed results. I made enough for 10 cups of coffee, using their guideline of 7tbsp (usually we each have 2 mugs of coffee a morning, and measuring it out with water that was about what was needed). The coffee came out surprisingly timid taste-wise (not the coffee maker's fault, I have to dial it in). I used a paper filter instead of a mesh filter, so the mouthfeel was slightly diminished from what I'm used to. I'll pick up a new filter today.

Despite the first pot being a little light, I will say that it packed a hell of a punch of caffeine. I had to be up for work at 4:30, and about 10 minutes after finishing my travel mug I got a very noticable jolt. I weigh 230 lbs. That almost never happens with coffee, especially cheap bulk beans from sams club (I don't use "the good stuff" until I have it dialed in). This could have been psychosomatic, but it was noticable to me.

So far, I am very impressed, I just have to dial in the right amount of coffee to use. It looks great, albiet a little industrial.  I also like the 5 year guarantee - at the rate we were replacing pots this alone makes the ticket price worth it. 




 Hey everyone. Like lots of folks, I got involved with cryptocurrency during the boom last december. However, much of the time between then, and honestly, even now, I was flying by the seat of my pants and guiding myself with back-of-napkin math. I didn't keep much in the way of records.

Since getting involved, a number of the parties I've worked with have shuttered their doors, gone bankrupt, or worse (gone rogue resulting in lots of losses that I've more or less shrugged off). With these places closing their doors, I've lost the ability to get records of the transactions to/from them. I still earn some bitcoin weekly through online mining contracts.

So, my issue is I'd like to try and comply with the IRS advisory, but I simply lack most of the records I would need to comply. I'm not really sure what to do. Part of me wants to take the paltry sum of bitcoin that I have now (as in this moment, it's small, about $200 USD) and set it aside, and start keeping immaculate records.

The benefit of doing that is I can start freely converting some of my earnings back to USD so long as I pay taxes on the capital gains/losses, which is a good thing right? If I am correct - I pay taxes on the income the day that the bitcoin is received, and then if it is held, I pay taxes on the capital gains between the day it is received and the day it is used for another financial transaction.

However, I haven't been able to get any real information about how to do my taxes. What forms do I need? Usually I do my taxes with turbotax, but I'm guessing that is out of the question? For a non-tax-pro, the whole advisory is really confusing and I don't really know where to begin if I want to go "green field" and start keeping immaculate records.

I just need advice about what to do and how to best proceed. I've tried starting a conversation about this in /r/bitcoin but the majority of folks there just say not to bother which is counterproductive. I've also seen folks say to talk to a tax attorney or cpa but the prices in our area dwarf the amount ive earned significantly. 




 So, I've been playing with cryptos for a little over a year now. The issue I have is that in that time, I didn't keep good records. I don't know how much I mined, how much I sent where, etc. Worse, there is a lot that I have lost in places like Gox and Bitcoin-Trader. I can't get records from them. Likewise a number of the altcoin pools I was participating in have dried up and closed their doors, so I can't account for my transactions from them.

All said, I honestly don't know how to handle the taxes.

So, what I'm considering doing is sending everything I currently have to a paper wallet, and starting to keep detailed records from that day forward (kind of a "green field" approach). At least then I can be somewhat in compliance. Is this a good/bad idea? I'm in the US and the reporting requirements are confusing to say the least. 




 Hey everyone!
Hopefully this is my last pre-purchase question. I'm pretty sure I'm getting rocksmith and rocksmith 2014, but now I'm torn between PS3 and PC.

PS3 seems like it is the easiest to get up and running. PC, by nature of being a more open platform, should give me more versatility - stuff like custom DLC (I really want more jazz stuff to be included, and this seems like the only option).

Are there any other major differences I need to be aware of between the two?? 




 Hey everyone. I am interested in picking up ricksmith and rocksmith 2014. I am currebtly studying classical guitar, but I feel that this could help me pick up the guitar a bit morw and in a different way.

I have seen several articles mention that in rocksmith 2014 you can pay to download the song library from the original rocksmith if you have it already.

Does this require that I have a copy of the original rocksmith? Or can I just buy rocksmith 2014 and download the original rocksmith's song library as dlc?

This is for PS3 




 Simple question I hope. I am re-outfitting my GT Transeo 2.0 to be a training bike. As part of that, I picked up a lower end cycle computer that had gotten thumbs up for rear mounting.

Now, I'm having a hell of a time getting the spedometer sensor to work correctly. My bike uses disk brakes, so the chainstays and seatstays are extremely wide. According to the manufacturer, the spoke magnet and the sensor have to pass within 1-3mm of each other (2 business cards thickness). There simply is no where on the frame of my bike where that is possible. Even at the hub (if the disk brakes weren't blocking me from putting it there) there is still about a half inch between the magnet and the sensor.

The only place I've found that gets the sensor close enough to the spoke magnet is on the sheathing to the brake line right before it goes into the disk brake mechanism. If I mount the sensor there, it finally is close enough to the magnet that it can pick it up. My major concern is that the zip ties will restrict movement of the brake line.

I am also considering beefing up the magnet by using some neodymium magnets - i just have to find a way to hold them. 














 Over the weekend I picked up a several games. The Jak and Daxter collection, The Ratchet and Clank collection, Rayman Origins and Rayman Legends, Lego Hobbit, and GTA5. Well over the 100$ requirement. However I haven't seen anything from Sony about the credit they promised for spending over 100$. 




 Hey everyone!
My wife, for christmas, is getting me a set of rollers for my bike. She let me know, so we can pick them out together. Right now I'm looking at Elite Atrion mag rollers. It's on sale at Performance Bicycle for black friday, and it seems like a good option. Has anyone

Truth is, I've got a sedentary job, and I've gained about 55lbs since I started working there 5 years ago. I've been trying to lose weight. We have a very good treadmill, but I seriously can't stand running anymore (I've run 2 half marathons, my knees can't take it with the weight, and my mind can't take the boredom). I can get an OK workout by walking/wogging on the treadmill, but I just enjoy my bike more.

I have a GT Transeo 2.0 hybrid with the stock tires. I've been told that the tires will work, but I should look at getting some smooth tires. Is there any truth to that?

I'm also thinking about getting some kind of cycle computer to monitor cadence/speed, but what other features should I look at? I feel like GPS would be wasted because I won't be using the computer while I'm outside riding. What other training specific features would be helpful? Are there any models anyone can recommend? For heart rate, I've got a Polar F11 (it's old but it works great). 




 Well, our turkey cooked far faster than expected for a 23lb bird. It is now done nearly 2 hours earlier than expected.

Will storing it in a cooler dry things out? 




 This is something that has been bothering me for awhile - why do so many people make the assumption that women cook and men don't? What defines our biases associated with foods and who we think is "good" at making them?
 
I'll give an example. I spent all day making a series of dishes for a community meeting. Everything 100% from scratch, slow food style, so when I say from scratch I mean as close to scratch as I can reasonably come. Stromboli with homemade mozz, sauce, homegrown veggies, home ground sausage, etc. The yeast was the only thing that came in a package. Fruit leathers from berries I picked. Cupcakes filled with home brewed chocolate stout cream. Things that took a long time and a ton of effort.

I show up to the meeting, and the first response I hear after "this is amazing!" is "Please tell your wife this food was awesome!" I was fit to be tied.

We regularly have pot lucks at work, and it happens there too. Muesli cookies? Apple pie from hand picked apples and home milled flour and home churned butter crust? Vanilla bourbon salt caramels? Again, people seem incredulous that I, not my wife, made it. "You made this!?"

It feels like a huge slap in the face. Yes I freaking made it! Spending hours tweaking something to get it perfect only to have someone assume that you didn't do it because you have a penis really, really sucks. I am exacting with cooking. I have a deep sense of pride in what I cook. I'm passionate about it. If I could do it all over,  I'd have gone into the CIA. So it feels horrible when I get that doubtful "yeah, right" look after I explain that my wife didn't make something.

I just don't get it. People love celeb chefs like Alton Brown, Robert Irvine, Bobby Flay, and more. So why do so many people on the whole seem to assume that men generally cannot cook?

The crazy thing is, there is an inverse to this. If it is grilled or bbq, the assumption is I'm the one responsible, even though my wife is excellent at grilling.

Has anyone else experienced this? How pervasive are these biases? 




 I've wanted one for about 2 years. After wrecking yet another candy thermometer and knowing that I have a massive thanksgiving meal to cook on the horizon, I dug deep and placed the order.

I just got the notice from fedex that it was delivered today.

So, anyone else out there have a thermopen? How do you like it? The reviews are all glowing, but I'd love to know more about how well it has worked for you. 




 Hey everyone. I'm taking advantage of the 1$ galaxy S5's from Best Buy this week to upgrade my wife and I's phones. We are eligible for upgrades as of july of this year, so that isn't a concern.

We currently have 2 lines on an unlimited data plan (the one you can't get anymore). According to best buy, they will just renew the current contract. However when we started stepping through the process online, they say they will just renew the current plan but CONDITIONS MAY APPLY. But no where on the website does it list any kind of conditions, so we haven't pulled the trigger online. We're going to the store tonight instead.

So, does anyone have any idea what those conditions are? Will they force me out of my unlimited data plan as a condition? 




 Hopefully this is a quick, simple question. What is the effective difference between a traditional cleaver and a straight back cleaver ? I can't tell if the curved blade near the front would be helpful or hurt the my normal usage of a cleaver (hacking up carcasses). 

I mean, no front point SHOULD make the second one less likely to be damaged, right?

Examples:

Traditional: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B001505OT6

Straight back: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B005CFSMVM
 




 Hey everyone. I would like to try my hand at making a tofu press. I was thinking something simple like this:
http://www.amazon.com/EZ-Tofu-Press-Removes-Texture/dp/B007LLGMG2/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1416623778 sr=8-1 keywords=tofu+press

What I was wondering about - what would be a good wood for this? End grain like you would use for a butcher block? It's going to be exposed to prolonged periods of pressure against a wet food surface. What kind of finish would work and be safe? 




 I am lucky enough to be very good friends with the son of one of the founders of Ithaca hours. For those who are not familiar, check out the wiki:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ithaca_Hours

The short version - it is a local currency that had had a very large amount of local buy-in from businesses.

I was thinking - wouldn't this be a great model not just for bitcoin, but also for any crypto in general? If bitcoin could start being evangelized at a local level similar results should be attainable, right? Thoughts? 

It seems like a natural fit - all of the usability of a local currency with a high amount of buy-in, PLUS it would be accepted worldwide. 




 Hey everyone!
For a fun little project, I am trying to build a simple little prank circuit comprised of a power supply, a photoresistor, and a piezo buzzer. The idea will be to lay some white tape on the floor, and attach the circuit (in a small project box) to the underside of the chair. This way when the chair rolls over the white line, it makes a buzz.

Now, my question is - how sensitive is a photoresistor? Suppose this circuit is underneath a rolling chair - it will be shading the floor. Is there a better way to detect the white tape? 




 Basically what the subject says.

This year we stocked up on fresh cheap turkeys thanks to the holiday sales, and I spent the past hour breaking them down (nothing fancy, just removing the wings, removing and splitting the legs and thighs, deboning the thighs, and removing the boneless breasts, bagging the carcasses for stock). The legs will probably get turned into pulled turkey, the thighs are going to get stuffed and wrapped in bacon. The breasts will get brined and smoked in the smoker (I'm considering making turkey pastrami but I'm concerned about it getting dry). The wings got set aside - we're using them to make our thanksgiving stuffing.

That said - the real point of this post is - does anyone else find breaking down an animal really therapeutic? Almost zen-like? I'm entirely self taught, but it feels almost like if you "tune out" your hands just innately know where to go. Maybe tune-out is the wrong way to put it because I'm paying 100% attention, but, hopefully I'm getting my point across.

Obviously I'm not breaking down beef primals yet, but I'd love to give it a go one day.

So, does anyone else feel the same way?? 




 Pretty much the subject.

We get Merrick Grain Free duck for our greyhound, and he seems to enjoy it. Via amazon, we were getting it, with tax, for about $47 a bag. The same bag has gone up $9 over 1 month BEFORE tax. We thought it may have just been Amazon, but it seems like every store has seen an increase.

We started looking through other premium brands and saw that prices seem to be up across the board.

Is this a permanent thing? Is it a temporary shortage of some ingredients...? I love our dog, but his food budget is now larger than my wife and I's food budget. 




 Pretty much the situation described in the subject. My wife and I are both 30. We are starting to discuss the possibility of trying to have a baby in the next year. I am currently in my open-enrollment period at work, and have the option to sign up for an FSA. We have no major medical expenses, and only currently purchase vitamins and calcium supplements for my wife.

I'm considering signing up for the flexible spending account and putting 10$ out of each paycheck into it for things like prenatal vitamins, but my concern is that at the end of the year, if we aren't successful, that's essentially money we lose.

So, any insights would be very much appreciated. 




 The subject should sum this up. We're taking advantage of the seasonal prices for 2 fresh turkeys which I'm breaking down into boneless breasts, thighs, and legs to be frozen for future use. The back and rest of the carcass will be boiled down with some chicken carcasses we have frozen for poultry stock.

For the cuts goal will most likely be to thaw and smoke them in the BBQ.

So, is it best to brine before freezing, or brine after freezing the birds? 




 See the subject.
I see tons of the hollowbodies without tremolo for both right and lefty. However the Tim Armstrongs with tremolo only seem to be available for lefties. Is this true, or am I somehow missing the right-handed ones with tremolos? 




 Pretty much the subject. I'm not used to using mobile wallets. I am using one of the HD wallet addresses, and I'm noticing it changes ~once per week. What concerns me is that I'll send a large amount there right after it changes and I'll end up sending bitcoin into the aether.

So, is this how it's supposed to work? Is it a feature of an HD wallet? Is there something I'm missing? Do the old addresses keep working?

Totally newbie questions I'm sure, but I'd love to get an explanation. 




 Hey everyone! So, I'm in the market to purchase a new guitar over the next few months. I'd love to do it with bitcoin, even if it means buying a gift card.

I was looking at amazon as a possible route, but they don't set up guitars for you, and I don't want to spend cash to have it done when it arrives.

I saw that amazon sells Guitar Center gift cards, but they're physical cards in $25 or $50 denominations. I would be kinda ludicrous to go into the store with 20 gift cards, you know?

So are there any places like guitarcenter/musician's friend/dave phillips etc that accept bitcoin? 




 Hey everyone! I was just wondering if anyone had heard anything about the sprint black friday deals this year? I haven't heard anything at all, and usually they'd be published by now. 




 Hey everyone. I've been a sprint customer since 1999, and have basically just been moving from plan to plan inside sprint. My wife and I are now on the same plan for the past 2-3 years.

2 black fridays ago we picked up 2 galaxy S3's (I only buy new phones on black friday since they got rid of the technology upgrade credits and sprint premier benefits). They're starting to get older and clunkier.

Does anyone know if there are going to be black friday specials this year?? Usually they would have been posted by now. 




 Hey everyone. I have an idea for a store to sell products for bitcoin. I wanted to start putting it online, but I am not really familiar with e-commerce solutions.

Initially I will be accepting cryptos, but eventually I would like to start accepting fiat as well.

So, how does it work exactly? Do I just set up any old e-commerce solution? Do payment providers act like plugins?

Sorry if these are newbie questions, but I've never done this sort of design before and I'm a little nervous. 




 Hey everyone! I've been studying classical fingerstyle for the past 6 months, and have really been enjoying it (plus the guys at /r/classicalguitar are really awesome).

Eventually I want to branch into jazz a bit (I still have a lot of learning, but I want to set aside cash so I can get a really nice instrument when I'm ready for it). However, that's where it starts to get a bit fuzzy because I don't know a heck of a lot about steel string guitars.

What would be best to learn on? I mean, Django played on an acoustic. BB King plays on an electric. So, it seems like I've got a ton of options and could really go the acoustic route (which I'm already used to from my classical guitar) OR the electric route (I'd probably be leaning towards a nice semi-hollowbody). Or do I want an acoustic with a resonator? I just don't know!

So, for those who have more experience than me, what would you view as preferable for learning jazz?  









 Hey everyone. Yet another noobie question :)

So, my wife (a professional music teacher) and my classical guitar teacher both tell me that I should try to avoid practicing much more than 30 minutes at a time. This almost never happens - by the time I am done doing hand exercises and warm ups, 15 minutes has usually already passed and I usually end up spending another 45 minutes on material and I still don't feel like I'm mastering it between lessons.

But both the Parkening and Provost books mention practicing for 3 or more hours a day. This is almost impossible given my schedule, but I do feel like I accomplish way more when I can set aside 2+ hours at a time to just work through the material over and over and over at ever-increasing tempos. Is it better to split that large block into several smaller ones?

What is the better approach? A few minutes a day or hours a day? Which will help the material "stick" more? 




 Hey everyone. I am looking to buy a PSMO to break down into filets and a chateaubriand roast. As of last night we scored a great deal on a membership to Sam's club off living social (deal may still be going, it's 45$ for the membership, a 20$ gift card, and 4 vouchers for free items - a rotisserie chicken, 2 baguettes, some dip, and some cookies). I figured this was a golden opportunity to break down some loins.

I went to the butcher case and only saw "beef loins." They had a nice heavy layer of fat so i couldn't see whether or not the chain muscle was attached. So, does anyone know if this is a PSMO or not? They were priced around $70-$90 which would seem about the right price range. There wasn't anyone working the butcher area that I could bounce questions off of. I know BJ's used to actually call them PSMOs so I'm a bit lost here. 




 So, I haven't played Destiny for close to a month. I played through the single player, and ran through each of the strikes. I'm not part of a guild or clan or anything, and due to lack of ability to really communicate meaningfully in game, I couldn't find one in the game. I wasn't looking to have to have 2+ screens open at all time just to play a single game, so I kinda lost interest and stopped playing. So, I just wanted to check in on the status of the game.

First, is there more content, or a better story yet? Or is Rasputin still a seemingly major plot point that is instantly forgotten the instant you leave earth? Does the dude in the Tower now tell you about all of the things he says he COULD tell you about?

Second, is playing the same strikes over and over and over still being masqueraded as content, or have they actually added real beefy content?

Third, have they added any kind of matchmaking to raids to allow players who aren't in clans/guilds to actually have a chance at seeing the content?

Fourth, have they made drop rates any better on blue and better gear so I don't have to run the same strikes/crucible matches 100 times a week to progress in the game?

Fifth, is RNG still as big of a PITA?

Sixth and last - can I finally talk to people for matchmaking? Or do I still have to rely on outside sources like destinylfg for something that should have been included in-game in the first place (based on the feedback received in both alpha and beta)?

Maybe these seem a bit snarky, but they really killed my enjoyment of this game and I'd genuinely like to know if they've been addressed. 




 Another newbie question - right now I am using my wife's electric piano's built in metronome, but it bottoms out at 40bpm. My snark has a visual metronome, but again it bottoms out at 40bpm. In fact, most of the metronomes I've found seem to bottom out at 40bpm.

For some of the pieces I am having a lot of trouble with, 40bpm is simply still too fast.

So, does anyone have a metronome that goes slower that they'd mind sharing? 




 Hey everyone. I've been taking lessons for about 2-3 months now, and I feel like I've made real progress. We're following the Christopher Parkening method book, and it seems to be moving at a decent pace (though I will admit when you start getting to pieces like Melancholia I just can't seem to play fast enough for the piece to sound decent, and my hands still don't move around the fretboard and strings fast enough to play the fugue decently).

Anyway, I am still noticing that if I skip back to the first few exercises of the book, I occasionally hit the wrong string or play the wrong note. I feel like I should have those earlier pieces mastered.

Is it just beginner clumsiness? Or should I go back and try to completely master those pieces so they can be played perfectly every time? Is mastery really knowing the piece, or perfect flawless execution? What should I be aiming for as a student - especially on pieces that I've been playing awhile?
 




 Hey everyone. This is hopefully a simple question.

I paid off my car this year, but have continued to "pay my bill" into a savings account. At this point it's about 1500$. The goal is to eventually use thay as a down payment for a new car, or to pay off a new car completely for either my wife or myself.

The savings account earns .75%, not great, not horrible. I'm considering taking that money and putting it into a well diversified portfolio of funds instead.

Is this a good idea? I figure if one of our cars dies, my wife and I have an emergency fund and the ability (even if it sucks) to drive one another to work (i even have the option to telecommute). That contingency should cover us for the time it takes to sell however many shares necessary. My wife's car has about 70k miles on it, mine has about 101000 and we both plan to drive them until they cant be realistically maintained anymore.

Any feedback would be appreciated. 









 So, interesting question I hope. Does anyone know of any funds which collect companies directly related to the growing/sale of marijuana?

For instance, lots of folks have heard of Medbox and the massive boom they encountered. I can only imagine as more states move towards medicinal marijuana, decriminalization, and full legalization we will see many more business opportunities.

In that same vein - are there any "vice" funds? Funds comprised of companies that cater to mankind's baser urges - condoms, casinos, alcohol, tobacco, etc? 




 Basically what the title says.

We keep our mortgage money in its own separate account from everything else, and it gets funded from our checking account automatically ever pay period. Thanks to 3 pay months, the account that account has 2 mortgage payments worth of cash in it in addition to the amount that we're paying on the 1st of november (assuming something bad would happen, we would cancel the extra we are paying and just pay the minimums).

I want to keep 1 months payment on hand at all times just in case something weird ever happens with paychecks or whatever.

However, we're a few thousand away from paying off PMI (home cost 194k, we are at around 159k on principal now, pmi should go away at around 151k/78%). We are already paying about 860 towards principal (150 base plus 710 extra), but if we sacrifice that extra month's security we could get PMI to go away even faster - about 2-3 payments faster (a savings of 160-240 or so dollars).

So, what is everyone's thoughts? Sacrifice the security for 2-3 months less of PMI? Or just play it safe? 




 Hey everyone!
When I added my card to circle, it stated that I may get hit with a cash advance fee for using their service.

My cash advance rate on my credit card is astronomical, and I'd really like to avoid that. Is there any easy way to tell if I'll get hit with it or not? 




 Hey everyone, we are entering fall now in my zone (USDA 6), but I recently received some 5000 seeds for Spilanthes Oleracea (toothache plant) that I really want to begin growing. I know nothing about grow lights.

I'd like to avoid HPS/MV/MH due to fire risk and cost of equipment.

So, can I use CFLs/LEDs for growing these guys? Do I *need* HPS/MV/MH bulbs?

How do I go about figuring out the ratios of time for lights on/lights off? Sadly when I start googling about it, I find lots of information about growing pot, but not much about growing other plants. For a flower like this, I would assume I would start with 24/7 light over the seeds while they germinate, and then some other ratio once they are ready to flower??

Any help would be appreciated, I've never done any indoor growing like this. 




 Hey everyone. I am trying to find a service that offers a similar service to what sharebuilder used to offer. They used to provide a membership option where you'd pay N dollars a month and get up to X AUTOMATIC trades a month as part of the package. It gave you an excellent discount for folks who wanted automated dollar cost averaging.

However, the plan isnt offered on their website anymore, and I spoke with their support and it has been removed. The new price structure is significantly more expensive (a flat $3.95 per trade). 

So, is there any other brokerage that operates the way sharebuilder used to? 




 Hey everyone. I received a $25 iphone gift card a few days ago. I more or less never use the itunes store, so it doesn't do much for me. BTC however does. Is there any safe market for me to sell the itunes code? 




 This email was received this morning:
 Dear Clients
 
 Regrettably I have to announce the failure and closure of Bitcoin Trader.
 
 While preparing for the final audit results, a task we were working on for weeks now, our bitcoin wallet has been hacked and emptied, just after exchanging our fiat holdings within the exchanges to bitcoin and transferring our entire holdings to our wallet, in order to proof our solvency.
 
 It is a known fact that I personally opposed any proof of solvency, but agreed to conduct it for the sake of a few dozen small and medium investors.
 
 The hacker contacted me shortly after he took advantage of our holdings and demanded a ransom in order to transfer the coins back. I have agreed to a 25% ransom of the entire sum, but havent heard back from him for several days now.
 
 My aim was to create something based on trust, just as bitcoin itself is based on distributed trust. Unfortunately I must admit today, I have failed. All left to do now is to declare bankruptcy with the Panamanian authorities and to hand over all relevant files and information for further investigation.
 
 Sincerely,
 John Carley

This same John Carley whose staff has been claiming that he was "lost at sea" for close to a week now.

Let this be a lesson - trust no one. Anyone who says to "trust the earnings" has never been burnt, or is lying to you.  




 Hey everyone.
I am reading through the gift card rules for ebay, and it's kind of dismaying. I was hoping to start selling gift card codes (I'm a reseller with several vendors) via ebay, but it appears you need to have a physical card in hand, can't have more than 1 card selling at a time, etc.

However, does anyone know if I can sell a gift card VOUCHER? Essentially I would purchase the gift card voucher on my end, and when the customer purchases the gift card voucher, I would mail a print out of the voucher to them with tracking information.

Is this a violation of the rules? For the life of me I can't seem to get feedback from ebay about this. 




 Hey folks.
I am trying to start getting my tax info ready for 2014 for mining.

I had done a bit of mining using multipool, so I have a large number of transactions for small coins; stuff like TIPS, DGC, etc.

How can I figure out the value of those coins on the day they were mined? For many, there is no direct USD price history.

For instance, I looked at the chart at the bottom of this link:
http://myip.ms/view/market_coins/147/TIPS_LTC.html

An example - on feb 5th 2014, it says that at that time, 1 TIPS sold for an average of 0.00000051 LTC. Does that mean the value of LTC at the time? Or does it mean the value of LTC now?

At the time 1 LTC was 21.149991995 dollars USD:
http://www.cryptocoincharts.info/pair/ltc/usd/crypto-trade/1-year

So is the math:
21.149991995 * 0.00000051 * N where N is the number of TIPS?

Or do I need to use the current value of LTC in USD?

Any advice would be appreciated.

I'm trying to make my taxes honest this year as my mining operation starts getting larger and larger. 




 Hey everyone. I am looking to start purchasing larger quantities of gift cards with the intention of reselling. My big issue right now is sourcing. Given most of my selling avenues will take a bite out of my margin, I can't seem to find a good source that can absorb the cost of overhead and still leave meat on the bone for me.

Amazon offers an API to generate codes, but there is a minimum of $50,000 a year, which is going to be darn near impossible. This means I have to buy varieties of them in orders of $5k or more. Still too much for me to start with :(

When I google for it, I get a TON of seo-optimized zero information websites made to play the googlebot, so I'm unable to find real leads.

How does one get started in this industry? Do you have to start reaching out to the retailers directly? Do they offer APIs to purchase gift cards on the fly? 




 Hey everyone.
Last week, bitcoin-trader.biz issued a statement that the audit that their users had paid for was not going to be released because they felt it was "unsatisfactory." A number of users became very concerned about this, especially considering that the users themselves had paid for the audit to be conducted.

As of this afternoon when payouts were scheduled to begin, BT issued this statement on their facebook page:

Due to technical issues with the key server, which occurred during the processing of cashout requests not all pending bitcoin cashout requests could be processed. We have contacted our sys admin to look into the issue and will resume bitcoin cashout requests as soon as possible. About 200 or so bitcoin requests accumulated during the weekend had been processed, as well as all the other payment systems, Litecoin and Ripple.

BT supposedly deals in USD. A number of users waited until bitcoin bottomed out over the weekend before requesting their payout, locking in the amount of BTC. However, given the increase, some users now are owed BTC that is up to 25% more valuable. So, for instance, if someone requested a cash out of $260 over the weekend when it was valued at .92BTC, that amount of BTC was locked in. Payments aren't processed until monday - and that .92BTC is now valued at $330+ USD, but BT owes the locked in amount of BTC.

If several hundred users did this, it could spell major financial trouble for the site. 




 Wheeeeeee!

Who else is enjoying the firesale? Who else is picking up tons of cheap bitcoin?

I've got cash set aside and am buying a little every day for the next few weeks until things stablize to let dollar cost averaging do its work.

The way I see it, all those underground markets that we try to distance ourselves from? They still use bitcoin. Those companies that started up built entirely around bitcoin? They still use it. It has utility. Utility equates to demand.

There is a limited supply of bitcoin.

Limited supply + some amount of demand = a market price.

So, the market may crash, but bitcoin isn't going anywhere. I'm just hanging on and enjoying the chance to lower my cost basis. 




 Hey everyone! I work for a large, fortune 500 company. I am submitting the idea for us to add bitcoin as a payment option for our customers (no promises, we just have an internal "ideas" portal). However as part of it, I need to have some realistic information.

Right now, the best options for a payment portal would be coinbase, paypal and circle. Bitcoin *would* automatically be converted to fiat. Does anyone have any idea what the fees are for the automatic conversion to fiat? I know credit processing runs anywhere from 2-5% depending on the processor.

Also, does anyone know what percentage of purchases bitcoin payments make up for some of the big names out there (newegg, overstock)?

As a benefit, there's no way for a chargeback to occur, which is a great selling point too.

Any other selling points? I'd like to think that as a vendor, any way we can help a customer to give us their money is a good thing :) 














 Hey everyone. We picked this up for my wife, and she has a good 6-8 hours of playtime in it. The issue is, she was playing under my account. She wanted to transfer it back under her account so I could play as well.

If we attempt to copy the save from my account to hers, it gives an error saying that the save appears to be from another user.

Is there any way to fix this? 









 Hey everyone.
Christmas time is coming, and I'd like to get the wife the matching pearl bracelet to go with the necklace I got her last year. The one downside is, bluenile doesn't seem to accept bitcoin which sucks. I've always been a fan of them because A) their documentation rocks, B) their support rocks, C) they specialize in a lot of simple, elegant designs which my wife loves.

I see lots of gift certs available for zales and other companies, but nothing for bluenile. So, any ideas? 




 Hey everyone!
I'm just curious - what made you focus on classical guitar?

For me, I can point to two things in particular.... these guys:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PT9hvyDvKHA

And this piece:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPiatDf3Rxs

More flamenco/nuevo flamenco than classical obviously, but through a lucky combination of lack of knowledge and eagerness to get started I ended up going the classical route to get started. I just have never quite shifted over to flamenco (my hands are still kind of clumsy).

So how about you? What kicked it off for you? 




 Just tried the moon strike 4 times in a row. Each time, got to Phogoth. Each time, had at least 1 person quit after we wiped. Each time, ended up being the last person left. Seriously feeling completely unsuccessful because other people suck.

Seriously, if you join up for a strike, quitting the first time you die is just lame. Stick through it.
 









 This may be long. Sorry.

I am a successful 30yo male engineer. I've lived on my own since I was 16 - my parents and I get along ok so long as we aren't under the same roof. 

I'll come out and say it - I'm smarter than them. Or, at the very least I research my decisions before making them and back them up with said research. I was a straight A student. Racked up tons of community service, was active in a church youth group. I led several student groups. I won congressional good citizenship awards. I was never in trouble. I just asked questions and wanted good answers.

So, when I lived with them, I would point out things that didn't make sense. that maybe a gigantic steak with mashed potatoes, a big helping of cake, and soda wasn't always the best dietary decision for each person. I am the only person in the family without diabetes now. I would point out that if they have to take a 3rd mortgage out on their home, maybe giving 500 dollars to charity isn't the wisest choice. They are almost 70 and still about 80k in debt, whereas I have all of my loans paid off save for a mortgage and one private student loan (in total, less than 2 years salary for me). I'd point out that if their church is pressuring them to fork over mortgage money, maybe it's time for a new church. They'd take me wanting to make myself a healthy soup for dinner instead of having the same calorie-ladened food as them and I'd get screamed at for hours as "unappreciative." By the time I graduated high school I weighed nearly 350 pounds ("you don't get up from this table until you've cleaned that plate!").

I'm doing well, not because of them, but in spite of them. I know this sounds arrogant, and maybe it is. But so far everything we've had it out on when I was a teenager has worked out well.

Back then though, any time I'd point out logical flaws or fallacies, or try to improve things for myself, they took it as me being "ungrateful." So, to "teach me a lesson" they decided to send me to a family friend for some "tough love" for a summer. I never went back home. 

The first week was great. He had been someone I looked up to. He was a decorated retired soldier that I thought would understand that my parents are a bit off kilter and prone to making bad decisions and hyperbole. We talked about it a lot the first week. He actively asked me about the issues I was having at home.

Then one night while I am sleeping, I get slapped. It was him with a steel baseball bat, standing over me. He told me I was his for the summer, and he was going to teach me how good I had it "back home." So began a summer of physical, emotional, and mental abuse. He'd force me to work outside for hours with no sunscreen ("what are you, a little bitch? Man up, you dont need sunscreen.") which led to my shoulders blistering, cracking, bleeding. I still have those physical scars. That put me in the hospital for heat stroke. He beat me several times for whatever perceived slight he could conjure up. He said he had people spying on me, and claimed I destroyed his pool by pouring bleach into it because "one of his spies saw it." (I had had 2 people over that night and we were inside the whole time, so no, it was not me who touched his pool). I got a summer job and begged to stay there for extra hours, but when I got a paycheck he threatened to beat me if I didn't sign it over to him. He refused to feed me, and said I had to pay for my own food. I lost nearly 40 pounds that summer from stress and lack of food. The only things I ate were free food at my workplace (a pretzel place in a walmart that had an "employees can help themselves" policy - i literally lived on pretzel dogs and pretzels for the summer). I begged my parents to take me home but they were the ones who put me there. He busted my nose. My parents kept telling me "it's not that bad. You WANTED a vacation from home, right?"

But the worst was one night after a day of work, I came home and he forced me to sit down next to him on the couch. He turned on a porno. I have no idea if this was genuine or if it was just more mental abuse. He started talking about how when he was in the military he participated in an orgy and it was the most sexually thrilling moment of his life. He hands me some tissues and tells me to jerk off for him. I say no, that I'm uncomfortable. He keeps saying it's ok, if I jerk off he will too, I keep saying no, no, no. He keeps pressuring me. He starts throwing tissues at me and telling me to whip it out. I get up and run out of the house and sprint as fast as I can down the nearby highway. 

Police are called and pick me up, I tell them I want to go home. Police listen to my parents, and take me back to abuser's house "because they want to teach me a lesson and scare me straight." He proceeds to beat the shit out of me, threatens me with the bat that he'll bash my skull in if I ever try that again, etc.

Finally summer ends, and my parents take me back home. I contact my best friend and move out immediately. I leave everything behind. I just want out of my parents house. I sever all ties with the abuser. He severs ties with my family for the most part. I am on poor terms with my family, I see them maybe 1 day a year.

I never talked to them about everything that happened other than the fact that when I needed them, they weren't there for me and refused to help me or believe me. They keep saying it was for my own good.

Fast forward to a year ago. I get a message from the abuser in facebook. I ignore it. I get another, and I ignore it. I get a friend request. I deny it. I get another. I ignore it. Then I get a call from my mom asking me why I won't talk to the abuser.  It turns out that my parents, who are both very sick (mom in a wheelchair, dad in and out of the hospital) have been getting tons of help from the abuser for free. He put a roof on their house. He repaired their sidewalks, etc. They view him as a son. I like that they're getting free things out of the asshole. So long as I don't have to see or hear from him or hear ABOUT him, I'm content.

I tell her to stop trying to force it. I don't want to talk to him. I don't want to see him. My mom keeps trying to set up days for me to come over to the house when he just so happens to be there. I turn around, grab my wife, get in my car, and drive away.

Finally I told the abuser point blank that I have no desire to ever speak to him. To leave me alone. Stay the hell out of my life.

Yesterday my wife had to drop by my parent's house to grab a phone charger for my dad who was rushed to the hospital a few days ago. While there, my mom tells my wife that they my father had asked the abuser to "give me a rough summer to see how good I had it at home." my dad wants to talk to me about it. I don't want to talk about it.

I don't want to destroy the guys life. He had it rough (mom shot herself with a shotgun, dad was an abusive alcoholic and ultimately killed himself). He has kids. He does help my parents. I am content to have no contact with him. My parents just won't drop it. Maybe the jerkoff thing was some fucked up mind game. I'm not broken, I've done very well for myself. I'm paranoid of people and an introvert, but I've always been that way.

It's when he reaches out to me and pushes the issue, then I want blood. I also am concerned about my nephews who live with my parents. What if it wasn't a mind game? Maybe he'll try the same thing with my nephews? Would my parents even believe me if I said something? They have a very strong penchant for denial about bad things in their life.

And now here I am. Asking you all for your advice. I want this person out of my life. He so far has respected my wishes to leave me the hell alone, but he bitches to my parents and they pressure me to talk to him. I just want it to go away.

I just don't know what to do. The only people who know the whole story are my wife, a very close friend who was also the victim of abuse, and now all of you. 




 https://blockchain.info/tx/2947c4b2134aaf0fcd110638b724c0c17313772bacc89a0aad1b71dff332b9db

It's been showing in my coinbase account for hours now. 0 confirmations. I'm trying to understand what I'm seeing - it looks like scores of addresses each getting a small transaction with btcsmart listed as the source address? Is it basically bitcoin spam? 

Did they get my address somehow? 




 Hey everyone. My wife and I are planning to have a child in the next 18-24 months, but we were thinking we could jump start an educational account now by putting 50-100$ of every paycheck in ahead of time to maximize growth. It's not much, but that 2400-4800$ will grow over 18 years or so.

The account that seems to come up the most often is a 529. When we would create the 529, do we have to name the beneficiary? Since this is a kid that doesn't yet exist, that would be hard for us to do.

Are there any other types of account that would give beneficial tax treatment for this kind of savings?

Also, what are the caveats if said child would ultimately choose not to seek secondary education? Say, if they decided to go entrepreneurial, or if they went to a tech school?

Any advice would be very much appreciated. Thank you!!

Edit: Found some old threads. I've already maxed out the 401k up to the point where my employer stops matching, and I'm contributing an additional 1% to a roth 401k. My wife is a teacher and should get some kind of pension, in addition she contributes to a 403b. She just got her masters, and will be significantly upping her contribution. 




 Hey everyone. Apologies if this has been asked before, a quick search didn't show me anything.

I've been looking at zenportal all day today, and I keep seeing a pink "progress bar" saying that payouts are in progress. They've been in progress since about 9am EST. Is this normal...? From what I was reading payouts are usually handled by 10am CST? I picked up my first hashlets yesterday and today. 




 Hey everyone. I'm struggling to find reasons to keep playing destiny. As it stands for me, it's lonely and kind of dull. I picked it up for the coop.

I just got my first PS3 about 2 weeks ago. It's the first console I've owned since I had a sega genesis decades ago. Most of my friends have moved on to a newer gen, so playing with them isn't an option. I'm also not a young guy with a ton of friends who are gamers, so my friend list is empty.

I hear folks saying they get tons of invites - after about 20 hours of gameplay, I've gotten a total of 1 and have never interacted with the person. It's also kind of clunky to see someone in a pvp match, hit R3 to select them, then open a menu, send an invite, only to find out that in that time I've been killed and the selection isn't there anymore. So, after awhile I just stopped bothering.

So, I see folks suggesting clans. Well, how does that work exactly? Do I join the clan, and then manually add every single person to the clan to my friend list? Do I have to keep maintaining that? Is there any way to automatically sync it with the game? Do I need to have a PC with teamspeak/rogerwilco nearby?

Seeing folks in game and not being able to really interact with them is just killing this game for me. I'm feeling like I wasted 90$ to socialize with people and am being limited to jumping and dancing, which is really disappointing to me. 




 I havent really been silent about how much I dislike the refusal to allow much, if any, interactivity between players. I know golks try to justify it by saying that everyone ELSE is an annoying 12 year old, or whatever.

I think what really bothers me is the fact that their ads show people talking to one another. They dont show the players dancing or jumping to communicate - theyre talking. Social interaction was advertised. But it isn't there unless you start adding a bunch of random people to your friend list. 




 Hey everyone.
I personally have a sizable stake in a closed end fund. It has incredible results, and has for over a decade. I understand their strategy, their financials are good. By all normal investing standards, they would be a great place to invest.

Yet every time I see them mentioned, there are huge cautions that they are a closed end fund and you should understand closed end funds before getting involved. I DO understand closed end funds, and honestly, I don't quite get the concern about them vs a traditional mutual fund. 

I get that there are a set number of shares in existence and that will not change, and their price is determined by the market value of the fund shares themselves, as opposed to the value of the component stocks behind the fund. But why the constant warnings for additional caution and scrutiny everywhere? It seems like a pretty easy thing to understand, and I can't quite put my finger on the reason for all of the warnings. It doesn't seem any more dangerous than any other investment vehicle.

Any thoughts? 




 Hey everyone. I snagged the list of compromised "gmail accounts" from this site after seeing some of the news stories:
https://forum.btcsec.com/index.php?/topic/9426-gmail-meniai-parol/page-3

Happily, none of my accounts are listed.
Sadly though, my wife's account is.

Is there any way I can find out what password it was that was listed with it? We probably only need 2 or 3 characters to figure it out from there. Luckily she usually uses complicated passwords, and different ones at every site. It may provide a clue as to what site the compromise came from.

I know there had been an online checking tool that would list the first 2-3 characters, but it has since been stripped out of most of the articles I have found.

Any help would really be apppreciated. 




 This is something that has been bothering me since last night. Given the lack of communication abilities, would you notice if 99% of the other players in the game were bots? How do you know they aren't bots?

I'm just thinking of Guild Wars 2, where in the early levels, you'd see the exact same bots "playing" at the same time as you. The same names, the same race as you, often even the same class. The first few playthroughs it gave the illusion of having lots of people playing, however eventually you started to notice the exact same player every single time and the illusion got shattered. They were playing beside you, but it was obvious that it was a trick. 




 Since bungie seems dead set on not letting players communicate, I propose reviving morse code. In game, you can use your gun and simply shoot. 

For example, need help? SOS!
3 shots in rapid succession, 3 shots with long pauses between them, and then finally 3 shots in rapid succession.

OR we could do a single jump for a dot, and a double jump for a dash.

OR we could spam eachother with fireteam invites in rapid succession, but that would require the other player to decline the invites.



OR... well... bungie could just let players talk to each other. But that's just crazy talk. 




 About 2 hours ago I got to sit down and finally play Destiny for a bit. I've had it since this morning, but with work, dinner, helping the wife etc I haven't had a chance to play. These are the scattered thoughts I have about the experience. I'm not a fanboy. I didn't play beta, alpha. I'm also not negative about the game. I do think there are a lot of places this could be brushed up, and Bungie should really know better.

So, let's start with the install. This went super easy. I'm using RCN 50mbps down service, so there's very little that doesn't scream when it comes to downloading. This was no exception. The full download and install took about an hour (the install taking the lion's share of that on my PS3).

Next, I registered my Sparrow code (I preordered the DGE via Gamestop for the uncommon Sparrow). Again, no issues at all. This part, for me, went painlessly. I've seen tons of issues on reddit though, so it looks like a bunch of folks got unlucky, which sucks.

I logged into the bungie site and registered the full list of codes, nothing gave me any problems.

So, game launch! Almost immediately I encountered an error. I've posted about it on here, and over on the bungie forums with no real suggestions. When the brightness setting comes up, it says to make it so the logo to the left is barely visible. The problem is, the logo is never visible. Like, it simply isn't there. When you go into options and bring it up, you see the logo briefly, but then the entire background goes black (Here's a snapshot: http://imgur.com/QZw9WAa) No idea how to fix it. Some folks have suggested my TV, but it's a very high end 51" Samsung plasma that supports every video option from the PS3. Some folks have suggested to change the color settings - no, this has been professionally calibrated. I'm not changing it for one game. No other game has issues. My post on the bungie support site has been ignored. -1 for a bad first impression, even if it doesn't seem to impact gameplay. I went so far as to eventually try a full uninstall and reinstall because my new 95$ toy seems to have been partly broken on arrival. Bungie seems to have no real support on their website either - just a forum where if you ask a difficult question, you basically never get a response. In fact, the vast majority of questions on their help forum have gone unanswered. That's troubling. I get it, it's opening day, they're focused on triage. But seriously, not even a "open a support request" page?

So, that aside, I went ahead and created a character, specifically a human male titan. One of the things I kept hearing about this was how in depth the character creation was. I was actually kind of disappointed here - it was nowhere near as limitless as it was hyped to be. Choose your race, your gender, your skin color, your lip color, your eye color, your hairstyle and color, and if you want any facial markings or scars. But if you're human, you can't get cool markings. If you're one of the awoken, you don't get to have scars. It seems artificially limiting - especially when folks have been talking up how deep it went. I was expecting Skyrim type customization where you can control everything down to facial geometry. Still, i was able to put together a fairly dude-ly toon and I kicked it off.

The opening video has some interesting stylistic choices. There's lots of screen jumping and color palette flickering that goes on, to the point where I actually thought it was a bug or problem with the video file (you can see what I mean here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PN9nWByWQD4). Or, I thought it was going to suddenly pull back and turn out to be a monitor someone else was watching. Having watched it 2-3 times now, I get that there are little text blurbs saying "video feed," so it's supposed to look grainy and jumpy. But the first time through, it still felt like the style didn't jive with what they wanted. Still, it got the point across. There's a big snowball floating over mars that makes it rain.

The opening cutscene was flipping gorgeous even on the PS3. I can only imagine on current gen systems. The HDR effects are wicked. Suddenly I'm whisked into existence, and the game starts. I get told to run by a little floating snowball-eye-beholder-dude because some robot lizard men are apparently after me. Except, they're not. I just stand there and they never come. The snowball-eye-beholder-dude starts yelling at me that i'll die, so I stand there to spite him and prove him wrong. I don't die. I get that it's supposed to get me inside, but wouldn't it have been better to have something actually chasing me? Something to make me have a reason to use the sprint button it's telling me about?

So, I played through the first level, the tower, and then the second level from that point on. It played like a normal console FPS. Except I see people around me. But I can't really do anything with them. I can kind of jump towards them a bit? I can't say hey. I can't say "hey dudebro, let's go kick this big mechasaurus dude's ass." I can't say "I need some help, got a sec." I can't say "hey fuckface, I was killing that mechasaurus, beat it." Other people are just NPCs, except you can't interact with them like you can the NPCs (which isn't asking a lot - I'll get to that later).

Everything is super pretty. So much so, that I kind of wish they'd fleshed out other portions of the game a bit more instead of being so graphics focused. I came from the Zork generation, so anything more than text on a screen is decent by my standards.

The voice acting seems kind of meh at this point. For all of the production value, I would have expected something better than what I'm hearing so far. Maybe I'm still dealing with generic low level characters, but still, nothing. What bothers me more is that there's no real dialog with the NPCs. They have one tagline they mention when you approach them, and then when you leave. What should be dialog is instead just a series of menus with a quip at either end. There's no discussing the impending doom of everyone, there's no talking about how good it is to be alive. Hell, I can't even ask the little floating snowball-eye-beholder-dude why the hell he raised me from the dead. It seems like they created a world ripe for interactivity, in which there is basically no interactivity at all. Hell, so far as I've found, I can't even sell crap I don't need to vendors. I guess that would be just too darn interactive! Instead I have to dismantle items instead, so yet again, a chance to interact with SOMETHING is dropped.

At the end of the second mission, some dude in a mask comes out and tells me about the doom facing us all, and I was excited - finally a chance to ask questions! But nope, dropped back in the tower.

So, I switch my gear around, only to find that literally every single piece looks the same. To the point where I honestly can't tell whether or not I've switched anything.

At this point, I have to be honest, my feelings are mixed. It feels like a shooting gallery. You go out shooting, you go back to the tower/lobby. Maybe some other people visit the shooting gallery at the same time as you, maybe they don't. You don't have any control over it, and you can't say hi even if you want. You can try to talk to the vendors and people around the shooting gallery, but they're just shills who say "go shoot more in the shooting gallery!"

I'll play through to the end, but thus far I wish I could say I'm more impressed. But I can't. There are so many good things here, but there are so many missed opportunities it hurts. It also feels like the game has no idea what it wants to be.

So, does this ever get more interactive? Does the voice acting improve? I'm guessing the story improves, but am I basically just going to be shown a movie/cutscene, shoot, watch a movie/cutscene, shoot, ad nauseum? Let me know.
 




 When you go to help.bungie.net it gives you the option to search for your issue, or it points you to the support forum. I've had a post on there for several hours now with not a single response. I'd like to at least get some kind of acknowledgement that someone has seen my issue.

Is there any way to actually get real support? 




 Hey everyone. Woke up and installed this AM. I briefly hopped on just to take a look (working today so I won't get to really play until tonight). One of the first screens the game shows you is the brightness setting.

The text goes something like this: "adjust the brightness until you can just barely see the symbol on the left."

The problem is, there's no symbol on the left. The only thing that changes with the brightness is the background behind the dialog area. I've tried every brightness setting - no symbol. So, I went by the background.

Is this a typo or is something weird?



I also noticed that during the opening FMV with the astronauts, there were a bunch of weird color shifts that would occasionally pop up. Once I got into the game everything seemed just fine though.

Not sure if my install is just bonkers or what. 




 Hey everyone. I work for a large telecom company doing research and development work. It's a rock solid job, and for the most part I like the work. But, I just got headhunted by a recruiter for a startup.

This would be a significant wage increase, plus it would shorten my commute from 5 hours a day 3+ times a week to about a half hour daily. No idea about benefits yet. As it stands, I'll be talking to the recruiter tomorrow to find out more, completely noncommittal. I've done some snooping around and I *think* I know who their client is, and if my suspicions are correct, it could turn out to be a pretty cool opportunity.

However, I know my current employer tends to make counteroffers when one of their R D guys splits ways. So, how does that usually happen? Do I go through the interview process at the new place and then tell my manager "oh yeah, btw I'm leaving, make me a counteroffer now if you want?" with a resignation letter?

Do you tell the manager that a recruiter contacted you ahead of time, but act noncommittal?

I'm just trying to figure this out because I've never left such a good job before at such a stable company.

 









 Hey everyone. 

I've been looking at the possibility of picking up an adapter to attach a keyboard/mouse to my ps3 because there are a FEW FPS's I'd like to play. I've always been a PC gamer, and one of the biggest problems is that FPS's feel so clunky to me on a controller. I feel like I can't aim. The analog acceleration throws things off. As someone who has literally played FPS's for more than 20 years, it's hard to feel comfortable.

I was looking at the eagle eye adapter, but what I'm reading basically says that it just translates mouse movement into analog stick movement, so it doesn't really get me closer to my goal of having a natural feeling mouse.

Now, most of the reviews I'm finding are from 4+ years ago. So, has this ever changed? Is there a mouse/keyboard driver available for PS3? Maybe they've added the bluetooth keyboard/mouse profiles to the OS's bluetooth stack?

I don't have high hopes, but I'd love to find out. 




 Hey everyone.
I am kind of torn - I've decided to pre-order, but I'm not sure about what edition to get. I'm leaning towards getting the digital guardian edition code from gamestop so not only do I get all of the guardian edition bonuses, but I also get the sparrow upgrade.

However, what has me torn is the fact that I'm not sure how much I like the idea of a download vs a physical disk. With a physical disk, if I end up not liking it I can always take it back to the store, right? With the digital edition, I'm more or less stuck with it. No refunds, no store credit.

I'll be getting this for a PS3, so if I DO end up liking it, if I've bought the physical copy I can take it to the store, get trade in credit, and use that to buy the PS4 version, right?

Or is this going to be like MMOs, where even a physical copy only matters for the first buyer - you can't resell them because they're bound to a license key that is non-transferrable?

Anyone have any ideas?

Do you think the extra bonuses from the digital guardian edition (the ship, the new version of ghost, and the upgraded sparrow) are worth the lack of flexibility? Just interested to get some feedback from people. 














 So, I just got a PS3 this morning (well, actually yesterday, but it took 4 preowned PS3's from gamestop before I got one that worked properly). I picked up a 50$ PSN gift card too, with the intention of taking advantage of the Sly Cooper and God of War collection flash sales this weekend.

Well, thanks to douchey mcdouchebag, I can't get into my PSN account to buy them. 

When stuff like this happens, do the flash sales get extended to make up for the lost time? Or am I more or less boned? 









 Hey everyone!
The title pretty much says it all. I am trying to find somewhere to buy PSN/PS gold gift cards with bitcoin. Every place I find with google has a big SOLD OUT sign over all of their offerings. Any ideas would be super helpful, thanks! 




 Hey everyone, I need help. 2 years ago I picked up a pair of galaxy s3's for my wife and I. She had had an old nokia POS that she never bothered to answer because she always had it on silent. It was an endless source of frustration.

As part of getting the new phones (doubling our monthly plan's cost), I made her promise to keep the sound on on her phone. In my view, we usually call each other when we need something ASAP, so the phone is like an emergency device. Her reason is she doesnt like to have a ringer in public places or at work, and she cant hear or feel vibrate, so it can take hours of calling over and over to get through for her. Not very good when it's an emergency, right?

This morning it took close to 2 hours to get in touch with her, during an emergency where I was stranded on the side of the road. It ended up leading to a loss of money, and a huge argument. I want this resolved.
So, is there any way, or any app that will automatically raise the volume/enable the ringer for a particular set of callers? That way she can keep her phone silent as she likes, but she can still have a ringer go off when I or her family call her.

I've heard folks say locale can do it, but they have no demo and I haven't gotten a response from emailing them. The app is 10$, so it's a steep jump to have it not turn out to do what we need.

Another suggestion I got was WhoIsIt, but that only seems to let me assign different ringtones to people. It doesn't enable sound when the phone is set to silent/vibrate.

Any advice would be really appreciated. 









 Luckily I am working from home today, and my wife has off from work. She went out to the garden and found the most adorable little girl poking around.

We've brought her inside, given her something to eat, and are now going through the motions of trying to get her checked for a microchip and calling the police. Does anyone know of a decent sub to post info on found dogs? The only one I could find was /r/lostdog which has a total of 1 post on it, so that didn't seem too helpful.

Does anyone have any idea of the breed? I'm not too good with small dogs. Here are two photos:

She weighs about 10 lbs.

Face:
http://i.imgur.com/8fkeqmJ.jpg

Body:
http://i.imgur.com/W3r2KfC.jpg


UPDATE:
Super timely - the wife just got back from the vet, she was microchipped, and we've gotten in touch with the owners. Thank you guys!! 




 http://www.cnn.com/2014/08/20/us/ferguson-column-police-reaction/index.html

I'd really appreciate some feedback here. How many of you agree with this opinion?

"Don't challenge an officer" - so, how can I ask if I'm being detained? Isn't THAT challenging an officer? What about asking to see a badge number? Isn't THAT challenging an officer? So, what rights do we really have? Saying I don't consent to any searches, isn't THAT challenging an officer? So, using ANY of our constitutional rights requires us risking being attacked?

The officer states that if the officer you are dealing with is violating your civil rights, we're supposed to file a complaint later on. But let's see what happens when people try to do that:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8v7lF5ttlQ

Are police officers aware of how this looks to the public? Do what we say, or we will hurt/kill you, and if you try to complain, we'll hurt/kill you then? I'm just incredulous by this attitude. 




 I am trying to gauge interest. Do you like coffee? Would you buy doge coffee? How much would you buy a month of coffee beans (1 12oz bag? 2 12oz bags? 4? 8? 12? 100??)

I am working to start a small artisinal coffee roasting business. Beans will all be of the highest quality, single origin, and roasted to order. We will grind them if requested.

I've got some administrative things that need to be handled, some equipment to buy, and we also have to find a certified kitchen that doesn't charge ridiculous amounts of cash and doesn't mind getting flooded with smoke, so this won't happen immediately. But I'd love to help support the community! 




 Hey everyone. First, this post is largely copied from the same post over in /r/smallbusiness. I hope that's ok - I couldn't find anything in the rules that discouraged duplicates and because there's no links allowed, I couldn't crosspost. Mods, if that's a problem let me know and I'll delete this (or at least retype it, haha). I have added some additional details.

I am looking into starting a small artisinal coffee roasting business, operating largely online and locally. I'll be starting small because of the larger startup costs of industrial roasting equipment. I also don't have access to a certified kitchen - we can't get our personal kitchen certified because we have a dog and cat, and I'm hesitant to rent space because I doubt I can make it profitable with the additional overhead, plus, there's another reason below.

From a business perspective I believe I am in a good position to pursue this. I am on the board of directors for a local food cooperative, and as such am networked with several hundred local "foodies" who would love the chance to support a local coffee roasting business. I'm also networked indirectly with several thousand more throughout our state. I've been doing the simplest market research possible - just asking people in the community if they'd purchase coffee, and about how much coffee a month they'd purchase. Results have been positive across the board, which is encouraging.

I can find plenty of information about certified kitchens and regulations on food prep. However, I can't seem to find any information about what applies when you are preparing food outdoors. Roasting creates a lot of smoke, so currently when I roast it is done outside. This is another reason I'd be worried about renting space. If I am just going to roast outside (until I am doing enough volume to warrant an actual work space, industrial equipment, and proper ventilation), why would I want to rent a commercial kitchen?

I know at fairs you see people making and selling food with grills and friers, but nothing is 'up to par' with what you'd see in a certified kitchen. I also see the occasional "pop up" bbq place selling ribs and brisket outside gas stations. So, does outdoor food prep have regulations? Are they different? Are they relaxed? I know in several states the handling and roasting of coffee beans is exempt from requiring a ServSafe food manager.

Not sure if this is the right sub, but if someone could point me in the right direction I'd appreciate any advice. I've written to the state dept of agriculture but haven't gotten any response.

This is in Northampton County, Pennsylvania, USA. 




 Hey everyone.
I am looking into starting a small artisinal coffee roasting business. I'll be starting small because of the larger startup costs of industrial roasting equipment. I also don't have access to a certified kitchen - we can't get our kitchen certified because we have a dog and cat. And I'm hesitant to rent space because I doubt I can make it profitable, plus, there's another reason below.

I can find plenty of information about certified kitchens and regulations on food prep. However, I can't seem to find any information about what applies when you are preparing food outdoors. Roasting creates a lot of smoke, so currently when I roast it is done outside. This is another reason I'd be worried about renting space. If I am just going to roast outside (until I am doing enough volume to warrant an actual work space), why would I want to rent a commercial kitchen?

I know at fairs you see people making and selling food with grills and friers, but nothing is 'up to par' with what you'd see in a certified kitchen. I also see the occasional "pop up" bbq place selling ribs and brisket outside gas stations. So, does outdoor food prep have regulations? Are they different? Are they relaxed? I know in several states the handling and roasting of coffee beans is exempt from requiring a ServSafe food manager.

Not sure if this is the right sub, but if someone could point me in the right direction I'd appreciate any advice. I've written to the state dept of agriculture but haven't gotten any response.

This is in Northampton County, Pennsylvania, USA. 









 Seriously - in the past 3 years, I have lost entire crops to vine borers twice. We have an organic garden, and only use neem. We have been wrapping stems of our squash with nylons, and spraying 1-2x a week with neem (more if it rains). This week we lost our yellow squash, our cucumbers, and our zucchini. Somehow the little bastards still get in.

So, since we are at mid august, I am considering planting my pumpkins. We've pulled up all of the dead squash, cucumbers, zucchini, and I plan to plant in the same places. I'll be giving the soil a good soaking with neem, turn it a bit with a cultivator and a hoe. I'm HOPING we are past the time when vine borers hatch since they usually do that near the end of july/early august. The infested plants have been burnt to keep the eggs out of my compost and to make sure the larvae never make it to adulthood.

Is it too foolhardy to plant pumpkins in the same spot? Should I just give up on pumpkins for the year?

I can deal with losing the squash and cucumbers because they produce so well early on in the season. But for some reason I get emotionally devastated when I lose pumpkin crops. It breaks my heart to see hundreds of beautiful pumpkins get reduced to rotting piles of mush over the course of 2-3 days.

I've found a lack of really decent options for dealing with vine borers outside of nematodes, but companion planting radishes can screw them (nematodes) up so I feel like my hands are a little tied.

Any ideas would be greatly appreciated. 














 ...because there are literally 2-3 wedding "congratulations" cards that are appropriate in any card store we visit. And they all suck.

My wife and I have 2 dear friends who, despite being together for 20 years, have been unable to be married in Pennsylvania. Well, thanks to our courageous attorney general, we finally have marriage equality! Which is awesome, and, our dear friends, as of yesterday, have tied the knot!

So, this brings me to the problem. We stopped in hallmark first, only to discover that half of the cards in the entire wedding section referred to "his and hers" "she and him" "husband and wife" "man and wife" "mr and mrs" or something else based on traditional marriage. Then, the rest of the cards usually had pictures of wedding cakes, with a topper of a man and a woman, or silhouettes of a man and woman, etc. The few that didn't fall in that group were either "to the grooms" or "mr and mr", but they all were meant for brand new couples. The interior messages saying things like, "Congratulations on your new journey!" which would be great, except they've been living together for well over 20 years.

So, on to papyrus.

SAME DAMN THING. Seriously, check out their website:
http://www.papyrusonline.com/greeting-cards/wedding-cards/same-sex-wedding-cards.html

Those are just the explicitly "same sex" cards, but the rest of their wedding cards nearly all have some other sort of problem with them.

We finally found a card wishing them congratulations on their marriage, and telling them to have a fantastic life together. It's simple, sweet, and gets the point across. 

But seriously? That was frustrating! What's worse is that they're pretty popular guys, and I am pretty damn sure that someone else out of their scores of friends is going to get them the same damn card! I mean, they really have like 8 total to choose from.

On the upside, the store clerk in Papyrus came out to us when we told him what we were looking for, and we ended up talking and laughing for about a half hour about the absurdity of the lack of cards for same-sex marriage.

So, someone needs to start a business, pronto. I'm delivering the business idea to you here. Go for it! Make some millions! 




 Hey everyone!
I am currently a product development/R D engineer for a fortune 500 company. I am not formally trained in engineering - I began my college career with a dual major in computer science and psychology, and at all times had to maintain at least 1-2 jobs (at least 1 tech job at all times) because of financial responsibilities. As the comp sci class demands got larger (80+ hours in the lab a week), I couldn't find a way to get the two schedules to work, so I eventually switched to a pure psychology degree because I could maintain my jobs and pay my bills while still maintaining good grades.

My penchant for working in the tech sector the whole time I went to school gave me years of experience, which put me over my peers when it came to job hunt. I found a full time job while I was in my senior year, and after spending 6 years there gathering technical certs, I left, joined the fortune 500 telecom, and here I am 5 years later.

The problem is, I'm starting to hit a point where the lack of formal engineering training is handicapping me. Some of the higher job tiers have education requirements I can't meet, so I can't progress. There are times when some of the decomposition and project management skills I never developed are hamstringing me. I feel like an engineering focused degree would be helpful. 

But then, I have bouts of time where I feel like I can't stand technical work, like I'm burnt out - I've always stuck with it because it comes naturally to me and it pays well - not so much because I want it to be my career. I have looked into starting a small food business, but that would still be years away because I would need to be financially stable and have my student loans paid off first.

So, I am now looking at the possibility of pursuing a master's degree. I'm looking to shift towards management, because I think it complements my psychology degree, and my technical acumen will work well in an engineering environment. But the choice is between an MBA, and a masters of engineering management.

The MBA is the more generalist approach. It works well if I eventually decide to shift out of the technical arena.

The MEM contains a lot of the same information from the MBA, but everything is tinged with a focus on engineering.

So, does anyone have either of these degrees? What information can you provide that may help me decide one vs the other? 




 Hey everyone. I have been unable to find a decent tab for this anywhere. I can find tabs for part 1, tabs for part 2, and tabs for the solo. But no one seems to have the full 3:25 8-track version of the piece which combines all plus the solo. Any advice would really be awesome. Thanks! 




 Hello everyone!
Last year, my wife and I went on our honeymoon to Brugges Belgium, and while we were there we visited their lace museum, and the lace society. We also picked up 2 pieces, both of which were well over 200 years old.

We would like to display them in frames, but I'm unsure of how to mount them. The woman we spoke with said that lace needs to breathe, and sealing it in will destroy it. Given they have lave well over 600 years there, I am prone to believe her.

So, does anyone have any ideas how how to best do this? I was thinking of taking 2 appropriately sized frames, wrapping the backing in black velvet (so it holds the lace in place without lots of needles) and then enclosing it into the frame.

Will this work? Is there anything on black velvet that could damage the lace over time? Will this make it too hard for the lace to "breathe"? 




 In 2013, the SCOTUS affirmed that police who are currently on duty have no legal right to ask a citizen (whether press or civilian) to stop recording or filming them. In fact, it is a clear violation of their first amendment rights.

Here is the actual ruling that was affirmed by the SCOTUS:
http://www.justice.gov/crt/about/spl/documents/garcia_SOI_3-14-13.pdf

So, why do we still see constant reports of people having cameras taken, film taken, people being threatened with arrest for filming, people being told they cannot film, etc? It's blatantly wrong and also illegal. 

I ask for 2 reasons - first, the events in Ferguson. But on a more personal note, last week I was threatened with arrest if I didn't stop filming police who were breaking up a large altercation at a music festival on a public street in my home town. Thankfully when I mentioned the case law and started asking for names, badge numbers, and they realized that I know both of their shift supervisors, they backed down. But why was this even a question? Why do so many officers blatantly ignore the law?

I'm not expecting every officer to be a scholar on constitutional law, but it seems that given the prevalence of recording devices today, this should be common knowledge. 




 Hey everyone!
I am still very new to guitar, so I hope you don't mind me asking this.

I picked up my guitar last week, and am patiently waiting for my teacher's schedule to be set (the best classical guitar teachers in our area also teach in music charter schools and colleges, so at the end of summer they pause scheduling new students until they have their schedules set for the schools and colleges).

In the meantime, I figured I would start attempting to learn some basics, but not go so deep as to get bad habits. I expect to start lessons sometime in september. So, in the meantime I've been practicing free strokes and rest strokes, alternating fingers, and learning the fretboard - all basic stuff that seems fairly hard to screw up. Oh, and I've been growing out my nails.

I am following along with this basic course:

http://www.classicalguitarcorner.com/level-1/

The lessons are brief, but they give me enough information that I can find reinforcing material around youtube to get a solid idea of what I'm supposed to be doing. The first time I've been genuinely confused was this morning when looking at the lesson about the Cmajor scale in first position.

From what I can gather, first position means you are keeping your fret-board hand at the first fret. But then the lesson stipulates playing the Cmajor scale starting with the 5th fret on the third string. However, it looks like there are a bunch of other places where I could start playing it - 5th string 3rd fret, 2nd string first fret, etc.

So, are these ALL the Cmajor scale in first position? Is one more correct than the other? Why are they called "first position" if the root note isn't on the first fret? Is it just a rough descriptor more than anything?  









 Hey everyone! Let me begin by saying I'm not a luthier, and am not even that great of a woodworker. But I think this could be a great way to learn a bit about both.

My wife (a professional music teacher) ended up ruining her christmas surprise last night by buying a manhasset music stand (the same one I was planning on buying her), so I'm now scrambling for new christmas ideas. So, I figured, why not try something a little different?

So, I started looking at the stewmac uke kits.
This is the kit I'm looking at:
http://www.stewmac.com/Materials_and_Supplies/Kits/Ukulele/Soprano_Ukulele_Kit.html

To tweak it a little, I'm going to be getting the grover tuning knobs instead of the normal friction knobs that come with the kit. Also, I'd like to remove the strips around the soundhole, and use some paua abalone purfling. They sell this:
http://www.stewmac.com/Materials_and_Supplies/Inlay_and_Pearl/Purfling/Paua_Abalone_Purfling.html

So, I guess what my question is - can anyone offer advice on skipping the strips that are provided, and instead using the purfling? Will the purfling I linked above work? How can I cut it so that it makes a nice smooth circle around the soundhole? Even some books would be welcome at this point. Since it's a christmas present, I want it to be a little more special than just the off-the-shelf kit. 




 Hey everyone. The wife and I are looking to trade in a good bit of gear for a new PS3 (Last of Us bundle).

Sadly, we missed the gamestop 50% extra promo by just a few days.

I know that in grocery stores promos and sales tend to be on a 6 week rotation. Is the same thing true with gamestop? 









 Hey everyone!
Right now we are looking to trade in our xbox 360 and wii, all of our hardware and games for what will most likely be a PS4. I want to be able to play Last of Us and if it ever happens, all of the older Final Fantasy games from PS1/2. My wife wants to play Kingdom Hearts.

But beyond that, well, I'll be blunt, my wife is a PITA to find games for. She likes RPGs and only RPGs. They have to be active combat without any kind of menu system (so final fantasy games are all out). She tried FFVII and determined that from that point, she didn't enjoy games with passive combat and menu systems. She is obsessed with the Kingdom Hearts games. She tried Fable 3 and while she didn't mind the gameplay, she couldn't get into the story (TBH, I can't fault her, the story doesn't get really decent until it is nearly over).

She gets freaked out by the idea of things jumping out at her, to the point where she wouldn't even play Portal because she had already convinced herself that something was going to "jump out and try to get her." Anything FPS for the most part is out.

She won't try fighting games, and she has no interest in sports/racing.

But yet every night she sits there looking at steam trying to find something to play. She's just too damn fickle to try anything because she's convinced herself she doesn't enjoy it.

I just don't know what to do. Every time I suggest something it seems like there's some reason it doesn't suit her. So, any suggestions for people who like Kingdom Hearts-esque RPGs? 




 Hey everyone.
My wife and I have an Xbox 360 and Wii along with about 20 games we are looking to trade in at Gamestop for a new PS4.

One of the things that I find attractive is the downloadable games that are available. I can't however seem to find a decent listing of all of the titles that are available on PS4. For instance, when I go to the PS website and search for final fantasy, FF:IX shows up with "buy download!" but it doesn't indicate what systems the download will work on. Does it work on everything? Just the PS3? Just the PS4? How do I know?

Their FAQ doesn't contain this info, so it's a bit confusing. Any help or pointers would be helpful, I haven't had a PS since way back when Playstation 2 was the big thing.

The reddit faq here http://www.reddit.com/r/PS4/wiki/faq just says that the downloads have to be coded with PS4 in mind, but doesn't contain a listing of the games that this applies to. So, basically I feel a little blind. 




 Hey everyone. I've been on Robin Hood's waitlist for a few weeks now, and I'm noticing that it doesn't really seem to be moving at all. So, what's the deal? Do you guys think this is going to be a legit service or is it vaporware? They have a number of big backers, but you'd think they'd have SOME sort of updates on progress - app updates, news about getting SEC and FinCEN approval, etc. But nothing seems to be going out.

Just interested what ya'll think.

For those who aren't familiar, it's a commission-free online stock brokerage which is backed by google ventures. If you're interested in signing up and want to do me a solid you can PM me for my ref link. Otherwise feel free to sign up if you're interested. 




 Hey everyone. I am just trying to find out what a zencontroller looks like. I've recently sold off my old mining rig, and am considering picking up an asic from GAWminers. It includes a zencontroller, but I can't seem to find out much about what the zencontroller is, what it looks like, etc.

Is it essentially a rebranded raspberry pi? Or something similar? Can I connect it to a USB hub and connect multiple miners to it? Should i just get an rpi instead?

I'm asking because if I jump back into this, I need to make SURE that there is an ROI because unlike normal video cards, asics tend to not have much resale value. 




 I was super excited to see this in my messages earlier from /u/dogegiftbot telling me I'd won a giveaway.
But for some reason, the link didn't work... it sent me here:
http://www.reddit.com/r/dogecoin/comments/2c300i/winner_train_subject8232_has_won_the_dogegiftbot/

I was super excited either way, so I accepted the prize. I even got a message back saying I'd claimed my prize!

But then a few minutes later I got a message from /u/TheLobstrosity telling me that it was a bug. The really sucky thing is, I'm still seeing threads for other winners showing up, so it kinda feels like a slap in the face. Are they all bug threads? Or was I just unlucky? Poor form to tell someone they won, then send them a message saying they didn't win, only to turn around and have other people win.

I'm not bothering to re-enter. Thanks either way for trying to help the community.

+/u/dogetipbot D8vVxYMKkmUKRpmG82Z6FCfwZWC4rgVT5w all doge verify 




 I know it's bad form to ask for advice on what to buy, so I am going to try and do my best to avoid that.

I am interested in these 3 styles of guitar playing:
-classical
-Spanish
-bluegrass

Essentially anything that contains a lot of finger picking. I love getting lost in the complexity it creates. I'm assuming this would point me towards a nylon string guitar, because that's kind of the standard for classical and Spanish, yes?

My wife is a music teacher, and is apparently aware of a very well regarded classical guitar instructor in our area, so more than likely I will be beginning lessons with him.

So, am I better off finding a guitar at the upper end of my price range that I like and is well reviewed? Am I better going to the first class without a guitar and getting the teacher's advice for a first instrument? Should I ask the teacher to come to the guitar store with me and help me pick out a guitar?

I'm just trying to figure out the correct approach. 




 First, let me begin by saying that I am not a musician. I am, however, a geek. That puts me in a rough spot because I see lots of numbers and knobs and switches and I get all excited. However that doesn't always translate into what will be a good instrument. So, I am hoping someone can help me with making a decision about buying my wife a wind controller.

My wife is a musician. She's a classically trained saxophonist with a masters of music education. She teaches general music and band at our local school district. She has several instruments - 2 saxes, a flute, a clarinet, a trumpet, a keyboard, and so forth. She also teaches lessons privately. If I had to describe it, I'd say she tends to be a teacher first and a musician second most of the time. She doesn't play very much for pleasure, but rather for teaching. Usually when she does play, it's at gigs for municipal bands or she's improving with a student.

A few weeks ago she was watching a music video for a mash-up band she enjoys, and noticed that their horn player was using a wind controller. She got all excited and said she really wanted one! So, I started doing some research for a possible xmas present.

I figure her uses will be: 
1) Putzing around and having fun
2) Playing along with private students in new and fun ways
3) Scoring music for her students - I'm not sure about this one. Are there any apps that will let her plug in via usb/midi cable and let her type in what she wants?

Everything I am reading seems to be pointing towards the AKAI EWI series. I figure the "playing along with students" part throws out the ewi-usb, so i'm trying to pick between the 4000s, and the 5000.

Since she has students who play several different horns, so I figured at the very least the 5000s has fingerings for significantly more instruments than the 4000s.

The wireless on the 5000 is a cool feature and will free her up to work with students and walk around the student. I'm afraid if she circles a kid a few times with a 4000s while she's checking out their form it will just make a tangled mess. I figure I will most likely pick up a mid-range keyboard amp to put in her studio to go with the controller. Is that a good choice?

I can't tell if the move from an analog synth on the 4000s to digital samples on the 5000 is a good thing or a bad thing. I can't see her using a lot of "beeps" and "buzzes" and she'd more likely spend most of her time sticking to traditional instruments.

I've talked to several other music teachers in similar positions and have gotten a wide array of answers from "waste of money" to "she'll love it!" to "well, she could find it useful with the right setup." So, I'm not getting much in the way of help.

So, I guess these are my questions:
-Given the use, is this even worth it for her? I know that's a tough question and probably a bit unfair to ask. I know she can use it with her students, and either one will give her the ability to putz around. Can it be used for scoring music too?

-I've looked around and a lot of folks seem to be pointing to "Sample Modeling Sax Brothers" as a "virtual instrument." I assume this would require her to be connected to her computer. If she were to use a USB cable to connect an EWI to her computer, would that be the only thing she'd need? Or would she have to have an external midi interface box thingies? This is where my ignorance is hitting me.

-Is a keyboard amp the right choice to plug this guy into?

-What are your thoughts on the analog synth of the 4000s vs the digital samples on the 5000?

Sorry for the wave of questions, but I just can't seem to find many good answers - everything expects a good knowledge of MIDI and wind controllers already. 




 Hey everyone. I am trying to find a way to purchase an amazon gift card for my sister-in-law's birthday. The issue is, she is a fairly lowtech person, and things like egifter and gyft both require the person receiving whatever card have either email/sms/smart phones.

So, how can I purchase a gift card in such a way that I can just print out the redemption code, put it in a card, and mail that to her? The way that Amazon usually does it.

Sadly Amazon won't let you use gift cards to buy gift cards, so that is out.
 




 Well, for those who saw my post yesterday, a few months ago I picked up a whole packer-cut brisket weighing in at 18.7 lbs. After splitting the point and the flat and trimming, I had about 5 lbs of fat, 8 lbs of flat, 6 lbs of point that. The point turned out incredible - it got corned and turned into awesome pastrami.

The flat had been sitting in my freezer for the past 2 months until I had time to smoke it. Well, I did that yesterday. It took 17 hours from beginning to end, starting at midnight, ending at 5pm the next day. I stalled for about 14 hours between 150 and 160. I was running into issues with my kettle (using a modified weber kettle with pitIQ, and smokenator) where every time I'd open the dome to add water/charcoal, the meat temp would drop about 15-20 degrees. It was a pretty extreme drop. By the time it would fully recover, it was time to add more water/charcoal.

Finally when there were about 4 hours until guests arrived, I wrapped it, and then the temp started to consistently climb. I brought it to 203 and moved it over to a cooler to rest for an hour before the guests arrived.

It turned out dry. Like, really REALLY dry. The only way to make it edible was to slice super thin, on a bias and against the grain so yoru teeth could get through it. Luckily I threw together our house coca-cola bbq sauce so that added a lot, but this was NOT the moist, succulent brisket I had hoped for. Tonight I'm going to take a page out of the pastrami book and steam it to reheat, and maybe that will add a little moisture back in.

So, I'm wondering where I went wrong. Is it bad to have frozen the meat? Should I have just sucked it up and wrapped it when it first hit 150? Do I need to brine/inject next time, instead of just using a dry rub? Should I have gone higher than 203? I didn't have time at that point to let it go until it was "like butter" but given the dryness I'm not sure there was much collagen at the party.

So, any ideas for how to keep brisket from coming out like cardboard? 




 Hey everyone!
I recently broke down a litecoin mining rig and started parting it out on ebay. I sold off both of the power supplies, however one has not been paid for. It's been 2 days. I sent the buyer and invoice, and I've also sent them a personal message to try and contact them.

If I don't hear back by tomorrow afternoon, I'll be opening up a claim with ebay. If they aren't able to resolve it, what happens? I assume I relist it, but do I get charged for the amount that should have been paid on my ebay statement?

This is the first time I've ever had what appears to be a deadbeat buyer, and I'm kind of confused about what it ends up meaning in the long run. 




 Hey everyone. I currently have an 8lb brisket flat on my weber kettle. I'm using a pitmaster iq110 (drilled manifold), a maverick, and a smokenator. I'm doing low and slow at ~225. My goal temp is 203. The only other mod is a brand new notch in the back right hand corner of the kettle to thread probes through.

Whenever I open the lid to add water/charcoal, not only do I see the dome temp drop (completely expected), but I also see the temp of the meat drop pretty substantially, about 10 degrees (from 160+ to 150 or lower). The problem is, I have to add water/charcoal about once an hour to keep things going. By the time the meat has recovered, I have to open the lid again and the whole process starts over. As it stands, it is 11:30AM now, and the brisket has been in the 150's/160's since around 2AM. I've heard of plateaus, but this is ridiculous.

This is the first time I've run into this issue - I've seen small temp drops with points and shoulders, but nothing this significant.

Any ideas what could be going on? Maybe the probe thermometer from the maverick is too close to the outside of the meat? Shouldn't carry-over keep the meat from dropping that fast? 




 Hey everyone.
I'm located in Pennsylvania.

I am in discussion with our local zoning board and a coworking space about the possibility of starting an artisinal coffee roasting business. As part of this, I'd like to do online sales, including accepting cryptocurrencies.

My biggest concern is the tax implications based on the IRS guidelines that came out a few months ago.

I see lots of resources for helping businesses accept cryptos, but I see relatively sparse information about reporting the taxes involved. For instance, https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/How_to_accept_Bitcoin,_for_small_businesses basically just says that they can't offer advice. Are there any good resources to help businesses handle the tax reporting needs of accepting cryptos? For the most part, everything will be getting converted into fiat while things get moving. 




 So, this may be an unpopular view, but here it is.

The NY regulations are a consequence of the IRS decision of how to handle cryptocurreny earlier this year. Most of this community simply said "ignore it!" 

Well, now we will reap what that ignorance has sowed.

Every single thing they have listed is expected of a company that handles securities. When I buy or transfer stock, every single one of these items is required for reporting purposes to the IRS. The same when I do a forex trade on an accreddited exchange. NY is instituting regulations to treat cryptos the same way, and therefore coming into compliance with the IRS regulations by enforcing record keeping. 

In the eyes of the IRS, every time someone opens a business that accepts *coin, they are effectively becoming a small exchange. Paying for a sticker with dogecoin in the eyes of the US government is the same thing as me paying for the sticker with some vested stock. With that comes regulatory requirements because they are trading securities. Every time someone creates a new coin? In the eyes of the IRS and the SEC, they are creating a new security and issuing an IPO. Replace the (insert coin name here) with the word "stock" and everything listed more or less matches what exists currently.

You can complain all you want, but the time to nip this in the bud may have passed. We should have been in an uproar when the IRS decided to treat cryptos as securities, instead the community collectively had the ho-hum response of "ignore it, I'm not a bitmillionaire."

The consumer protection angle will largely be used to sell the legislation to the public. After all, a lot of "bad guys" still use cryptos. Plus MtGox and the other exchange hacks will give them even more fuel.

So next time, try not to tell people they are worrying too much, and actually listen to what they are saying. Because it may bite you on the ass later. 




 I just took a look at dogechain.info, and noticed that we're at block ~302000. Did I just miss the halving?? 





























 Hey everyone. I am looking to drill holes in my weber performer so I can thread in the temp probes of my Maverick thermometer. I know I am aiming for them to be above the cooking grate (obviously). 

However, is there anything I can do to help reinforce the hole? Like, a small conduit or something? 









 I am picking up a full packers cut brisket tomorrow, weighing in at about 15 lbs. I am going to be making my very first pastrami. For the Corning brine, all recipes I find call for:

* 1 gallon/4 liters water
* 1.5 cup/350g salt
* 1 cup/225g sugar
* 42g/8tsp pink salt
* spices

This assumes a 5lb brisket. I am planning a 7 day soak. I will very likely need more brine given the size of the brisket. Can it be safely doubled? Tripled? I am asking largely because of the amount of sodium nitrite in the solution, and it's potential dangers at higher amounts.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sodium_nitrite puts the LD50 (lethal dose for 50% of the population) at around 71mg/kg. If tripled to 126g, pink salt (containing 6% sodium nitrite) would have 7.56g total. That sounds incredibly high.

Any thoughts would be appreciated.

 




 Hey everyone! Simple question I hope - does anyone know if it's against the youtube TOS to put a tipping address in your video descriptions? I'd like to put a dogecoin/bitcoin tip address for folks who enjoy videos. 




 EDIT:
I'm asking about pastrami, not a Texas brisket!

Hey everyone! The wife's dad is going to be coming out next weekend to help us install our new front door. Thanks to her parents' lovely birthday gift to me this year, I was finally able to get the Weber grill I've wanted for years, so this is my chance to show them gratitude AND show them I know how to use it.

I'm going to be making homemade pastrami from scratch (from corning the brisket through bbq) and doing pastrami sandwiches because it's one of her dad's favorites.

So, my next step is figuring out how much time to estimate. I know with pork I usually have to aim at the 2 hour per lb mark because I tend to do low cooking (200-225). I also don't plan to foil wrap. I'm a bit concerned considering I've read the full brisket can be upwards of 18 lbs, but after the last BBQ session I've decided that if I won't sleep for 2 days I've got to make it worth my while, lol.

The corning takes about 5 days, and I'm estimating somewhere around 1-2 days of bbq.

Any advice would be appreciated on helping to refine those numbers.

Also, any recommendations on wood? I have cherry and hickory on hand at the moment. 




 Hey everyone! I've tried asking around on the food sub and haven't gotten anywhere. I'm looking for a recipe for vobla. Most of the recipes say that you use "salt and water" to make a brine, and then you dry the fish but that's all I can find. I don't know how much of a ratio to use so that it doesn't get too salty (or maybe too salty is what I'm going for? Ha!). Any advice would be really appreciated.

Sadly, I can't read Cyrillic so that limits my options, lol. 




 Hey everyone! Years ago I had the chance to spend a large amount of quality time with folks from Moldova. They introduced me to a Slavic custom of eating salted, dried fish while you drink a beer. Traditionally the fish that is used is "vobla." Needless to say, vobla isn't readily available. The closest I can find that matches shape and size in the US is smelt, but vobla has a darker meat compared to the lighter smelt. 

I'd love to make some. Does anyone have any ideas about what fish are readily available in a US market that could be substituted? 









 I've typed and retyped this post about 8 times now, and I still don't have it right, but here it is.

The problem is us. Our community. Right now, we're sick. When doge first came out, everyone was friendly. No idea was stupid. Businesses were launched to do silly things, but they got our coins circulating. There were the occasional scuffle, but for the most part everyone supported everyone else.

But now, when we're driving hundreds of people to our sub daily, you see people taking pot shots at people asking questions "because it's been asked 1000 times before." Oh, that's great, invite someone here, actually get them here, only to tell them when they ask a question to shut up and go away and read. How welcoming.

People post ideas on how to help the community. But then, instead of people actively interacting with them to see what the problem is that they want to address and actually taking note of how to possibly incorporate the good ideas, people attacked them. "You're a scare monger!" "There's nothing wrong!" "Oh, you're concerned because the dogecoin you spent 300$ for after being told over and over that we're **going to the moon** are now only worth 10 less than a month later? I guess you're not a REAL shibe!" "Oh, your online wallet got hacked? Sucks to be you!"

And devs, that includes you. People submit ideas on here constantly, and 99% of you are too busy putzing on IRC to take notice. Instead of people getting positive reinforcement for trying to help things, they get torn down by asshats who just want to shit on everyone else's day. Devs whine that they don't have help testing, or that a feature is *sob* HARD to implement. But instead of doing the logical thing and getting help, there are excuses about how "the source tree is guarded!" "We don't want just ANYONE testing these things!" So, you whine (and yes, it's whining) that you want help, but when people offer help, you say that they're not good enough to help. Well, we're a community and you can't have it both ways. Either everyone is valuable, or not. It's sad how the devs like to say that resources are limited and they're all volunteers, and yet there's not a single "Help us test X!" link to be found to get more help.

People make suggestions, and they get shot down because "OH DEAR GOD IT WOULD REQUIRE A FORK!!! THE HORROR!" Our coin is 6 fucking months old. We are a brand new product. Now is the time to try things and fork and get it to where we think it's perfect. We've executed forks before. The honest truth is it's not that big of a deal. Does it require some effort and coordination? Yes. But we've done it before, and we can easily do it again. It's just easier to hide behind it than to actually get things built. "Oh man, this feature could make us the number 1 coin on earth!" "Oh wait, we'd have to fork. If you think the feature is so great, go buy into that coin instead." "Oh, nevermind. I'll go try that coin then." "GET RICH QUICK FAKER!!!!!" I got tired of seeing this same conversation every single day. Think of this as a product. It can have flaws. That's ok. What's not OK is saying "the course is set, let's not change anything no matter what." You know what happens in the business world when you say that? You stagnate. Then you go out of business. It's pathetic that we have an amazing community, and our devs and a massive part of our community would rather refute almost every suggestion than try to make them into reality.

I'm not posting this to trash anyone. I'm posting it because your trashing each other and your ignoring new ideas and your not paying attention to one another and your NOT UNDERSTANDING EACHOTHER is killing us. Think about what you post. Is it going to bring people together, or is it going to drive them apart? Guess what, if it's going to drive eachother apart, STFU and go play a game or something. I don't care if you have 1 doge or a million. We don't need your negativity. I'd rather take someone who sold all their doge for bitcoin but actively helps people and treats everyone with respect on the trip to the moon than someone who spreads negativity.

With that said, even if you decide to downvote this post, try to stop being dicks to each other. Listen to why people are concerned, and instead of telling them they're dumb, assuage their concerns. If it's not working, then the problem isn't with them, it's with you. Your arguments aren't good enough. It's a chance to improve YOU and YOUR arguments. Maybe they have a valid point. Maybe their idea is really good, and that's the real reason your argument isn't good enough. Accept it, and move on and improve things. If you want our coin to be the coin that's different - do it by being the coin that actually responds to changes instead of arrogantly sailing forward just because you started out going that direction. 




 So, I picked this puppy up for 2$ at a yard sale, and it was almost completely full. Since we're going camping tonight, I decided I'd top it off. For some reason I thought I remembered it saying kerosene only, so that's what I got. Well, it doesn't actually say WHAT it runs on on the lantern, so I figured, what the heck. It's got whatever fuel the old owner ran it on inside, so at worst i'm making a mix.

That said, are there any dangers in running kerosene in a lamp made for coleman fuel? When I get back home, should I drain it and fill with naptha? Just trying to figure this guy out! Any help would be appreciated! 




