 Was it heaven? Are you a Zombie? 




 Here in St. Louis a good majority of our bars that serve food close the kitchen at 10 and last call for alcohol is about 1:25 because bar closes at 1:30. 




 Damn how many hands do you have? 




 Damn phone. That should be Feast. 




 It sounds like the ship is sinking and you're still on board. IMO it's best to jump overboard now before it's too late. 




 No music but we'd belt out whatever song was in our head and 9/10 others would join in. 




 I've made many many menus using Word and the clipart in it. Of course those were for rehearsal dinners and other catering events. 




 The app for people who forgot the number to 911. 




 The wild cat sanctuary is great and if you got the money you can even stay there. Mostly it's shopping, plays/musicals, and eating. My uncle used to own a cafe in the downtown district called The Eureka Springs Food Court. Best vacation ever was singing karaoke there and helping him out in the cafe.

 




 Eureka Springs, AR to visit family even though I haven't been in 11 years OR down the river road to Pier Marquette State Park. 









 Nah that's definitely the bunny from Monty Python and The Holy Grail. 




 Feat and Sauce are your best options. 




 Any maker marks stamped into the metal? 




 Been there before with Amazon. I'd track my package and it'd be sitting in the hub 5 minutes away. Like ok can I come pick it up? 




 Michael Bolton 




 Have some pics like that from 4 years ago of the market and union station. Very photo worthy places. 




 The story I heard on the scanner was they jumped through the sunroof and weren't moving. Then all of a sudden they say he's conscious and alert. Even called the newsroom at 2 to tell them this but they kept saying that he died. Did tried to change the title here and take out fatality but haha turns out you can't edit titles. 




 1.) Matheny doesn't know what he's doing bullpen wise. When a pitcher is doing great he takes them out and put someone like Rosenthal in which leads to #2...

2.) Rosenthal is by far our worst closer IMO. He's like Issy from a few years back where when he's put in you know there's a high probability we're losing.

2.) Our outfielders when playing in SF. They did say it was a hard outfield to play but still there was no coverage. Especially when they had to run to hell's half acres to catch the ball. 




 Burnie Gus looks like Jarrod the Subway guy. 




 That I do. More than one "thing" at that.

 




 Exactly I'm not going to be intimidated and run. With that said I will add that if they come out this way I will defend not only myself but also my house and family no questions asked. 




 God God they still make those books? I remember those books when I was in elementary school and that was many moons ago. 




 Oh been there many times. Hell still did it in Culinary School. 









 Have to give a big old amen to that last part. Right now that's what keeps me from drinking excessively. 




 In this case it'll be Brute and Old Spice for me. 




 Was listening over the scanner and the cop who found the car involved said it was full of beer cans and other shit(exact quote). 




 That's what I've said for years. With it being the main highway from the airport to downtown you'd think they would fix up the areas around the highway. 




 Guy jumped through the sunroof of a moving vehicle and now WB side of the highway is closed. 




 1.) Start it off by watching RAW and Smackdown together. Not full on event.

2.) Case in point he fucked Steph and is now head of NXT. 




 Straight OP's fault here for two reasons:

1.) You took a non-wrestling fan to a wrestling event aka taking her to something that probably bored her out of her mind. If I was you I would have just taken the nephew for a mini guys night.

2.) You dated your boss' daughter. What were you expecting to stay with her and get one of those "I fucked the boss' daughter promotions?" You never date the daughter of your superior because when that goes south so does the job. 




 There was an AP article that came out a week ago titled "MO Flea Market Plagued With Crime To Close," and it was all about the Pagedale flea market. 




 Name? 




 Girl my ribeyes are on your hot behind. 




 Was gonna ask if I missed a memo or something. WE CAN DO IT! WE CAN DO IT ALL NIGHT LONG!!! 




 I tried this one time before but the girl just screamed and asked how I got into her house. Oh Well! 




 Don't have much to add other than welcome to the club. 




 That's what I started out on. My Mom worked in a hospital and used to bring those home to me. The shave was shitty but they did the job. 




 Surely you can't be serious? 




 Remind anybody else of the no more spaces scene from Police Academy 1? 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZRGxNozcp4 




 Because it's Grand. 




 Not bad but if we really want to impress Guinness we have to hit that rare Fiver and with it getting colder it gets rarer. 




 Ooh damn. Are we going for the word record or some shit cause I'm pretty sure Chicago takes that honor. 




 Was before or after the whole quitting the business thing? 




 I agree the evidence needs to be known but would people believe it or continue to believe what they want to believe. In this situation that being he was a good boy with only a sandwich. 




 I took what you said as the sooner people back these protesters the safer it'll be and that'll never happen. Not everybody is going to support their cause. I mean I'm not, my family isn't going to, and I know 95% of my friend aren't going to either. We all think it's idiotic to protest this but not protest the black on black crimes that are statistically hurting the city more. Just today we had the 106th confirmed homicide in the city which is a 30% increase from this time last year. 




 Yeeeeeah I don't see that happening anytime soon. 









 LMAO @ St. Quiznos Thought he might be considered The Earl of Sandwiches #2. 




 Valuable and Upstanding citizen with a rap sheet 3 miles long. Ooook yeeeeeah somebody explain that one to me. 




 Go Go Gadget Selfie 




 They did it when they tried to shut 70 down so it wouldn't surprise me. 




 Thank you. This could either get fun or really weird. Haha 




 Saw the original origin of this meme but what is it called? 




 As a Chef I like the Farm to Table concept but I have a feeling this guy has no restaurant experience or farming experience for that matter. I can see $30,000-$35,000 easily for this and that's for a pop-up restaurant but not 5mil. 




 For just $5,000 you get that final 1%. 




 Precisely  




 Sorry man but that's not what she was laughing at. 




 Is that a sledge hammer in your pocket or are you just happy to see me? 




 Nice to see the "Little Man" succeed. Keep up the good work and congrats on the stellar year. 




 Damn it! Now I gave to return the van and all this candy. 




 Looooved that show and had a lil crush on the robot chick. 




 Ghostwriter and The Letter People on PBS

Under The Umbrella Tree and Zoobalee Zoo on Disney 




 That's My Job and The Game's Daddy Play both by Conway Twitty

She Thinks His Name Was John by Reba

Go Rest High On That Mountain by Vince Gill 




 2nd this. 




 Just put is simply: If you outlaw guns then only outlaws will have gun. Plain and simple. 




 "Damn it I told you not to wiz on the electric fence." 




 OMG thanks for the no help. Wow that's the best advice that EVER. Hahahaha

 




 The reason we don't riot is because we're not that stupid. Blacks walk around target with guns too. Only difference is us whites do it legally. Take your asinine logic and go home because you're making yourself look bad.

 




 Thought the pique wasn't right but wasn't sure. Took out and changed what you suggested. Thanks for the help. 




 It's very relevant. You don't see these protest when a black thug shoots another black person do ya? 




 Anybody know where I can get one of those bullet firing sandwiches??? 




 Had a cop kill an 18yo here last night in a kill or be killed situation. Yet his family is playing the he was a good boy card even though he had a rap sheet a mile long. 




 Got one back in 05 in Missouri for my 18th. Used it until I needed blades and then pitched it. 




 Fixed the not public problem. Didn't even know that was checked. 









 Met my ex in college so I was walking her to class, noticed the teacher wasn't in there yet, so we just set up against the wall, and opened up to each other. She told me about her dreams and fairs which I can remember the dream but not the fear, and I opened up to her about mine. It was the first time we got emotional in front of each other but not the last. 




 OMG How dare you say something so morbid. BTW you gave me the wrong change. 




 Got one a couple weeks ago on my birthday and started laughing. Happy Birthday either way. 




 For physical: Knee pain, back pain, and carpal tunnel

Mental: Anxiety, alcoholism, depression, sleep deprivation

Cure: Alcohol and pain meds 




 From looking at the jack n the box section it looks like if you got a sourdough jack with extra cheese and a mint shake you'll have everything in that section. 




 Already posted: http://www.reddit.com/r/fastfood/comments/2ig576/playing_chicken_burger_king_cuts_nuggets_price/ 














 Nice find on the Kristofferson album. 




 St. Louis- Vintage Vinyl 




 Well let's say BK does the industry standard of upcharging 30% of the food cost, and that 10-nuggets cost 4.99 30% of 4.99 = 1.49700 so they are just breaking even with no profit. 




 Alright cool Thanks for the quick help. 




 Italy Padova to be exact. 




 I retrieved my match for the postcard exchange and all they have is a city but no address. Is this normal or other countries or what? I never sent something international so I'm not sure. 




 So it reboots the porn sites? 




 Same here. Last time I had them was back in the BK Kids Club days. 




 Your profile is one that would make me stop and say hmm... Got a fave from me and loved the "Really fucking weird" line but seems like that's just me. 




 I'm saying the 57%/27% might explain for this. 




 Hey what's up? 









 After seeing the pic and reading your comments I bow before you. Especially with the MS Access usage. 




 Y'all are jus rong. 




 Looks like Violet from Willie Wonka AFTER the blueberry incident. 




 Everytime I go to the mobile site the pics don't show up for me. Was wondering if anybody else is having the same problem. 




 Not something you discuss with a potential date/relationship over the computer. This is a topic best suited for an established relationship as well as face to face. 




 I'll ask the obvious question: You said yes right? Haha 




 Well that would explain these silver bracelets. 




 Hell if she lived next door to me I'd be moving next door. lol 




 Did not even recognize her. I feel like an idiot now. 




 Name? 




 I remember getting in trouble back in 1st grade for playing some jack o lantern game on the Commodore 64 past recess. 




