









 Check out the guy featured here: http://www.forevergeek.com/2014/10/wants-star-wars-greeting-cards-giveaway/.  




 Rivotril FTW! 









 And when trolling was "just" trolling without everyone getting butthurt; also no real life tragedies as a result. 




 Everything you said, but for me, mainly because if I don't believe that everything is going to be okay, it will only be a downward spiral - and a fast one. I have to believe that it will be okay one way or another; and for some reason, that keeps me going. I don't know if that makes sense for you, but I hope it does. 




  'No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." - Eleanor Roosevelt. 









 Might as well check Twitter, while you're at it. 









 Good Lord! Yup, it looks so real, I would freeze and not blink if I saw you. Maybe freak out some... 




 Swimming pool included, please. 




 It *is* a good one. Just because I didn't recognize her (I'm really bad with faces anyway) doesn't take anything away from the piece.  




 You've racked up so many geek creds, man. 




 He's such a dearie. Maybe one day I'll get to meet him, so I better think of a pose now. 




 Did you make it? 




 I can't believe I don't recognize her, but the art is captivating nonetheless; and the quote, boom! 














 Or just because you can! 









 I think I'll just wait for it to come out on DVD; as you said, you're a horror junkie so it made it kinda worth it. 




 That's a strong argument not to see it. 




 Yes, The Conjuring was a total build up till the end; and I was terrified from the beginning not knowing what was going to happen. Annabelle will be "easier" watching then. Though I'm not a big fan of horror movies, I am starting to become more adventurous...is Annabelle worth a try? 




 I'm sure you think that I don't understand what you're going through, but I do. It's just that sometimes, our future is dictated by what we are, opposed to what we want. 
 Nicholas Sparks

I keep thinking about this. It's rather difficult to determine exactly what you want for the future in specific terms. Does that make sense? 




 This is true and has been said many times. It's just not that easy, yes? 




 Talented, definitely. His performance in Eternal Sunshine... tore me up. 




 I just found out about the Annabelle movie (the doll in The Conjuring) yesterday, which was released earlier this month.  The Conjuring scared the crap out of me, and they did a good job making Annabelle a mysteriously scary "character".

Anyone seen it? Recommendations? 




 Great. Let me know how that goes. 




 "An imaginative player could also weave their own stories between these layersmany hours were spent imagining stories taking place within and between these worlds."

Those good old days. Yes, my cities had stories in my head. 




 I love the Ithaka one. Beautifully poetic and applicable today. I'm keeping it in an open tab to read again. 









 The only potential downside is that she'll never want to get out of it. Or maybe that's just me. 









 Well, I totally agree with that - it's the PC brigade that thinks of that implication, which I think is overreacting. 









 LOL. Those Japanese games are the most hilarious.  




 I regularly visit the first two sites; yes, they're great for inspiration and spark introspection. The third one is new to me. My thanks for sharing a new site I can read. 




 I just saw a quote from Jim Elliot, and I think some of you might find it timely:

"Wherever you are, be all there."

I know it's perfect for me, as my mind tends to wander even when I'm talking to someone else.  









 Oldie, but still one of the best articles on Comic Sans: http://buff.ly/1y8IN7c 




 Coffee? 




 Khal Drogo looks like a brat. An adorable bunch this is, though. 




 So you found it? Link? 









 Should have seen that coming. LOL. 









 "It allows you to connect with someone at the most basic level. Over time it fosters a solid and positive relationship with others while also allowing you to grow as an individual."

I like how you closed the article, because it reminds me that I should not lock away my emphatic side, which I think I have been doing.  




 How come I didn't think of that? 




 ...the in-app purchases are getting in the way. Is it just me, or is it too much?  




 Pretty much sums it up for me. I've always treated work (freelance writing) as fun, so it doesn't bother me at all that I spend 10-12 hours a day working. I thought I had had a good balance, but am totally wrong. So point 2 ( Introduce non-computer centric activities) is what I am working on right now, which is quite difficult because my non-work activity is mainly playing mobile games and reading (still on a mobile device).

I'm working on taking a 1-hour work at least once a week, but I don't know if that's going to stick.

In any case, thanks for sharing this - very timely and apt reminder for me. 




 That's exactly what I was thinking. But what if "it" stains in the wrong place? Better to have more flowers cover that area... 




 You just made me fall in love with her all over again. 




 Burnout is nature's way of telling you, you've been going through the motions your soul has departed; you're a zombie, a member of the walking dead, a sleepwalker. False optimism is like administrating stimulants to an exhausted nervous system. 
 Sam Keen, Fire in the Belly: On Being a Man 




 Awesome! With more wild, curly hair, this would be even better.  




 "You sexy thing!" 




 Tissue paper. When you gotta go, you gotta go. 




 Now give him a cookie.
Seriously though, good for him. Even if he did have blueprints, not everyone can actually follow those to make something for real. 









 You guys are lucky. I've had a MacBooks conk out on me a couple weeks after the warranty ran out. Apple wouldn't cover the expense (motherboard issues), so it's now a PlaceMac for plates when eating while watching TV. 









 While the article is geared towards entrepreneurs, it does apply to everyone, doesn't it? Those "ancients" sure knew what they were talking about. I just wonder if they were able to apply their sayings to their own lives. 




 A lot of people are making jokes, but this is pretty serious news. He has worked with many child actors and has a long list of credits according to imdb. This is going to shock and hurt a lot of people...

Yup. Even though it was "just" a character he was playing in 7th Heaven, that show was a huge thing for me as a child, and hearing this sort of thing is rather awful.
 




 That's exactly my point. Is it? I certainly don't think so. Do you? 




 Tell me about it. Those who get their beard hair yanked out: SHAVE ffs! 




 Some people just like to scare themselves and have a good laugh while at it. Check out horror movie characters on Twitter: http://socialnewsdaily.com/43865/5-horror-movie-characters-to-follow-on-twitter-this-halloween/ 




 Why bother when they crash Ferraris and Lamborghinis there all the time anyway? 









 Mesmerizing... 









 Make sure you have some pie, as well. 




 Ugh. The truth does hurt, but this in-your-face article should wake some people up. 

 









 I suggest Vikings (pretty much the Nordic version of Spartacus in my opinion - wait there's no Spartacus on your list, so you may want to see that, too).

Then there's Salem, which is sometimes slow, but has its moments; and the premise might appeal to you.

Sleepy Hollow is pretty good, too.

For tech TV, try Silicon Valley for humor/caricature of well, Silicon Valley; and then there's Halt and Catch Fire (the start of personal computing in the 80s), which has a more serious tone. 




