



















 It does seem like a break even exchange, but who knows maybe a new venue is exactly what each player needed. I could also see Saiko landing with Carolina or maybe Tampa 

















































































































































































































 Wasn't Calgary on track to have a team before the floods up there derailed everything? 



















 the NASL site will also have a stream 


































 let's treat this with a bit of skepticism until the league makes a clear, decisive statement. Hartford is really dodgy when it comes to construction   this could all just be bluster. A bit like the "New England Force" promotion that never became anything of note. But it would be great if it were true. 














 Really good piece, thx! 




 Fucking glorious 




 either one, we know what you mean. but they team has a cute video to familiarize folks: http://www.mnunitedfc.com/news/detail/lang/EN/uuid/xk6nrcjhfz04187qeroqw1nya/rules-of-soccer--explaining-the-beautiful-game-simply#.U7cAdfldWSo 









 oh, and NASL offers a cheap online stream for all teams in the leage 




 Every MN United home game is on local tv, keep an eye out for them 




 I too feel rather squishy and uncomfortable about it. a couple of years ago I wrote a piece on the evangelical soccer clubs here in the US (http://soccernewsday.com/usa/a/198/faith-based-soccer). It's murky waters whenever religion comes into play but I think there's definitely a place for it because, ironically enough, truly faithful athletes are less hypocritical in their play   conduct. At least, that's my take 




 I will back every Queen song used 





































































 that's sweet bit of trivia 




 I hope the article didn't seem too rambling or spiteful, thanks for reading 




 For some they are one and the same 




 I toyed with putting Borges in the squad as a playmaker for Maradona but then thought that might be too meta...or silly... 




 Aw, man, I really enjoy this club. Love to see them in NASL 






















































 I like the sky blue it's a nice connection to the Kicks   Thunder but I do wish that the blue was darker, closer to the MN Stars/NSC Stars blue 





























 there is less violence in this show (first season at least) than any of the major network dramas 


































 I think it will, #3 will come out June 11th. But I agree with you, there's a lot happening on each page unlike the more direct narrative of Saga. I wrote a review of the first two issues for The Stake, if you're interested.  




 I've just gotten into Saga as well. I've found the new series Shutter to be similar 




 It was nice to know Takada was in the mix. From the stream, it sounded like most were dissatisfied with Daley's lax attempts to get back to defend 


































 Basso is the only player here I've seen play--he was with USL's Harrisburg City Islanders the last few years. Nice to see him picking up with a higher division, not a bad defender 




 it's really negotiated in each case. a team can loan a player for a set time (month, three months, six months, whole season) and with a clause that they can be re-called at any time or not. The USL is operating more akin to MLB's minor league system wherein players are movee up and down virtually at will of parent club 














 I'm sure it's coming, lots of stuff in the queue  




 thx for this Bree! 




 you're completely correct--the league is huge (especially with the new wave of expansion) and often information/stats comes down to the individual teams themselves. what's unfortunate it that there's a lot of work to do but not enough funds to hire folks to do it--getting better though. 




 huh. that's weird. wish I had better info for you but I'm sure they'll sort it out for ya. the folks Ive talked to have always been itching to help 




 I've not had any problems. You've gone here:http://mnunited.row27clients.com/ 




 I've got some concerns about this 'reserves' squad. They've pummeled Eau Claire and I fear that it will only be a keeping fitness club for the first team and not quite the development club I was hoping  




 NPSL isn't too good at posting real time information or updating its site, it's an area that they really need to improve upon 




 here's the roster according to the NPSL: http://www.nationalpremiersoccerleague.com/teams/64214691/65998048-64214780/TEAM.html 




 not my article, but I thought it worth sharing because there could be some fun discussion about how good/bad the list was. At least you locked down the fuck-face troll angle. 





























 Midfield was poor all around. I don't know if I'd hack that much on Manny, but the plan for the evening was definitely misguided 




