 we've got Trader Joes... It could happen 
(they were started by brothers)  




 We're the capitol of the state. A city that prides itself of arts   culture (compared to the rest of the state). It's a shame we don't have museums   a good aquarium. Even if it's a niche museum (we're getting a toy museum. maybe get a video game museum?).  




 I miss Moe's burritos. Wish we had couple more Jet's Pizza on North side. 
Better Italian / Chinese / Soul food selection. 
Public Transportation options (no toll roads   a rail system)
More sports options 
museums/aquarium (sad we don't. Toy museum is step in right direction) 

 




 Do you have a smartphone? if so, not really... the XBOX One Smartglass app does it for me. Mixed with the Kinect, I never grab a controller unless I'm gaming.  




 I miss plain ole Doritos (yellow bag)

Also, in the early 80's my family had a grocery store. I started noticing red   blue flakes on my Nacho cheese Doritos. I asked my Frito Lay rep   he didn't know. Then a couple months later, he brought in a new Dorito with the red   blue flakes (Cool Ranch Doritos)... They were putting the Cool Ranch flavor to get people used to the flavor.  




 Centro-Matic

Can't believe more people don't know this band. Boggles me they aren't at least 'known' by the general public. I bartend   put on their albums   everyone agrees it's good yet no one has ever heard of them. 

Other band like that: Marah, Jason Molina, Blue Mountain, Grifters... 




 I almost never ask anyone for help unless I physically can't do it myself (just don't want to bug people) yet people who don't hesitate to ask everyone around them to do things irk's me... 

That,   when someone gets into your business before they ask the favor... 
Example: what are you doing tomorrow? Nothing, well then you can do ____. Just ask the favor, give me an opportunity to at least lie   get out of it... 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StJS51d1Fzg

I heard some whack lady in Alaska is calling for Impeachment... 




 http://www.newrepublic.com/article/115283/onions-film-criticism-better-its-news-satire

the Onion's film critiques have been killing it... 




 I have several videos of this. I would run through the area to the truck   backtrack   it'd be chaos... 




 Banshees that overheat if they do too many acrobatics... 

About time for a halo boat level... 

 




 Traffic is terrible. Quite possibly the worst complaint about the city. There's over a hundred people moving here a day. I'm sure there's other tax revenues that can pay for roads.

Toll roads are barely used. I won't use them, it's a luxury tax. I'm not convinced the $.25/mile (whatever the rate) they're receiving is more than the cost of people's lives being wasted in gridlock. 

How much does the TxTag system cost to operate vs it's revenue? In 2012, MnPass (Minnesota's version) cost $2.4 million to operate and only earned $3 million in revenue. 

If they'd just let us all use all the roads, it'll pay off in the long run. 

Bring in the rail system, quit fighting public transit options,   share the roads...  




 I played up until Chapter 7 last night. Really good, much better than the first Portal. Great voice work, great writing.  




 Reminder: Map packs are half off this week too... 




 also: Halo 4 is $15 today   tomorrow... 









 GT: mobber

EDIT: I'll be on in the evenings this week

I never got around to playing Co-op... if I remember right, there's achievements for playing with different players on your friends list.   




 I saw a Titan jump from their bubble this weekend, like a full titans height over the bubble... my teammates thought I was crazy 




 I re-downloaded the map packs after having problems   it got all the achievements... 




 This sale starts tomorrow (7/8) 




 According to Mjr Nelson

- http://majornelson.com/2014/07/07/this-weeks-deals-with-gold-xbox-360-ultimate-games-sale/

Halo 4 DLC is going on sale tomorrow, right now it's $25.

Hopefully this'll spark some interest in H4 until this fall... The last DLC playlist was fun (4v4) but hopefully a BTB DLC playlist will happen (tired of playing same maps). 

Also wish this price drop was permanent, seeing how H4 is 50% off.  




 Xbox 360's don't support .MKV

If on a PC, you can download codecs that allow Windows Media Center to play .MKV files. If you push/pull files from that PC, that is the only way that I know of to get a 360 to play them... 




 after Halo 2 we were at peace with the Arbiters people (Elites, Sangheili) due to their civil war...

When Halo 4 came around, the peace was over.

Who's side is the Arbiter on now?  




 Since the update, it seems half the matches end up uneven whereas they used to rarely do... 

The only good news is that if you're up against one person, whoever kills the one pilot after the epilogue gets the achievement for killing the whole team after... 




 for a mom   pop ISP startup, it's a start... 




 now, will smith pays millions to worship aliens... 




 only villains put their drinks on the table...  




 

http://mygrande.com/austin/1-gig-fiber-internet/ 




 Mine got to where it was doing it every 2-3 days... same, had to unplug /plug to fix...

then I did a full shutdown, been a week   hasn't happened (yet)

http://www.ign.com/wikis/xbox-one/How_to_do_a_Hard_Restart_on_Xbox_One 




 I remember buying the first CDs for around $8-10... then I remember buying CDs at around $18-22   thinking 'maybe I could just download them?'

the music industry was gouging their product. the business crowd was making more money than the artists. the middlemen were taking advantage of their customers. the market spoke. 

Same here, the market will say 'screw EA'   they'll suffer until they die or change... 




 One of the main reasons the Dreamcast didn't make it:
It was too easy to download   burn illegal games

Say you were EA   you got Madden coming out. You can make it for XBOX, PS2 but Dreamcast? You'll sell one copy, they'll put the Disc Image online,   suddenly the kids realize they can just quit buying XBOX/PS2 games   play for free on the Dreamcast. 

They started having developers / publishers quit making cross platform games... 




 DISH Network users need not apply 




 DISH Network customers need not apply...  




 then make it illegal for cops to confiscate your phone or threaten to put your phone away... 




 I was thinking Michael Stipe with hair... 




 Usually play campaign... so probably there.  




 How is XBOX (MSFT) allowing this app?

They phased out their own Windows Media Center (WMC) app because they are trying to encourage people away from physical media (audio/video) files. There is no way to pull media files from your PC/Network from the XBOX ONE. You can only push (Play to). Not much of an entertainment center (especially when the previous 360 could).

MSFT is trying to sell MUSIC/VIDEO digital rights   has partnered with major studios to do this. Also, they are trying to appease these studios that MSFT is actively fighting piracy is these tactics... 

Just don't understand why MSFT would allow this app when they have bent over backwards to make sure their own product can't pull files from their own Win 8 machines? 

On XBOX 360   Win 8, they nerfed their WMC. On 360, you couldn't view WMC as recent apps. You couldn't pin it to home. The only decent way to pull files was to hit the Guide, go to video, select from PC...

Cool to hear otherwise, much more of a XBMC fan myself. Have gotten away from files as well (why, when you can stream most everything?)

EDIT: Remember that just because you are in the ID program, doesn't mean it will be accepted by MSFT to the included in the Marketplace. Their apps aren't as easy to get into play as the apps for Win 8.  




 SWAT teams. for drugs...overkill? the same unit you send out to bank robberies   terrorist raids is the same unit you take out a house in the middle of the night?  




 No, I have a good connection. 

They'll twitch around on my end, but they'll be killing as usual...

EDIT: watched the clip, very similar. no loading message, I'll usually just spawn inside some pilot (not a Titan like you). It'll say 'Watching _____" on the screen. I'll never spawn. Just wait in limbo... 




 Happens to me all the time on XB1. I will respawn   it's like my camera is in another players head. Some kind of glitch... I can't move, just watch them play from inside them.  




 Projectors have slow input lag...  




 i wrote @XboxStore asking if they'd discount DDL yesterday but no response... 




 some rank it as the best job market in the nation. I think it's most jobs overall. tech   food service, it seems to be great. some healthcare   business jobs. other fields, not so much...

Austin has a good A/V niche appreciation market, but doesn't have the industry it deserves. What do you want to shoot?  




 Mine were messing up too, I re-downloaded all my DLC maps   they unlocked....

Now, If I could only get the "didn't see me coming" (assassin someone while scoped...) 




