











































































































































 Let the battle begin. 









 "Michael Creel said Dykes kept to himself and listened to a lot of conservative talk radio." 



















 A portait of a pathetic case. 





























 Yeah you will. 












































 Time for Democrats to call our senators and the cowardly hack Sen. Reid. 














 You got that right, dominosci. 









 If the amount paid is lowered by an "average" of $2500, that does not mean that every person's bill will be lowered by $2500. Do you know what an average is?  

The article says that some will pay more, most will pay less. Those who pay more will be getting better coverage that will actually cover ailments or injuries they might get in the future. You can be a 20-something healthy male one day and get cancer or get hit by a car the next.  









 Is it an individual policy? 




 Read the article.  












































 Where have we heard that fraction before? 






















































 "Other states considering similar changes include Michigan, Ohio and Pennsylvania, which share a common dynamic with Virginia: They went for Obama in the past two elections but are controlled by Republicans at the state level." 









 Ok, thanks for the correction, I edited my post to make the change. 














 For those saying it would take a constitutional amendment to eliminate the electoral college -- there is another way. 

States are allowed to decide how to apportion their electoral votes. To date, 9 states, representing 139 electoral votes, have passed laws giving all their electoral votes to the winner of the popular national popular vote. 

This movement is called the National Popular Vote Movement, and it is worth working for:
http://www.nationalpopularvote.com/ 



































































































 "Obamas first presidential campaign, and his first inaugural address, were about moving America past our old arguments. His second presidential campaign, and his second inaugural address, were about winning those arguments." 












































 Updated: It's now 5 people accidentally shot at 3 gun shows. 







































 "In an age when our frontiers are digital, the criminal system threatens something intangible but incredibly valuable. It threatens youthful vigor, difference in outlook, the freedom to break some rules and not be condemned or ruined for the rest of your life. Swartz was a passionate eccentric who could have been one of the great innovators and creators of our future. Now we will never know." 


































 People who swear and get abusive in their posts are revealing the weakness of their arguments. Military-style assault weapons were developed for use in war, to kill people. They are inanimate objects that are used by people.

"Retired Gen. Stanley McChrystal came out in favor of gun control restrictions in a Tuesday morning appearance on MSNBC's "Morning Joe."

"I spent a career carrying typically either a M16, and later a M4 carbine," he said. "And a M4 carbine fires a .223 caliber round, which is 5.56 millimeters, at about 3,000 feet per second. When it hits a human body, the effects are devastating. It's designed to do that. That's what our soldiers ought to carry."

Said McChrystal, "I personally don't think there's any need for that kind of weaponry on the streets and particularly around the schools in America. I believe that we've got to take a serious look -- I understand everybody's desire to have whatever they want -- but we have to protect our children and our police and we have to protect our population. And I think we have to take a very mature look at that."

So I imagine the general is wrong, according to you. And you know better. 




 If I cared about knowing the total number of deaths by drownings I would include all deaths by drownings. If you only want to look at murders, then find a report that only looks at murders -- that's not what this one does. But from a public safety standpoint, when talking about regulation, all deaths are more relevant than just murders -- including accidents and suicides. 
























 I think we agree on these points.  




 Lack of heritability is not the same as confiscation. And historically guns have not been confiscated from owners in this country.  




 I have not been shooting but do have a family member who is a hunter. 

In my opinion, the previous assault weapon ban was ineffective because NRA-backed members of Congress inserted a lot of loopholes. 

I'm not an absolutist on an assault ban, though, and think we should get what we can on this issue, such as universal background checks and improved mental health reporting. I predict that the NRA will come out as strongly against universal background checks, though.

I agree on the gang violence -- I think universal background checks, and a trafficking provision, would help there. I live in the Chicago area, and recently read that a large percentage of Chicago gang guns are purchased from third parties who buy them in largish batches from our gun-lax neighbor, Indiana. 
 




 So you acknowledge that the government has the right to regulate what kinds of arms people can have, and what types of people should be allowed to have them. We agree.

Also, you realize that corporations and the 1% get a lot of government handouts by means of tax policy, right?

 




