 The young woman's car is hit on the bridge in an accident that involves tractor trailers. Horrifying enough. But the force of the crash is enough to send her car either though or over whatever bridge railing is there to keep vehicles on the bridge. Her vehicle plunges 40 feet into the bay -- three to four stories of free fall. She experiences hitting the bay in an explosion of water. Injured and shocked, she is in a vehicle that's sinking and starting to drift. Her options for saving herself are narrowing quickly. Fighting current and probably disorientation, she escapes the vehicle and swims to a bridge pylon. Imagine. Just imagine. 

This is one tough woman. 

 




 Have they said that?  




 Since 2008, I'm just not sure, but this story from 2005 is part of the lore: http://www.democraticunderground.com/discuss/duboard.php?az=view_all address=104x4154435 




 This is a Cinderella privilege with an expiration date. People should be allowed to drink water on Metro 365 days a year. There's no sound reason for prohibiting people from drinking water. I can understand a ban on French Fries, but water? It's time to decriminalize water.  




 @beer_OMG_beer  is absolutely correct. Comparing a Walmart worker to a government worker is a major fail. Walmart workers are often restricted to part-time hours without benefits and have a work schedule that constantly changes (if they make themselves available for anytime work, their hours may improve but ability to attend college or meet family needs declines). 

  









 This subreddit is now in danger of becoming SquirrelBoy  




 How was this locked? Was it a U Lock? What brand? And do you know what it's rating is? If a U Lock, do you still have it and was one of the locks that came with insurance? 




 This list is totally bogus. It's the click-candy industry, in this case Travel   Leisure, with an assist from the Washington Post and Reddit, at its finest.  




 the $3000 a month for daycare is a nightmare.  




 "Spinosaurus" -- love it. Sounds like a name invented by a PR agency.  "Spin-o-saurus." They might has well have named it T-Bowl. "Giganotosaurus" is just lame. 

You can't undo 65 million years of effective marketing on the mighty Reddit. 

T-Rex rules. 

 




 The Portrait Gallery across from the Verizon Center has a spacious courtyard with lots of seating, refreshments, and has 15+MBS of free public Internet.  









 CVS is almost a monopoly in the District. I'm tired of them. There's nothing that CVS can do to make a CVS interesting.  




 There is http://loavesandfishesdc.org/  in Columbia Heights. They run a kitchen on Saturdays. I used to do volunteer work there. They often had  volunteers from groups. Really nice people.  




 Other than ads for t-shirts, how does duckduckgo make money?  




 Baby Boomers will never retire.  




 There's a web site, bedbugger.com that's a great resource for questions like this.  




  Are you renting in a condo complex or apt? Is it a separate facility or just a bike rack? Does the space used for bikes have the potential to generate revenue in other ways?

A condo association may have the option of taking empty space and renting it out as storage. Instead, they make it available to bikers. I could see the argument on the condo board: Why should people who don't bike subsidize the loss of income the empty space might generate as storage space?  But then, there has to be enough bikers interested space to cover the cost. If there weren't, you probably wouldn't have the rental space option. Consider yourself lucky. Otherwise, you're stuck like me with the bike in the apt.  




 I bought in DC in early 2008 when the market was softening and the worst was still to come. I did not have a big down payment and it was risky from that point of view. Not the best decision, but what was done was done. After I bought it, the price of my unit fell about 5%-10 to perhaps as much as 20% from what I paid. It has since recovered. With a new assessment, I recently re-financed and lowered my mortgage cost by nearly a third. Previous rate was 6.5%. Now at about 3.5%. Lost PMI, too. 

My monthly mortgage, plus taxes, including condo fee (non-elevator building so its on the low side), is well below market rents. 

Rents are ridiculous now. But the mortgage costs remain low, even at 4%. 

So what should you be worried about the most? That mortgage rates will rise to 6-9% or that housing prices won't fall? 

My view: If you truly planning on staying in DC for a period of years and are set on that, then I would try to buy when the interest rates are low. If prices fall now, I suspect it will due to rising interest rates. One way or another, you'll be paying more. 

More directly to your question: I don't think we will see a repeat of 2008-09. That was a historic crash. I do believe the market can soften if interest rates rise, and I think with the rates now checking in at about 4% demand for housing may rise some as some people try to lock in better rates before they go much higher.  




 I don't blame them. This risk is readers, who may already be up to their necks in monthly subscription charges for other content, NYT, Netflix, etc.,  Hulu, Rhapsody, whatever, may resist. Subscription costs are really becoming a burden, but what choice does WaPo have?  

I dumped cable long ago to save money (use DSL) and watch TV via antenna (which is actually pretty good in DC proper) and Internet content. That has helped to offset some the subscription charges. 
 




 Good suggestion - thanks
 




 Good feedback everyone - Thanks 




  Don't see many people using them. But they are appealing.  




 I don't own a car, hence no insurance. I've wondered about the credit card provisions and whether they really do protect you. 




 I have a 20-year old scratched-up, tear-in-the-seat, bike that's beat-up ugly. But it rides and I keep the components in good shape. When parking on the street, I use two U-locks to lock in both tires and thread a cable cord through the seat.  Not that anyone would steal it, I imagine. I've been thinking about buying a new bike. But wonder: Even with two U-locks, what are the odds that it will get stolen or damaged in D.C.? Is it even worth owning a good bike if you lock it from time to time on the street? (I'm not talking overnight, but about running errands, stopping to eat, etc.) I'm considering something like a Tern folding bike. (Something easy to take on travel and store) 




 What do you do for car insurance? I can get a good car rental rate, but end up adding $$ in coverage that can easily double the rental charge. Have a personal umbrella.  




 I don't have a car and absolutely do not miss owning one. DC is an easy city to bike and is getting better. The bus system is good once you figure it out and in many cases faster than dealing with Metro. 

But owning a bike isn't easy. Good bikes are at risk of getting stolen. For around town, and have plans to lock your bike on a street for some hours, recommend a beater, nothing too attractive, and lock both wheels. 

Personally, I think folding bikes are a great option for commuting if you can stash them inside.  




 The lights dimmed, briefly, a couple of times last night in my adams morgan apt.  




 It's more than just spending money. The chips may be U.S. but the interconnects are Chinese tech. The front end system that runs this new system is using a Chinese-made chip, 16 core SPARC. China is planning to build a system with its own chips. It also has its own software 

China is learning and quickly. This isn't just about buying a system, it's about learning to build a very fast system that is also energy efficient and reliable.  




 Facial recognition is the killer app. I could really benefit from something that could remind just who is at the meeting ... 




 This piece by Ross Douthat was short on history. Ten-15 years ago you could buy condos with credits cards, and houses next to Metro at affordable prices. But people began to realize, even before the big defense build-up post 9/11, that DC was way undervalued compared to NY and Boston, and an attractive place to live. Yes, there's a lot of building going on now but much of it is catch-up. DC is becoming the city it should have always been considering the quality of life.  




 No, do what I did and suggest it's about money and getting rid of cars. that will get you down voted to oblivion.  




 The only thing the park snakes sequester are rats. They are virtuous creatures compared to what goes on in the rest of DC.  




 This is about money and the 'war on cars,' nothing more.  




 I don't know how many Vietnam vets still ride in Rolling Thunder. I imagine a good number remain. I have enormous respect for them. Vietnam was a horrible mistake. More than 58,000 U.S. military personnel lost their lives in that war, and many of the survivors weren't treated well upon return. There was no "thank you for your service" stuff that you hear today for the vets. So I don't mind at all Rolling Thunder. Let them turn up their engines and roar into the city, and if that bothers you, you can shove it.  




 I rented a place in Foggy Bottom in 1998 and you could buy a townhouse nearby  anywhere from $160 to $250. I remember seeing one sign in a condo that was almost directly across from the Metro on 24th that said "lease to own." I was actually surprised.  I had just come form the New England, a depressed city up north, and housing there was selling for the same price without access to a Metro, world-class museums, and a great jobs market. DC was incredibly under priced.  




 dcblogs.com/live has a live feed 




 A month of free electricity. 




 Chinatown Express 746 6th Street NW makes homemade noodles, dumplings. The noodle soup is just incredible. I go there two to three times a month.  




 If they are a certain age, then getting them close to a Metro stop is best. I'd recommend a downtown hotel, such as JW Marriott, Hyatt or something like that. Sometimes you can get good rates. The Metro escalators aren't that long, the areas are safe and well patrolled, and there's plenty nearby. Anything near the Portrait Gallery is super.  




 Great reporting by WAMU. 




 I guess my broader point is this: I wish the Washington Times would actually do some reporting on this issue and discover whether standard liability policies provide some protection. That may satisfy this requirement. It would be nice if they did a little work in finding out just where this idea of $250K gun-specific liability policy comes from. Did it arrive out of thin air? If that's the case, then it seems really hard for the council to impose a requirement that can't be satisfied.  




 I worry for Tumblr. Making an intelligent acquisition is not the same thing as doing something intelligent with it.  




 I love how the Washington Times puts this as "prohibitively expensive" and then launches into a rant. It makes no effort to look into the issue. Wouldn't personal umbrella policies protect from the jerks who accidentally blow holes through their condo walls? If you have auto insurance, it's already a really good idea to spend an extra $200-$300 a year on an $1 million umbrella policy, considering the cost of medical care.    




