 I'm sure this film won't be a rushed poorly planned mess at all 




 I'm not a Kristen Wiig hater, but she looks really lame in this. A female doppelganger version of a male character is such a tired unfunny cliche. I thought the trailer was pretty funny and made the movie look promising, but that part made me groan. I hope it's a small part. 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nikQY7Q_lj4 




 I'm still not sold on Aaron Taylor Johnson. The rest of the cast is absolutely brilliant but I've never really liked Johnson.  




 I think that's supposed to be Las Vegas 




 We Australians really don't have any big international pop culture icons at all. But Mad Max was different. Mad Max was revolutionary, and has gone down in pop culture history. All current post apocalyptic fiction is based in some way on Mad Max. 

Mad Max was our culture's biggest contribution to the larger pop culture universe. And to just ignore a huge part of the character and fiction is just so pointless and silly. Why take away such an important aspect of Mad Max to just make him a typical gravelly voiced American protagonist? 

Mad Max was one of the biggest, if not the most important, pop culture icon we had, it's kind of offensive to try to mess that up.  




 He means he's keeping his old console as opposed to trading them in/selling them when he gets a PS4 or XBone 




 I know this probably will never happen, but as someone who never had a PS3 and who lives in an area with shitty internet where Gaikai probably won't ever be practical, and also being kinda OC about my games looking nice on my shelf, this would be a dream. 



















 Don't ever stop posting stuff  




 But Steven Spielberg didn't direct Skyfa.... oohhhhh 




 Never even heard of Raiju or Scunner before. Do we have a name for the flying Kaiju? It didn't appear here. 




 Dismantled a speeding train killing Ras. Drove his tumbler head first into a garbage truck killing the driver. Tackled Harvey off a ledge, killing him. Fired his bat plane machine guns into the cabin of a truck, killing Talia and the driver. Plus he ordered a bunch of hardly armed cops to run into a barricade of heavily armed mercenaries while he was safe in his jet, as opposed to taking his jet straight to the bomb with the anti-blow up device he gave to elderly Gordon to take care of. He also exploded an entire cliff side castle, killing the fake Ras and who knows how many other ninjas.  




 Superman has the same no kill rule. Batman killed like ten people throughout the Nolan trilogy. 




 Whoa thanks. It really does sound like a fun concept. I really hope it lives up to the potential. 




 Hmmm. That seems kinda generic and disappointing. 

I was never super keen on the idea of the hand to hand combat. The car battles and open world wasteland were what were appealing to me. Did the car battle seem over the top and fun and disregarding the laws of physics like Just Cause? Did it seem like you could have done lots of crazy stuff during the car battle, and that the player has lots of control over the shooting and harpooning, or was it fairly scripted?

I heard a dev say the map was as big as Just Cause 2 and filled with side missions and random encounters and stuff to do, so maybe there might still be some potential when the game is further along.

Super bummed about there not being any Australian accents though. I'm still really interested in the game but it seems a lot less impressive than I was hoping. 




 Chopper is up there too 




 I'm super interested in this game, and I'm surprised not more people on Reddit are as well. It sounds fantastic and fun, an open world post apocalyptic action game in the Mad Max universe from the creators of Just Cause. Apparently there's a demo people have seen, but I'm finding it really hard to find anything about it.

My most important question is are the characters Australian or not

We Australians don't have a lot of internationally known pop culture icons, so it'd be a shame if Max became another gravelly voiced American.

EDIT: Just noticed in the trailer that Max gets out of the right side of his car, not the left, that could be a good sign that this game is set in Australia, despite the American accent of the dude on the ground. 




 Once my old man saved up and bought a real nice car. It was a Holden Monaro, the nicest bloody car he had ever owned. In fact the only car he had ever owned that wasn't a banged up old ute. He had a DVD player put in the dash, and that night me and him sat in the carport in his Monaro and watched The Castle together. We couldn't have food or drink in the car but the seats were very comfy and reclined a fair bit. It was fantastic. I will always have fond memories of this movie because of that. 




 That is so awesome. Looks very Alex Ross-ish 




 Characters better be Australian 




 Really interested in seeing some stuff for Wolfenstein and the Evil Within 




 This new Joker designs reminds me of Lee Bermejo's Joker. I like it. 




 Well they made a point of saying all the cops that were chasing them were the corrupt cops on the villain's payroll. I dunno how they could have confirmed that information but that's how the movie justified it.
Plus there was a lot of destruction but we didn't see any civillians getting crushed by the safe. Just a lobby and a bunch of parked cars. 




 I hope it looks a bit more polished by launch 




 Oh wow, I didn't realize how advanced the Eye was. I thought it was just a tracker thing for the lightpad in the controller. It's pretty much a Kinect. That's cool. 




 Textures look rough 




 Rabbit eared cop? How about a dog nosed cop? 




 Fast   Furious 7 will surely be ten times as ridiculously awesome 




 They said that online multiplayer requires PS+, but that all disc based games would not require online in any way. 




 No, online multiplayer requires Playstation Plus. It says it right there in this video. It was also on the big screen during the presentation. 




 The script was all Goyer. Nolan's name is just there for marketing. 




 The David Fincher one would be freakin perfect  




 I think he's way better than Nolan North 




 This poster has certainly peaked my interest for this film. Do we have a trailer? 




 I dunno, the first half of that trailer seemed way too cartoonish  




 Incest 9/11 rape black people 




 Apparently there's a smaller rural airport in the north east of the map, and also a military base, which may or may not have an airstrip for jets.  




 As a half English half Australian guy I am okay with this 




 For me the Wilhelm scream only works when it's in an appropriate movie, and it seems to just suit "adventure" movies. Indiana Jones, Star Wars, The Mummy, Star Trek, Jurassic Park, Pirates of the Caribbean, and old school western style movies. The Wilhelm scream would feel fine and at home in any of those kinds of movies. Hearing it in a horror movie or serious action movie is weird to me.  




 How much would figures like this cost? 




 I am confused by its arms  




 It was pretty much all plot set up and character introductions, and I was shocked that the monster was revealed so quickly with no real scary build up or anything, but what they're setting up seems cool and has lots of potential. Plus its only issue one, and it seemed like a really short issue one at that. Can't really judge it yet. Snyder is one of my favorite writers and I trust he has some crazy shit up his sleeve, so ill definitely be reading the whole thing. 




 I'm pretty sure we've seen that gun Michael is using before, but without the sight on it. I am so excited for customization.  




 I don't know if anyone has heard of the game BC, but I was so insanely hyped for it several years ago. It was an open world caveman and dinosaurs RPG, and it was my dream game. It looked brilliantly fun and over the top and stylized and everything my young dinosaur-obsessed mind wanted from a game. But then it never came out, and it broke my heart. I've never really gotten over it.

But now this game comes along. I don't want to get too excited because it's clearly not the same and I have to be realistic in my expectations, but my god am I ever pumped for this.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BC_(video_game)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POZEB-H_k_0
http://au.gamespot.com/bc/ 




 Joaquin Phoenix, Benicio Del Toro, Reese Witherspoon, Owen Wilson, Jena Malone, Martin Short and Sean Penn

Now Josh Brolin.

What an amazing cast. I so badly need Hoffman to be the final cherry on top. There's even a character in the book he'd be perfect for.  




 That it won't eventually come out on next gen consoles. This game looks perfect to me, aside from the small graphical/technical issues that come with the game being a bit too ambitious for current gen. Things like rough textures, anti aliasing, frame rate drops and pop in are all something that we have to deal with in current gen open world games, and even though they don't ruin the game, it's a shame that it comes out so close to the release of a console that would fix those issues.

Plus I'm not sure how well they can plan to continue supporting the game with DLC and mutliplayer if everyone's off playing the new consoles. 




 I really doubt Rockstar would go that silly with it 




 Alright that sounds pretty cool  




 How would Batman survive traveling at Flash speeds? 

Also the art in this series seems to be on a steady downward trajectory...  




 What? I know. And I said I didn't miss it. 




 That happens like 4 times in the first movie  




 As much as the whole underwater thing is really cool, I can't actually imagine going down there too often, and I'd rather have that extra space go to a more dense detailed city and extra content. I didn't miss going underwater at all in GTA IV.  




 I remembering loving this game and thinking it was the coolest thing back in the day. 

I went back and replayed it a couple months ago.

It uh... wasn't great 




 Yusuf was by far my favourite character from GTA 4 and the episodes 




 Jekyll and Hide. It's okay. Has some really cool Two Face backstory, but tries way too hard to be dark and gritty and just ends up kinda silly, like this picture. 
Jekyll and Hide also features that scene that's been posted around of Batman kicking someone in the head while they eat ice cream. 




 I'm hoping that's a hologram or vision of his father and not the real thing. Superman speaks with his father through computer holograms/visions/in the afterlife lots of times before as we have seen, so that'd be fine, but surely they wouldn't change the mythos to make him alive, and then spoil it in a trailer 




 I play original Xbox games on my 360 just as much as I play 360 games.
Burnout 3, Destroy All Humans, Vice City, San Andreas, Psychonauts... 




 I think this is pretty spot on, but I feel like the land area at the top of the map will be a little bigger than it is here. 




 I don't know enough to decide if this is more accurate or not, but it seems that this one makes Los Santos seem a little bigger, so I like this one. 




 Most Wanted gameplay with Underground level customization will make me buy it 




 I knew the city wouldn't be HUGE, and that the map is mostly countryside and whatnot, but this is still smaller than I was expecting.  




 RDR and Max Payne had similar stuff  




 RDR had an indestructible horse and a 25% faster dead eye recharge as preorder incentives  




 Wait, did they just accidentally reveal some of the map 




 Your wife makes you sleep on the couch?

Hahaha  




 Aw man, I actually don't think I'd be able to handle a game where I could potentially get all my adorable baby badgers killed if I fuck up 




 Burnout 3! My favourite racing game of all time.

Burnout 2, Burnout Revenge and Burnout Paradise are also pretty great. 




 Wasn't the first poster for this film just a list of all the names of the pubs 




 I hope a lot of people switch over to the PS4. Not because I'm a fanboy or hate Microsoft or anything, it'll just be nice to have more friends to play the PlayStation with. 




 Whoa, we're starting to get some pretty major looking spoilers in these clips and trailers now 




 Wait... Robots?

I thought it was going to be more body snatcher alien type stuff. That's... strange.

I'm sure it'll still be great. 




 I get my posters from this site. Never had any problems  




 Do we know if Sony is doing a similar thing?
I'm assuming their games will be also installing to the Hard Drive. Maybe the disc itself will act as the game ownership license? Like you still install the game, but you can't play it without simply having the disc in the machine, as opposed to an online pass or key code thing. That would certainly solve the problem and make it act basically the same as physical disc games do now. 




 Does anyone know how Sony is handling this stuff? I'm assuming their games will be also installing to the Hard Drive. 
Maybe the disc itself will act as the game ownership license? Like you still install the game, but you can't play it without simply having the disc in the machine, as opposed to an online pass or key code thing. That would certainly solve the problem and make it act basically the same as physical disc games do now. 




 Agreed. It's totally a cool idea I guess, but it's not really necessary and I hope they don't spend the entire second act trying to form/repair a relationship and overcome each other's inner demons or traumatic memories. That could get way too cheesy, even for a movie as intentionally cheesy as this. 




 I'm more excited for a JJ Abrams directed Star Trek 3 than a JJ Abrams directed Star Wars 7.

His new Star Trek films are solid fun entertainment. The Star Wars franchise has been a mess for too long for me to be interested in more films 




 They don't look anything alike 














 It's purposefully cheesy though, if that makes it any better  




 Fuck you Sam was a hero  




 Meh, I didn't really like show nearly as much  




 Wank means masturbate. A wanker would be the UK/Australian equivalent of a jerk-off  




 Are the action sequences long?

Do we get to see a lot of Kaiju destroying cities and people in the ground running action or is it all Kaiju fighting Jaegers?

How's Ron Perlman?

Is it funny?

How many action set pieces are there? I've heard the big finale takes place in Hong Kong, and that's what's mostly been shown in the trailers, and then the opening action scene takes place in San Francisco. Is this accurate? Are there any more? Is there a big fight in Sydney like in the poster? 




 I always thought Incinerate was so much cooler than Devils Kiss 




 As much as the whole underwater thing is really cool, I can't actually imagine going down there too often, and I'd rather have that extra space go to a more dense detailed city and extra content. I didn't miss going underwater at all in GTA IV.  




 I've heard that the actual city of Los Santos itself is not that much bigger than GTA IV, if at all, but with all the countryside, mountains, Blaine county, underwater areas and rural towns, it adds up to 5 times the size of RDR. 3.5 times not including underwater areas. 




 That seems strange, since Pacific Rim, another film about a war against giant Kaiju monsters, also being released by Legendary Pictures, also contains a scene in which San Fran is destroyed. 




 All I want is free roam and some sort of heist mode like in Kane and Lynch 




 The only thing I'm not keen on is the weird monster design 




 This is blowing my mind 




 Obviously Kavinsky has his own radio station, so we got our awesome techno electro stuff there.

A country station is confirmed, as is a classic rock station.

I think we can assume there'll be at least one hip hop station. Maybe a classics and a newer station.

And even thought R* hasn't mentioned it Lazlow will surely return for his talk show.

News shows will surely be back as they were in GTA 4.

Radio Gaga is in there, that might be on the classic rock station. But, hopefully, the classic rock station will be a bit more 'rock'ish and Radio Gaga will be appearing on a Vice City FM type station.

There were a lot of unreleased songs for a Metal station in Lost and Damned, so hopefully we'll get some of those here.

I know R* doesn't like to repeat songs (at least to my knowledge) but I hope Free Bird shows up again.
 




 Yeah in the seconds leading up the the fence 'mystery' while the narrator is trying to sound all creepy you can clearly see the timestamp jumping around. 




 It'll end with him realizing he's fucked everything up and then going back in time to when he first met the girl and he won't use his time travel powers again, he'll just do things naturally and awkwardly and hope it all works out.

I know it. 




 Gay Tony added some really cool stuff to the radio. Primarily Vice City radio. 




 Yeah I didn't love that one  




 I don't know why you're being down voted. This is accurate. Plus at the end the entire League of Shadows is in Gotham, apparently infiltrating the police force and government, they all know Batman's identity, then at the end Batman kills Ducard and is like "Wellp, that should do it, problem solved!"

I love Batman Begins and Dark Knight, but they both have some significant holes. 




 Aw man I loved that movie. I better not ever watch it again. As I remember its basically Avatar anyway. Which I hated. 




 I thought that scene, the big 'game trail' scene with the motorbikes and jeeps, and the San Diego scene were pretty cool. The rest of the movie as a whole is just terrible. 




 It might be cool to hate on Loeb these days but he used to write some insanely good stories. Long Halloween is my favorite Batman book and its incredibly important and well received as one of the best Batman stories in the character's history. 




 Semi trailers appeared in the second trailer

http://media.gtanet.com/gallery/gta-5-trailer-two/trailer2_012.jpg 




 Meh. That felt like Burnout 3.5, and the fact that you could smash into traffic from behind and not take damage was silly and ruined the thread-the-needle fast reflexes strategy that made those games so fun. 




 Were these made by random people after reading all the recent interviews, or were these made by people who actually saw the game and saw exactly what it looked like? 




 Whoa  




 Wait I thought this guy was in space 




 This isn't Tim   Eric esque, this is just Australia 




