 It's already out here!I loved it! 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEtsMqBfSyg 




 I got very excited with the guest in the season 3 finale.  









 Why are people commenting they haven't seen it yet?


I went to the midnight release last night where it followed the first Avengers and Winter Solider. Watching it in this order definitley improved the experience and there are some little things I definitley wouldn't have noticed if I hadn't seen Winter Solider directly beforehand.

It seemed everyone's problem with the movie would be too many characters but that wasn't a problem for me. My only gripe with the storylines were one pointless tangent that sort of comes back. The movie is structured very similarly to the first Avengers except for the beginning. The movie also had an extremely unexpected ending for me.


It was also very very funny. 




 I'm glad we.. uh.. managed to get it up here. 




 Lot's of Huell Howser videos on youtube for you. 
[This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImpGsMenmSs) one is probably the best and there is a reference to it in Huell Howser's last episode. 




 That cat video is obviously just a sketch ucb comedy made. You can see their watermark underneath the everything is terrible one.  




 Oh wow I just realised how similar the plot seems to be to Dan's pitch. I hope this one has Superman going on holidays to a beach. 




 I feel like press conferences are the new dances at Greendale. We've had three this season so far. 




 Tanks but no thanks. 




 No this is definitely it. They must have forgotten the whole Changnesia thing. 




 Read the question again there mate. 




 The phase never truly leaves you. 




 But our head mod lives in England, doesn't he? 




 Really, let me try mine *********
 




 We play Countdown here in the UK. No Rachel Ryan though :( 









 At least it's not here where there is only rain 24/7. 




 I need to start playing The Sims. 




 Time Bobby
Farts and Procreation 




 It keeps getting posted every 2/3 days. 




 I've never had an ad that was more than 30 seconds long and unskipable. 




 Yep first season is well. One of the first movie homages in the series. Marge has the choice between bowling and Homer.  









 I used to love Scotts fake games so much. David Cross doing Hollywood Facts is one of my favourite moments.

"Have you seriously not realised this is a bit, David?" 









 At what point did you find out the show was going to be a Netflix Original? Did this change your role on the show much? 














 I stopped watching season 1 but I forget where I was. Can I just jump into whatever episode appears interesting to me or is there a strict continuity in later episodes. I remember the first few episodes being quite form free. 




 It's all about whether you click on it or not. 




 I'm going to say it was this, especially considering she played Paul's wife on it. 




 I mean those early youtube videos you used to watch again and again. 




 It's 5 seconds and then you get to skip it. Who gives a shit what the ads are for if it means money for the creator. Uninstall Adblock. 




 I'm glad to see these changes
 














 Suh-real humour. 









 I con't belieb dat. 




 I con't belieb dat. 




 I con't belieb dat. 




 I con't belieb dat. 




 I con't belieb dat. 




 I con't belieb dat. 




 I con't belieb dat. 




