 Or try these:
http://www.fundacionendesa.org/sites/default/files/imagenes/530_463.JPG
http://www.arteguias.com/imagenes5/catedralflorencia.jpg 




 Don't know why. It's ok for me. Anyway, if you are really interested, google "catedral murcia interior". It's just a cathedral, whatever. 




 I like the reaction of the second guy 




 And you haven't even choose the most annoying Death Grips song. 




 Yeah, I think you are right. I still have some problems with english sometimes. 




 I once listened to Guillotine on my ipod while I was visiting the cathedral at my town. It's quite monumental and peaceful and has a lot of history behind it. The contrast between the violence and profanity of DG and the sanctity and peace of the church was very interesting.

The cathedral looks like this in the inside:
http://harte.hol.es/wp/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/INTERIOR-DE-LA-CATEDRAL-DE-LE%C3%93N.jpg 




 Not always. There was a time when you could find really funny and creative sites there. Some people put great effort on their creations. People left a lot of comments and interacted. There was imagination. I could spend hours and hours there. Yesterday I went there and downvoted almost everything. It's a shame. 




 I wonder the same thing. 




 Yeah, but now is a shit hole. The sites aren't funny at all, just random stuff put together. No interesting ideas. No creativity. I suspect now is populated only by teenagers.

It's a shame. Ytmnd used to be an important part of one phase of my life. 




 http://ibmwmfitus.ytmnd.com/

Are you ok with Ytmnd? Or are you gonna give me the "go back to ytmnd" like in 4chan?

Also, the sound is not perfectly looped. I'm sorry.

 




 I think the streetlight picture is something they have in their archive since a long time ago and have used it several times. They just recylced it for the Powers that B cover. 




 I don't like it. It's very boring compared to other DG covers, wich have a background story. And at least TMS is an illustration. There is nothing special about this one. I'd like to have something more shocking, beautiful or complex in my record collection. It's  just a photoshopped streetlight. Anyway, at this moment is quite iconic yet. 




 Looks good. It makes itself a good summary of their carrer. 




 I think Stefan just writes the lyrics in a stream of thought style, dictated by his subconscious, and sometimes surreal and funny things come to the surface. 




 And what is the softest Stefan has whispered? 




 I heard "mommy" the first time too. 




 Don't forget classics like:

"Teaching bitches how to swim"

"The table's flipped, now we got all the coconuts, bitch!" 




 I thought he meant DG making the album and then having to wait 9 months for the fans to listen to it. 




 I'm sure Death Grips get some inspiration in some way in Aleisteir Crowley and Magick.  




 I don't get it 




 Why we shouldn't? Isn't it his artistic nickname? Maybe I'm missing something. 




 I think I feel your interpretation. In this life, you have a lot of sources and people around you telling you what to do, what are the rules, how you are... So many information in contradiction that finally you only have your own conclusions. You have to make a decision, to choose a theory, a path and a plan. 




 Dude, my city is full of these things. Do you want pictures? I can give you hundreds of them. 




 I'm not partially, but totally joking. How could Steffan think he is ugly? He is obviously gorgeous. I'd fuck him if I was a girl. 




 You know. Being so ugly you break mirrors just reflecting your face on them.

Just think about it. 




 Damn. Things go fast. 




 Yeah. I found it. It's now in my record wishlist.

https://www.pinterest.com/oruga/records-wishlist/ 




 Thanks 




 Where can i get this? 




 Well, I don't like to give my money to this pirates instead to the original artists but I admit this is something I'd like to have in my collection. Price? Link? 




 I listened and enjoyed this album just as I had planned: playing it in my iPod, walking on the streets at night. 




 Bootlegs? Isn't the official lp available? 




 It has become one of my favorites too. And in part is thanks to this sub and the interpretations of the lyrics I read here. I think couldn't have seen the references to suicide and depression in the lyrics by my self. You all made me experience this song in a special way. 




 I think this sub is gonna be still active. Probably DG are gonna tour and make new stuff in the future, and we will talk about it. Maybe we won't be as active as the period between Notm and Jenny Death, but it will be ok. It will be fun. 




 Yeah, share it with us. Sounds cool. 




 That describes Death Grips in general 




 What's the name of this noise artist again? 




 /I get paid by the universe

Favorite line, no doubt. 




 https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/8b/a2/66/8ba26655c505c73c7f6be5d5ceefa4fc.jpg 




 Yeah, I've seen that video. He makes some funny expressions but nothing interesting. 




 Books, cute girls, internet, music, practicing with my band, poetry, books, BDSM, illustration, mechas, collecting records, role playing, Counter Strike. 




 Do you think the magician was high while performing the tricks? I thinks DG have experimented with drugs in some of their videos, like Pillbox Hat, where I'm sure Stefan took some hallucinogen that made him experiment through various emotional states.

Maybe this is something that they found cool. "Hey, get high and try to perform your tricks. We will record you for our next video". Maybe that's the reason why some of the tricks are so poorly performed. 




 Great thread 




 Does that guy make something interesting besides reaction videos? I'm not interested in reaction videos at all. 




 Don't worry. I suppose they feel ok about the memes and shit. An artist must be ready for all kind of reactions between his public, and humour is not the worst of them.

If they have ever read about somebody listening to their music and feeling like destroying stuff, they should feel satisfied. 




 I've just masturbated and watching this now is perfect for post-orgasm. Very relaxing. 




 The second one look like some Adventure Time character lol 




 How much has magick influenced your work as a band? 




 OK. Sounds like a coherent answer for me, in a way. 




 Are you quoting some of their lyrics or giving me an answer? I'm not sure. 




 Sometimes I fantasize about them giving all the answers and explanations in "Death Grips: the documentary". What was their ideology. How they did things. What does their music mean. What was the concept behind their "conceptual art". 




 I'm not going to listen to this snippets. I'm gonna save the hype for the release. I wanna feel again like when NLDW was dropped, having a whole unknown album ahead for me to listen. 




 This guys love to throw themselves into things. Bushes, trash bags, washing machines... 




 Are you me? 




 I hope they sample this and get it somewhere in Jenny Death 




 Is the campaign "The masks of Nyarlathotep"? 




 I support this idea 




 This was my ringtone for a while too. Now that I listen to it again I feel that typical anxiety phonecalls always give me. 




 Perfectly looped, i must say 




 I got the  nasty
in my bus 




 Yeah, i'v seen footage. Since they made that music video I can only relate it to pool parties. 




 I play with my friends every friday night at 18:00 GMT +2 /CET 




 It's like they were trying to say there were no space for love for them then, just for music and pure energy and rage. 




 http://www.gigposters.com/poster/123621_Black_Flag.html

Is a flyer by Raymond Pettibon, for a Black Flag show. 




 Youtube can do some stupid things about copyright sometimes. I know about a guy that uploaded a video singing a song of his own authorship and was censored. Twice. 




 There was a thread about this before.

http://www.reddit.com/r/deathgrips/comments/1wrq1y/sample_from_culture_shock/

There is a broken link to the site Lightworkers, something about Ashtar Sheran. I looked for it in YouTube and, man, it just blew my mind. There is wacko stuff there. 




 The Money Store. I am an illustrator and love illustrations. 




 Because you like dicks? 




 Jennys? Gripheads? 




