 I work in an R D lab... You're right, it probably is the custodian performing an experiment and settling the over/under debate once and for all.  














 If you don't have one, make a duplicate of your car key. You'll want to let it run for a few minutes before you drive off in the morning. Nothing sucks more than locking your keys in the car at 5am when its -10. Also look for a place with off street parking if possible - this is key if you're moving to the Portland area.  During heavy storms all cars must be removed from street parking to clear the road for plows and it can be a major hassle to find a spot.  




 Not going to lie, I'll throw in some Austrian Death Machine for a laugh or two. But if we're talking about just sweet jams that put us in a good mood - I've been digging Vildhjartas Mastaaden album.  









 Howdy! Just curious - how do you all typically store your iaito after practice, specifically, the sageo? Does it differ from post dojo or post home practice? I'll usually wrap a neat loop around the midpoint of the saya with a slipknot as we wrap up at the dojo, but I'll do a cho musubi after home practice. The difference is mostly time. What do you all do and why?
 




 Last night was date night and I surprised the better half with a show in Portland. Vivid Motions production [Thug](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WXF_rui1ZWM). It is a 'dance theater' that tells the all-too-real story of a kid in Portland who grows through death, abuse, and mental illness. It was absolutely stellar; If you're looking for something to do this weekend certainly check this out! 




 $2 margaritas at Molly's 




 New Hamshire is Shall-Issue to residents. Unless she filed for State residency I don't believe that they would have to issue one any way. I grew up in West Lebanon/Hanover NH (Where Dartmouth is) and it is surprising rough in certain parts; big heroin problem. A few years back some junky was calling for pizza deliveries and robbing the delivery drivers at gun point... on Dartmouth campus and throughout town.  




 Senior year of high school I asked my best friend to go to prom with me. She said 'yes' so I started making plans and when I told her what time I'd pick her up she was shocked. It turns out that she said "if my current date falls through, then yes"... I had two days to find a new date and successfully convinced my best friend that I'm an idiot. We didn't go to prom together, but, we've since been together for 8 years. 




 Not about to open the link while sitting next to my SO; BUT after seeing all of the hatebreed mention with no luck has anyone checked crowbar or kingdom of sorrow? Both are jami jasta side projects and are lyrically darker than hatebreed 




 Maine
 




 Well opposable thumbs are pretty sweet.  









 0.9999999=1 
*1/3=.3333
*2/3=.6666
*3/3=1... BUT.33333+.66666=.99999

I get it mathematically, I get the asymptote but .99999 DOES NOT EQUAL 1

Edit: formatting 




 Shave my head and whack him with a machette 




 Mountains, ocean, and killer breweries
 




 Oh hot damn. I am sorry to do this to you reddit... I bring you [Tom's Diner](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-26hsZqwveA) 




 when you figure out which will lead to peace 




