 Understanding math concepts helps build critical thinking skills. 




 Lime prices have risen from $.50 or so a lime  to $1.50. Is that enough evidence?  




 It is harder in this country to register and vote than to purchase a gun. 




 Bob Murray who is leading this fight is as anti-union as they come and a Tea Party supporter to boot. 




 The state has responsibility to treat all prisoners with dignity and honor no matter how heinous their crime. The state is not a criminal we are supposed to be better than that. 

You can tell the quality of a country and its people by the way it treats, the poor, the disabled, the mentally fragile, the different and the criminals. We have a responsibility to force the state to treat those on the edges of society the way we would want to be treated. 




 It is not the role of the state to stoop to the level of the murderer. 




 This is state sponsored murder. 




 Is that because the Russians don't want to spoil their Cinco de Mayo celebrations. 




 So you reject the basis for all English based legal systems? 




 "It is better that ten guilty persons escape than that one innocent suffer",

...as expressed by the English jurist William Blackstone in his seminal work, Commentaries on the Laws of England, published in the 1760s.

This is the basis of our legal system. So 96 percent is just not good enough. 




 Here is a [copy of the report.](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/report-appeals-court-judges-violated-ethics-laws) 




 Here is a [copy of the report.](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/report-appeals-court-judges-violated-ethics-laws) 




 A 2,000-year-old stonemasons chisel that may have been used in the construction of Jerusalems Western Wall has been unearthed at the bottom of the structure along with a number of Second Temple-era objects, claims an Israeili archaeologist

This is the lead paragraph of the story. The headline does not match the story.  




 The title is the first sentence of the AP story. 




 May be they will get there wish and secede. 




 I have used all my five free Dispatch stories for the month so this is not an option.  




 What do Badgercrats want to do? Establish the People's Republic of Madison (Wisconsin) or join socialist Canada, neither seems to be what they are looking for. /s  




 The story says more than 90% of Swiss workers make more that the proposed new minimum wage. 




 Now the crescendo of Republicans saying we're not racists. If it walks like a duck, talks like a duck it's a duck.

Until the GOP takes positive actions to remove racists from their ranks they will have to live with this analysis. 




 I guess the US constitution is not the constitution that governs Louisiana. 




 The only one worth impeaching is Cruz but I don't see where his actions have violated the Constitution. 




 That is because the Australian system is built to encourage voting and the US system is more and more about excluding voters. 




 President Obama saying the US will never forget 911 would not be world news. 




 Even if the tax liability is less then $2.4 billion, the idea that a company could can stash $8 billion in profits earned in US out of the reach of the government for whatever reason is an important story. 




 There are three types of ethics stories: it's illegal; it's unethical: it ought to be illegal or unethical. This story certainly falls into the third category. 




 The $8 billion is profits diverted. The $2.4 billion is the taxes that would have been paid on the $8 billion.  




 Or there will be a call to return to voting privileges for male property holders. 




 When GOP can not win using the current rules they just change the rules. This is what Republicans mean when they talk about democracy. 




 Isn't it amazing that Borowitz is so much smarter then Issa. 




 The headline I used was the original story headline when I posted the story. 




 Thanks. Sorry I posted the story. i will remove. 




 Thanks for replying on your cake day. 




 Sam Brownback 




 This is what the right would say is a win-win. Usually when this phrase is used it means the rich wins and everyone else loses (they say win). 




 This bill doesn't have a chance outside of the House. This bill is not about winning but currying favor with the mineral and energy extraction industries. It does put the GOP firmly in the anti-park and preservation camp. 




 So employers should be allowed to bar African-Americans  or other people of color because of their religious beliefs? That is the logical extension of your reasoning. 




 The idea they will serve no jail time will serve notice to others that the destruction of ancient formations are punishable with a slap on the wrist.

Let the vandalism begin. /s 




 McConnell and dignity aren't usually mentioned in the same sentence. 




 Making thousands on tens of thousands of trades adds up. 




 It is cheating to the GOP when you use the law to combat Republican attacks on poor people. 




 Republicans only support states rights when they agree with the states. 




 You know that is racist. 




 The Arab Spring was about opening up the political process to opposing views. The return to autocratic rule by the military has arrested the gains made during the last three years.  




 Iraq's close relations with Iran may mean they or their allies may get some of these weapons. Also Iraq move to a more authoritarian government seems to indicate that the weapons may end up being used on political opponents not supposed "terror organizations." 




 This is not going to turn out well. 




 It seems obvious but the idea that one party, the Republicans, are fighting to maintain that inequality should galvanize the rest of us to fight like hell to end that gap. 




 Kentucky has a strong tradition of trade unions even though they are a border state. 




 The OP supports US troops leaving.  




 Rand Paul is like a broken clock, he is right twice a day.  




 Karzai will be gone before Dec. 31st. No reason for him to stay and risk the millions if not billions he already stole. 




 The other NRA. 




 The chances of US forces "liberating" Crimea are none and never. 




 It didn't rocket back up until the Taliban was out of power. 




 The fields the Taliban closed down when they were in charge. 




 I hope we get out because of the human lives we have maimed and killed. 




 This has become part of the Pentagon's mission statement. 




 The South Koreans want us the Afghans don't. 




 We won't let the door hit us in the ass as we leave.  




 You bought the Kool-Aid. The ad was made to scare Ohioans into thinking that Jeep was going to switch production to China. All the fact checking organizations gave this ad a false rating. 

Lie of the year 2012:
http://www.politifact.com/virginia/article/2012/dec/13/lie-year-romney-campaigns-ad-jeeps-made-china/

 




 The class waging warfare is the rich.  




 The wealthiest nation in the world should deny quality healthcare to its  poorest citizens. /s 

That makes a lot of sense.
 




 Unless than women wants a abortion or demands equal rights. 




 Yes, the Democrats are standing up to the Koch's but they need to standup to more of the monied interests that have been whittling away at safety, health and environmental regulations. 




 This is the slippery slope that was talked about when we ramped up security post 9-11. The CIA is prohibited from spying in the US and forget about the Senate. 




 Another blew against those who believe there is no pay inequality for women. 




 I don't think having a gun would solve this situation, unless you're talking about killing a law enforcement officer. That wouldn't be the the smartest solution. 




 And somehow CCA is more accountable. CCA has been running a hellhole of a prison in Idaho for years and the government is just now getting around to investigate them. 




 It is nice the Border Patrol decided to join the 21st century. The days of shooting rock throwers in the US ended decades ago, I thought. 




 To Republicans John McCain and Mitt Romney are moderates. 




 Pussy Riot was making a political statement about the role of the church in the "new" Russia. 




 Being famous. However, they are not in it for the money. Once again they are political performance artists not recording stars. 




 That can only mean they're in it for the money. s/

If they were money motivated they could have left Russia come to the US or UK and made a bundle. They did not. They are more political than musical. 




 Pussy Riot is not doing this for publicity they are political performance artists. This is about social commentary. 




 This is just one more attack on copyright laws.

Edited: Misspelled copyright 




 They don't sell albums they are political performance artists. 




 I don't know if most Russians are barbarians but most are afraid of any more change. They made one change in the last thirty years, a second change would be extremely hard. Pussy Riot is at the forefront of the next wave. 




 I don't know if that is the question.  Given the choice of standing idly by or fighting for what they believe in they have chosen the later. By leaving they would never have any influence over how Russia turns out. 




 But would you leave where you live if "far right authoritarians" took over power? One can flee or fight. Pussy Riot has chosen to fight and we should applaud them for their bravery. 




 They stay because they are not willing to leave the land that they love to the "far-right, authoritarian(s)" Would you? 




 Happy Cake Day! 




 It is popular among cultural snobs to dislike ComFest. They see themselves as being so much cooler than the event. What they forget is ComFest is whatever you want it to be.  




 Fat chance. Duke Energy runs NC along with Art Pope. Probably the best that can be expected is another fine. Hopefully the fine will be significant but somehow I doubt it.  




 The Chilean military was working with the US military before and after the coup. Please understand without US support there would not have been a coup. 




 Still no indictments but the legal fines are starting to mount. 




 It seems r/politics believes that once you lose your race for Governor you are no longer doing anything political. 




 Good to see Ken Cuccinelli landed on his feet. /s 




 A lot less impressive than the price tag. 




 Allende presente! 




 This is another Ham boondoggle. He is using the local government to lower his interest rate and then building an Ark which at best would be valued in the millions not multi-millions. 




 As we know US intelligence is always accurate. The fact that he is acting behind the scenes leads to real questions if he is who the US says he is. Killing him is the easy way out not the best way. 




 I find your use of the term "backwater ape" to be an offensive choice of wording at best and racist at worse. I'd hope you'd reconsider your comment. 




 Yes, cars have been a public health issue. That is why air bags and seat belts were added. Manufacturers added other safety features to make vehicles safer because so many people died using their product. 




 It is always something other than the guns. When so many people stop dying from guns it will not be a public health issue. 




 Will they change their minds if Gov. Brewer vetoes the bill? The actions of the legislature on this and other issues should make the Hispanic National Bar decide to stay home veto or not. 




 If one was looking for a worse case scenario, I'd choose a school district police force with AR-15s and school kids. 




 It is news to the GOP. 




 Not the case with Cruz but is true about W. 




 You are correct but not many are down right stupid. Many may lack common sense or well developed deductive reasoning but they have something upstairs to be at Harvard. 




 It is not that Harvard educated Cruz is not intelligent but rather that he is more interested in moving the GOP to the right than trying to prove that he is the smartest guy in the room. 




 These facts have had little impact on far-right and the conservative religious community in the US. 




 That's correct but the use of scientists to somehow verify his position is quite unusual. I know he is looking for a way out but the opposition will see thru his charade. 




 What plausible theory about homosexuals would call for their imprisonment?  




 What do scientists have to do with homosexuality? 




 This is what the GOP is best at deregulation. 




 The "may have" relates to the number of dead not the fact that civilians were killed. 




 This is the confirmation of those reports. 




 Stop talking sense. Where would libertarians be without conspiracies about the Fed, detention camps and the Trilateral Commission? 




 Not quite sure that this journalism or propaganda but it certainly will have some impact on newsgathering. 




 Then they don't want to be in the EU. It is their choice but I'm sure their economy will take a big hit if they ditch the EU. 




 To some a mystery is only made better by spinning it into a conspiracy.  




 I don't know if  this is an accounting issue but a contractual issue. More than likely the contract CCA has with Idaho calls for a minimum number of correctional officers on duty at a given time. These accounting errors allowed CCA to pay less in guard time than their contract called for. 




 Since the system is Linux based that is really possible. To go one step further in spy v. spy mode program in your adversaries facial features so if he captures the weapon he would shoot himself. 




 Thanks 




 This is the first sentence of the story. I did no editoriaiizing. Are you saying phys.org editorialized? If so can I resubmit under its original title Clever technology decodes more information from single photons 




 Would he say Jews are overly sensitive about the Holocaust?

EDITED: Grammar 




 [A new story this evening](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/apnewsbreak-nc-delays-coal-ash-deal-duke) shows the NC environmental agency was just about to settle fines for the Dan River spill for just under 100K.They are pulling their settlement. 




 Please take your bigotry someplace else. 




 This is not extraordinary news but how many people thought that Afghan forces would deteriorate this badly before the US forces left the country. 




 At some point he will have to answer the question if he wants to President. Better that he answers the question two years before the primaries not in the middle of the election. 




 Didn't hurt dope fiends Bush, Clinton and Obama become president. 




 No one is questioning him for being a hypocrite but rather that in 2014 he could not say he smoked. Presidents Clinton, Bush and Obama all have admitted smoking.  Who cares if a Senator from Florida smoked a joint? 




 Why it so hard for politicians to admit they smoked? They are living in the 1980s not the 21st century. 




 After the 4th if the Republicans gain control of the Senate their insanity will reach new heights. 




 And all African-Americans are lazy and all Jews are cheap. /s 




 Are the Europeans saying they will allow "too big to fail" banks to go under? 




 I's like to see a separate Environmental Justice category. Am I missing solar, wind and nuclear power? Where would cutting edge technologies like thermal and tidal fit in? I would also like a category for activism. 




 This my comment I posted to the story about their tagging:

This is the story's exact quote:

In 2006, Mactec, an independent contractor, inspected the waste pond and found "potentially serious seepage." Duke Energy was told to watch its underground pipes for leaks, according to documents from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency

Do you have any issues with my story headline?
 




 This is the story's exact quote:

In 2006, Mactec, an independent contractor, inspected the waste pond and found "potentially serious seepage." Duke Energy was told to watch its underground pipes for leaks, according to documents from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency

Do you have any issues with my story headline? 




 The Olympics are already a fantasy. We should be able to see the games warts and all. 




 The Republican credo: When you can not win within the rules, change the rules.  




 Sorry I didn't see it in the new queue or on the front page.

 




 Don't be sexist Palin/Ford. Isn't Canada the 51st state? /s 




 Once a buffoon always a buffoon. 




 How much money have the Republicans returned to corporate criminals like Bob Murray, the Koch brothers or Art Pope? This is just another Rand Paul political ploy to get him on TV. 




 We're too interested in Chris Christie, Sochi and Philip Seymour Hoffman. If only some celebrity or sporting event was happening in North Carolina people would be more interested. 




 Actually, yes. They did look similar to his art. It's funny, people see a big nose and scream jew. Actually, that's fucking hilarious. People so concerned with walking on eggshells that they make themselves more retarded. 

What makes people look retarded is their attempts to excuse away stereotyping bankers as Jews. This is common imaginary even though most bankers are not Jewish. The idea that you have no sensitivity to the stereotyping says more about you and your political baggage. 




 I don't know how real this bill is or just a ploy to gain for votes for Sen. Vitter in his race for Governor. 




 Republicans have always claimed they are better for the economy even though the data proves this claim false. The problem is many voters believe it is true. 




 Maybe Republicans can now understand the CBO report. I doubt it. They never let the facts get in the way of their talking points.

The other part of these 2.3 million FTE jobs is that that they are not being lost but unfilled. Some of those hours will go to the unemployed lowering even further the unemployment rate. Now that is real scary to the GOP and their talking point that the economy can not and will not improve under a Democrat. 




 If the sides were Lutherans vs. Methodists would you st that? 




 Notice he didn't say he didn't do it but rather he is being targeted for political reasons. 




 Why file charges after he failed to have any impact on the 2012 election? D'Souza seems to be logic challenged. 




 There is no might when you give money to your friends to make campaign contributions in their name to avoid contribution limits. 




 I'm  interested in a felony conviction with some jail time. I think a plea deal will involve no jail time and what message will that send. 




 Please no plea deal. It is time to show these offenders that this is not some joke where the only penalty is a slap on the wrist. These are felonies and those who destroy our parks should be treated as felons. 




 The national media is leading with this story on the nightly news. Christie's ship may have sailed. 




 The battle for the supposed soul of the GOP is staring to heat up again.

EDITED : typo 




 But certainly not below the station of the Koch's to use this opportunity to make political points. The Kochs are public figures so either they should grow a tougher skin or crawl back to where they came from. 




 Here is a [link to the report.](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.3322/caac.21215/abstract) 




 This might be a reason why the board made this decision. [Here is an article showing the corporate conflicts of two of the board members.](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2013-10-29/reef-board-members-in-conflict-of-interest-claims/5052558) 




 Here is the summary from [Science.](http://www.sciencemag.org/content/343/6170/516)
 




 It may be the wrong thing for the country but it is good for mobilizing the GOP base for the 2014 election. Which path do you think the Republicans will choose? 




 The conspiracists believe that the world is run by a cabal while the gullible have not yet fully bought into all the theories.  




 Conspiracists know and look for conspiracies. Gullible people believe it is true but don't necessarily believe that all these conspiracies are tied together in a world view. 




 I've said my piece. 




 There are no conversations just trolling. 




 Another in a long line of offenses done by President Obama which were perfectly fine and necessary under a Republican President. 




 It seems like you don't understand that you are a controversial figure. The way to back down the rhetoric is not to want to lead every subreddit in which your name is mentioned. 

You mod enough communities to gain experience. You do not need to add another one to your belt. 

Other communities may not mind you but there are a significant number that do. But if all you want is a fight then continue to demand to be added to this and every other subreddit that disagrees with you. 




 Why do you have to mod every subreddit that wants to question your motive and intentions? Why not be like any other redditor and engage in discussion without having to have the power?   




 Who knows if u/Luster is not an alt for u/TheRedditPope. All I know is u/luster has a bad attitude, conservative politics and overreaches in trying to stifle his enemies. 




 The idea that you want to be a mod r/politicalmoderation just bolsters the belief that all you are interested in is stifling discussion on Reddit. It doesn't matter how good or bad a moderator you are. By allowing you to mod this site you will successfully mute this community. It seems your only interest is in stopping people from fingering you for the damage you have caused to our communities. 

The name of of this website is Reddit not TheRedditPope. You want influence at this subreddit speak but leave the moderating to others who are more capable and honest. 




 [I read it happened about 4-5 days ago.](http://www.reddit.com/r/PoliticalModeration/comments/1wd6tq/utheredditpope_removed_from_rpolitics_after/) 




 Too bad the thousands who lose food stamps in this bill can not get high on hemp. 




 Here is [Nature's new summary](http://www.nature.com/news/acid-bath-offers-easy-path-to-stem-cells-1.14600) and links to the original article. 




 It better include voter fraud because that is the only way he can win. 




 Run, Donald, Run. We want to see you lose so badly. 




 Why are you getting involved in this discussion? I thought you are no longer a moderator of r/politics. It was pulled but it may be back now to save face. 

Here is the comment made to me by Luster in a response to mod mail.

[I did not remove it, but I agree with its removal](http://www.reddit.com/message/messages/1hy7uq)

You can see Luster later in the thread is looking to ban me for being a shill for the AP, the largest new organization in the US. He doesn't even know how AP works. I have never been paid by AP for writing anything. But facts probably will not be enough to stop the r/politics mods from doing what they are going to do. 




 Or when you've destroyed your target you move on. Please don't let the door hit you in the ass. 




 My comment to them:

The man whose song, We Shall Overcome, was adopted to lead the Civil Rights movement; the man whose songs led the Vietnam War protests; a leader in the struggle for human rights, social justice has died but his death is off-topic for politics. I really don't know what country you live in. This is one insult too many. Please leave the stage now your judgement is flawed. Your rules are inane and your political prejudices are too big.

EDITED: Grammar 




 He was the voice of generations of social activists. While many people may think they don't know Pete's music his obit show that his songs are part of the fabric of the world's musical fabric. He was a giant. He will be missed. Goodnight Pete. 




 From Cuba to South Africa from Selma to San Francisco the world is a little less joyful without Pete. His influence on millions through his activism and music was an inspiration to generations. I know his music will continue to influence millions more for years to come. Goodnight Pete. 




 He certainly didn't fake taking 26 minutes to die.

According to officials that is possible./s 




 They are trying to dump their liability before the lawsuits start 




 And there is no racism because there is no racism within his own family. 




 Thanks for pointing out that some progressive/left sites are not stellar examples of journalism. That doesn't mean they should be banned but they should not dominate r/politics. It is sites like alternet and other fringe left sites that allow the right-wing mods to make false equivalents between left and right websites. There is nothing on the left that is equivalent of breitbart.com or Fox News. 




 Sorry for the sloppy phrasing. Jews were victims and the rich are trying to equate themselves with Jews even though there is not the slightest equivalence. 




 The rich are portraying themselves as victims just like the Jews. This analogy is just despicable.  




 Only if you want to be as irrelevant as Arizona Republicans. 




 What's next Bary Goldwater was a secret Democrat because he once voted in favor of a Democratic bill? 




 Karzai doesn't want to share anymore. He thinks he can make a deal with the Taliban which he cannot make if the US is still in the picture. Good luck with that. 




 [Some of the settlers who rioted in the West Bank town of Hebron over the weekend gave IDF soldiers the Nazi salute, an officer who was wounded during the riots](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3200503,00.html)

and

[Settler acquitted in Nazi salute case](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3719860,00.html)

These are examples. 




 But if the US stays he is afraid that he and his friends could not finish looting the country. 




 The racists come out of the woodwork when Hitler is mentioned. 




 Because a math literate population is not needed in the computer age. 




 Why does it keep happening to Republicans. It is because they have no sensitivity about racial, gender, sexual preference and religious issues. These are not jokes, they never were jokes. These attacks are attempts to stereotype and demean other people. Until you understand this, it will continue to happen especially to Republicans and other like minded conservatives. 




 Far right Jews have used Nazi salutes against moderate Jewish leaders. However, the leaders faced with this provocation never mentioned Hitler. 




 This endless string of apologizes is getting tiresome. When photos like this are not floating around Republican circles they won't be posted. 




