 thats lame as fuck. find a new doctor.  total bullshit man.  sorry to hear that shit.   




 I've had shitty and good ER experiences. Mainly shitty but i'd say its pretty hit or miss and just depends on who is working that shift in the ER. 




 i like peppermint schnapps with just regular coke. 




 lol can't agree with you more yet i am kinda empathetic to the OP. 




 yeah im pretty much in the same boat as you. its hard for me to just have like 3 beers cause i don't like them much so I drink harder stuff and it usually makes me too drunk haha. 




 "I don't know much about beer and dislike the taste of most I've tried. Any recommendations?"  Yeah I have a recommendation- if you don't like it, don't drink it!!  I am not trying to sound/be a dick but if you honestly don't like it just stick to what you like!!  Everyone around where I live loves Sierra Nevada beer.  I have tried it several times but I just don't like it much. Its too heavy of a beer and I agree with you about light beer as I am not a huge beer guy myself and find that stuff easier to drink. I guess a lot of drinks are an acquired taste so I dunno I'm just saying if you have tried to drink beer quite a bit and still don't like it just skip it!!  haha I mean this in the best and nicest way lol.   Good luck in finding the right beer if you choose to keep trying!! 




 I don't go around telling everyone but I don't keep it a secret as well.  I mean it comes up sometimes when I am talking to someone about drugs.  For instance my parents know.  Btw I am on a legal prescription for norcos and I don't use any other drugs not even pot.  I just find that being honest is the best way to go. 




 I think it does.  When I drink wine I get a different feeling than when I drink other liquors. Hard to explain but I do notice a difference.   




 murder city devils 




 just a normal doctor at kaiser who i've been with for about 8 years.  i'm not looking to get into any real heavy stuff but want a modest increase in the medicine i am receiving right now and just a bit worried about bringing it up with her as it might make things worse.  what experiences with pain mgmt have you had? I've never been.... 




 thanks man you too!! it just sucks being young and actually having legitimate pain but getting profiled because you are young!  That's kinda why i was looking for advice/ other peoples stories with this situation because up until here I have only been kinda judged by every doctor i've seen. 




 yeah i know i can do that and i'm pretty good at telling stories if I need to haha. but the messed up thing is that I am not trying to scam my doctor cause I want to be high all day, I feel that I need a small up on my dosage for legit reasons.  I am just worried that this proposition to her might backfire you know?   




 hah i wasn't trying to sound like a dick. i just read what i wrote and it came off that way.  but yeah tolerance sucks! 




 exactly what i'm afraid of. 




 are they steroid shots? i've been wanting to get steroid shots but been pretty much talked out of them by all the doctors i've seen saying it won't help much. 




 wow that was fast!  ive been on opiates for about 10 years. 




 ok we sound in about the same place :)  I have had this doc for about 7 years now and we have a great relationship which I don't want to mess up but I feel like I do have a legitimate reason to get a bit more meds.  I've never done the doctor shopping thing and the pain managment clinics are very pricy since I am going thru Kaiser Permanente and its really cheap but which from what i have heard is the Wal Mart of hospitals but it is all I have I known.  Thanks for the response!! 




 not sourcing whatsoever.....  i get 60 10/325s prescribed to me 1 month for legitimate pain from my doctor after being on 5/500s for about 5 years, yeah i know gross. i do have real pain and have the xrays/mris/etc to prove it.  I have been limiting myself to about 2 of the 10mgs a day just to get mobile.  I just feel like a junkie trying to get more opiates but at the same time i need them for the pain.  Problem is I am young (30) and I just don't want my trusting doctor to cut me off.....  Any suggestions?   




 nick cave or golden brown!?! dude both of them are my jams haha 




 damn. how long did it take you to build up that tolerance?? 




 Ahhh i know!! My tolerance is still relatively low (20-30mg gets me good), but I remember when 7.5 mg got me feeling good.  I shit you not!! 




 hah! love it but i would never wear it!   




 lookin good bro! 




 haha i dunno what i was doing. haha thanks!! 




 thanks man. i'm a total internet noob. i tried imgur but they were down. 




 fuck yeah love that song!!! took me years to figure it out though haha. heard it first on a video that my friend made of some bay area skateboarding:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0HfQMKsiYg

 i like opium tea by nick cave......  














 what did you post like saying that you couldn't find any liberal doctors or what? i've seen people on CL straight up asking for norcos and stuff which to me seems a bit sketchy. 




 yeah ive seen ads like that saying its leftover surgery stuff. and yeah when i've ever bought/sold shit off CL no matter what it was always met in a neutral location and try to bring a friend. 




 sounds like what i am dealing with. i do have legit pain and have a small monthly script for norcos and just don't want to blow it by asking my doctor to up my script so i was seeing if i could kinda play a bit of catch up on CL you know?  I don't smoke weed for various reasons so I just have the norcos to rely on for the pain. only stuff that makes me actually mobile. 




 sf bay area. just typed in meds or pain meds under for sale. found a lot of interesting stuff.
 




 yeah i was searching in sf bay area and found everything from 5mg vic's to methadone and everything in between! 




 exactly how i'm feeling about it haha. but i guess if you read stampbag's reply, you can't even register for the SR right now...... 




 I have heard of this and similar stories on the news as well and you have a good point too. 




 Alright thanks everyone for the input!! I am glad this thread seems to have been a success (haha at least for me)  Also interesting to hear from you guys and your CL stories.  I only mess with pills- no H ever so its not like I could do the open air market deal is why I was mainly contemplating CL.  Sucks that it seems wayyyy easier to get heroin than some wimpy norcos haha!! I am not that hard up for pills so I doubt i'll actually ever get the balls up to do it. Still wish I knew how the SR worked 100% so I could confidently pull it off.  Anyways thanks everyone once again!! 




 lol totally agreed 




 I agree with you about the risk/sketchiness. I have known of silk road for a while now but I am still not 100% sure how it works haha. and i don't want to use it until i am full able to understand the process of it. 




 anyone ever try buying opiates off craigslist? i've been contemplating doing this for some time now but haven't quite figured out if its worth the risk.  just wanting to get a feel for any good or bad stories from anyone here that has gone that route. 




 i don't really think so cause i was getting 100 5/500's a month. now getting 60 10/325s a month.  i just told her i am concerned about my liver and she changed it up for me.  I have a ton of different pain issues on various parts of my body lol so thats what they are for.  I am only taking no more than 3 a day so I would like to think that isn't too much?   




 oh and i'm not sure if you mean by your question will it kill someone due to an acute liver failure or just by prolonged use or both?   




 norcos being 10/325 i would think that one would have to take a lot of them over a long period of time to die from fucking their liver up but everyone is different.  I'm just glad my doctor switched me from 5/500's to norcos for the sake of my liver. 




 Man you are lucky to live there. I am on the other side of the country in california and the doctors here are pretty stingy.  my friend was trying to get me to take a roadtrip to FL and I told him after that movie it was virtually dead but I guess its not!!  Still, i'm not going to take a cross country journey for something that still is not a 100% sure thing haha.  even though it sounds like it is pretty close to that. 




 ok i just wasn't sure is all and honestly didn't read the whole wiki link you sent me about eds and ibs.  sorry for any mix up! 




 ok so why'd you mention ibs haha seems a bit personal to mention if it didn't relate to receiving pain meds for it! 




 Troll 2  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HyophYBP_w4 




 you get them for IBS?? Just wondering, not judging.  I haven't experienced IBS so I can't talk but I didn't know it could be so painful.  Either way you are lucky to find 1 of the last few liberal doctors around haha 




 Damn so its still got it going on down there?!? I heard that FL dried up after all the pain clinic stuff being exposed and The Oxycontin Express movie.  I've never been so I can't say either way.  You live in Florida I take it? 




 never smoked either regularly. actually tried to start smoking cigs recently (yeah dumb i know) because i was subjected to so much second hand smoke it made me crave it but i couldn't even make it thru the pack.  For me nicotine is something I never had an issue with.  Alcohol and opiates, haha............ 




 fuck man, me too!! too bad mine is only 60 norcos a month!! may i ask how you legally get these?  i need to step my game up...... 




 i agree with your statement but 22 ounces of wine is quite a bit considering wine usually starts at about 8-9% alcohol content. 




 never done cocaine but considering that is a stimulant it would produce a different high completely.  but i totally understand what you are talking about considering i asked a similar question not too long ago:  http://www.reddit.com/r/opiates/comments/zsyaa/cleaning_your_house/ 




 awesome. i'm feeling this pic! 




 whats worse is the fact that it is tramadol. 




 i'm done talking to you kook 




 Let me rephrase that.  I came to this place to ask questions and offer my advice when needed.  In this instance I was asking a question and the thread was going fine until you showed up. 




 i came here to be positive and help people out. not to be a kook like you. 




 ironically i just found this in my bathroom  http://imgur.com/tqY9g 




 haha yeah i can totally understand on a drug like speed although ive never used it.  i sometimes lose my appetite though on opiates. 




 yeah for me it usually just ends up in cleaning my house but i guess its good cause it probably wouldn't get cleaned otherwise  haha 




 ah ok thanks! 




 ahh gnarly haha.  id be worried it would get dropped on the carpet and stain it up really bad. 




 like to disinfect stuff?  god i hate the smell of that stuff haha 




 BA= body absorption?  haha i'm a noob.  just guessing that is what it means.
 




 ah ok good story!! i've never used anything more than pills orally and i would think it'd be kinda hard to clean after shooting up so i'm not surprised haha 




 Did a search and found something posted about 6 months ago and couldn't comment so decided to start a new thread.  Sorry i'm high!!  anyways I always have an urge sometimes after I take a couple norcos, about 20-30mg to just start cleaning and its great the feeling I get from it.  Kinda funny cause it seems like something a meth head would do.  either way my place is taken care of at least once a week without hiring a maid haha. Just wondering if others get these urges and would like to hear some stories from you all. 




 yes  




 oh ok yeah it is.  i was just scared my doc might just cut me off if i asked for stronger stuff quickly. 




 oh and i do get blood tests every month from my doctor. one thing that is checked is my liver and it is fine. 




 i know it doesn't but somehow its worked for me for the last 10 odd years. 




 325x2=650mg of tylenol a day for me...... 




 oh and thanks!! good luck with your opiate adventures!
 




 i hope so.......... i am trying my hardest as much as i love those opiates haha. like i said before i am trying to sound like a jerk or snob, i just hate withdrawls and really don't need a hell of a lot to get a nice buzz so I have always been very moderate with my opiate usage. 




 agreed.  its a hard juggling act for a lot but moderation is key.  I know moderation and opiates probably don't go hand in hand but its essential. 




 lol i forgot about that one. it does mess up your number 2's!!
 




 only made mine better. cured my actual physical pain and also emotional.  i have a super cheap co pay and have rarely had to cop pills from the street(never touched anything stronger)  my tolerance has gone up a bit but I have been on the same program for about 10 years now and i'm only 30 so I feel that I have really good willpower. I understand how strong drugs are, especially opiates and I respect them never going on binges.....  I know i'll catch shit for what I wrote already saying i'm naive and cocky or whatever but I am this is how I humbly put it.  Losing both of my parents at a very young age from drugs has helped me pace myself with my addictions to put a long story short........ 




 when i was taking the 5/500s I took about 3-4 a day max.  i consider that not much right!?!?  I am not sure, everyone is different but I am/was taking them for pain but I do like how opiates make me feel I won't lie haha. 




 was on just 5/500s for like 3 years. told my doc i wanted 10/325s so my liver could be healthy and she switched me up no questions asked.  i am light user though......... i think haha  




 yeah its fucked!!  I am just looking for pills. its funny that i can get heroin here easier than just like norcos. 




 never used meth but this whole area has a really bad  meth problem so i hear...... 




 you would think a college town like chico california would be too easy but I guess they have been cracking down or something cause I can't find anything. 




 haha very well said!! you got my upvote. 




 i agree with you.  i'm not taking the naive/ignorant route on this one.   




 Its all good. what you said was just kinda open ended sounding is all haha 




 is this a response to me? i cannot tell. 




