 181 year old "preserved" head 









 Yes and make an album while your at it 




 i thought it was fun and action packed, why are trekkers so ungrateful. im not afraid to say that. i wanna say that without getting treated like i insulted someone whose loved one passed away. it seems as if whiskey is my only friend. Why do I even bother? What's the point? 




 fuck me right? i thought it was an interesting take, and im looking forward to possible sequels with him. i like his performance. 

 




 "Made huge mistake!" "Need favor" "just blue self" okay so it's not the best. But if you want you can contribute 




 arrested development is so much better a show 














 Just a non sequitur but seriously though I never once heard any characters mention lasagna 




 I'm deleting that one 









 Because if I hear an opinion different from mine I question my place in the universe and the future of humanity, I thought it was fun and action packed. But thi subreddit is like thunder done people starting arguments left and right. Wanna join the Star Trek fandom? It's easy! All you gotta do is say IT SUCKS to everything new and there you go your a Star Trek fan. Also anyone know any good vodkas to help me get through this stressful ordeal? Because I wanna say I like something without getting treated like I insulted someone's disability. 




 WOAH THAT IS SO COOL! 




 i have:
caveman: "made huge mistake"
underwater without breathing apparatus: "bloob bloob bubb boob bloob bloob bloob" 




 This is one of those few shows were they think of everything. It's like "nope this scene isn't funny enough, lets make it better!" 




 favorite "board" game 




 good 




 just goes to show you that people have taste 




 let me guess: walmart? 




 The cast is great you're mental 




 I enjoyed the movie too. (Go away stevenjohns) I've been defending this movie for ages almost like a mental case. I just don't want injustice in the world 




 Oh joy! Another unnecessary remake. (It could be good, but I'm being cautious) 




 Maybe they could do that all along they just didnt happen to do it till now. (Ok maybe that's not the best reason) I don't wanna fight about it I love the movie 




 IT DOESN'T EVEN FUCKING EXIST AS OF YET! So for all we know its impossible  




 It's a thing called 'science FICTION' it can work however they want it to work 




 I think both movies are fun and action packed. I've been defending these movies for like forever and I still feel I haven't accomplished anything. Jj saved the franchise DEAL WITH IT. And if you don't like it TOUGH! I just don't like it when people criticize the new Star Trek. I can tell you why if you want. 




 ENOUGH WITH THE FUCKING UNDERWEAR SCENE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 




 i had a few criticisms.... nah i'm just kidding, i loved every second of it 




 I am quite looking forward to getting this movie 




 I think I made a bold statement, this fandom needs to get its shit together. 




 This fandom needs to get it shit together and I mean seriously. I love the new movies. I've been defending them for like forever. From people given them crap. All I want I people to accept change and not be biased based on the writers past projects. So what if they made a couple crappy transformers movies. They made two awesome Star Trek movies isn't that what's important. In fact I'm leaving this fandom until someone gives me a good reason. Try keeping your little franchise alive. I wish you all GOOD FUCKING LUCK!! 




 cute ass 









 I thought it was freakin amazing and fun and it a great cast an did great justice to Star Trek.  




 So that raises the question whether he exists in their universe or they just haven't gotten around to mentioning him, an appearance would be cool what do you think? 




 I would do that but I prefer not being in jail 




 I don't give two shits about the extras I just like the movie and the cover that goes with it, if I wanna see all the extras ill go on youtube. But yeah that sounds good cause I don't make much money 




 oh a grammar nazi are we? 




 i liked the movie it was fun and action packed. anyway which blu ray edition sounds good. theres nothing wrong with a star trek movie with action  




 well i like a good action movie THIS WAS ONE OF THEM! its fun and action packed and breathed new life to the franchise,  




 i thought it was fun and action packed DEAL WITH IT BITCH! 




 It just does  




 There's no bond actor in Shaun of the dead but there's one in hot fuzz 




 These guys are great, if anyone says otherwise, never speak to them again 




 It also shows they have good taste in comedies 




 post pictures of your ass! 




 not sure if i should send to friends and family because its funny and its the avengers, or not send to friends and family at the risk of being disowned 




 That was a smart move unlike what I did 




