 One more person in your support group is a major win by my standards. And now you know you have someone at work, on site, that cares enough to help you through it while you're there. Double bonus! 




 Don't ever apologize for how you feel, because then you're just apologizing for being honest. I have similar issues - I work at a minimum wage job and own a condo with my wife. She makes substantially more than me, so whenever I hand over whatever I can from my check (min wage/35 hours a week), I honestly feel like I'm not pulling my own weight, and that can definitely cause my depression to rear it's ugly head. What I'm currently doing is something you may want to consider yourself - consider your job options. Put together a resume, that actually helped me, because then I got to sit there and put down all my personal strengths and attributes - right there, on paper, for me to see. While you're working at this current job, try to set aside time when you're home to do a job search for maybe an hour or so. Basically, start taking steps out of the darkness you're in - even if you don't know where you're going, anywhere is better than where you are, and you can't find a light to guide you out unless you take at least one step in a direction - honestly, if you hate your job that much, any direction will do. Just start taking steps that put you on a path with a bit more light on it.

I really hope this finds you safe and well. 




 I can relate. I work in customer service at a gas-station, and because of some of our policies, I deal with a lot of blatant hostility. On top of that, I've suffered depression all my life - so waking up to face the day sometimes is almost more than I can handle. I'm not afraid to admit that some days, I wake up in tears because I just -do not want to go-. What I'm doing right now for my situation is exploring other job options, while showing up to work every day and telling myself one simple thing - "I can do this. I did this yesterday and the day before, I can do it today". As for your depression, find someone you can talk to who you can trust to take you seriously, if you haven't already. But as for today, I wish you the best of luck. 




 Agreed - as a fan of the genre myself, that does sound very metal. And as for what deertribe said, they're right. The sheer fact that you're acknowledging your depression and that it's effecting you in such a way is a step in the right direction. The fact that you chose to sit down and express yourself instead of suicide is a leap in the right direction. You obviously have a poetic touch, and I'd like to encourage it. Keep writing, whether you share it with people or not, keep writing. It's something that's helped throughout my life, and it's at least something worth exploring. 




 I work in customer service, so dealing with the public every day, we're expected to always be polite, courteous, and professional. If you haven't done customer service, then I can assure you - remaining polite, courteous, and professional while someone's literally screaming at you is... difficult. But I do it, because I need the damn job (for now). But being unable to express myself the way I would like to in those situations means I have to choke it down. Some days, when I get home, I find myself in the same situation - just wanting to cry. And sometimes, I do. And sometimes, it helps. But as for the emotions and thoughts that I'm actually suppressing, I do find it helpful to find someone I can trust and talk to. 




 I know what that's like. My reason for not wanting to wake and face the day is work - I work at a gas-station that sees a lot of business throughout the day, and two years ago corporate decided that we would start ID'ing -everyone- for alcohol/tobacco regardless of the customers age or frequency of visits (some people come in every day). Since then, I get up, go to work and check ID's - and deal with a lot of blatant hostility. Because I'm a skinny guy with long hair, every go-to insult is about my sexuality ("Skinny little..."), even though they know nothing about me other than my name, a physical description and where I work.

There have been a lot more nights since then that I've fallen asleep hoping that I don't wake the next day, and it sucks. Like you, I don't want to commit suicide, but I wouldn't mind just slipping into the void one night.

Hang in there. Keep fighting. You're worth it. I hope this helps. 




 Small victories are like grains of sand - a handful may not seem like much, but with enough handfuls you can fill a sandbox. With enough sandboxes, you can make a beach. 

View it like this - fighting against depression is like fighting a war. One victory isn't enough to win the entire war, but winning a battle will lead you one step closer.

And with that said - keep fighting. You're worth it. 




 Reaching out (like you're doing here) is a great start. I'm 31, and I've suffered from depression all my life, and like you, I've never really had the money to afford medical treatment. But what's always helped me is finding someone I can trust to listen to me and take me seriously - most of the time (for me, at least) just getting it off my chest was enough to at least spark a light to help guide me out of the darkness. Or, like shadowhermit suggested, find out if your campus has a counsellor, and talk to them. It's not a 'cure-all', but it's at least a start.

I hope this helps in some small way. 




 Losing family isn't easy by any standard, and it's not easy at any age. I recently lost my aunt to pancreatic cancer last month, with only 3 months between her diagnosis and the day she died. Seven years ago, I lost my uncle to lung cancer after he'd 'won' the battle 2 years prior. I lost my grandfather at 12, and I still remember to this day walking into his hospital room as he took his last breath.

I'm 31, and to this day, losing them and several friends throughout my life to automobile accidents, sickness and suicide still effects me. It's not something you ever truly 'get over', and when the wound of losing someone is fresh, there's nothing you can really 'do' for your family other then be there for them. When they talk, listen. When you have something to say, speak. As for feeling lost, I'm sorry, but that's only natural. Death is disorienting. What helped (and continues to help) me is keeping them in my memory, and continuing my own life in a way that I believe would honor their memory.

I'm sorry for your situation, and I hope this helps in some small way. 
























 If it helps, don't label it as "depression". Tell them what you're experiencing. Tell them you're sad more often than not, if that's how you feel. Tell them whatever depressive symptoms you may be experiencing, and tell them one simple thing - "I want help." Believe me, it scary admitting that to people you love. I told my parents at 16 about how I 'felt like ending it all', and that if I didn't get help soon, I was afraid I might actually try. When I confessed this to them, they opened up and showed me the love and support I needed, and got me to a doctor to help me begin understanding what I was going through. It's scary, yes, but you can do it. 




 My expected check out age was 21 - I'm 31 now. And honestly, for me, it's been a bit of a mixed bag. From 18 right up to 21, I was falling pretty deep into a drug addiction - which was going to be my intended way out. Whether it was the cocaine, the pills and alcohol, or hell, any other drug I was popping into my system at the time, I really didn't care how I went, I just wanted to go. What saved me was, as far as I'm concerned, was luck - at least in the beginning. I met the woman who would later become my wife. So happy ending, right? This is where it becomes that mixed bag I mentioned. Yes, I can say that I'm happy with my wife and how she supports me through my darkest moments. But having a check out date meant I didn't plan to have a future, which meant I never planned for my future. I didn't further my education (how I passed high school is still a mystery to me), I didn't seek a decent career, and now I'm stuck at a crap job making minimum wage. So... yeah, I'm happy with aspects of my life, but there other aspects that I wish I could've actually planned for and implemented. 




 I can relate. Now, I can't completely speak for how it is for you, but for me, it's because I'm aware of my depression, and out of my small group of friends, I'm really the only one who suffers from a clear case of depression - I was diagnosed clinically depressed when I was 16. My friends have all experienced depression at points in their lives, but to be depressed virtually -all- the time can be hell. Because here I am, sitting with them, laughing with them, joking with them... and all I can think is that they're genuinely happy, and I'm not. It makes me feel like I'm forcing it, faking it so that I can fit in, which begins that downward spiral into a darker mindset. If anything, I found that opening up to my friends about my depression, talking to them about it so that they understand that, 'Hey, [Echo] may be quieter than he usually is, but now that we know the reason, we understand and respect it.' My friends know that, sometimes when I go out with them, I may be in a bit of a slump, but because I can trust them to not judge me, I feel safe going places with them.

I don't know if this helps, but I hope it does. 




 That's one the ugliest things that depression can do to you - cause you to question everyone around you. But it's not you, it's the depression. It has a way of tricking your mind into thinking that no one cares, when in actuality, they may just be away, not have their phone on them, or possibly dealing with a situation of their own. But then again, there are the people out there who don't want to be around people who suffer from depression because they may be dealing with it on their own, they may not understand it, or - at the very worst, they may not really care. Start paying attention to the ones who DO respond, no matter how long it may take, and then mark the ones who NEVER respond - cull the herd as necessary. If they're NEVER there for you, they may not be the type of person you need in your life. They're potentially toxic, and what you need to do now is clear your mind and take care of yourself, with the help of those who care about you. And, sometimes it helps to -not- fight the urge to cry. Sometimes just getting it out helps. It helps me from time to time immensely. 




 Crying yourself to sleep is the equivalent of a sneeze being a symptom to a cold. You're sad, but you don't know why. Sometimes, that's unfortunately how depression works. I've more days than I'd like to count where I was doing fine, and then - out of nowhere, I just didn't want to be doing what I was doing, and would rather be at home curled up with a book and ignoring the world. Do a bit of soul-searching, explore for any causes that may be the underlying reason for your current sadness. If you have a friend you can trust and talk to, use them as a soundboard, maybe they'll be able to see something you don't because you're dealing with it all the time without even realizing it. That would be my suggestion, and I hope it helps, even if a little bit. 




 Agreed - and not just family, don't be afraid to ask your friends. Maybe one of them can help you out while you continue putting your life together. Sounds to me like you're doing quite a good job of it, you're just hitting a speed-bump in life. But remember, the climb to the top is difficult, but the view is worth it.

And if you truly are afraid of ending up homeless, do some research now - find shelters in your area and foodbanks. In fact - if your area of the world is anything like mine, foodbanks are amazing for the sheer fact you don't have to be homeless in order to step in line - I did a short bit of volunteer work at a foodbank in my town, and a lot of people were coming through for a free lunch simply because it helped free up funds.

But whatever you do, please don't give up. 




 Hopefully you find one someday. Don't give up hope just because you haven't found one yet. 




 Thank you for that. And I know it's hard to watch your mother cry - when my uncle and grandfather (her father) died, she was in tears almost constantly, which had me in tears constantly. So instead of talking, she just held me in her arms and we cried together. During this time of grief for your family, don't be afraid to show them that you're feeling it too. 




 I understand - my current job has destroyed my own ambition to work. I'd much rather just do as you're doing, curl up with something to watch or read, and just mentally slip away from the world. So this is another thing I've (trying) to get myself to do more and more - making paracord bracelets. As cheesy as that may sound, it gives me something to do, and when I'm finished, I feel a bit of accomplishment, because hey! I just made something.

I'm not saying go out and buy a bunch of paracord, but spend some of that time in your head exploring the idea of crafting something - draw, write, if you have an instrument you haven't picked up in forever, pick it up now and just fiddle with it. Do it for a bit a day, and maybe a bit longer a few days later. But what you need to do is get yourself out of this rut. And if it doesn't capture your interest, then set it down, and explore the idea of something else. Experiment. Find something that engages you, and start from there. 
























 Agreed. He's giving some good advice there. I was once an assistant manager at one of my jobs, and it was always the people who went that extra step that always got the benefit of the doubt. Show them that you're dedicated, then do your job in such a way that it leaves -them- needing -you-. It happens. When I was assistant manager, regardless of some of my health problems, regardless of the fact that I was having panic-attacks every day, they kept me because, even if I wasn't doing perfect, I was at least doing consistent. And that's, at least as I saw it, what made a good employee. They were consistent, if not perfect. 




 That's rough. When I was young, because of my depression, I used to fake being sick a lot so I wouldn't have to go. I got picked on and bullied quite a bit, mainly because compared to all the other guys, I'm tiny. But one thing that time has taught me is that what you're experiencing is temporary - keep moving forward, get through school, if you have no one else trying to help you maintain your happiness, then take it into your own hands and do whatever it takes to make yourself happy. Friends are an extension of your happiness, not the definition. You may hear a lot of people (older people) say that 'high school was the best years of their life!'. But that doesn't hold true for all of us. High school were some of my worst years of my life. But I made it through, and you can too. When you get past this moment and into the next (whether it be college or a job or what have you), you have a chance at a new beginning. That's another lesson life has taught me - life is full of new beginnings. Even if you take it day by day, every day is a new beginning. I hope this helps, and again - you're going through a rough situation by anyone's standards, regardless of their age. But there are some of us who have been through similar situations, and if we can make it through, you can too. A quote from the ancient Samurai helps me with this - "six times down, seven times up"; what this means is when you fall, pick yourself up. If you fall again, then pick yourself up again. I'll be honest with you, it's not easy, but it's worth it. You're worth it. Take care, and remember - there's always this sub for you to bring your thoughts and feelings to, and obviously people who are at least willing to listen. Sometimes, that's all you need, is someone to listen. 




 You're welcome. Take care, and - once more with feeling - don't give up. 




 Self-loathing is a beast of a monster. But if I may try just one more time - you believe there's nothing that can help, and if you continue to believe that, there never will be anything that helps. But because of the nature of depression, it's hard to change from mindset to mindset, especially from a negative mindset to a positive mindset. But - I'm sorry if this is corny or too much of a stretch - but I honestly believe there is a way. It's part of my recovery from transitioning from drug addict to recovering. I always thought that drugs would be part of my life, I never thought I'd ever be more than the drugs in my system, and I honestly believed that it was all my life would ever be. One high to another. It was a struggle to get my mindset to the point where I felt I could finally believe any other way, and to this day, it continues to be a struggle. "Once an addict, always an addict", and for some of us, it's unfortunately true. If I ever went back to cocaine, I truly believe I'd be gone in days, if not hours. Which is why I do everything I can to stay away from it, and the people who do it. But I found a way to change my mindset and embrace sobriety. I may not know you beyond this conversation we've had, but I want you to know that I have hope for you - as dumb or as corny as that sounds, I truly do have hope for you. You may not believe you can do it, but having experienced weakness and that drowning feeling that comes along with depression, I do believe you can do it. I hope you can do it. If that doesn't help, then I'm sorry. I wish I knew what to say. If there was some magic phrase I could use to lift that self-loathing from you, I would say it. 




 I'll be straight up honest with you - I've never heard it myself, but I have friends who have, and it's heartbreaking. People who suffer from depression tend to be some of the most beautiful, compassionate people in the world, even when they're not feeling it themselves. But I do understand the fear -

My wife and I have been married for 2 years, and together for 12. I suffer from clinical depression, which means that I will be dealing with it all my life, like I have for as long as I can remember. All I've ever really known in my life is sadness and darkness, with some breaks of sunlight along the way. Some breaks lasted longer than others, and some seemed to only last a few moments. It's hard on me. But it's also very hard on her. I got lucky - I got damn lucky. I found a woman who's stronger than I could ever be, and she uses her strength to help me keep my head above water. But even the strongest among us have our limits. Every time I fall apart, there's always the question floating around in the back of my mind - "is this the last time she'll be here for me? If she left, could I blame her?" Like I said, I've gotten lucky. As for your situation, don't give up on love. Love saves, as corny as it sounds. This guy wasn't the one for you. I'm not going to say he broke under the pressure, but like I said - even the strongest among us have our limits. Him stepping out on you is on him, not you, and not your depression. And if someone sees something in someone worth cherishing, then someone else can potentially see that as well. So like I said, don't give up. 




 One thing I've learned through life is that you can't make other people happy if you're not happy yourself. When you suffer from depression, it ranges from hard to downright impossible. My advice, start working on your own happiness, because it's like turning a light on. That light will attract other lights, and soon you have a support group who can help you through whatever you may be going through at the time. For me, I'll admit that it's been a long, painful process, but that's how I've been viewing it - as a process. It takes time, it takes work, and it takes energy. When you suffer depression, that does seem like an impossible task. But don't give up. Please. Just try - you may surprise yourself. 




 No problem. Take care of yourself. :) 




 This honestly sounds like the beginning to the relationship between me and the woman that would eventually become my wife. She saved me. When we met, I was 21 and a complete mess. I was doing cocaine daily, popping pills whenever I could, and basically doing whatever drug that was placed within my reach. The reason? The same as yours - I absolutely hated myself. For the first few years, I did like you - I never once told her about my depression or my past drug use (I cleaned up for her, which was one of the hardest things I've done in my life, especially trying to do it in a way that she'd think I was just weird/crazy and not a recovering drug addict). She was supportive of me to begin with, but when I finally came out and told her about everything, the love and support only grew. If your man is even as half as kind and supportive as you suspect, I honestly feel you have nothing to lose, but everything to gain by telling him. Once he realizes he's your front line of defense against your depression, he'll be capable of being there for you in ways you can't imagine. For me, my wife certainly was.

From there, with his support, your battle with depression can only get easier. Educate yourself about your condition, and include him in what you learn, or when you tell him, explain to him what you do know about it. I hope this helps, even if just a bit. 




 Feeling rejected is a horrible feeling, but don't let it stop you. You may not have gotten this job, but that doesn't mean you won't get the next. And if you don't get that one, you get up and try again. The highest I've climbed at any job I've done was assistant manager - meaning I sat in on a lot of interviews and gave my opinion on whether someone should be hired on or not. I can tell you right now, that I watched a lot of amazing people step into that office who would be perfect - but that's the thing about the job-hunt, you're not the only one doing it. I don't know why they didn't pick you, but I do have an idea of what you can do now. Pick yourself up, dust yourself off, and try again. And again if you have to. But whatever you do, don't give up - and learn from any job interview that doesn't lead you to getting the job. One question I ask (if an employer actually calls to let me know I didn't get the job) is - "was there anything I could've done in my interview that would have improved it?". If they have the time, they just might answer. And one more time, with feeling - Don't give up. 
























 You're not a monster for the way you feel - that makes you human. As for getting hung up on girls, when I was in high school, I was a lot like you. Every time a girl showed a remote interest in me, I got hung up on her. There was one girl in particular who played me like a yo-yo, because she knew I was interested and that whenever she beckoned, I'd come calling. That right there destroyed a few potential relationships, other than the fact that I had trouble initiating the conversation with girls. It left me lonely and feeling like I wasn't worth the time of day. It hurts, it really does. But having feelings about a girl, and thinking about her quite a bit... I can only speak from my experience and from listening to/watching my friends and their love-interests, that seems pretty normal to me. If anything, I'd refer to it as 'day-dream fantasies'. 

You don't sound like a monster to me. You sound like a human. 




 In regards to my own depression, yeah - I've had those days. I wake up feeling like I can actually face the day, only to have it ruined somehow, at some point. By the end of the day, I feel exhausted, mentally and physically, and when I get home, I don't want to do anything.

My best advice to you would be to speak to a doctor, explain to them your situation, and most of all - be honest. A good doctor will do everything in their power to help you, especially if they find that you are suffering from depression. 




 Sometimes, sleep does a lot to help. Trust your gut - if it's telling you to sleep, then go to sleep. Tomorrow's a new day, full of new opportunities. And sometimes, a bit of rest is all it takes to tackle those opportunities. And don't bring yourself down about 'not having a social life'. A lot of people lack a social life for a variety of reasons, so you're not alone there. You're a virgin at 28? Nothing wrong with that, either. And the people who would judge you on that are jack-hats, not even worth your time of day. Pay them no heed. Just be you, because when it comes down to it, that's all you can be. 




 Hang on to that. If that truly is your happiest memory at the moment, then hang on to it. Let it be a torch to light the darkness. I'm trying not to assume, but it's hard to believe that your brother doesn't have friends - we all do, in one form or another. I'm also guessing he has best friends - again, sorry for the assumptions, but what I'm driving at is this - he chose -you- to be his best man. With my own experiences of depression, I know what you mean - sometimes it feels like it's been months, weeks, years, AGES since you last felt happy, even if in reality you felt a spark of happiness, even for a brief moment, a few hours ago. My happiest memory that comes to mind was actually my own wedding - and that was almost 2 years ago. Since then, I've risked spiraling out of control a few times, and only recently went to my wife and family and told them "I need help, I can't do this forever, and I can't do this alone". Since the day of my wedding to today, I honestly can't think of any real, true happy memories. So the ones you do have, hang on to and cherish. They'll help light the darkness in your mind when you call upon them. 




 I may not know you, but I am interested in hearing what you have to say. 




 No problem. Take care, and remember - we're here for you. 




 I'm not an expert, but... maybe talk to your doctor about the meds you're taking? Again, not an expert, but what I did noticed is the marked change from "crushing sadness" to just "meh", with you being put on medications right in the middle of that. Again, not an expert, but potential possibility? 




 I was diagnosed with clinical depression at 16. Depression developing in the teenage years isn't that uncommon. I'm 31 now, and I still, to this day, have days like you're having now. Speak to someone, someone you can trust to listen. You feel burdened? Then find someone who doesn't mind helping you shoulder that burden. There's always someone - like here, right now. You're doing yourself a solid by opening up like this, and days you feel like you do now, come back here and let us know. I've only really been active on reddit today, but I've noticed that there are a lot of supportive people here, with varying degrees of experience with depression, with different forms of depression, and who are willing to share that experience and knowledge with you. I hate to bust out the corny "the more you know" quote, but when it comes to depression, it's true - once you find out what type of depression you're experiencing, you can research it. As you learn about it, the knowledge (at least in my case) helped. There's always a way, and you're never alone. 




 I do this to myself more than I'd like to admit. I'm a recovering drug addict, but I still have a few issues with alcohol. It runs in the family. So, sometimes when I'm feeling really low, I drink. The more I drink, the lower I get. The lower I get, the more I drink. See where I'm going with this. You're drunk, so yes, you are probably being a bit more honest than you're used to - but I'm sorry, you're also drunk. Drink some water, eat some plain bread to soak up the alcohol in your system, and sober up a little. I'm serious - because alcohol isn't a cure, all it really does (at least in my experience) is either cover up what you're suffering, or just magnify the pain. You are in no way, shape, or form wrong for feeling the way you do, but the alcohol doesn't help. Please, sober up, and if you're still feeling that suicidal to the point you want to take your life - all I ask is that you come back here and make your feelings and emotions known. That's what this sub is for, and there are people who are here because they want to help. Please, you're worth the fight, even if you don't feel like it right now. Even when you're sober and you don't feel like, you're worth the fight. 
























 And I'm glad you did. I've been there - made plans, got everything prepared, and then - boom - at the last second it becomes a one man party. And I spiral out in much of the same way. It's the depression. You're beating yourself up for reasons you're not even sure of, and when you're depressed, your mind instantly goes to the darker places. Did he explain why he had to bail? Is he a friend you can trust? Because if he is, err on the side of friendship, and trust him. Or, is he someone you feel you can't trust (and do your best to think through the fog that depression envelops your mind with)? If he is someone you feel you can't trust, as much as it pains me to say, you may want to reconsider your friendship. Or - when you do get him to sit down with you, see if he's willing to discuss it openly with you. Then go from there. 




 And I'd like to say, likewise to you, Triple. Depression is a road best not traveled alone. It sounds like you want to help - and trust me, you can. Sharing your own experiences with depression, the emotions it brings on, and what you do to get yourself through it can help others get through their own situations. And when you find yourself feeling down, we'll return the favor. 




 Don't apologize, and venting helps. It gets it off your chest. And I'd like to start out by pointing out that you've noticed the people "who has the confidence to go out there and make a change for themselves" - when you just proved through your own words that you ARE one of those people, at least in that respect. How many people don't care about themselves enough to take care of themselves? You obviously go to the gym for a reason - to work out, right? And what does working out lead to? It leads to a healthy body. It sounds like you have a lot working against you, but mainly, it sounds like you're working against yourself. There are situations in life that you can't control, no one can. Those are the situations you need to learn to let go of. It's hard - it's downright hellish. But it's possible. Let go of those situations, and grab what you -can- control with a firmer grip. Keep going to the gym, keep working out - it helps in a lot of ways. As for you job - I can relate. I absolutely hate my job, and I work for one of those soulless corporations that just don't give two shits about anything but the bottom line. But you, like me, are not your job. It's simply what you do to pay the bills. If it really is that bad, start looking for another one. There's absolutely no reason you should continue working somewhere you feel under-appreciated. As for goals and dreams, those take time and effort, but mostly time. It takes reality time to catch up to your dreams, as long as you're putting forth the effort to make it happen. You want to be a better person? You are who you are, and unless you're off intentionally hurting people, you're better than you realize. I'm glad you reached out and shared how you're feeling. It's a moment, and it will pass. If this moment sucks, then set your sights on the next, and do whatever you can within your power to ensure it's better than the last. That moment turns out to be not much better, then again - adjust your sights to the next one. And the next, if you have to. And when you need to feel less alone, come here. This is my first day spending some serious time on reddit, and I'm finding that the people in this sub are more than willing to help. I hope this helps. And I really hope things start looking up for you. 




 If you don't have any plans, I'd suggest coming here and being open and honest about what you're dealing with, and what the day means to you. But the most important thing that I noticed about what you just said is this - "Two years ago". You made it past that date once already, you can do it again. You've shown that strength once, and that strength is still inside you. But again, if you're having trouble, maybe put aside to come here and ask for help. There are a lot of people here who can - and will - help you through that day.

There's no reason for you to face it alone. 




 He's right - as hard and cold as some people act, they're human, and they have their own experiences, some of which may parallel your own. Like teklord said - it never hurts to ask. 




 Happens to me too when I witness massive amounts of love and compassion. I've found myself fighting tears more than a few times today while exploring this sub. You're not alone there. :) 




 That's the problem with humans - they're human. People who help do so for a variety of reasons, and you nailed it on the head with "some people do it to feel better" and "because they truly care" - and there's a myriad of reasons in between. For myself, I help because until recently, I dealt with the bulk of my depression alone, and in my head. It's only recently that I came out to my own family and said "I don't know how much longer I can do to this, and I know I can't do it alone". But until I did that, I just let the weight of my own depression crush me. My wife was there to help at times, my family was there at times, but even then, I hid the bulk of what I was going through. I tried to do it alone, and it nearly killed me. But now, I'm very open about my depression and how it's effected me. I share my experiences because I want to help people - I want them to know they're not alone, that there is hope, even when that voice in your head is screaming that it's hopeless.

And autumn is still quite some time away, and whatever you're going through, you don't have to go through it alone. Open up - talk. You may be surprised by what you hear in return, as long as you're willing to accept the help offered, and regardless of what you may think of the persons intentions. If someone offers you help, and you think their reasons are less than honorable, I'd suggest still listening to what they have to say. Put it like this, my dad tells me this all the time - "If you buy a book, and all you get out of it is one idea, then that book was well worth the cover price". 




 Try telling them that. Don't even feel selfish about it - straight up ask them how much they rely on you, how much they need you, and put it into context. I've done it before myself - I've gone to my sister and asked her to help me through some hard times by just reminding me that I'm loved, and that, without me her world would be a bit darker. It helped me immensely, and if you chose to do it, I hope it works out for you as well. 




 Admitting you need help is not a sign of weakness - these days, that's (as far as I'm concerned) a serious show of strength. And the fact that you came here and posted your thoughts and shared with us how you're feeling tells me that you're not ready to let go. Sounds to me like you know that your story isn't over, and that you have more to tell. Go to the doctor, get the lesion checked, and tell them about your mindset. You've admitted you want help, now the next step is to seek it - but that's a step only you can take. You've been through a lot, you admitted it yourself, and when you try to take on a burden that heavy by yourself, I'm sorry, but it risks crushing you beneath it. If your friends aren't there to support you, then they're not much of friends. But you do need support, and coming here and getting that off your chest is a step in the right direction to finally healing, to re-sparking your passion for life. The first sentence in your second paragraph proves that you've put a lot of work into yourself, becoming yourself, and accepting yourself. Suicide would only mean you're taking all that hard work and throwing it away, when it sounds to me like life is finally getting interesting, and finally worth living. Friends come and go - you can find new ones. But you're irreplaceable. Just reading what you wrote here makes me believe that. Here's a bit of a corny quote, but to be honest, corny quotes have helped me get to the point where I am today, even though I feel I've done everything in my power to prevent that - "I'm not telling you it's going to be easy - I'm telling you it's going to be worth it" (Art Williams). You're special, whether you want to admit that to yourself or not. You're unique, whether you want to admit that to yourself or not, either, but that right there - in a world that seems to value conformity over independence - is important. The world doesn't just need -you-, it really could stand to gain more people like you. I hope this helps, and I hope it finds you well. 
























 Something this sub has been teaching me in the short time I've been here - we do have someone. We all have someone. Even if it's just here, on /r/depression, we all have each other. This sub has proven to me that, when I feel like I don't have someone in my life I feel I can turn to - there's here. There's this. We all may be strangers to each other, but that gives us the unique ability to see what you're going through from a different perspective, and to honestly tell you what, at the most, what we think may help, or at the least to offer support. But what I'm sure a lot of people would like you to know is this -

You are not alone. You are never alone. When your mind is shrouded in darkness, seek a light. Seems to me like there are a lot of lights here willing to share their own warmth with you. I hope whatever storm you're going through right now passes, and if you need help, come here. Come to us. Open up - and let us help you through it. 




 Six times down, seven times up. Whenever you fall, all that matters is that - at some point - you get back up. That's what you're doing. Life may have knocked you down, but you're picking yourself back up! That's applause worthy! Good job! 




 If all that the people around you are doing is wringing their hands and watching you drown - that's not support. But you do have a valid point - for some people a large support group is good. The more people who are aware of what you're going through, who seek to understand what you're going through, means that you're going to have more people available to help you when times get tough. For some people, a large support group helps.

For me personally, my support group (friends and family), is actually rather small. Many of my friends and all of my family are aware that I suffer from depression.  But out of all them, there are actually only a few of them I feel comfortable taking my issues to. The size of my support group, I can count the number on one hand. For me, that works. But I believe it's important to have a support group - even if it's just one person - because I believe depression is something you shouldn't go through alone. It's good to have at least one person that you can use as a soundboard. 'This is what I'm going through now, this is how I feel' - and if they're good support, they're going to listen to you. And if you trust them to speak their mind, and be honest, they can help you figure out whether or not it's your own mindset just working against you. When I get seriously depressed, I have a tendency to think I have it all figure out, this is how it is. But then my support-friends have, more than once, stepped in and said 'No, Echo - you're not wrong for feeling this way, but you're misunderstanding what's triggering it'. That's how a supportive group has helped me. And I honestly do believe it can help other people. 




 You're welcome! And yes, get involved! Even if it just means lurking through the posts and reading about other peoples experiences, it can help, because there's a very good chance you'll find people with similar experiences! And if you ever want to talk, my ear is open! 




 Do more than hope! Open up - even if it's privately, not just myself, but I'm sure many people on here are open and available to lending an ear. 




 You're very welcome! I'm glad I could offer some help. Take care of yourself. 




 I'm glad I could help. And I meant every word of it. As for your faded dreams - see it for what it is; a blank canvas. The dreams you held may be faded, but that presents you with the opportunity to grab some paint and some brushes, and paint yourself a new one. It's do-able, and I have confidence that you can do it, for the sheer fact that you reached out to seek help. Remember, you're not alone. And as for the hope I've given you - take it, wrap it up in a box in your mind, and save it - save for the next time you feel like this, and when you do, reach into your mind, and tear open that box as if it were birthday present. Let it warm you through the cold and dark times. Take care, stay safe. Blessings and hugs. 




 I'd to start off by giving you exactly what you asked for - it will be alright. I know I'm going to sound cliche saying this, but time does heal wounds. But that doesn't change the fact that, when that wound is inflicted, it hurts - and it hurts like hell. And even if you -were- depressed over a teenage break-up, there's -nothing- wrong with that. You had your heart broken, it's only natural to feel the pain of the break. I'm glad you have someone you can talk to, but if it isn't helping like you want, then find other ways to get what you're feeling off your chest. This, right here, what you're doing, is a great start. You probably did leave out a million things, but then again, trying to put ALL your pain into one huge post would be soul-crushing, so it sounds to me like your mind subconsciously broke it down into what's really bothering you. And I'll risk sounding cliche one more time - there are plenty of fish in the sea. But there's time for that, you're still young. Focus on you - focus on finding what makes -you- happy, what gets -you- through the day, and pursue it. One thing I've learned throughout my life (I'm 31, to put it in perspective) is that you can't help make other people happy unless you're happy. And when you're suffering from depression, sometimes it feels like you have better chances of finding a unicorn than this elusive beast so many people call "happiness". But it exists, even in small doses. In fact, that's usually how it starts - in small doses. Take those doses, and treasure them. As for how you feel about harming yourself - please, I beg you, don't. You say you think you could never do that to yourself? Good. Keep that mindset. Because I've attempted suicide more than once in my life, and I can tell you, at least from my experience, that it isn't the answer you're looking for. Down that road is only more pain, more darkness. You don't need that. What you need now is light, and love in its various forms. Search for that light, and when you find it (and I have confidence and hope that you -will- find it), hang on to it like your life depends on it. And one more time - exactly what you asked for; it's going to be alright. Your story isn't over, and you are worth fighting for - even if it feels like you're the only one fighting. Take care, be safe, and remember - whenever you're feeling down, you are -always- welcome here to seek solace. I hope this helps, I truly do. 




 When you're suffering like you are, there's no reason to stay silent. In fact, in my experience, when I try to hold it in, I find it doing more damage than good. And you may be right about some of the people in your life - they truly may not understand what you're going through. It hurts. It really does. But, again, there's no reason to remain silent, and there's no reason to go through it alone when you don't have to. And you don't have to.

You're not alone. Take some time to lurk through the depression sub, see what other people are going through - you'll be amazed at how much you can relate to. If you find you can't open yourself up to people in your life, then I've found it helps to step out of your comfort zone, and do what you're doing right now - finding a way to express how you're feeling. And in my opinion, you chose the right venue to express to. People here do care, and they are willing to help. Even if it's just to lend an ear for you to vent to, we're here for you. Talk our ears off. Tell us what you're going through. Some of us are even willing to just let you say what you want to say, and remaining silent so you can just vent and get it off your chest. Which helps. A lot.  
























 Can't argue with that. I'd suggest finding someone who specializes in PTSD, and talking to them if you haven't already. If you have some form of medical insurance that can help you out, then go find a doctor you can talk to on your own. If you don't... I don't know much about PTSD, I'm sorry. Maybe someone in /r/PTSD can point you in the right direction. 




 Your fears are genuine. Drinking to push down how you feel is only a temporary fix, and having suffered from problems with various forms of chemical dependency throughout my life, I can tell you that it's not the best. If you've never gone to a doctor and been checked for depression, I'd like to suggest you do so. If you have, then maybe go again - the alcohol, at least for me, can add another level to depression that you just don't need. 

Now, for what happened between you and your friend, I'm truly sorry to hear that. Losing a friend in any capacity is hard. You think she moved on and forgot about you? Well, have you actually come out and told her that you miss her to the point that it physically hurts? If you have, and you're still getting nothing in response, then I'm sorry, but it may be time for you to do the same. Not out of anger or hatred for her - but for the love and happiness you owe yourself. Find a way to make -yourself- happy, without the constraints of finding love along the way, because believe me, you can't improve upon another persons happiness if you're not happy yourself. When you finally find a way to become happy with yourself, then the relationships you have in the future will only improve because of it. Focus on you, focus on getting yourself into a mindset where you feel safe enough to explore what makes just -you- happy, and whatever it may be, pursue it. Work on you. Focus on you - you're worth it. 

 




 Very beautifully written, and very well worded. And I agree with you - depression is a spectrum. There are those of us who suffer from forms of depression that have no 'real' source, because we were born with it. But even then, it is a symptom, and it does have a source - my depression is what my father refers to as 'the worst gift he could give me'. Many times, even if you don't know what's causing your illness, the fact that it -is- an illness is a sign of hope -it means there's something in your life effecting you to the point where you feel 'sick', or depressed. If you have the symptoms, then you may have the illness. If you have the illness, chances are there's either a way to treat it, or to manage it.

And again, very beautifully written. 




 When the darkness sets in, and colors begin to fade, now is not the time to get lost in the haze. Now is the time to get your paint, get your paint brushes, and paint in the colors you want. Depression is hard, and it does suck the color out of the world. So, within your mind, become a street-tagger, become a street artist - add the color you want to see. 




 Have you been checked for Post Traumatic Stress Disorder? 




 When I was a teenager, my method of suicide was drugs. I thought I had pumped enough into my system to just finally end it all.

But then I woke up. The immediate thoughts were "I'm such a fuck-up I can't even kill myself right." It was - for me at least - embarrassing. And I never told anyone about it until I felt truly safe.

If you find someone judging you because of depression or suicidal thoughts, they may not be the person to be talking to about this subject. But, even if your friends and family are hours away - just remember this. We - all of us here - are only a click away. We're here to listen. You want to scream into someone's ear until it bleeds - I'm positive you'll find someone. Because I know for a fact that I'm willing. Following your instinct to get this all off your chest was a good move. And the anonymity of the internet -does- help. I know for a fact that that's the reason -I'm- here. I don't like to talk a whole lot about my depression - offline at least. But here, I feel safe to do so. And I hope you do as well. Because people here will prove, in one way or another, that you're not alone. You're never alone. So, again - we're only a click away. We're here for you. 




 I was actually diagnosed at one time with what you're describing - my doctor called it 'situational depression'. I was (and in many ways, still am) working a job that was tearing me apart mentally, physically, and emotionally. For that, you may actually only need yourself. A support group would help, but in your situation, it -is- your situation. Which means you need to either find a way out of that situation, or find a way to improve your situation. It's do-able. I did it - I got out of the job (for a few years), and I began to notice the changes in how I thought and felt. So if life is stressing you out, then you may be right - it may not be depression like what other people have. Which is good - because whereas people like me who suffer from a condition they've had, and will have their entire lives, a situation effecting you from the outside is (for a lack of a better way to describe it) 'easier' to 'fix'. At my current job, I deal with people - all day. And I would not describe myself as a people person. So my minor fix; I have pills (prescribed) that actually take the edge off the stress for now. My major fix; I'm currently seeking other means of employment that work more towards my personal strengths. I hope this helps. 




 Or - bring your thoughts and feelings here. Again, I'm with ct on this one - you're off to a good start opening up here. This is what this sub is for, and what is the internet for if not interacting with one another? And if we can help one another in the process, even better. If for some reason you get shot down by the people who are in your life - come here. Open up. With their comments, ct proved that there's people out there willing to listen. Along with me. I'm willing to listen. You're not alone. At the very least - you have us. 




 You're feeling suicidal, so you're obviously depressed. Stupid statement, right? "Well, no shit, Echo - did you not read what I just said?" I did. And I'm with ctshame on this - you said you have a brother, he cares about his family, and ct hit the nail on the head. You're his brother. You're family. Have you ever tried going to him with what you're going through? Let me put it like this. I have a brother myself, but because of the age gap (I'm 31, he's 52), we actually don't have a lot in common. Even what we do have in common (music) we disagree constantly. Out of all the people I bring my issues with depression to, he actually isn't one of them. But I am -positive- that if I ever went to him and said "I can't take this, I want to die and I need a reason to live" - he would be there to help me find that reason. If you honestly feel you don't have anyone in your life, or at least anyone in your life you can bring these feelings to, start with him. He may surprise you. 
























 Music and reading. And a bit of writing from time to time. Writing helps me get things off my chest, music helps me explore the ways I'm feeling, and reading helps me articulate my thoughts. 




 Right off the bat, no matter how much a job pays, if it feels it isn't worth it, it isn't. The pay is not worth the damage it does to you. I'd like to tell you, so you can further understand that there are others who endure the same hell, day in and day out, 40 hours a week. For me, it's at minimum wage. I am currently seeking another job, but until then, I'm stuck at this one.

I work in customer service at a gas-station. Between two companies, I've been doing this for almost a decade. I have 40 hours scheduled, hours I'm given suck. Take this week I'm currently working -

Sat - 6a-2.5p
Sun - 9a-4.5p
Mon - 9a-4p
Tues - 10p-6am
Wed -10p-6am
Thurs/Fri off.

An hour shy of the 40, but because I've already been having trouble sleeping this last week, it's the two over-nights that I'm truly dreading. Because of the area I'm working in, those two nights will be spent split between my duties, and keeping tabs on the heroine addicts that hang out in the general vicinity of my station.

This is a job I hate. I've had a lot of interesting experiences throughout these years, and some very scary situations. Some examples of what I've gone through, just trying to do my job.

One night at my old station (company I worked for before this current one), I was getting ready to break down my register and go home. I was working the closing shift, so it was getting close to 2am. Doorbell chimes, and I look up - straight into the barrel of a gun. I was lucky - all he wanted was the money, so as soon as I handed it over, he was gone. That stayed with me for quite some time.

Several weeks ago, at the station I'm working at, we had a small car-fire out at one of our pumps. When I looked outside, all I could see was smoke. I freaked - but my immediate thought was 'No way I'm dying here, not for this company, not for this shitty pay'. So I hit the 'all-stop' button (turning off all the gas-pumps), grabbed the fire extinguisher, and did what I had to do. That was quite stressful.

Something that happens to me practically everyday at work stems from a policy my company has in place - everyone gets ID'ed for tobacco/alcohol, regardless of age or frequency of visits (we're a bit of a corner store for a lot of people, so we see some people multiple times a day). That was two years ago - and to this day, I still have people coming in and getting blatantly hostile with me over one simple question; "May I see your ID?". Because of that one damn question, I've been told to fuck off and die, I've been called a fascist asshole, I've been called a skinny little faggot, I've been told I'm going to be hunted down and murdered, and I've been told that people like me are soulless assholes.

And all I'm thinking here is, "I'm just trying to do my job". I hate it. I absolutely hate it. When I was at my worst, I'd get home and drink like a fish. I wasn't happy until I finished a 6-pack myself.

And I'm still stuck there. But I don't intend to be stuck there forever. Now, I mentioned I worked for two companies - I did manage to get out of that hostile environment, and into a -very- good paying government job. I ended up walking away from that job (for a lot of reasons), regardless of the fact that it paid well, and ended up back at a gas-station. Every day is SSDD; Same Shit, Different Day. Everyday. I lose track of what day it is, what week it is, much like you do! And it's hell. But I've finally reached a point where I'm done taking it.

I'd suggest you consider what I'm doing as an option for yourself - while you're working this job, when you do get home, do yourself a favor and start looking for another one. They're out there, all you have to do is look. There are websites dedicated to just that alone, for various lines of employment. Put together a resume, because that right there gives you a chance to put down your best attributes and personal strengths - right there, on paper, for you to actually visualize. Then go out there, get some job interviews lined up, and give it your all! Because you're worth more than the 40-hour-grindstone! We all are! I hope this helps, even if in some small way.  




 I'd still like to encourage you to speak to a doctor - and be up-front with them that you are -not- interested in medications. There are other ways to manage your depression without meds. Writing helped me for the longest time before I got lazy about it. Music helped me for the longest time before I lost interest in it. Drawing helped me in a lot of ways, but it's not something I do often because I honestly think I'm horrible at it - but my point is, there are other ways to help, without medications. But go and talk to a doctor and see what other options they may have to offer. Glad I could help in some small way. And whenever you feel like you're down in a dark place, come back here and post again. It may take hours, but I honestly believe that, if not me, someone else will notice and come to your aid. 




 That's just it - I didn't pick my strongest attribute. I'm good at interacting with people in person, regardless of what may be going on in my head. And I do not consider myself a people person. Interaction in person, for me, is draining. But because I'm good at interacting with people, I excel at customer service. And I -hate- working customer service - at least where I'm doing it now. 




 Do it! Do it, do it, do it! For the longest time, I kept the darkest of my thoughts and emotions to myself. This sub has changed that in a lot of ways. Not only have I been opening up to other people, but other people have opened up to me, and it's helped - not only them, but myself.

And for everyone else looking for friends - post! Post what you're going through, post your experiences, and see where it goes from there. A lot of people here are willing to help you through the storm to the safety of a calm port. And I'm glad Digital now counts himself among them!  




 Good - going to /PTSD is a step in a good direction, and I hope someone there can help you. And I truly hope that this storm passes for you. Good luck, and take care. 




 Don't ever feel like you're annoying anyone with how you feel and what you're thinking - especially when you bring it here. I'm with Seeing_Grey here, the anonymity does wonders. And I can relate to how you feel - I've had a few friends I've brought my darkest thoughts to, and they've done one of two things to me; they didn't care (or care as much as I thought they would) or even worse, they tried to turn it into a competition. It isn't. What you've learned from these friends who can't support you is that you can't trust them to have your best interests in mind. So I would like to encourage you to come to us, here in /r/depression, and open up. You're safe, you're not annoying anyone, and you can learn a lot from not only the responses you get to your situation, but by lurking the sub to see what other people have been through. You're not alone in this. None of us are. That's what drew, at least me, here. The feeling that I can open up with what I've been through, and that there are people who are at least willing to listen. Again - you're not alone. At the very least, when you feel isolated from your friends, you still have us. We may be as anonymous as you, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. 




 I'd like to add this - it's not your fault. It's not like you took your depression, baked it into a cake and fed it to your brother. You didn't do this to him. What your mother said is harsh - and /r/raisedbynarcissists may be a good sub to explore other peoples stories of what they went through, and bringing your thoughts and emotions here for when you're feeling down because of your depression. 




 Thirded. 
























 Might I suggest expanding upon this? Tell us what you're going through, right here. If you're comfortable, that is. But you're protected by anonymity here, and I know that may seem terrifying, but it can be rather liberating. What I'm driving at with this is - post everything you're feeling right now. Post what you're going through. Get it all out there, and when people see it all, if they can relate or feel they can help, a good bunch of them will. But if you still feel you want to speak one-on-one, I can't guarantee I'll be the best of help, but I can at least guarantee that I will a) listen, and b) tell you whatever I feel comfortable telling you. But from experience, I know it's good to just get it off your chest. So I'm here if you need me. 




 Trust your gut. Tell him how you feel about him, and see how he responds to it - something tells me he just may reveal that true nature you suspect is under the surface. And the fact that he back-tracked to YOU, says that he may almost need you more than you need him. But if he's treating you like he is, than he's a toxic element to your life, and that is not something you need. And if he proves to be just that toxic - kick his ass to the curb. You deserve better than what he has to offer. 




 For some people dealing with depression, it can be hard being around people who also suffer depression. It can be for a variety of reasons - but sometimes, it can cause even a decent person to become insensitive, as you've noticed. One reason I have trouble opening up to people about my own depression offline is because, what happens to me most of the time, is they turn it into a competition. "You don't understand depression. Let me tell you about it." And you're right, it not only rips a tiny piece of you away, but it feels like they're also just ripping it up into tinier pieces, and then pissing on them. That's how it makes me feel - pissed on.

Reconsider who you talk to about your depression. Talk to your SO when you can. When you can't, consider this; you made a good choice coming here, because in all honesty, the anonymity that this website provides can be a boon - you can get it all out, without fear of judgement. And on top of that, you'll find people who can relate. When you find them, talk to them. Ask if they're willing to listen, and if they are - talk your heart it. Because there's nothing more frustrating than talking to a brick wall, and when someone doesn't want to hear you out, that's all they are.

And I'm sorry about the loss of your mother. That's a hard pill to swallow. Keep her in your memory, and mourn her whenever you need to - because that's a beautiful thing. You love her, and the fact that you get sad when you think of her proves that. They're never gone as long as we keep them in our hearts and memories. Take care of yourself, because you're worth it. 




 I'm so sorry to hear that. The loss of a family member is traumatic. Throughout my life, I've lost my grandfather, my uncle, and most recently my aunt. I didn't really know my grandfather (I was young), but my uncle and my aunt, I was pretty close to at points in my life. Losing them was hard.

As for your relationship - you are -not- ruining your relationship because you're mourning for your mother. Maybe he should take a step back and think - maybe he's ruining it. I'm sorry, but it doesn't really sound like -he's- invested in it, especially if he's cheated on you. And telling you to 'get over it'? That's ruthless. You just lost your mother, there's no way you can just 'get over it', and if he were more compassionate, he'd understand. He'd be there for you. I'm sorry, but he sounds toxic, and he just may not be the one for you, because if he truly loved you, he'd be supporting you through this. You're going through a very dark time, and what you need is a light to help guide you when you lose the path, and keep you warm while you rest. They should be a shelter to the storm, not the storm itself. I'm sorry, I don't mean to sound judgmental, but you may need to reconsider your current situation with him, weigh the pro's and con's of staying with him, and if the con's outweigh the pro's.... go from there. Do what you have to do to keep yourself going. And if you find yourself in a dark place again, and he's not giving you the emotional support you need, come back here. Lurk other posts, read the comments - you might find someone in a similar position, or with similar experiences. I hope this helps, even if a little. Take care of yourself. You're worth it. 




 Anger is natural in some forms of depression, unfortunately. I call them 'rage-flashes' when they happen to me. Something sets me off, sometimes something as simple as an imagined sleight in my mind, and I just want to lash out. It's unfortunate when we do lash out, because then we end up hurting ourselves, or worse, the people who care about us.

Sounds to me like you and your grandfather were close? Because it sounds to me like his passing had a dramatic effect on you - which death, especially the death of a family member, can and will effect you. Especially if that person is close. I recently lost my aunt to pancreatic cancer - about 3 months passed between her diagnosis and her death. It was quick, it was vicious - and it was painful. When I found out she passed, I cried. I cried hard. Her and I hadn't been that close in the past few years (mainly because of distance, living in a different state), but I remember going to her place a few times every summer when I was little. So, when she passed, all those good memories flooded my mind, and I fell apart. I got depressed. I spiraled out, and just got angry for a short time at the universe - because how could it be so cruel as to take her from my family so quickly, and with such little warning.

It's painful, there's nothing you can do about it. But that pain reminds us that we're human. Being human makes us special - regardless of whatever you may think or hear - being human does make you special. And being special makes you worth it. You are. As for you happiness, when you're dealing with so much, it can be hard to find. But it can be found. Start taking steps to get help with your depression. See a doctor, talk to friends who you can trust to seriously listen, and if none of those really appeal, come back to /r/depression, and voice your thoughts and feelings. Because, again - you're worth it. You really, really, really are. 




 I was 21 when my wife took mine from me. And I have a bit of understanding what you're going through. Kids in high school who knew I was a virgin hassled me about it relentlessly. Even some of my friends took shots at me. But that's because a lot of them are assholes, and don't know any other way. They're stuck in their own little bubble, and they think they have it figured out, meaning they think they know how things should be - so if you haven't lived a life that parallels theirs, you're somehow in the wrong.

You're not. You live your life the way -you- want to. It's your life. And women can be fickle creatures sometimes - sometimes they can be interested in someone without ever giving a sign they are. The woman who would become my wife was interested in me all through HS, but I never knew. She never gave one sign. It wasn't until after high school that we began to date, that she told me she had this 'secret little crush' on me all those years.

There's hope. There always is, you just need to look. It may be a longer search than you'd like, but don't give up. You're worth it, and eventually you'll find someone who can see that - and that person has the potential to be your 'one'.

And I agree with MoonBathing - if peoples reactions to learning this about you does so much damage to you, stop telling people. You'll only be helping yourself. The DJ's comments weren't geared towards you specifically (at least, I sincerely hope not, because then that makes him a bigger douche-waffle than I thought), but was making a generalization. But still, forget that guy. He was in your life for a split second. I know that some people can inflict a lot of pain within that second, but it's only a second in the timeline of your life. There's more to be told in your story, all you have to do is keep going, one page at a time. Hope this helps, and take care. 




 Well, if you really do feel like this is your last option, I'm glad you chose to go through with it. It's a step in the right direction. First off, I want to say that, if you haven't seen a doctor, see one. Figure out what type of depression you may be experiencing, and ask the doctor what options are available. Go from there. As for the exercise regime - if that doesn't hold your interest, try something else. Or, give the exercise another chance. Maybe something will take this time. If not immediately, maybe with some time. But, again, if that doesn't work, explore other options. There's so many! And when you're feeling down, remember what your last option was today - and repeat. Come here, talk to us, lurk in other peoples posts and see what other people have to say - you might find situations you can relate to, and from there, people you might relate to. Give it a shot - it's always worth it. You're worth it - even if you don't feel it right now, you are. 




 So glad to hear you found something that helps! Keep up with it, especially since you sound so passionate about!  




 I'm sorry, but ditch the guy. He's toxic, and that's the last thing you need considering what you go through. He's an anchor that will always drag you down, instead of the life raft you need. Love, when confronted with circumstances that could end it, should rise to the occasion and overcome - not buckle under the pressure. And that's what he's doing - whether he can 'handle' it or not, he's still letting you down. He's still failing you. The first time I admitted to my wife that I was suffering from depression, she straight up told me that she didn't suffer from depression, so she didn't completely understand it - but that she was willing to learn. The first time I had a complete meltdown and told her I was thinking of 'downing 12 energy drinks and a bottle of sleeping pills to see which wins out first', she pulled me into her arms and gave me the support I needed to find my way out of the darkness. She became my light.

That's what you need - someone who can provide a light to help guide you out of the darkness when you find yourself spiraling further into the darkness. 
























