 Meh. I like my shape. My meds made me gain a couple pounds though. And I can't just go to a gym even if I wanted to.  




 Yes. 




 Thanks. Purses are dumb, tool belts are where it's at.  




 Yes it is. I have a lot of health conditions so if I have any weight on my shoulders they get horribly sore. Also I love my tool belt. It cost $10 and will last forever.  




 Earl? It doesn't get in the way. 




 How does someone even look like they like anal? 




 How is it self destructive? I'm just wondering how clothing can self destructive.  




 Not into anal. Not goth. 




 And bored. It's crazy how many girls on here are gorgeous but they are saying how self conscious they are when they are all way prettier than I am. Not that I think I am bad looking. I am pretty confident in my appearance especially when I have makeup on. I just don't look like all the other pretty girls here.     
I live an "alternative" life and have unconventional looks (physically and with how I choose to dress). So I'm not really concerned about looking like a fashion model. But I suppose I am curious as to what people think.     
Thanks!       
http://imgur.com/a/pzxRJ 














 Looks like I am about to be diagnosed with HEDS. It feels like I am going to lose everything. I am back in my home state seeking treatment because of how much pain I have been in. I had to go on leave at work, leave my home that I share with my boyfriend, and leave all the dogs I work with. So chances are if I can't go back to work because of my body I lose all those other things with it. My life means nothing if I can't be where I need to be.     
How do the rest of you guys function? Do you work and go to school? Or if you're on disability I take it you have hobbies and such.       
I have no idea what will happen, I just want to be with the dogs and my partner.  




 Still waiting on the geneticist but it's looking like that's what is going on with me. If that is the case then that means no more hard labor so I won't be able to go back to the job that I love. And if I can't support myself I don't know how I would go back to my home and my boyfriend (I am currently in another state with family trying to get treatment).       
I just don't know what to do or what will happen. I can't lose my partner, my job, all the dogs at work, and my home all at once. How am I supposed to be a person if it is like this?      
Even if I went on ssi I would have to do it here because it pays almost nothing where I live. But that could take forever. I want to go the fuck home and have a life.      
And on another note I am in so much fucking pain all the time I am constantly angry. Why is it doctors always seem to be shoving pain pills in people's faces but when I need them it is not an option? They tell me to eat better and all that garbage but I can't even stand at the stove for a few minutes. Maybe if I could take two wimpy pain pills a day I could actually attempt to take care of myself.  




 I am a 23 year old female and have many medical conditions. (CRPS, TMJ, arthritis, hyperothyroid, hypermobility, maybe fibromyalga). I am currently in the process of trying to get it all figured out so I have been seeing a bunch of doctors because I have been so unwell that I can't work and had to leave my job that I love.      
Basically I am just waiting to see a geneticist because it is looking like I have Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome. Which would make SO MUCH sense.      
Long story short the collagen in my body won't do its job so things won't stay connected and are very bendy.       
So about my ribs, the very bottom front ribs on each side seem to slightly overlapped by the ones above it. More so on my left. They are both also curled in a bit almost like a candy cane or something. Because of how bendy all of me is and how much cartilage make up the front ribs I can actually reach under them and bend them outward so they are straight. When I let go it makes sort of a thunk or a popping noise. Which as you can imagine is a delightful party trick.   
I have just always wanted to know if this is something that happens to other people and has a name. It doesn't really look very abnormal or anything and it doesn't hurt at all so I never remember to ask my doctor but my ribs have been like this my whole life.        
Thanks for reading.         
[P.S. I don't know if you really need this information but I am about 5' and 130 lbs. Farley healthy weight for me. My ethnic background is French, Irish, Welsh, Spanish, Mexican, and Filipino.] 









 I don't sew much so excuse any ignorance.       
I have a dress like this and love it. When I tried to search for more I had no idea what to call it and can hardly find any. It is a somewhat obscure design but I know there are plenty out there. I got the one I have at a little Indian import shop.    
Super basic design, when you lie it flat is is totally square and just has a cinched waist.      
http://imgur.com/ERdLixZ       
I am considering trying to make a dress with the same basic concept but was thinking about using a jersey knit fabric (because it's soft and stretchy and the edges don't need to be stitched). It's also a fabric I can put paint on using stamps or stencils. Will I run into any problems with using a stretch fabric? How much fabric do you think I will need? 




 I am staying with a friend and have free range of her kitchen. I decided I wanted some hot chocolate because it's a rainy Netflix sort of day and I remembered there is some Hershey's cocoa powder in the pantry. Great! That's what I usually make cocoa with, generally following their basic recipe that is on the back of the container. [heat cocoa and sugar on stove in a small amount of water until desolved, add milk and heat on low, then add a couple of drops of vanilla extract.]       
BUT. Once I was heating the cocoa I realized the the powder was the special dark edition. Then when I went to look for vanilla extract I happened to see some orange extract so I used that instead.     
Best. Hot. Chocolate. Ever.       
Edit: I am significantly better at cooking than I am at spelling. 









 Just looking for feedback. Whenever I tell people I have anxiety I know I am coming off as emotionally anxious. The thing is that I don't feel that way. I have depression and all so I do have emotional issues but I am generally not nervous. I have hyperthyroidism which is probably the source of most of my anxiety.       
My symptoms are mostly increased heart rate, sweaty palms and feet, shakey hands, labored breathing, trouble sleeping, fatigue, and some general uneasy feelings. I don't really feel nervous so much as just discontent because of the physical symptoms.           
Anyone else?  




 It can be something small or something big. I just think it is good to project some of our concerns in a different direction sometimes and give the good things in life more credit. Not to downplay any serious issues. But sometimes the bad can even amplify the good.       
For me there are many things I try and stop and appreciate. Though all too much is overlooked. Even the fact that I have running water in my home is something that is so convenient that I forget that I am privileged to have it.      
Some of the biggest things are my boyfriend and my dog. They love me so actively. My boyfriend doesn't always understand what I am going through and can't always comfort me when I need it, but he is so supportive I couldn't ask for more. He cooks for me when I can't, he picks up after me, and works a ton of hours to support both of us while I am unable to work. He is my hero.         
I also want to add that my mother left her awful husband recently an is now with a man that treats her like a queen. That woman is a saint and for the first time in her life she is being treated the way she deserves. I have yet to meet the new guy but I am beyond grateful for him.       
So what do you have in your life that is wonderful?       
[Here's a picture of me and my boys.](http://i.imgur.com/lEp2m8B.jpg)          
I would love to see your pictures as well.  









 I left the city I live in a week ago to seek medical treatment in the area I am from. Today I saw a pain specialist who sat in the room with me for almost an hour listening to what I had to say and asking me a bunch of questions. It felt great to actually have a medical professional listen to me.      
The clinic is a bit weird in the sense that they don't treat patients, they mostly work in tandem with a primary care doctor. It would be frustrating but they really seem to know what they are doing so I don't mind. The doctor told me she wanted to double check my thyroid for a rare condition, get me a bone scan, do more tests for autoimmune diseases, and see a specialist they have there who seems to know a lot about fibromyalga. They ended up having an opening with him tomorrow. So once I see him and get his opinion I just need to go to a GP for them to run all the tests. I feel like I am finally on the path to get all of the diagnoses I need.     
Hopefully I wont have to deal with any more doctors that wont or don't know how to treat me. 




 This actually happened yesterday/the day before but I did not have the energy to post it.
FU Part 1:     
So I was flying from one city to another and had an hour long layover in Dallas. Turns out the plane was having issues so they informed everyone that they weren't boarding yet. Ten minutes later they tell everyone they are boarding. Twenty minutes after that they inform everyone that the plane once again has issues but it had been decided that it could not be flown and they were working on finding a new plane but it may take several hours.     
I should probably add that I am traveling to get treatment because I am having medical issues. The day of the flight I had just been prescribed new meds. Turns out they make me loopy. Very loopy.     
Back to the announcement, as soon as everyone hears this half of them sigh and grumble in unison. Except me. My reaction was a quick burst of laughter. I tend to find situations like that funny as it is but along with the meds I had a brief moment of inability to contain myself. 
Turns out my sunny disposition was unappreciated. I am pretty sure at least half the flight heard me which lead to half the flight hating me. Now I'm thinking "Great, now I'm stuck with these people for at least six hours."      
FU Part 2:      
The airline finds a plane that is landing in two hours that we will use once those passengers are off of it. All of us waiting for our flight now move to the new gate and hunker down to wait for the plane. At this point I am exhausted, feel awful because of my medical problems, and just want a bed. Here is where I fuck up again. I fall asleep. The reason I let that happen is that I usually wake up easily if anything is going on around me and figured that the movement of my hundred and some fellow passengers would wake me. I guess not. And the fact that half of them hated me probably played a roll in the fact that no one bothered to wake me up.    
I ended up waking as the plane was taking off. It was the middle of the night and I had to search the whole airport to find an agent to get me on the next flight which wasn't until the next morning. By the time I was telling the agent I had missed my flight I was crying and she eventually got the whole story (of the medical issues and the sleeping, not the bit about the laugh). She had me set up to stay at a hotel but then one of her co workers basically cock blocked it from happening so I ended up sleeping on the cold hard floor once again.     
It was an exhausting adventure and by the time I got here I was feeling all kinds of weird. Finally got good sleep last night though so it worked out.     
TL;DR: Traveling in search of medical treatment because I feel like garbage, thought my delayed flight was funny, pissed off the other passengers, fell asleep, missed my flight, had to stay the night in the airport. 




 I am looking into some multimedia decorative crafts and I am hoping for some advice.    
My original idea is to decorate canes, crutches, and walkers. Specifically for children. (picture some elbow crutches with frozen characters and glitter)     
So what I am looking for is some kind of sealant that will go on clear and stay that way that is durable. So if I were to paint onto the metal and add stickers and so on I want to be able to coat it in something that will seal it for good. The problem is that I dont know anything about acrylics or resin or whatever I need to use...    
Help. 




 I am currently based out of Auburn and Olympia so those areas are good too. I have an appointment with a pain specialist at UW soon but they apparently do not prescribe any kinds of meds (?!weird?!) so I am also looking for a primary care doctor that is willing to put some effort into someone like us that has many complications. I am also on the hunt for a rheumatologist.     
Any suggestions would be great. 




 So years ago I had a bit of a problem with abusing pain medication. At the ever so mature age of 18 I quit because it was stupid. My sister on the other hand never did and now she shoots heroin. The last thing I want is to be like her.       
Now that my disease is kicking my ass I actually need pain meds. (Chances are that I started taking them in the first place because I have always been in pain and turns out those drugs help with that.) So a couple weeks ago I ended up at the ER and was prescribed 20 norco. I did alright with those and they lasted a week until I saw my gp. I thought that I could overcome my problem with meds because I have learned some lessons since I was 18. Well my gp prescribed me 60 norco to last a month. That was a little over a week ago and I have three left which are now in the possession of my wonderful boyfriend. I feel so stupid. Its stressful because I know I need them if I want to get out of bed ever.     
In a few days I have an appointment with a rheumatologist who I was referred to by a pain specialist. So hopefully I am on track to begin getting treatment. Ideally I want to get something done that will get me to a place where I dont need pain meds. But until then they are necessary. So you can see my predicament.       
I think I have a plan to help the situation. (I know, you probably already think I'm screwed due to my stupidity.) Basically I just plan to have my boyfriend hide them from me and distribute them as they are supposed to be taken. I know myself enough to know that I know I wont dig around to find them. If anything I will have him count them and keep track. I know that if he is keeping tabs on me I couldn't bear to disappoint him.         
Do I sound like I'm being reasonable or do I sound like a total idiot who should just have suffer because I can't keep my shit together?  




 What made you decide you want to be nice? Or have you pretty much always been like that? What are your thoughts and views on how to behave towards others?  




 Its strange how your sense of taste changes.  




 After being told by a pain specialist that he cant treat me because basically I am too messed up and my disease is too far progressed he referred me to a rheumatologist. I called to make an appointment and the lady told me he doesn't treat CRPS and I should see a pain specialist (lovely right, I had just told her that is who referred me). Then she told me that there are two other doctors there that will treat it but they don't have openings for a while. After that I called my gp in tears because I didn't know what to do and was almost out of my pain meds that I had gotten from the ER. She was actually helpful and prescribed me more to tide me over until I can see a rheumatologist. Today I got an appointment with one for next week.       
My main concern besides getting treated for my pain is that my boyfriend is exhausted from working so much to make up for the fact that I can only work two days a week. I know he loves me and wants to do everything he can but at the same time I know he would be relieved if I were out of his hair. While I appreciate everything he is doing and think he is amazing for it I cant help but be hurt that the relationship might not be strong enough to deal with me and my shitty medical issues. We are basically in the mindset of being a married couple, but I guess its not to the point of 'through sickness and health'. Which breaks my heart. I guess it's one of those things that is great in theory but not so much in practice.       
So hopefully my appointment will go well and I can start treatment and begin to get better so I can pull more of my own weight to take pressure off him. If not I may fly back home (on the other side of the country) and stay with my dad and best friend. They are near Seattle so my dad can drive me to appointments and I will probably be able to get better treatment. I just really dont want to do that. It would be good an many ways but at the same time I want to be home with my boyfriend and step dog. I also dont want to risk losing my job. I really love my work.        
Being so young and in such poor health is devastating.        
My condition is so complicated that I am worried about finding a doctor that is interested in getting to the bottom of it. You would think that more doctors would be interested in solving a puzzle. Not only do I have CRPS but I have it in my entire body and never had an initial injury that caused it. It also didn't seem to have ever started in one place and then spread, it has just always been everywhere. I still have yet to hear of anyone who had the same.       
Everything is so convoluted.  




 For the past few months my pain has been getting worse, in the past month it became unbearable and I had to take time off work. I have been trying to figure out how to get help. Last Sunday I went to the ER because the pain in my hips and jaw was so bad. They gave me norco for it and they knew I had an appointment set up to take care of it.      
Today I finally had an appointment with a pain specialist and he basically told me that I am too far fucked up for him to even know where to begin treating me. He didn't even know people with my condition could have it in their entire body. And he told me he cant help me with the meds because he doesn't know how he is going to fix me. I feel shattered. The hope of not being in horrible pain 24/7 is now gone. I have no idea how I am supposed to get though this. He gave be a referral to a rheumatologist so I will pursue that. I just dont want to get my hopes up.      
Edit: I called the rheumatologist to make an appointment and the lady checked with him and apparently he said that he doesn't treat my condition and that I should see a pain specialist. Fucking seriously?       
On the bright side I called my GP and told her everything that happened and that I just dont know what to do and she prescribed me some more of the pain pills I got from the ER. So at least theres that. They dont help as much as I would like but its a lot better than nothing.  




 I thought it would be good to start a thread for everyone to vent and discuss the things we cant do anymore. From little things to the things that we are passionate about. What do you miss most? What are some alternative things you have found to occupy yourself? Maybe we can throw around some ideas and help each other out?       
I'm currently not able to work until I can get treatment. Its sad because I work with rescue dogs and miss them and I miss being active. Before that I was a working musician and performer. I fell out of it for a few reasons but part of it is that I cant do the traveling and making it out all the time on my bike. I play washtub bass which is too physically demanding and a banjo ukulele that I can play but only for so long and my fingers hurt later. And now even singing is a problem because my jaw pain is so severe.       
I also used to do sideshow performing, primarily as a contortionist. As you can imagine that is no longer an option (not to mention things like the bed of nails which is way out of the question). I really miss it. I miss doing shows and getting free drinks and having a blast. Now I'm in bed constantly while all my friends go on bike rides and have fun. Its even difficult for me to do a puzzle I'm working on.  




 And I hated it. I'm 22, at a reasonable weight,  and dont look sick. Today I'm having a high pain day. Usually I don't need a scooter or I just sit in the cart and make my boyfriend push me because I would rather look like I'm dicking around then like I have health problems.     
Anyway, the variety of looks I got made me incredibly uncomfortable. Being a white punk in a dominantly black southern area that happens a lot anyway. Haha. But a lot of the looks were either the sympathetic 'bless yer heart' looks or they would look at me like I'm a jerk for using a scooter that someone unwell might need. When I was returning the scooter a guy came up to me and with a dirty look said "Can I have that?". Yeah dude, I'm half way off.     
Luckily I'm not as irritable as some days. I just wanted to vent to some people who understand having an invisible disease. I know this is not a major issue,  but its the little things we have to deal with.      
Edit: You guys are fantastic.  




 The reoccurring dream I had happened during the same dream session. It happened once, I dreamt about some other things, and then it happened again. Pretty abnormal or me.     
What happened is I was in a car someone else was driving and I was giving directions. We took a ramp that came to a rusty metal bridge that crossed the bay where I live and once we were on it I realized that the bridge just ended and we had to stop so not to drive off into the water. It was only afterwards when I got out of the car that it was scary. For some reason it just ended and there were no signs on the way indicating danger. When I got out I walked to the edge to look down into the water and saw a semi truck that had drove off and landed in the water which was fairly shallow as I could see the floor of the bay. The truck was standing vertically with its front end on the floor and its back end up in the air, half way submerged. Then it tipped over. And when I headed back to get off the bridge it was smaller and had lots of rusty metal posts and bars both vertical and horizontal that I had to dip and climb through. Like a little obstacle. Im an agile person so it wasn't difficult.      
The second time it happened it was all exactly the same except for this time there were two semi trucks next to each other in the same situation as the first one. There was also several men in the water heading towards the trucks, like they were a rescue team. The trucks both tipped over before the men got to them. When I headed back it was the same obstacle but this time it was more memorable. There was also a little girl I was with waiting for me who I had to tell to stay there.      
I also just had another dream that stands out, I don't remember a lot of the context but I was breaking my foot. Like I jammed it in a doorway between the frame and something else and slammed the door on my foot. It had something to do with giving up being a dancer which I was in my dream as well as in reality. It was a strangely desperate act.      
These dreams feel significant somehow, more so than my usual dreams. Thought I would share if anyone found them interesting or wanted to give me their opinion on what they might mean. 




 I have had pain for as long as I can remember,  it got worse in my teens and I was diagnosed with CRPS at 16. Since then I have pretty much gone untreated, though I take Tylenol and ibuprofen regularly off and on.     
Since I have been working a more physically demanding job I have gotten 40 times worse. Sometimes I cant get dressed in the morning, other times I would come home from work and have to sleep on the couch because my bed was a loft and I couldn't climb the five stairs. There are good days and bad days but it was getting to be too much, I got prescribed cymbalta for my clinical depression and that has helped. But now I am having situational depression and its making my pain more than I can handle. 
A week ago I had to have a procedure done, it has caused a lot of my depression and kept me out of work a bit. For the procedure I was prescribed 10 Tylenol 3 tablets with two refills. It definitely dulled the pain it was prescribed for, and it almost eliminated my regular daily pain. Because of the situation I didn't even realize that I wasnt in pain until I needed a refill and my pharmacy was closed. When my pain came back I couldn't believe I was in that kind of pain constantly.  How do I do this every day and also work all week? Im only 22, how can I look forward to anything when its all downhill from here?      
When that happened I broke down because its all too much. Work, pain, procedure, pain, work. Lucky for me my boyfriend is here for me. I have decided I need to try and take some time off work. Which is a whole other issue trying to secure my place there. But I need to find a pain doctor,  and I need time to get myself better. I just want to be able to work, but right now I'm miserable at work because I'm in pain and irritable. Its also stressful that I may be risking my job which is one of the most important things to me. I dont get paid great but I work with rescue dogs and I don't know what I would do if I didn't have that.       
Its really hard to not just be angry about everything. I feel like I'm being cheated out of my life.  




 I was diagnosed at 16 with CRPS that effects my entire body, I'm now 22 and have been functioning through my pain since then. They had me doing physical therapy for a bit but I stopped because of the commute and it wasn't helping.        
A few months ago my pain and depression became so severe that I finally found a doctor and was prescribed cymbalta which has virtually made my depression a non issue. My pain on the other hand has not gotten better, in fact it has become worse since I started a more physically demanding job. My doctors response was to double my dose which still didn't help so I'm planning to go in again soon and see what can be done.    
One of the struggles I have with my health is that I feel like I'm faking it due to my surroundings seeing as no one can really understand. Its like my disease is some  kind of mythical creature or I'm just being dramatic. I take it that this is not uncommon? I mean besides my truly empathetic loved ones no one will be able to grasp  the severity of my condition.  Its not like my pain is visible (unless I have hives).     
On that note, like many of us I have to fake it most of the time and suppress the fact that I'm in pain and exausted. I have to support myself somehow and if I were to go on disability I would become lazy and miserable. So I work six hours a day six days a week mostly being pulled around by pit bulls and other dirty jobs. I probably should do something less physical but I love those dogs too much.   
Anyway (im real bad at words n stuff) I really just wanted to hear from others with chronic pain and specifically CRPS as I have never talked to anyone with the same condition as me. Im wondering how it effects others.  




 Except of course the dark place my mind is trapped in. The past month everything has been fine. I started cymbalta which has almost completely suppressed my depression and anxiety, I have a great job now, and my boyfriend has been awesome. The only thing that has been shitty is my health. Im in pain constantly because of a disease I have and my job requires physical labor as well as riding my dumpy bike to and from work. Sometimes I come home and just sob because of the pain but emotionally I have been pretty stable dispite that. But this morning before I woke up I had some really disturbing dreams. I dont know if many other people experience this but sometimes when I have dreams like this the bad feeling they give stick around. I cant shake them. And I cant sleep. I dont know whats going on with me. Everything has been fine until today. I don't want to go to work tomorrow.  














 Mainly looking for resources about training specifically to her needs. I work at a dog rescue as of recently and new I would fall in love with one of them and bring hone home. And well, I found her. So here's my situation.    
I live with my boyfriend and roommates as well as my step dog. My step dog (Lucifer) is almost three and male. He is pretty well trained (he listens and understands amazingly) but he is extremely aggressive and anxious with strangers as he is also a rescue. He gets along with female dogs easily and sometimes with males. So I knew I would have to pick a girl dog. Which leads me to Beetle.      
I absolutely fell in love with her (along with a couple others) and decided she would be the one to take home based on her personality knowing she will fit in great with our little family. She is extremely friendly and VERY hyper. Not sure of her age but I was looking at her teeth yesterday and she is probably around three. Also she is probably some sort of black lab, German shepherd, pit mix. Mostly lab I think. The problems Im going to have with training her is basic obedience. She doesnt listen well or know commands, she jumps up on everyone, and she bites at her leash sometimes. Occasionally I can get her to listen like with the leash biting. I just worry about training her at her age.     
Any tips or online resources would be greatly appreciated.     
Edit: Heres my Beetle. http://imgur.com/rfd2uIa http://imgur.com/BSa6zhL 




 I love my boyfriend. And I love our dog. Its technically his dog that he has had for a few years. Hes a big, dumb, loving doberman. I have known them both for about a year but at this point my boyfriend even refers to me as his mom. Now since my boyfriend has had the dog longer I feel like I dont really have veto power to banish the dog from the bed.     
Heres my thing. I don't actually have an issue with the act of the dog being in the bed with us. What I dont like is the bed being covered in short little hairs and stinking completely like dog. Another issue is that we dont have a washer and dryer on top of the fact that we ride bikes and dont have a car. I happen to be the person in the relationship that has a friend with a washer and dryer. So I do all of our laundry. Which is fine when its just clothes. Not bedding.      
On top of all that a couple weeks ago the dog got sick and puked all over our bed. Ok. It happens. I spent half a day at my friends doing the laundry. Today I come home from work and the dog peed on the bed for the second time in the last couple days. Not sure why that is happening because he NEVER pees on the bed. If it were a regular thing I can see why I could banish the dog. But he has always slept on the bed. Usually its fine besides the fact that he is stinky.       
So reddit, would I be a wicked step mother if I wanted the bed to just be a place for humans? What are the rules of these short of things when you start seeing someone with pets?


tl;dr: What are the rules with pets and SOs?    
    
Edit: You guys are awesome. I want to reply to yall individually bit im on mobile. So youre right, I should get a dog bed. The only thing is we are up on a loft bed (we built it with stairs so the dog could get up) so I suppose the bed would have to go on our little landing. I will have to talk to my guy. Maybe we can still keep the dog on the bed on cold nights and such. 




 I would really love to learn more songs as im planning to get back into busking. Im a female musician, I sing and play a banjo uke. Ideally it would be great to learn more jazz and blues stuff but I also love bluegrass and my style is not horribly limited so anything helps. I love spooky melodic vocals. Also if anyone knows of other sub reddits I could x post to that would be great. Here is what I have so far for my set list... (I know many more songs but I have decided that these are the only ones I want to perform).      
Hey there little red riding hood by sam sham.        
St. James infermary.       
Fat gal by (merle?) Haggard.      
Tonight you belong to me (not sure about who its by, from the jerk)       
honkey cat by elton john.     
You know im no good by amy winehouse.     
Junk bones by dark dark dark.     
Stephanie says by the velvet underground.    
Oh my darlin clementine (I do this in a minor key because its a really dark song)     
gracefully facedown by the devil makes three     
lonesome whistle by hank williams.       
      
There are a few more songs im considering for that list but im not sure. Any suggestions would be appreciated. Also, im on my phone so I apologize for the bad punctuation and so on. 




 I dont know much about computers. So I need to be explained to about these things like an idiot. All I know is that I need some antivirus software and I have a Toshiba laptop. Sorry for being that guy.  




 My boyfriend and I like the song and wanted to figure it out but haven't and I'm out of town for a bit and would like to surprise him with it. Im on a banjo uke and I'm not the most experienced musician. So I haven't gotten past figuring out the first couple chords. Its Eb, D7 and C7? Maybe not C7. But something like that. It would be much appreciated if one of yall could help me out. I REALLY want to learn this. If you help me out I will send you a video of me playing it or something of you like. 




 Anyone that does anything even remotely creative, how do you keep the creative energy flowing? What do you do when you're feeling artistically constipated? 




 This is silly but I have been curious. I have never heard of anyone that dislikes potatoes entirely.  Naturally there are people who dont like certain ways potatoes can be prepared.  But does anyone just not like them all together?  




 I dont know about dog behavior in too much depth. I get basic things and absolutely love dogs.  But maybe yall could help. My dogs name is Lucifer,  hes half Doberman half Rodsian ridgeback. The thing is hes actually not my dog which is why im not entirely sure what the hell im doing. My boyfriend ended up getting himself incarcerated so I have been taking care of Lulu while he is gone. Naturally Lucifer is somewhat depressed but for the most part he has been fine because we have bonded a lot and seems to love his step mom. But the past few days he has acted distant. I couldnt get him out from under the bed for most of this evening, though that could have a bit to do with the bath I gave him. He also started barking at nothing at one point. Im just worried that these could be signs of a medical issue. He has fleas that I have actively been trying to get rid of. I know hes itchy and uncomfortable and has chewed off some of the fur on his back. I just feel awful.  I want him to feel better but I feel like a bad dog mom. I could be doing better.  Its difficult. Any insight is appreciated. And sorry about the formatting and punctuation and so on. Im on mobile.  




 So I was with some friends at a nice hotel because they had one and I needed to get away from my life. So were hanging out and swimming and drinking champagne.  The night goes on and most of us are in the room. I decided I wanted to swim some more so I ask one of the boys if he wants to come with. Naturally he obliged because ya know. Girl in a bikini.  So were out there, I swim a little, and he was trying to figure out how to climb onto some things to jump off into the pool. "Why dont you jump off that wall?" I say, and he says "Because its too hard to get up." Being the girl I am I took that as a challenge.  So while hes still distracted I sneak over to the gate and get on top of the wall relatively gracefully and proceed to say "Oh yeah, its so hard to get up." As he realizes Im somehow magically on top of the wall I realize that the whole top of it is completely covered in broken glass. I was not aware that was a common deterrent for birds (and I guess drunk assholes). So I get myself down alright but not before I manage to get many small but deep and bloody cuts all over my legs and feet. Luckily when I went to the front desk for band aids and such the guy didnt ask questions. Im trying to take care of the cuts but I live in a dirty city where a lot of people easily get staff infections and MRSA. I really hope I can avoid that.     
Edit: Sorry for bad formatting and grammar and such. Im on mobile. 


































 Someone recently posted about a 30's (I think) vintage, gypsy-esque style. There was a name for it but I cant recall. They posted some lovely pictures of it. Its driving me crazy. Google wasn't helping so you guys are my only hope.  

























































































 Like living situation, shared belongings, etc. Whatever comes to mind.    
My current situation is that my [ex]boyfriend who I live with at a friends house just broke up with me and he thinks that I should move out. Now these are mutual friends, though he knows them through me. I have known them for a couple years, he has known them for about six months. So in theory if anyone should move out its not me. But what I want to know it that even if we knew said friends equally who would have the right to stay? I think that if you decide you don't want to be with someone and they haven't done anything wrong you should be prepared to move out of the mutual housing. And its already unfair enough to impact someones life so heavily without adding even more stressful shit.    
But anyway, input, opinions, stories welcome.    
I'm having a rough time and I'm hoping my favorite online community will come through for me.    
Also, sorry for any bad wording or anything that doesn't make sense. I just had dental work and am functioning on pain pills.    
EDIT: A couple words. 




 I'm a [female] musician looking to find stuff to cover or get inspiration from and I think the right blues and I complement each other well. The problem is that I don't know my way around blues well. I'm looking for the slower, lounge, sad stuff. Anybody have any suggestions? Female blues musicians may be the right direction but I'm not sure. Any suggestions are appreciated.  




 I'm kind of scared and I'm hoping I will get the gas. And my jaw hurts so bad I cant chew my food. But I'm at my dads and I don't have a lot of options. I already have TMJ so it took me a couple weeks to realize the pain was because I have neglected to get the root canal I need. Hopefully my dentist will be accommodating. Acetaminophen isn't quite cutting it. 



















 Been doing a few stencils lately so I can sell/barter patches and such. Stencils are somewhat new to me but art and using a craft knife is not. Mostly been making smaller one layer with decent detail. But I have yet to get my brain to work in two layer stencil form and was hoping someone could help.    
This guy: http://i.imgur.com/vM4P3Iy.jpg    
Thanks. 




 It has been over a year since I have gotten a tattoo and I'm so desperate for one. I have tons of ideas that I know I want but I'm curious on thoughts on the one I want next. I was thinking I want the red armband that Pocahontas has, but red is not a great color for me. So I was thinking of getting it in white. What do you guys think? I know the tattoo is a little silly. But I think it would be great looking. And ya know. Reasons. 



















 Its strange to think we wouldn't exist if it weren't for that one time our parents met. My dad told me about when he met my mom and it got me interested. My entire existence was literally based on the flip of a coin. I'm hoping the rest of you have some cool stories. 



















 I dont know if this has been done recently but I havent seen one and it seems like a good idea. 



















 May be leaving the Pacific North West and heading south. I know I can get across the border on foot with no passport, my friends seem to have no problem. I want to go meet up with a friend but will be in a car. So Im wondering if anyone has any good feedback. 

















































 For whomever find penises ideal.    
Edit: I mean size, shape, etc. And for the record, I am a straight female. Just wondering what is generally preferable. 







































 Also I have a sister and my sweater is red. Slightly hungry. 




 You can be so wonderfully plentiful. But then I have to buy cream cheese. Thought I should share. 


































 A huge problem for many people including myself is having an invisible illness. People assume a lot of us are just using someone else's parking pass and will actually confront them about it. For me there are times where I can do things fine and other times I have to use a scooter at the grocery store because of fatigue, joint pain, POTS, or whatever else. I have gotten so many dirty looks and a few rude comments because I am young and look healthy so people make rude assumptions.        
If you see someone stand up out of their wheelchair to grab something and sit back down it doesn't mean they are faking it. Many people use them to avoid more pain and because of fatigue and so on. A wheelchair doesn't mean they can't use their legs.    
Another issue I have seen a bit about recently is that people somehow think it is okay to give their opinions and advice to someone with health issues. I am so fucking sick of being told I should do yoga or try acupuncture. Not that I am against it, I just don't need recommendations from people that have no idea what my conditions even are. I just read something where a lady said a random stranger on the street came up to her to tell her she was using the wrong kind of knee brace. Without having any idea what kind of knee problems she had. She compared it to being pregnant where people think it is somehow their business.     
People always lecture me on how I need to just keep trying and pushing with my doctors and blah blah. Which is basically all I have been doing for the past four months. I seriously don't even have a life anymore. Somehow everyone assumes I am just not doing enough to get better. Which is absurd because it is the only thing I can do. I'm not being lazy, the collagen in my body doesn't work. Which means I am literally falling apart. Excuse me if I didn't brush my hair and go for a jog today.      
But anyway, just give people a break in general. You have no idea what they are going through. If a young woman is in front of you in a long line and asks you to hold her place and then goes and sits down 20 feet away don't assume she is just being lazy and spoiled. She could have lupus or a number of diseases. Public transit is another place to look out for those things. Little things like that make a huge difference.   




 I'm not sure I understand what you mean.  




 Not entirely the most extreme pain I have been in but the most unbearable has been the last 9 months or so. I have a bunch of chronic pain conditions that I have had my whole life but it wasn't until last year that it got bad. I had to leave my job and my home with my boyfriend and dog to go 2000 miles for treatment. I may be here for a year or however long it takes to get disability. Some days I can do shit but other days I can't even put a shirt on because the movement is too painful. I am a 23 year old female and I look healthy so my pain gets downplayed by lots of people including doctors.     
I have a connective tissue disorder so my tendons and ligaments don't really do their jobs. Which means my muscles are extra strained and my joints are really bad. I basically feel like I got hit by a car the day before. Every day. I have osteoarthritis, POTS, CRPS,TMJ, and autonomic dysfunction, among other things. So when I stand up I get dizzy and lose my vision for a minute. I get fevers all the time because my body can't regulate temperature as well as some other things that should happen automatically. Even trying to pee is difficult.      
None of my body doesn't hurt. Even my skin and nail beds. Basically everything I do is significantly more difficult to do than it is for most people. Sometimes I can't stay awake, other times I can't sleep. Even my low pain days I have no energy.       
It's not necessarily the worst pain, but the fact that it is every day makes it absolutely unbearable.      
The toll it has taken on my mental health is just as big of an issue. I went insane for a while before I got antidepressants. Even with them I'm not great. I basically don't get to take part in my life.      
So yeah this is by far the worst pain I have had to deal with.  




 My sister is 7 years older than me and I didn't start to get remotely pretty until I was around 14. So a bit of ugly duckling syndrome. It didn't help that my sister was absolutely gorgeous in her teens while I was a kid. She also got our moms complexion while I got our dads, so I am white and she looks more ethnic.      
As a kid I knew I wasn't very pretty and didn't care but not looking like my mom and sister bothered me. People loved to point out how white I am, others would ask if I was adopted. I hated it.      
Once I was in 7th and 8th grade I started to care more about my looks. Which was basically the same time they were beginning to improve as I was starting to bloom into the woman I am today.       
During that time I also was developing an eating disorders due to stress of moving and whatnot as well as the fact that I am just prone to mental disorders. I had started cutting myself a couple years before that. But my anorexia lasted a while.     
The kicker is that while I started getting skinny and pretty (not that I was overweight before) my sister got pregnant and gained 50 pounds in her pregnancy. She has struggled with her weight off and on since. Nothing extreme, she's has definitely never been plus sized. It was weird though that as the age gap between us became less significant I sort of also caught up with her appearance wise. Still white though.       
For the record I no longer struggle with an eating disorder or self harm. Still crazy though.  




 There are way too many people like this it's absurd. I have had to tolerate so many trashy people that take shitty care of their kids. I swear they have no idea how fucked up their priorities are. 




 Yeah I have one dread and I need to do the same thing. I have had it for near a decade so I'm sure it has some buildup.  




 I'm not confused as to why he would thank her. I'm confused as to why she would be around him. 




 Yeah I can see how freaky it would be so much later. And thanks. I am still trying to deal with it because it was just a few months ago. It would be easier if I wasn't away from my boyfriend but I will be fine. Every period I have freaks me out less than the one before. Heh. 




 I thought the friend was a girl.  




 I was really grossed out for a second.  




 I beg to differ. Give Complex Regional Pain Syndrome a try. 




 Well its a hell of a story.  




 Ugh. I had a miscarriage at 7 weeks. I'm 23 and not ready anyway, not that it isn't shitty. But in the couple days I was passing the tissue it felt so gross. The larger pieces would hurt coming through my cervix and as soon as it stopped hurting I could feel it in my vagina. I would sit on the toilet and feeling it fall out of me was really unpleasant. I'm glad it happened early on at least. The biggest pieces were about the size of a mouse but there were only a few.      
I'm sorry you went through that, especially being further along. That really must have been an awful reminder a half a year later.  




 When I got home that night, he apparently knew that I lied. I don't know how. But he thanked me. Thinking back on that makes me really fucking sad for her.         
        
The brother thanked you? I'm not sure I am understanding correctly. If that is what you're saying I am wondering why you would be allowed anywhere near him after that? 




 Do it. But really your body is already good. 




 Or you could just start camming as is. Your figure seems similar to mine from what I could see and there is no way I could lose 60 pounds. Just be healthy and learn to appreciate your body.  




 The part where the aunt said she wasn't adult enough to balance school and a job was so absurd. First off a high school student not have a full time job anyway. Secondly that was coming from a lady that couldn't take care of her own awful child without manipulating someone. That someone being a minor none the less. I know being a single parent is not easy but tons of people manage it. Even if she was watching her kid herself obviously she still sucks at raising a child. Considering her son won't get a job and apparently can't watch his own little sister. Doesn't sound like a very good adult to me.    
I can't handle manipulative people that won't hold themselves accountable for their own problems. Guilting a responsible teenager into helping her when she knows it is negatively impacting her life and education is several different flavors of not okay. 




 I know this is kind of an older post but I wanted to chime in. My wrists are one of my major problem areas as well. I am looking to get some braces but I was wondering if you have found anything that helps. I was at my cousins wedding recently and realized that I can't even hold a glass of beer for a whole minute.  




 I'm not the person you are addressing but I thought I would chime in. I used to have a recurve bow when I was in my late teens. I never *really* got into archery but I liked to go outside and shoot my bow for a while. It was only a 35 lb draw but I usually would put it down after I hyperextended my elbow a few times and the inside of my elbow would get in the way of the string. Which made for some lovely bruising.       
I was young and dumb and knew nothing about EDS at the time. I'm sure that now I couldn't pick it back up. My forearm and hands are way too weak. It's not exactly an arthritis friendly sport. Haha. I'm sure it's great for some of you though. I wish I still could. But I will have to stick ballet and such.  




 I'm all about the pan-jolele. Haha. My banjolele definitely has its wear and tear on it, it's an Oscar Schmidt and I love it, I would highly recommend it. I actually put steel guitar strings on it and it sounds even better.         
I got my EDS from my mom who is Hispanic and Filipino. Her skin is pretty fair and soft compared to her siblings. Her features are a bit more round than mine and I turned out white like my dad while my sister didn't. Genetics are weird. 




 Very nice. I play a banjo ukulele myself. It's strange but I seem to keep running across so many young women online with eds that all happen to be super cute. The whole fair skin and little face thing really works for us. Haha. I have noticed a lot smooth facial features as well as opposed to sharper ones like myself though. It's weird.  




 My cymbalta lowers my sex drive and makes it more difficult to climax. Narcotic pain meds also make it difficult for me to climax as well as get aroused in the first place (the cymbalta on the other hand doesn't do that).     
Pretty much the same basic response as others in this thread. Not sure of your gender. Female here though.         
Before I was on meds I also had a hard time reaching orgasm until I got a better understanding of my body and my sexuality. I eventually had a partner who was very well rounded sexually and intimately who basically taught me a lot about my body and I learned to relax enough that I could have a better time and an easier orgasm.       
Being in chronic pain makes us tense, especially when it comes to contact with others.We are also very used to ignoring how our bodies feel.      
I'm not sure exactly where your dilemma stems from but I have learned a thing or two about sexual function through experience as well as research. I am also very open about sex so feel free to PM me if you want. If you are shy about the topic I understand, but nothing will phase me. Ha. Good luck.  




 At this point I have no kind of medical equipment like crutches or braces but I am hoping I can find some that will help me. I think getting around would be easier if I had crutches but I definitely can't have much strain on my hands or wrists.       
Hopefully I can get some braces sooner than later. My wrists and elbows could really use it. My hips are the worst but I don't know how much braces would help. That and hip braces could cost a ton and on top of the other ones I would look like a robot or buzz lightyear. Haha. But I just really want to get to a point where I can function.      
I am new to all this and still going through the process of finding all the doctors I need and getting my diagnoses. I am curious about the platform crutches but any advice or insight is helpful. My pain is just so bad. I am working on getting all my medical needs met so I can have my life back. And I am beyond ready for that to happen.  




 Yeah I have been wanting to take a ballet class. But I am in too much pain at this point. Once I get better pain management I will probably take classes again. I grew up doing ballet so I am already fairly familiar proper ballet posture. I just worry that it's still not what my body should be doing.  




 My mom always does this thing now that I am an adult she feels the need to buy me things despite not having much money. When I don't want her to buy me anything she gets upset so no matter what I end up feeling guilty.       
My dad just never talked to me when I was young. Now he gets seriously sad when I don't want to spend time sitting at his house doing nothing for the weekend.         
Not sure what I'm being punished for.  




 Apparently the way I dress. Lately I have had a lot of people be concerned or confused and ask questions. It also pisses a lot of people off and they assume I have some kind of weird need for attention. It's really strange when random strangers are more worried about my appearance than I am. 




 Paper cut. I legitimately have a paper cut scar on one of my thumbs. 




 This is a small one but for some reason sticks out in my mind. A friend of mine hosts a trivia night at a bar and another friend and I go play every week. Every once in a while the first friend will recycle questions from several trivias ago. There have been a few that he has asked a couple times but there is one in particular that is something like "What musician is also a popular designer of neck ties?". I feel I should add that I am a 23 year old female and the friend I play with is a 50 something male. Every time I answer Jerry Garcia and every time he argues with me. But then I am always right because those neckties are fairly common. 




 I generally do wake up exhausted. I usually just get six hours of poor sleep every night.  




 I just use melatonin for sleep and that's all I need. Amatryptaline made me want to jump off a bridge.  




 Even 100 mg makes me loopy and tired. 




 Gabapentin makes me sick. I can hardly take 350mg. I can't imagine taking 900. 




 Yes. 




 Yeah I am very familiar with weed and have tried it all. It doesn't work for my pain. Best case scenario it does nothing but give me the giggles, worst case it helps some of my pain and amplifies the rest, or it just gives me a severe headache. When I was younger it used to give me hives. Really just not my thing. Unfortunately narcotic pain medication actually works for me unlike many of us.     




 Ah. Well if she is into it then I suppose you should stick to it. Ha. 




 You're plenty attractive, but it's weird that you're using photobucket stIll. 




 Your stature is large enough that you could use to put on some muscle. I also recommend boxer briefs. Tighty whities don't really look good on anyone.  




 Some of your pictures aren't very flattering, others are absolutely stunning. 




 Not a fan of the second picture but yeah, you know you're pretty.  




 You look like an action figure.  




 Your eyebrows are nicer than mine. And I'm a girl. Kudos. 




 I'm not usually into blondes but it.looks great on you.  




 I just think a lot of people fall into places in between those.  




 I like the hair. Not so much the facial hair. Can't see your facial structure but you seem to have nice features. The shirt is a bit of a turn off for me but if you're into it then rock it. Despite the shirt I say 7/10. 




 Personal preference I guess. The people that are attractive to the normal social standards aren't generally the folks I find attractive.      
Also when it is only 1 through 10 I feel like decimals are important because the round numbers aren't specific enough. Probably because I have chronic pain and am all too familiar with the 1 through 10 pain scale which I think is dumb. 




 Looks good. Cute face, I find Asians attractive. You look young though.      
7.5-8/10 




 Nice facial structure, smooth features. Like the other person said, kinda plain but only ar first. Upon further inspection you really do have nice features. It's just so subtle. Which is cool because you have a lot to work with and could try lots of styles with hair and hats and glasses and so on. I think you look good.     
At first glance 5 or 6/10 but you're actually more like a 7.5/10 at least. And then personality would play a role. You have a serious case of husband face. Which in my opinion is a good thing.  




 Too pretty.  




 Haha. I'm like 5' and 130. But yeah, you are probably pretty chill. I'm not much of a social parasite myself. Haha.  




 If you don't already know that you are horribly cute that would be dumb. At least an 8 by looks alone. Mor or less depending on personality.  




 Very handsome. Hard to say but you are *at least* a 7 but could easily be a 10 depending on perspective and personality.  




 You will learn to cut yourself some slack. Not only because you have to, but because chronic pain makes you incredibly strong. I am 23 and know how you feel, some mornings I can't get my shirt on because I have so much muscle pain. I'm still getting there. Some days I am bitter and angry because I shouldn't have to go through this. But as time goes on it becomes easier to except.       
I had to go on leave from the job that I love after finally getting my life together  and go back to my hometown 2000 miles away leaving my home and boyfriend so I can try and get a diagnosis. I have been here for about three months and it just keeps looking more and more grim. There is not really treatment good enough that I will be able to go back to work so now I have to apply for disability  which could take years.      
I can't say it's not eating away at me on the inside, but I am fighting it because I have no other choice. At the same time I know I am strong and it will only make me stronger. I'm sure the same goes for you. It's okay to be disabled. It sucks. But it's okay and we will still have fulfilling lives, it just takes a little extra fighting.       
From what I have seen people with chronic pain are some of the strongest people out there. You will be okay even if it does seem so.       
If you need someone to talk to for advice or support or even if you just need to rant/vent/bitch about *anything* feel free to PM me. It is really nice to talk to people that actually understand.  




 Yum! Thanks! 




 I don't think I know of anyone who goes too often.  




 Yeah I'm about to be diagnosed with ehlers-danlos syndrome. Most of the treatment is preventative and just treating the symptoms. So there are no great solutions.  




 Yeah I can't exercise until I see a PT and find out what I can do without causing more damage to my body. 




 Isn't tramadol a narcotic? 




 Maybe. I'm waiting for my diagnoses of ehlers-danlos syndrome and have most of my pain because of my tendons and stuff.  




 No, I'm back and forth between Seattle and Idaho. So there are plenty doctors. But my actual home is New Orleans.  




 Thanks. I have realized they take me more seriously and trust me more if I bring my mom with me. 




 seriously.  




 Yeah I smoke occasionally but it does nothing for the pain. 




 Yeah I'm familiar with the risks. I'm just at the point where I would like to function for a while.  




 All I have is chapstick.  




 Oh my god you just made me realize that I had a dream where I was eating chapstick last night.  




 I don't know why someone downvoted you. If nothing helps but the meds I would much rather deal with a chemical dependency than not be able to walk down stairs.  




 Likewise. I'm just past the point where I can handle it emotionally. 




 Yeah I wish the non narcotics would work for me. But at this point I don't even care and will take just about anything that will actually help. Waking up some days and not being able to put on a shirt is not okay.  




 Yeah I have tried several things and some of them help a tiny bit but my pain is so severe I can't do anything. My doctors know I had to quit my job and travel 2000 miles to get treatment and be near my family to support me. But I have been dealing with this level of pain for so long that I can't handle it anymore.  




 I am on cymbalta and gabapentin. Gabapentin does nothing and I think the cymbalta might even make it worse but it keeps me sane. My mom was sick of me being in pain so she took me to an urgent care and they gave me tramadol which I liked because it didn't really make me high. I am still waiting for all my diagnoses to happen so basically all my doctors are doing the bare minimum.  




 How am I in so much pain at 23? How am I supposed to live with this much pain and no pain management? I can't even keep up with people twice my age. I want my life back. If I were a doctor I wouldn't want to give me a regular narcotics prescription either, and personally I would rather not be on them long term. Being stuck on pills to function would suck. But you know what sucks worse? Not being able to function. I just want enough to get me through the day. The kind of day where I can go to the store *and* even take a shower. I don't even care about having pain, I just want it to be low enough that I can feel like a person and do person things. I don't get the point of this, why do I feel bad for wanting the pills that help? Is it wrong? Am I supposed to just stay in pain? Because this makes me feel dirty like a drug seeker.  




 I add decimals when I answer. The difference between a 6 and a 6.5 can make a huge difference for those of us who are so familiar with pain. 




 I'm one of those idiots that just freezes. Almost every time I am in a threatening situation I just don't know what to do. The only exception is if there is a kid or something. Then it's like that where I don't think and just act. I am completely useless when it comes to protecting myself.  




 I needed some pain medication for legitimate reasons but failed to procure any legally today before a road trip I am on. My uncle gave me some of his. So that. I'm also not wearing my seat belt because I need to lie down. I'm so hardcore guys. 




 Yeah, one of those shitty hairstyle magazines. 









 I was just thinking about this. About how many people are so healthy. Mainly because I don't know what it would be like to be healthy. But there are so many things that could go wrong, and that one thing that goes wrong sets off ten things to fuck up, and so on. And then you can end up with these two things going wrong that together cause another side effect. Then there's a ton of other things to get fucked up.        
I have also noticed that most people with serious health problems tend to have other unrelated health problems. I suppose that is just poor genetics though?  




 CAN WE PLEASE START REFERRING TO FEMALE MASTURBATION AS JILLING OFF?!??! I NEED THIS. 




 Have you ever delt with anyone with a vomit fettish? I have been trying too see if it has come up in this thread. When I was in my teens I had a yearly summertime fling that was into that. I never really did any of that with him. There was sort of an incident but it wasn't his idea. I feel like that kind of fettish isn't all that uncommon but at the same time I haven't seen much of it. You would think that it would be at least as common as a poo fettish.  




 I wish we did that in the US. I would be totally ok with getting my ass hit for being bad rather than being stuck in a cell for a few days.  




 That's my cousin.  




 I would like the hair if it weren't for the muscles. It could work with a lean rock climbing body type. But buff + ponytail = Fabio. I'm sure you could model for the cover of romance novels though. 




 I know but he is saying I am one of those girls that thinks it's cool to be all hardcore and wear Metallica shirts. Which is not what I do. It seems everyone in this thread is more worried about my style than I am.     
I am just confused because when I was playing bluegrass for a living my style seemed like no big deal. I feel like someone would have told me that I am a shitty hipster or if I was wearing a Metallica shirt. 




 I believe in equal rights but I try and avoid feminism and preechy people in general. Just because I like my armpit hair doesn't mean anything.       
I don't think labeling people is really a fair thing to do and personally I have many influences so there is no single category I feel comfortable being placed in.     
But when it comes to my fashion sense there are a lot of hippie influences including belly dance and fire dancer kind of apparel. Most of my friend groupe is pretty punk rock so I do a lot of that. I really like the 90s punk style.        
So I am whatever that's called. 




 Most guys I hang out with don't care about that sort of thing. Many people have realized it is a stupid thing to care about.  




 No thank you.  




 What vest? 




 Thanks. 




 Ha no. I was working as a musician for a while and a contortionist sometime during then. Then I got a job working at a dog rescue which was amazing and I may go back to that if I can but I stopped working because of health problems.  




 Ha. No way. I can hardly braid.  




 I am. I'm half white half not. 




 No, I did a few months ago and he just shrugged. Besides, I don't care that he doesn't shave his armpits. And considering the last couple women he dated he doesn't really care about that sort of thing. 




 What do you mean?  




 Haha. I do what I can . 




 I'm not really any of those things. 




 It's a waste of time for something so unnecessary. I like my body hair and so does my partner.  




 The piercing look?  




 That's the thing. It shouldn't be gross for girls and not guys. It all happened during WWII because all the men were off at war the razor companies started advertising to women. Which is a silly reason to shave. I think my body hair is feminine.  




 Securious. 




 I don't even know how that site works. 




 Yeah I am quite fond of my nose. 




 They're good live. Not really my thing though.  




 I think I have one of their patches. I saw them a while back.  




 I'm not interested in most dudes so it works out. I don't fuck guys that expect me to shave my armpits. Haha. 




 I really want to know. Haha. 




 That's ok. I have had bangs my whole life and have kept them because I have a tiny forehead. Ha. 




 No more sore shoulders!  




 I hate metal. As a matter of fact I am a bluegrass musician.  




 I'm not sure I get it... 




 I have a bunch of health conditions. One of my diseases causes all my tissues and ligaments stretch and tear so I can't really exercise besides swimming and I don't drive so I don't have much opportunities to go to a pool.      
And with all the chronic pain and fatigue I could give a fuck less about the couple pounds I should lose. I like my figure anyway.  




 I hope not. Haha. 




 Hahaha. Yes. 
























 The last doctor I talked to (pain specialist) was like "why do you want a diagnosis, would that make you feel better?" and "Sorry I don't have some kind of magical power that can fix you." I'm not even kidding. She really said that. And she is a university doctor!          
1. It would make me feel better if I were able to get proper treatment for the ailments that I have.       
2. I DIDN'T COME HERE BECAUSE I THOUGHT YOU WERE MY FAIRY GODMOTHER! I WAS UNDER THE IMPRESSION YOU WERE A DOCTOR OF MEDICINE!        
And that is just the most recent doctors visit I have had the displeasure of experiencing. But it is a pretty good representation of the past dozen or so. All I want is for them to treat me like my illness is not somehow something I am managing to do to myself because I am a shitty person and actually treat me. It would also be wonderful if they even mildly respected my knowledge of my own body.       
I don't even know what to do now. I just can't get through to any of them. I told my pcp recently that I think I have POTS and she completely ignored me and continued asking me the same shit she does every time I see her and then telling me my diet is shitty and I need to exercise. Even though I am not even overweight. She also seems to be convinced that I have some kind of std despite the fact that I have had the same monogamous partner for a year and a half and haven't even had sex with him since I left home for treatment months ago. I'm also clearly not running around shooting up meth.        
Okay now I am just bitching. My point was that since doctors don't actually like to listen to people maybe I can get their attention with medical words and bright colors. So I made a very child like flow chart (it was going to look nicer but I was in a hurry). All my symptoms and traits are in green and connected to the corresponding condition. All of the conditions are related to the main one which is ehlers-danlos syndrome. One of my doctors knows I have it but doesn't give a shit to get me diagnosed.       
I figured if anything it puts things into perspective a bit.        
It's kinda dumb but I do plan to make a rheumatologist look at it.       
[Here is said masterpiece.](http://imgur.com/q6RpbJx)       
Don't laugh at me. Or do. Haha. I don't really care about anything anymore.      
EDIT: For the record I did see a psychiatrist at the University pain clinic and he seemed impress by how reasonable I am about everything and that I am actually knowledgeable about medacine and my own body. He thought all the ideas I had about treatment were good ones. So it's not like I'm not communicating with my doctors poorly.         
I am also at the point with my health that I would be relieved if it were some kind of horribly aggressive cancer. At least I would know the rest of my life would involve treatment rather than being told to fuck off. 




 That's who I have been seeing. The first one told me that my conditions are too bad for him to even know where to begin treating me so he just wasn't going to try. The ones I have been seeing are the university specialists and now they aren't bothering to try anything either.  




 They won't even fucking give me tramadol.  




 No problem. 




 Back and forth between Seattle and Boise. Or near them anyway.  




 Yeah I'm trying to take control of my health but I still need to have doctors that will take me seriously. I am thinking about drawing up a color coded flow chart for them to look at. Haha. 




 It's fine.     
And yeah I'm basically ready to take something even if it does have its downsides. The pain I have every day would be fine if it just lasted a week. I have a really high pain tolerance and if I had to withdraw from a drug I could deal with two weeks of horror. My pain is a consistent 6-7 pretty all the time which really isn't that bad. Except for the all the time part. I just want to be a normal person and do people things. I'm 23 and feel like I'm 63+ health problems. It's not okay anymore.  




 Ehlers-danlos. So I also have osteoarthritis and a bunch of shit that is already listed in the post.     
I'm in the US. 




 My pain is caused by a connective tissue disorder. Which is listed. I am not entirely sure what kind of depression or mental illness I have but I know that *before* I was on the cymbalta I was mentally unstable. Now I am fairly stable. Had I not started taking it there is a good chance I would be dead by now. I was already screaming and crying and punching myself in the head every night before I was on it. Which is why I fucking take it. 




 So are fingernails but thats not exactly what Im getting at. But thanks for downplaying my most severe life obstacles.  




 Oh no, I wont be getting off the cymbalta. Its the only good thing in my life. 




 My CRPS isn't my main problem. I got that diagnosis from a pediatric rheumatologist 7 years ago. My main issue is my widespread soreness in my muscles and joints. Which there is basically no treatment for. So I am pretty much fucked.        
My emotional distress would not be an issue if I could physically function in a way that resembles normalty beyond getting off the couch to pee. Because that's almost all I am capable of.  




 Maybe. But I don't want curls. 




 Thanks. 




 Um. I know that I got on the drugs in the first place because my depression was unmanageable and I was crying and screaming every night about nothing. It's not like I have the blues. I have a fairly severe mental disorder. 




 I just checked and the information about my thyroid is in my response.       
I definitely wont be getting off the drugs that keep my chemically balanced enough to stop me from tearing all my hair out and running into traffic. Thats pretty non negotiable. Mental health is important. 




 Didn't I? My thyroid levels are sub-clinical. I see an endocrinologist for it and its stable enough. It just worsens my anxiety and makes it difficult to stay hydrated. Its not the source of my pain. 




 My mom used to tell me I was the smartest and prettiest and blah blah when I was a kid all the time. Apparently I would respond with "No I'm not." I think she thought I had horrible self esteem issues. Which could have been the case. But I'm pretty sure I was just being realistic.     
Not sure why it went like that with me. From what I am reading your reaction is the norm. 




 Seriously. My sister used to call me fat all the time when I was a kid. Then puberty happened and I developed a delightful case of anorexia that lasted a couple years. But justice was served because she got pregnant around the same time and never lost the baby weight entirely.  




 I'm not really sure what you're getting at. Are you saying my pain isn't that bad?     
I'm 23, about 130 lbs, and my diet isn't perfect but I don't eat much sugar, I eat a lot of veggies, I try to eat a variety of grains, and I eat meat but not a ton. But I don't actually eat very much because I cant often stand long enough to cook for myself. Some days I just have a bowl of oatmeal because its easy. Today I had a sandwich someone gave me. I also try to eat plenty salt lately because its hard for me to stay hydrated if I don't. 




 Yeah I need some braces for my wrists and so on. Which I will discuss with my doctors tomorrow. I also am interested in possibly some elbow crutches or something of the like. And I don't know who I would have to see but I definitely want to be monitored to avoid addiction. My sister is a junkie and it doesn't look fun. So I'm not looking to ruin my life. I just want to have one. 




 Actually my CRPS is not that bad. Which I am thankful for. I get really brief flairs that don't hurt that bad usually in my feet but also in my hands and face.    
Oh, I also fit the criteria for fibromyalgia. But I contribute that mostly to the EDS.     
Most of my pain is actually from the Osteoarthritis and EDS. My joints are pretty worn down but one of the biggest issues is that because my tendons and ligaments wont do their jobs my muscles are constantly working overtime. So I basically feel like I worked out super hard for several hours yesterday. Every day. I also just tend to get random sharp aches like you get when you're sick. If you know what I mean. But mostly I hurt around my tendons and stuff, the larger ones especially like inside my hips (where it connects to my groin), my neck, the insides of my elbows, behind my knees, and so on.      
I am not being treated for my thyroid as it is currently sub-clinical. It mostly just makes it hard to stay hydrated and makes my anxiety worse. I'm not underweight or anything.      
I was on fluoexetine for a couple years as a teen. It makes my anxiety worse (so does trazadone). For some reason things tend to work the opposite on me sometimes. Like the allergy meds that are supposed to give you energy make me sleep.     
The cymbalta only makes it a tiny bit worse and I really like that it helps me hold on to my sanity a little so I will be staying on that. Other than that I am only taking vitamin D4 and C as well as melatonin to sleep and the occasional Tylenol or ibuprofin which generally do nothing except sometimes help my fevers.         
At the moment I am not sure how willing I am to try any other kind of medication for depression or anxiety. I have a lose grip on my mental state and I cant afford to lose that when my physical self is in such poor condition. I wont get into my depression right now but when I'm not on my cymbalta or if I take the wrong thing its not pretty.     
Like you said the narcotics wont help with the POTS or AD. Whats weird though is that they do help with some of the symptoms. The couple times I have had narcotics in the last six months I didnt get any fevers and when I would stand up I almost never got dizzy and lost my vision like I usually do. But other symptoms stayed like when my blood pools while I shower and it made it harder to pee than usual. Its like when I am not in crippling pain my brain can actually focus and maintain my body temperature and blood pressure better. Or something. Thats my uneducated guess. Ha.      
When I was given tramadol I think It was 100 mg every 6 hours. It always wore off in 4 though so I was back in pain for a couple hours until my next dose.       
I guess I kind of understand why doctors don't get how much pain I am in. I don't even know how it could be this bad. The times I have had pain pills I would stop taking them for a day or so because I would think "oh its not that bad, I don't need these I can just buck up and function fine without them". And then I get knocked on my ass again by how much everything hurts. This whole thing is so stupid. I am constantly exhausted of myself. I don't expect everything to feel better, I just want to be okay enough that I can live some of my life. I haven't lived long enough for this to be how the rest of it goes. I cant even put on a shirt sometimes. And then I have people telling me I should do yoga or some stupid shit. As if I'm just not motivated enough. Its not like I am too lazy to take a shower today. I just fucking cant. 




 I am just wondering if it can be done as waved as opposed to curls? Like instead of it getting wrapped around a curler is there like a double curler where the hair does a figure 8 around two of them? Is this a thing? 




 Hi.
So I have been wondering if hair can be permed in a way that instead of being curly it can be wavy. Like when you wear two french braids all night and the next day it has nice tight waves. I don't really know how perms work so this is probably a long shot.     
The other issue is that I don't even know if it would work for me. My hair is about three feet long and I have been dying it forever. Its actually surprisingly healthy though because genetics and the fact that I don't keep up with dying it that well because its close enough to my natural color. I also bleached it for the first time ever after years of dying it black but there was no noticeable breakage. It bleached great at the roots. The rest not so much so its sort of doing a stripey ombre thing. Which is fine.       
My hair is just sooooo straight. All I want is for it to look big but I look dumb in curls.      
         
[This would be nice.](http://cdn.hairstylestars.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/Long-Wavy-Hairstyles.jpg) Or maybe even a little tighter. 




 Ah. Yeah its just a basic hardware store. 




 I am a 23 year old female and it made sense to me too. I'm really not even sure why its supposed to be funny. Looks like I should go to the doctor and make sure I'm not actually a dad. 




 Well I am wondering what the second line therapy is then? I have taken all of the OTC options. I am on Cymbalta, which makes my pain worse but keeps me sane. Amitriptyline made me depressed. With Gabapentin it made me so loopy that I couldn't even taper up to the regular beginning dose and it also gave me really bad myoclonus so I stopped trying. So what is the next option?     
Also my chronic pain is not ill defined. I failed to include my conditions because its hard to remember them all. I will edit that in. 




 I like my men and my women to have their natural armpit hair. 




 I really is sexy and feminine. 




 I'm not sure what you mean by rewards. A couple years ago I quit shaving everything except for my bikini line and directly around my vulva. Nothing has really changed, I don't feel less rewarded. The only real difference is that I am more comfortable and feel sexier.     
I am not arguing or anything. I am just curious as to what the benefits are to shaving. 




 Same. It seems all the ladies on here that don't shave are saying its because of the discomfort. Which for me is a factor. But the main reason I don't shave my pits is because I think it is sexy and womanly. My armpit hair looks pretty good to me, I also like to bleach it because I hear blondes have more fun but I'm not that committed. I also just don't understand why I am supposed to shave them. Its such an odd social standard that that women aren't supposed to have body hair. How is it more feminine? Can someone explain this to me with a real answer? I may have to make an askreddit post. Which I'm sure will go over badly. 




 Hello, chronic pain sufferer here. I am 23 and have a crappy number of health problems. They have always been an issue but for a long time I kind of just thought I was lazy or bad at taking care of myself, but it turns out that is not the case. About ten months ago my pain, fatigue, and other symptoms got significantly worse.    
That is when my life stopped. I left my job, dogs, home that I share with my boyfriend, and basically my entire life and came 2000 miles back to where I am from so I could seek medical treatment and be supported by family. All I want is to get better and go back to work and my relationship. Now it looks like I will have to go on disability.    
The issue I am trying to get at is that I am having a hard time getting my doctors to take me seriously. I have two pain specialists, one I will be seeing tomorrow as well as a psychiatrist at the same pain clinic, and I also have a GP. The specialists are great and seem to care but they also don't seem to think my pain is as severe as it is. My GP seems to think I am on heroin or something. She treats me like everyone else that thinks I just don't know how to take care of myself does.     
What I am getting at (sorry, ranting a bit, brain fog) is that I have tried every non narcotic medication I know of besides Lyrica and none of it helps. I would rather not take narcotics but if it means being able to go to the store AND shower in the same day then I will gladly go for it. I was given tramadol briefly and it was great. I know it is still addictive and all that but it helped enough of my pain that I could actually take care of myself enough to feel like my life was worth living. Another great thing about it is that it didn't get me high like opiates do (or at all). Which is awesome because I don't want to be high.     
I just don't know what to do because I'm doing about everything I can to get better but doctors don't seem to trust me or take me seriously enough to help. I don't think that medication will solve everything, but if I had them I could go to physical therapy, be more active in trying to fix my health, and so on.      
I'm hoping someone might have some insight on my situation. I know there are a lot of liability issues doctors have to worry about, but maybe there are other factors and reasons I don't know about? How do you normally go about pain management? Why cant my doctors take me seriously?        
Sorry for all the text, I meant for it to be much shorter but my thoughts aren't very linear at the moment.     
        
And one more quick question. Why cant I find fevers listed as a symptom for autonomic dysfunction? I know the autonomic nervous system regulates body temperature. I know I have autonomic dysfunction. And I know I have low grade fevers off and on every day. Am I missing something? Is that not what my fevers are from?           
EDIT: I guess I should add my conditions. Complex Regional Pain Syndrome, TMJ, Hyperthyroid, Early Onset Osteoarthritis, Depression, Anxiety, Autonomic Dysfunction, POTS, and last but not least (the source of most of my problems as well as the one that took the longest to figure out) Ehlers Danlos Syndrome Hypermobility Type.       
That's everything I have been diagnosed with so far as long as I'm not forgetting anything. 




 I just looked it up. That's like the prettiest one. So many more neat pictures.  




 I was already only on 100 mg a couple times a day which is less than the starting dose anyway. So I'm sure it's fine that I stopped taking it. Especially considering it is a seizure medication that is giving me bad side effects, I imagine it's better I be off it sooner than later. I haven't been taking enough to need to taper off so it's all good.  




 Well your pain is very real and a lot of us had to realize that we weren't just being sissys. I am 23 also and have found a ton of comfort in online communities, primarily this one. So you have us now and we know exactly what you are going through.       
On the subject of the whole yeast infection thing, which may not apply to you seeing as it is chronic. Which could mean that's not even what it is. But whenever I get one (which happens whenever I use the wrong soap/laundry detergent, take antibiotics, or swim in a lake, so often enough) I peel a clove of garlic and use it as a suppository. It is the best remedy I have found for it. I know it sounds gross and hippie but it is the best for me.      
But anyway,  if you need someone to talk to feel free to PM me.  




 :)
 




 I'm actually kind of pissed off at them. No, I am pissed off at them. People are idiots. Do they not understand what CHRONIC means? It means constant pain. All the time. Every day. Fuck them. I wish I could talk to them. I really do. If I could just magically call them and have a conversation I would absolutely do that. They have no idea about how much pain effects so many people. I mean I'm sure they know. But as soon as they know someone with it they assume it must not be that bad just because they sprained their ankle once.     
Sorry, I'm kinda ranting. It just pisses me off. Don't let them get to you. You know how real your pain is. I know how real your pain is. We don't need that shit. Don't let their ignorance make your day worse. And don't forget how strong you are for living your life despite what your body puts you through.  




 I do it really bad in my sleep also as it generally only happens when I am relaxed. I think that the normal falling asleep jerk is actually a different thing though. That happens when your body starts relaxing quickly and your brain interprets it as falling so your whole body jumps. Or something like that. But a lot of people have little jerks and twitches while they sleep. My best friend got mad at me because I slept in her bed and kept her awake all night. Haha. 




 Feel free to x-post it if you like.  




 Wow, that's crazy.  




 I like it. It's fun and exciting. The mystery about it is fun. My boyfriend and I were so bad at having sex with each other at first. Learning how to get in sync was fun. Now we have it down to a science.  




 I live there too and it drives me crazy. 




 That's awesome.  




 I'm not supposed to talk about it.  




 It's pretty amazing. That was the first one I found that prompted me to find more.  









 Awesome. I will find your Facebook page then. 




 Yeah I figure I will find the right doctor eventually. Sooner than later would be ideal. It will be much easier once I am staying with my mom because she will keep me motivated and take me everywhere. Once I do find a good doctor and get disability I will just have to cross my fingers and hope that once I go back home my doctor there will be willing to continue whatever treatment I am getting. Having a disability is so convoluted.         
And thanks. Maybe I will look into the modeling stuff when I get home. I still don't really know if my appearance is still up to par. I am mostly concerned with my skin but I guess that is what photoshop is for. Haha. I really like being naked and posing nude, my boyfriend on the other hand feels a little differently about the subject. So that's a little bit of an issue but I don't think it will be too problematic. As long as the photographers are legit which I'm sure is generally a non issue if they are contracted by SG.       
I really appreciate your advice. Especially with the idea of modeling again. I wonder if maybe we could stay in contact a bit. It would be great to have someone with EDS to talk to sometimes. Especially seeing as you're sort of my kind of people.  




 How quick people are to be confrontational and take sides. People behave so differently in the big subs than they do in smaller ones. It makes behavior that would never be acceptable in a regular online setting become suddenly okay.       
I like askreddit because there is a lot of neat and funny content and I love reading interesting stories people have from their lives that I would otherwise get to know about.  But it can get ugly fast and it happens all too often. The littlest things are unacceptable it's silly. Like if you include a 'haha' in your comment there is a good chance you will get downvoted. There is just a strange superiority complex among the familiar ask redditors. I once had a bunch of downvotes because my comment had a typo/grammar mistake. It makes you worried that you have to be careful if you want to be part of the discussion.     
On that note I'm not going to proof read this before I hit submit.  




 It hurts when I wipe. 




 Yes. Not often, but it's normal.  




 Their use of the English language. I have heard a disturbing number of people say "conversate" in place of converse. It makes my IQ hurt.     
On a side note I also hate when people even say converse. Some say it naturally but I feel like a lot of them are just trying to sound smart. Though I may just be slightly delusional.  




 Exactly. They would end up creating all the technology we would need to do all of our regular functioning for us. I suppose I am picturing the people in Wall-e more so than Idiocracy. 




 Me too. I highly recommend using Hershey's dark chocolate cocoa powder to make hot chocolate and add a little bit of orange extract. It is seriously the best hot cocoa I have ever had. I am kinda obsessed with it. 




 My wrinkles smell weird.  




 Not to mention the people that "are just being honest" and "telling the truth" think that somehow being truthful justifies being a hurtful piece of shit.  




 It's weird because they have seen me cry when I start talking about how all I want to do is just going back to work. I have pain specialists but they don't drug test because they don't prescribe anything, they just tell my pcp if they think I should be prescribed anything. I wish they would drug test me. I am going to find another doctor a state over where I will be for a while so I will offer to take drug tests. I did learn that if I bring my mom with me to the doctor they will take me seriously and trust me with narcotics. (My mom took me to an urgent care because she couldn't deal with me being in so much pain constantly and they gave me tramadol). Hopefully when I establish a new doctor and bring my mom with it will work out. I also have an appointment with my pain specialist on Monday as well as a psychiatrist with the pain clinic. I'm worried they will still think I shouldn't be on the stuff that works and allows me to function at least a little. At this point I don't expect to be able to go back to work but I at least expect to be treated well enough as a patient that I can get decent enough management that I can go to the store and take a shower in the same day.      
I really don't get how everyone else is able to get treatment but me. Maybe that's not very accurate but it's how I feel. I am always completely honest with them. I tell them that I want less pain but I also want to be careful with meds because my dad is an alcoholic and my sister is on heroin. While my dad is very functional the last thing I want is to end up like my sister. I am seeking drugs so I can have a life, not ruin it. I get that the regulations on narcotics are pretty serious and I know they don't want to give those meds to someone my age but shit. It sucks being 23 and feeling like my life is over. I am already going to have to go on disability and I already left my job and home where my partner is to come 2000 miles to get better.       
My pain makes my depression so much worse. And the fucking brain fog. I can't even think straight. I'm so irritable all the time. My jaw hurts so bad sometimes that I end up on a slimfast diet for weeks at a time. Half the time I don't even want to eat because it all puts me in a weird mood. I can't wait to see the psychiatrist. I think they will understand better. I hope.       
And about the modeling thing. Part of me really wants to but I am not nearly as photogenic as I used to be. I am also not as fit and my skin is bad now. So even if I could become a suicide girl I probably wouldn't be a very successful one. My boobs are totally saggy. Hahaha. 




 They assume I am a drug seeker before I even open my mouth.  




 Thanks. 




 Also, I was just thinking, if the straightforward thing doesn't work there is a 'final straw' option. When they keep trying to hassle drugs from you  just say "The medication I have I need for myself and I am not allowed to share them, but if you would like to go get some of your own I would gladly break your nose for you. At least I would be kind enough to know that you will need them and not ask for any."       
That should effectively get someone to fuck off. 




 Exactly. And in most cases they are just curious. For me the worst is when they just want to give me advice like they know what I am going through because they pulled a muscle once. I hate being treated like I'm just not taking care of myself. As if I would be in this much pain and not be doing everything in my power to fix it. Like if I were to just exercise it would fix everything (except how that is what caused the problem). But apparently I am just lazy. 




 I creeped your history, SG, very cool. I thought about modeling with them when I was 18 and cuter. That sucks that you are open about it publicly and people give you shit. And seriously, a grill... it's 2015. Marilyn Manson and Flavor Flave rocked it back in the day but that shit really isn't cute anymore. Obviously people like that aren't to be taken seriously.       
Keep doing your thing and the people that just want to be confrontational can go fuck themselves. It doesn't even mean anything, no matter what you do someone will find something they think you are doing wrong. It's unfortunate that in this case they are poking at an issue that is already a struggle in your life that causes you hardship. I really find that the best way to deal with it is to be blunt, straightforward, and honest. If they are persistent even after that cut them off and don't even tolerate it. It's not worth it for you. And I know it's hard to burn bridges rather than pleasing everyone but it's a quality of life thing just like the medication you have to take every day.         
Now that I saw a couple of your pictures I actually have a question for you. How did you get your doctors to take you seriously and trust you enough to give you narcotics? I am a young, small, and "alternative" (or fucking whatever people call it but I hate that term) female also. I have several conditions that cause chronic pain (I'm about to be diagnosed with EDS as well) and my doctors are all pretty familiar with what is going on with me. Yet despite being aware of the fact that I can't even dress myself some days they don't think I need narcotics. The only non narcotic I haven't tried for my pain is Lyrica, aside from acupuncture and other alternative medicines. What sucks is that I don't even need anything too strong. Even Tylenol 3 will make me well enough to go to the grocery store. All I really want though is tramadol because it doesn't get me high. I know I'm young but jesus. I just want my life back at least a little. Why can't doctors take me seriously?  My pain specialists are alright but my pcp  totally thinks I am on heroin for some reason. Most regular family practice doctors seem to and most specialists don't take me seriously.      
I guess I am just wondering if you have any tips or insight. I have been wanting to talk to someone else that has tattoos and weird hair colors and so on that also has chronic pain for a while now.      
On a side note, why are there so many cute girls with EDS? Haha. 




 Yeah I have an appointment with her on Tuesday. But I'm just going to stop taking them.     
For some reason things effect me the opposite of how they should. Prozac and Trazadone make me anxious. Day time allergy meds make me sleep. Now gabapentin. I take cymbalta too and it makes my pain worse but it keeps me sane so I stay on it. I am a bit of a medical conundrum, you would think doctors would take interest and want to try and treat me but instead they just think I am dumb and full of shit.  




   ^_^ 




 Are you near a university with a pain clinic? That's what I go to. They are kinda weird as they don't order any test or write any prescriptions themselves, instead they basically just tell my primary to do it. It's strange and usually it would piss me off, but my appointments with them last an hour long and they ACTUALLY listen and care and try and solve the problem. Which is awesome.       
I don't know if they are necessarily like that at other universities but if they are it's probably worth it. 




 I have been getting them for a while now and they keep getting worse. At first it was just in my legs and stomach, now it's everywhere and ever since it started happening in my shoulders and stuff (near my head) I am more stressed out about it. It happens the worst when I am relaxing. I seriously look like I have tourettes or something.      
I had done some research before and saw a couple things that might make sense but I started to look it up again today and I realized it might be from my gabapentin. I have been on it for a month or two but I am only on 100 mg three times a day. I am trying to work up to the 350mg dose but they make me way too loopy. Even if I take it at bedtime when I wake up to pee I end up stumbling down the hallway.      
Anyway, I was looking for articles about gabapentin causing twitching and such and I read something one person said. It was something like "My doctor said it was a good thing I came in when it first started happening because they could have become permanent." So that sounds great. I know I shouldn't be worried just because of something one person said and I couldn't find anything else about it. But still.        
I called my doctor but she's not in today. I think I will just stop taking it since I am already on a really low dose.    
So I am just wondering if anyone else has gotten the weird twitching thing from gabapentin or know anything about all that.  




 People should be more understanding. And from my experience honesty works really well when it comes to getting someone to take you seriously. Even children work that way.      
I'm not opposed to lying in certain situations which would need to be gaged from person to person and whatever other factors. But that would be my second choice as to how to deal with that.      
Yes people are dicks and it's easy to just get them to lay off the easy way but as far as I am concerned honesty works just as well. I try not to be spiteful. There is also the bonus factor that if they do come to an understanding that people on narcotics don't all think it's fun and want to share or even talking about it, maybe they will think twice about bothering the next person with a prescription.  




 Yeah I would have to cover my entire body with them. Hahaha. 




 Seriously! I hate when I am crying while telling my doctors about my pain and they just want to talk about my mental health. My depression is not the cause of my pain. As a matter of fact it is the other way around. Actually, I have never been as insane as I have been since my pain started getting bad.     
I am so tired of being tossed around from specialist to specialist like a damn potato. It's like every one of them is going "Not it! You touched it last!". I am beyond ready for one of those fucks to just give me a damn prescription for tramadol already. But like you were saying, it just doesn't work that way. I feel like they won't even take me seriously despite the fact that I had to derail my whole life because of my pain. At this point I'm not even expecting to get fixed enough to go back to work. It would be nice to be able to go to the store or even take a shower though. I know tramadol is still addictive and blah blah withdrawal and so on. But I would much rather have a physical drug dependency and a life than constant intolerable pain and no life. Also, it doesn't even get me high! Which is totally cool.    
Did I mention that I'm 23? So there goes my life and apparently I will have to wait 20 years for a doctor to be willing to give me narcotics to actually manage my pain. If the non narcotics worked I wouldn't still be asking for pain relief. I would rather have my job back and not deal with drugs or pain but that's not an option. All I get is pain and no management.       
Sheesh. I am kinda angry all the time.     
Sorry for hijacking your rant. 




 Yeah I wouldn't even tolerate that. Just be blatant about the fact that it is entirely medical and something you require to function. Not something fun for you to share with the world. Also point out that it is highly personal and not something you want to talk about.       
Why did someone call you a junkie for wearing a pain patch? People are awful.  




 I don't think that makes a difference.  




 Is this supposed to be shitty things?      
I talk to a lot of other people with many health problems so it doesn't seem that weird because there are tons of people dealing with chronic pain and other health issues. But I suppose the combination of health problems I have is unlikely. Some of them are rare, some commonly come with the others.      
Here's my list: CRPS, POTS, TMJ, fibromyalga, ehlers-danlos hypermobility type, autonomic dysfunction, osteoarthritis, migraines, and hyperthyroidism. Not sure if I'm forgetting anything but basically I am a hot mess. I have a pretty full schedule of being in constant pain so I don't do much.     
Genetically I am pretty interesting so there's that. The CRPS (effecting 1 in 4000) and the ehlers-danlos (1 in 10000-15000) are the most uncommon things I have so far.      
There are all kinds of symptoms I deal with every day between my conditions and my meds including the ones that aren't painful, just annoying. Not to mention the mental conditions on top of all that that I didn't list. There is almost no part of my life that is not effected by it all. I won't get into the details unless anyone is interested.  




 Same. That is way too much life. It's not like I'm suicidal or anything. But after a couple hundred years I'm sure I would be.  




 On anyone. It's not even necessarily the accent that bothers me, it's the improper sentence structure and mixed up words. Also the use of words that aren't real like 'conversate'. A lot of times if you pay attention they will use double negatives and subtly say the opposite of what they actually mean. It irks me. 




 I'm not even sure I understand what you mean.  




 Haha. Dressing like a  whore is fun sometimes.  




 Not really messy. I am female and my sister is seven years older than me. I was 18 or 19 at the time. My sister had already had a kid by then so breastfeeding hadn't effected her nipples. We used some ice to coax them out and then I pierced them like you would with any other nipples. Now the piercings kinda hold her nipples out. I used regular bar bells and hollow needles. 16 gauge which is the normal size.  




 When I go to hand someone something and they make me wait for a bit before they put their hand out to take it. Or when someone has something to hand me and I put my hand out and they just set it down in front of me. I'm kinda irritable sometimes.       
On that note I hate when people give me advice when I don't ask for it. Particularly when it comes to all of my significant health problems including chronic pain. I really want people to stop recommending yoga and acupuncture. It is way to frequent of an issue for me. I am very active in trying to find the right treatment to get better but somehow people treat me like I am failing to do so. 




 Haha. Fun. My sister used to have innies until I pierced them. Now they're normal.  




 Never. 




 That's amazing. I have light nipples too but not that light. Someone told me my nipples look like bologna once. That was nice.  




 Same. I love how my boyfriend smells. I also like how I smell and the combination of both of us. Armpits smell nice a lot of the time. My best friend has nice smell. 




 Nope. 




 I had a boyfriend who had a dad we would house sit for occasionally. For some reason the back room and the bathroom were just really creepy and uncomfortable. Nothing too crazy, the house wasn't too old and it was a small place. In the back room there was a closet with a shelf up top that could be taken down. If you did that and flipped it over there was two child sized footprints burnt into the wood. No one knew how it got there and it clearly wasn't done with a wood burner or anything. So there was that.    
My personal experience was in the bathroom though. Whenever I showered in there I was always incredibly creeped out. Every time I had to slide open the shower curtain I would get the most unsettling feeling, and I'm not one to get creeped out easily. In my opinion even if there are ghosts or what have you I would have no reason to believe they are anything to be scared of. The thing that finally scared the shit out of me involved this weird shower timer. It was this little, plastic, round wheele that suctioned to the wall in the shower and it had a five minute sand timer mounted inside of it so you could start it when you got in and be finished by the time it ran all the way through. I didn't actually use because it was unnecessary. So it's just sitting on the wall with all the sand in the bottom and I am trying to get done with my shower because I am feeling creeped out. I had just been looking at the timer and I turn around to rinse my hair which couldn't have taken more than 30 seconds. When I turn back the timer had been flipped and somehow had ran half of the way through. For a few seconds I froze and just stared at it in disbelief. Once I finally believed what I was seeing I got the fuck out of that bathroom as soon as possible.      
I still have no idea what that was about.  




 Trying to relax so I can get off. 




 Someone once told me "A cannibal would have a field day with your thighs."     
As you may imagine, I have fairly large thighs. I am fully comfortable with that fact. Though that comment was slightly off putting.      
That was also the same person that introduced me to Reddit. So hi Tom.  




 I work at a dog rescue. So most of it, but primarily compassion.       
Also hosing down the pooper scoopers without misting myself with poo water. I learned that one the hard way.  




 No I agree. I'm just saying from my personal standpoint it would be fine once or twice in an emergency. But obviously it's past that and they are just taking advantage.  




 Jabba the duck. Jeez. (You know you can't swear on the Internet.) 




 I like your commitment.  









 Yeah I have heard of people that can smell it. Personally my menstrual blood doesn't smell much. Occasionally it will smell a little and I can tell. But even if it did all the time I wouldn't really care.  




 The bears can smell their menstruation.  




 Fellow gwc girl here and wow. Great body. 




 Yeah if it's happening constantly they are obviously just taking advantage and they have crossed the line. But if it happened a couple times I wouldn't care.  




 Seriously. It could look absolutely identical and she will still know it's not her cat. Turns out they actually have personalities. But I'm pretty sure this post is fake anyway.  




 I mean when someone needs a tampon it's fair game. Girl code and all. I wouldn't care if someone I didn't really know got into my drawers to find a tampon. But when it's happening all the time and they are using a bunch of other toiletries too that's not kosher. Bitches know how expensive that sort of thing is. I would totally put a lock on my door. 




 People already think they are in some high position to give people advice when they are in a shitty situation. Like somehow being a healthy person qualifies them to coach a sick person. It is stupid and backwards. I am 23 and have to deal with this plenty.      
People also tend to do this with teens. As if anything they say is going to make a difference. Having been teens before we should remember that we didn't give a fuck about any of the advice given by adults. It's not the point. We have to figure our shit out on our own.     
That sucks that you are in a situation where both of those things apply to you. People are shitty. It's not even just when you're a teen. Everyone like that stays shitty. You could be 35 and you would probably still be getting the same generic bullshit 'advice' from people like that.      
Just try and brush it off. You have your own thoughts on your situation and that's all that matters. Keep coping and handling it in your own way. Luckily there are places like this where there are people to talk to that know what it is like and many of us can disregard your age because that's not what's relevant.  




 That was very helpful. Thank you. Luckily I have good insurance for the time being so if there is medical equipment I need then I'm not too worried about it.     
Also I just had to leave my job working with dogs. I love those stupid squishy faces. 




 Damn.  




 After I had my own miscarriage I looked up a lot of pictures and saw many like this. So this picture wasn't very 'WTF' to me. Just gross to think about.  




 Personally I would just ask one of the bag boys for help out. But I generally have my boyfriend shopping with me so he takes care of those things.  




 If/when I get to the point where I am more confined to a chair or scooter I would probably just ask an employee for one of those tall poles with the hook on it to borrow it while I shop. I'm sure some places have a policy against that but there are often little solutions like that.      
On the whole having more benches thing I absolutely agree. I have a connective tissue disorder and get tired really easy so I am often looking for somewhere to sit. A lot of the time I find a wall or something to sit by if I need to and just deal with the weird looks I get.  




 I'm almost 5'1'' and I don't have a problem asking. I just put on the cute girl act and people are always nice.  




 People like that make me want to freak out. I can't understand how anyone could have the kind of mindset to think it is okay to behave that. Even most children know better. You would think they would at least have really solid evidence to back themselves up before resorting that behavior. It's like they are asking to be made to look like a piece of shit.  




 Exactly. I generally walk myself but at times I could use a wheelchair. I'm currently looking into a cane or platform crutches. I have gotten dirty looks getting up from the grocery store scooter to get something off the shelf. It's ridiculous that people automatically think that just because you are using a chair or scooter means you shouldn't be able to walk or stand. In my case it doesn't help that I am 23, look healthy, and have tattoos and piercings. Despite how someone looks they could easily have serious health problems as much as the next person.  




 No. It's not flat. 




 Even obese people who are handicapped because of their weight deserve some level of respect. Chances are they have an eating disorder. It's the same as people like me who have a problem with picking at their skin religiously or someone who starves themselves. It's an impulse control thing. Yeah they eat too much. Some of them are dicks about it like anyone else. But it's still their personal problem and clearly it is severe. They could also have a thyroid deficiency or a head injury that causes them to gain weight. If they need a scooter or a closer parking space because their joints are bad due to their size then that is their business.  




 My mom used to watch E.R. when I was a kid. There was a scene where a surgeon got his arm chopped off by the tail propeller of a helicopter and then he immediately threw up. It freaked me out. Somehow House of 1000 Corpses didn't bother me. 




 Ratios.  




 Drugs. 




 Constantly. Especially when I am having an imaginary argument with someone. For the record, I always win. 
























 Still. 




 Yup. 




 Ah ha! 




 It depends on what it is, the person's health, and how extreme it is. But for a contortionist with no health conditions that cause it they would have to train very carefully and make sure their muscles are toned just right, and so on. In that case it would be no more dangerous than being a runner that takes care of themselves. Though there is always something that could go wrong just like any other athlete. 




 Finally. I was beginning to wonder if you even existed. You really don't like them in any kind of preparation?  




 I'm right there with you. I hate the radio. 




 In a field at a festival. It was way late so there weren't many people out, but it was the main stage field. I was in a long skirt and we stopped after a minute and went back to his tent. That guy is the reason I get turned on when I am in a tent now. 




 Every once in a while I look up how to do an emergency tracheotomy to make sure I remember. Just because it could be useful.  




 Potatoes. I have been trying to find someone who doesn't like potatoes in any context.  




 Smoking crack.    
Just kidding, that would make a way more interesting show.      
Seriously though I would need to bathe more, put more makeup on, and maybe trim my armpit hair.  




 That makes me sick. I can understand cruelty towards other people more than animals or children.  




 I was working at a dog rescue recently. There are so many embedded collars. I can't believe how many people can do something so horrible to such sweet innocent critters. Some of the sweetest dogs I know have sickening scars all the way around their necks. It's heartbreaking. One of my favorite dogs ever has it and I hadn't even realized until I felt it. It made my stomach drop. People are disgusting. Dogs being tied up with zip ties, extention chords, and massive chains to be left outside like a lawn ornament and forgotten.  




 People talking. Especially when it is completely unnecessary information. Or some stupid conversation that other people are having while they find it appropriate to be loud enough that no one around can miss any of the story. Then there's people like my mother (who I love dearly) that will turn a simple question into an essay by rephrasing it six times so you have to answer it over and over.         
Fuck, I need quiet. I am such an irritable dick. 




 Hypermobility. As in being "double jointed". I hate that term.      
So I know a little about contortionists and plenty of the medical side of being hypermobile. I like anatomy. All the things that can go wrong are neat.      
Not that that is all that interesting to anyone but me. 




 This isn't that bad. But when I was a teen I was covered in severe hives for three months. My whole body was covered in hives. My hands and feet would get extremely swollen as well as my face and throat. I had to go to the ER a couple times because of my throat. A couple nights I would wake up and my lips would be inhumanly swollen. So I had to constantly worry that would happen to my throat and I wouldn't wake up until it was too late. I already have really shallow breathing when I sleep.       
I also have a medical condition that has several different types. Out of the six types one of them can cause potentially fatal heart problems. But I can't get any doctors to think it is important enough to get me to a geneticist so it can be tested. So who knows. 




 You can often tell you are fertile by the consistency of your discharge as well. Normally around ovulation is when your discharge becomes clear and a similar consistency as snot. (I know that is a gross compression but you know what I mean.)      
So yeah. Vaginas are neat. 




 No I'm on mountain time. But I don't sleep much so time doesn't matter.  




 How do I summon you? I need this in my life.        
*I am so alone.* 




 Yep. 




 Those little craft kits and stuff. Chemistry sets are the shit. Ant farms. Those ltitle bug caching sets. Even a magnifying glass will keep a kid us for a while.      
I'm a 23 year old woman and I really want a fucking ant farm. 




 Posted nudes on reddit. He is not too keen on that shit.      
[For the record I deleted the most recent ones.] 




 I tried one of those on top of my cymbalta for my chronic pain and it immediately made me feel hopeless so I didn't take it again. But I know they still do wonders for a lot of people.  




 I was on them in high school and briefly when I was 12 and they didn't help. That was prozac and welbutrin. So I have done what I can to manage my depression and anxiety on my own. Then about 10 months ago I began to get sick and it kicked my depression into overdrive. I don't know what it was but I went totally crazy. I was constantly pissed off and pretty much every night I was screaming and crying and punching myself in the head/pulling hair out/or digging my nails into myself until I bled.      
It was really scary and I was completely unable to control myself.        
So I saw my doctor and she prescribed me cymbalta. Somehow I got lucky and that was just the right one. I still get depressed about things but I am not insane anymore. It doesn't make me weird or anything, I feel like it made me myself again. Now I am terrified to get off of it.     
I should add that it definitely suppressed my sex drive. It is actually kinda nice because usually my lebido is all over the place and driving me crazy. My boyfriend doesn't have a very high sex drive and now we're long distance so it actually works out. It also makes it hard for me to orgasm which is a little annoying.  




 My dad is white. Mom is Hispanic and Filipino so her and my sister are totally brown. I was born brown but it faded fast and somehow I am white. I feel you.  




 I seriously can't stand people constantly trying to give me advice. As if I never thought about fucking yoga before. Like I don't mind feeling like shit and haven't bothered to try and fix it. Somehow they think it is more important to them than myself and I am just dumb because they totally know the answer and I am just stubborn. Ugh. 




 Yeah its my new favorite term. 




 That I can't work or anything because of my health. I need to get on disability but I am sick of people giving me shit for it. All I want is to go back to my job but I can't. It's not like I think it's cool to need to get on disability at the age of 23. Unfortunately it is necessary. Yet people can't seem to believe that I know what my body is and is not capable of. It makes me feel like I am lying. I constantly have to remind myself that I am not faking it and mentally go through why I know my conditions are real. 




 How many random strangers gave me dirty looks. Sometimes I notice but for the most part I am oblivious. When I am with other people they are always put off by it and point it out. So it makes me really curious how often it happens, I assume a lot considering how many of them actually make a point to be rude. 




 It always works for me. Whenever I have to do it it's because I have a bunch of hard smallish poops that are all trying to get out at once like it's 5 am on black friday. A finger in my whisker biscuit can get those bastards to go single file and I save myself from bleedy fissures that stain my panties in the wrong spot. 




 That has to have pretty high water pressure. Maybe I just have a tight asshole but I feel like it would take an unsettling amount of pressure to make it in there. 




 Only when I have to. It's just a job. *I'm so misunderstood.* 




 Or sheets of used gauze. 




 It just doesn't make sense because we have been so committed to each other. We have plans for the future. Even a couple weeks ago he was talking about getting a house.  




 Ever since I went through puberty if I get a cold or some kind of flu it lasts 1-3 months. It sucks. Luckily last time I got sick I had strep and managed to get rid of it in a few days by drinking a whole bottle apple cider vinegar.  




 Yeah I saw a really great psychiatrist at the pain clinic I was going to here but then I saw one of my pain specialists right after. She was refusing to be helpful and even said shit like "Sorry I don't have any magical powers that can fix you" and "Why do you want a diagnosis, would that make you feel better?". So I probably won't be going back there.       
I figure I will find another psychiatrist ar some point.  




 Never seen that before. I bet that is super convenient. I would want the extra plastic to waste though. I have a weekly pill sorter. I love it. The boxes for each day even pop out so I can take one with me if I leave for the day.       
[I need to decorate it](http://imgur.com/W9IQvFu) 




 Um. I think there is kind of a general rule where we're not supposed to encourage people to kill themselves.  




 My general practitioner there isn't qualified to treat me. The pain clinic basically told me I was too far gone and didn't even know where he would start with treating if he were going to. Which obviously he didn't, he just turned me away. And the rheumatologists wouldn't let me talk and spent *maybe* a whole three minutes with me and then told me to go get some x-rays of my back which I have no problems with.       
Since I have been away I have had another three doctors pretty much do the same thing. Apparently I'm not supposed to mind that I have crippling pain all the time at age 23. 




 "I try to continue living as well as doing what I can to make it the most bearable. It involves a lot of crying and Netflix. Yeas of expirence has made me one of the best in my field." Haha. 




 I might be interested.  




 Yeah that's pretty sucky. 




 Ha. Yeah I just thought I would point that out.  




 I think so to but I am imagining that once they knew there would be a child it was too late to find the guy by then. 




 This is really the best way to go about that. 




  Maybe your dad know he was having sex with his precious little girl in his own home. That would force me to kick out any one that was not family also.        
         
I think that if someone related was fucking your daughter they should be kicked out too.  




 I think it could be forgivable. Dad's tend to do stupid things when they think they are protecting their daughters. Everyone fucks up and has secrets. It would be much different if they already knew she was pregnant when he had him leave.  




 I think he might admit it is she goes about asking the right way. Even good people have dirty laundry.  




 Well gabapentin is sometimes used to help prevent seizures but every once in a while it also causes them. And I just happen to be prone to getting weird side effects that sometimes are the opposite of what is supposed to happen.  




 I know how it is. Every disappointment just pulls you down further. Everything just keeps getting more fucked. But it eventually does have to get better. 




 Haha. I get you there. My pain has always been around but it became unbearable when I got more physically active. I had to quit my job and leave my life behind to get treatment. According to my doctors the only way to get better is exercise. So that's cute.  




 It's not crazy ramblings. I know exactly what you are dealing with. My depression  was really fucking me up when I first started getting worse with my pain. I eventually had to leave my job that I LOVED. It's totally shitty. So when you say your life is shitty I believe you. But it will get better and you will push through it because you have to. You are allowed to feel dumpy but you have to keep in mind that it will get worked out and you will feel better and get to be happy again. And I'm not saying that as a person who got better. I am still fighting to get there and dealing with every stupid fuck that inevitably makes it more difficult. But it's all we can do, in the meantime we have to just try and find things to occupy ourselves so we are less miserable.  




 You are not alone. Nor are you a wuss, we all had to come to that realization. I completely understand how you are feeling. My depression is pretty severe whit my pain on top of it but luckily I found meds that help. You may be in a shitty situation right now (and believe I totally get how that is) but you will get to a point where it will start to get figured out. I try and convince myself that I know there will be a solution so I can have a life again because I am positive that there is much more my life will have to it. There is just no way I am meant to be stuck unable to do anything. I know how that sort of thing is hard to accept when everything seems so fucked and you are trapped way down under your depression but it is real.      
If you need to vent you can PM me. 




 Oh jeez. That's crazy. As long as you were only eating food I guess. Haha. 




 Now I wonder if gabapentin was doing that to me too. But I think it's normal for me to want brownies constantly. I had to stop taking it though because it was giving me pretty severe muscle seizures. That was annoying.  




 That's amazing. How are we not friends? 




 Yeah tramadol makes me a little weird. For some reason I never want to eat on it. And it does make me constipated but not as bad as everything else.  




 I know exactly how you feel. Even most doctors I see tell me "diet and exercise" and then pretty much tell me to fuck off. Even though I'm not even overweight. I hate that so many people can't grasp the idea that people like us don't have that small of an issue. Yeah sure if I have a head cold I will make tea with lemon and blah blah whatever. I even had strep a while back and I cured it by drinking a bottle of apple cider vinegar. But tumuric is not going to touch my connective tissue disorder. It is fucking absurd.      
Even my dad won't fuck off about drinking kefir. I like probiotics and all but I have a different problem. Maybe some of that shit will help a tiny bit but not as much as my real drugs do. The next person that tells me to stop taking my cymbalta and start meditating is getting punched in their stupid fucking mouth. Yall don't want to see me unmedicated. 




 Yeah that sounds like a whole different flavor of crazy. Haha. 




 That's not what they are talking about though. We know weed helps a lot of people and that's why people get medical marijuana. Doctors don't generally prescribe parsley.  




 Step 1: Quit behaving like a dick. 




 I like to craft and alter my own clothes. I hardly sew but it doesn't have to take much. I also have made stamps and decorated my own shirts and stuff.       
For a while I was working as a musician, I mostly play my banjo ukulele. It's really nice because it is way easier on my hands than a guitar or mandolin or whatever. I was starting to learn stand up bass but that is not only way hard on the hands but it is basically a full body workout. But ukuleles are great and don't take too much physically. Lots of fun to learn.      




 Damn. Hopefully you can just try some other meds out. I take tramadol because it doesn't get me high (I tend to enjoy the high other stuff gives me so I avoid it). I would like to get Tylenol 3 for breakthrough pain because while it does make me high it also makes me sleep so I would only take it if I really needed it. 




 Oi. I have EDS also. 




 Thanks. Yeah I have been thinking about trying CBD but I haven't really had the chance. And the whole money thing. 




 Yeah I know plenty about weed. I just cant.
I am female but it's a bit of a grey area. Ha. I might actually be interested in testosterone and it's side effects except for the emotional ones. I am already an irritable person.  




 Thank you!  




 I absolutely agree about going to a tattoo parlor. I got my nose pierced at 15 in a salon and they used a gun. Which is no bueno.       
It may take some shopping to find the right artist. Lots of tattoo shops have a shop minimum that would be a huge waste of money for a little dot. But there are reasonable tattoo artists out there that will give you just the right experience.  




 I have never heard of any kind of bad reactions for our type from getting tattoos. As a matter of fact I have seen several of us that have plenty tattoos. Like /u/sidsuicide who may be able to chime in on this one.      
I imagine that the only issue could be skin tearing if yours is fragile. Mine isn't very fragile but some parts like the insides of my arms are and my tattoos do fine there. You also might take a little extra time to heal than others. But if you are getting a little dot you should be pretty safe. My best bet is that it will be fine as well as look great. Dita Von Teese has that and she definitely rocks it.      
Good luck.  




 Yeah that is basically what I have been doing but every doctor I see won't take me seriously. They refuse to acknowledge that maybe a diagnosis of a disease they're not familiar with could be important. I'm 23 and had to quit my job that I loved (I cry every time I see a doctor because I just want my life back) yet they just tell me diet and exercise no matter how much information I give them. I have asked for tramadol because it helps a little and also doesn't get me high but despite my demeanor I am treated like a junkie.      
Does weed work for you? If it did for me I would just use it all the time regardless of what state I am in. Unfortunately it just makes me worse.  




 I see. I'm  stuck with a fibro diagnosis right now too. 




 That is interesting, thank you. What is weird is that I definitely have serious POTS symptoms (get dizzy and lose my vision when I stand up and shower). I also have some skin stuff like cigarette paper scars, fair skin with visible veins, vericose veins, but what is weird is that it's not stretchy at all and it also isn't fragile.  




 Thank you!  




 I honestly would love to have an outdoor toilet.  




 Yeah it is so tedious. That's nice that it helped with being in the hospital. I'm 23 and have it all figured out and still can't seem to get any doctors to take me seriously. Despite the fact that I am obviously in enough pain that I had to quit the job I loved and leave my home 200 miles behind to seek treatment.      
All I have gotten as far as diagnoses is fibromyalga and arthritis. I am fairly certain that all my suffering is caused by EDS, POTS, and dysautonomia.  




 Thank you. I will have to do that.  




 Wow. Why? Did they think you didn't fit enough criteria?  




 I am worried about it a bit despite the fact that I fit so much of the criteria. Also how many of you have more than one type? It seems fairly common but I have mostly seen people with hypermobility and classical. I suppose that might just be because they are the two most common though.      
Any tips on dealing with doctors and obtaining my diagnoses or anything of the like would be appreciated as well. I'm having a rough time with doctors and pain. 




 Yes. Sometimes I have to to help relieve the pain. 




 One of my best friends wasn't given a middle name so she could choose it herself. She chose Indigo.  




 Awesome, thank you.  




 No shit dad. 




 That would be so great.  




 Oh yeah? 




 Gives me headaches and hives. Doesn't help pain. 




 I understand. But I would absolutely trade whatever beauty I have to be free of pain. 




 Maybe not the worst but it was the most offensive because of how strong it was.     
Doing laundry for a dog rescue I worked at, I opened one of the bags full of blankets and towels from the kennels that were covered in urine and poopy. It almost knocked me on my ass. We were way behind on laundry so it must have been ripening for weeks. It was also a hot day in the ever so delightful New Orleans humidity.    
Obviously ammonia is bound to be bad but that was a whole new level. Not to mention that they use the towels for cleaning along with bleach. So I was basically working with chlorine gas.     
That was the dirtiest job I ever had as well as the best job I ever had. 




 I was just talking to my best friend about the first person to accidentally make booze and then proceed to drink it. You would think as soon as you tasted it your immediate reaction would be that it must be bad for you. General rule of thumb is that if it makes your tongue numb or burns going down it will probably kill you.    
Then she pointed out that it was probably drunk out of anger; *Shit I stored my wheat outside a while ago and I just remembered it rained a few weeks ago. Fuck. Tits. Oh great look now its all ruined. Look at that its gone completely bad and its all watery. Fuck it. Fuck this. I'm eating it anyway.*     
And then they are all drunk and the world is a better place for a few hours. 




 Any kind of canned product with the tabs to pull them open would break.      




 To not have chronic pain. I am 23 and have had it my whole life. Now it is worse and I know it will never go away. I have tried everything with no avail. It even caused me to leave my job that I loved. I basically cant function or have a life. Telling my friends I couldn't hang out on my birthday sucked.     
In theory I will eventually find doctors that will not only listen to me but actually be interested in treating me. All I can hope for is enough treatment that make me well enough to be able to take a shower and go to the grocery store in the same day.     
I am at the point where if I were diagnosed with some aggressive form of cancer I would be relieved. At least they would have to treat me.        
EDIT: It's nice to hear from the rest of you chronic pain homies out there. We are a large but quiet breed. If you haven't visited /r/chronicpain I highly recommend it. I have gotten a lot of comfort through that sub.      
Also I have  a connective tissue disorder so it won't be getting better.  




 New Orleans was a bust. Seattle hung me out to dry. Now I am going to stay with my mom near Boise. Is anyone getting treatment around there?  




 Dandruff shampoo helps me for a little bit then makes it worse. I use coconut oil on my face and armpits when they are all dry. You can also use it on your scalp and try and ingest a lot of it. If you use it on your scalp leave it on for a while. Like a few hours. It's kinda a pain to wash out but it helps. I also use it on my lady bits when I shave. It's good stuff and it smells nice. I usually find it cheapest at asian markets. It is also antibacterial. If you're feeling brave you can use it in place of body wash if you don't mind being kinda oily for a bit.  




 Yeah I probably will take some pictures. The diagnosis for POTS actually isn't that big of a deal, it's the one for EDS that is more important. EDS would be the cause of the arthritis, POTS, and the dysautonomia. It could also cause heart problems that need to be checked out. The symptoms from POTS are whatever. I can live with it and I have been since I was little. But the pain from the other shit I can't do anymore.  




 I honestly don't care that much about being diagnosed with POTS. But if a doctor would acknowledge that it is probably something I have that would be great.  




 It really does help having her.  




 Ha. No problem. Unfortunately showers are exhausting and make me dizzy. I still haven't taken one and its midnight. Haha. 




 So coo.     
Really though I am all about heathenism. 




 It's amazing how creative someone can be when it comes to manipulating a bunch of other people.  




 My doberman is the same. He chews the cap until it comes off. Usually it's soda bottles. It's amazing how fast he can do it and get the last few drops on the bed and then he licks it off.  




 My step dog cuddles with me when I cry. It's sweet. He also tries to get under the blanket all the time and if no one helps him he is horribly pathetic and ends up laying down with just his face under the blanket. He is such a big dumb weirdo. Dobermans are pretty dumb and pathetic in general. But he did learn the command "Lay down or fuck off" pretty quickly.  




 I wasn't a bully but I didn't go to school a ton and did drugs. I was one of the weird kids, hung out with metal heads. I was a bit of a trouble maker and was probably mean to some people but not on a bully level.      
Now I am a pretty big advocate for being kind and caring. I got my GED, was a working musician for a bit as well as performing as a contortionist. Most recently I worked at a dog rescue which I really love but had to quit because I am having some fairly serious chronic pain issues and seeking treatment is difficult when you have tattoos and piercings and are 23.      
I'm not all that different aside from being more mature. I was a weirdo then and I am a weirdo now. I have just found my niche in the punk scene and the bluegrass scene since then. Got myself a great partner.       
Unfortunately I will probably spend the rest of my life on disability. Turns out I wasn't just lazy and unmotivated, I have just been in pain forever. Which also explains the drugs. 




 Owie. My dog bit me in the lip a while back and it was not fun. Pierced all the way through my bottom lip but it healed up well. Turns out I was pregnant so that's why my dog hated me for a month or so.  




 Yeah I'm on like my 10th one. But I am about to find another and take my mom in with me because she will back me up and is way more clean cut than I am.  




 :( 




 I'm drawing a blank here. Orange is the new Black just put a new season out. But Netflix won't work. So that doesn't help.       
Ummmmm. Yeah no I've got nothing.       
Maybe I will masturbate in the shower later. Looks like that's my opportunity for something that isn't shitty. Hahaha. But then again I might not have the energy. We'll see.  




 My gp is the one that hates me and thinks I am a fat junkie slut. Hahaha. But I am about to get a new one and bring my mom with. For some reason female doctors don't bode well with me. The only ones I have had that will listen are under 40 and male. 




 Yep. When I am in pain I don't even care what it is as long as it is an opiate or similar to one. Tramadol is great, I like that it doesn't get me high. Even Tylenol 3  is fine, it's the only one that makes me sleep but generally if I get it I am pretty desperate.  




 That's the most recent diagnosis I got and I don't like it because there is another reason for my pain. I also just want to be treated which is easier with a diagnosis.  




 My POTS isn't even all that bad. The more pain I am in the more often I get dizzy and lose my vision when I stand up. And any time I shower my blood pools in my legs and I get dizzy. That has always happened so it doesn't bother me that much. When I was little I passed out a few times. I really only care about the constant pain. 




 I know exactly how you feel. The last rheumatologist I saw spent less than four minutes in the room with me. The pain specialist who referred me to him pretty much told me I was too fucked for him to even know where to begin treating me. So after they hung me up to dry I traveled 2000 miles for treatment near family, then those doctors chose to rinse and repeat. They pretended they wanted to help for the first few appointments which is worse.       
I don't blame you for giving up on the rheumatologists. I wish I could but now I am about to hop one state over and try again. As if being sick isn't exhausting enough.  




 It's worth a shot. I am young and have tattoos and piercings so I feel you. If you have paperwork and whatnot from your regular doctors I would bring it. Any kind of proof that you have a regular prescription for it would be great. Same with your diagnosis. Just tell them all of that. Clearly you are in a pinch and my experience with the ER has generally been good.       
Last time I went I told them about all the pain I am in and that I was a week away from my first appointment with a pain clinic but couldn't hold out any longer as my hips and jaw were just killing me. My boyfriend actually made me go. The doctor was really cool and gave me narco which makes me irritable but it was better than nothing.        
The pain specialist ended up telling me there was nothing he could do. Which is what every other specialist has ever done to me. I have always had much better luck with urgent care and the ER.         
This may not be relevant but the only way I can get taken seriously is if I bring my mom in with me because she is clean cut and backs me up.  




 I am in tears every time I see a doctor. So sick of it. 




 Haha. Thanks.  
























 I FEEL PRETTY!!! THIS IS MY CHOICE!  




 Thank you!       
What type of EDS do you have that was tested for via skin biopsy?  




 Haha. I actually look older than I am, my skin is not aging well. But yeah I do have other skin stuff, stretch marks, a couple cigarette paper scars, very visible veins, vericose veins, and I am also pretty pale. My mother is Hispanic and Filipino but I look totally white unlike my sister who looks like our mom. Yet I have the dark hair as well as a big nose so everyone thinks I'm Jewish. Haha... Aaaaaaanyway... 




 I'm sorry it's like that for you. :( You really shouldn't have to go through any of that. But at least you know that you are strong enough to do it, not to mention keep working!      
I am glad that my feelings can resonate with yours though. It's good to know there are people out there that *really* understand.  




 Hahaha. That's probably an auto correct, I'm on mobile.     
And thanks. I hate people like that.    
I was diagnosed with CRPS when I was younger. I am just realizing that I was misdiagnosed. Need to take that part off.  




 Thanks! I have actually been doing pretty much all these things. I always have to bring my mom with me or I will get turned down immediately.      
The only thing I haven't done is dress nice. I don't really have a lot of clothes and even when I pull something normal together it's like everyone still knows! Haha. Even before the dyed hair and piercings. And some of my piercings are difficult to take out or obvious that they are still pierced anyway.  




 :/ good luck lady.        
And holy shit, I had no idea ovarian torsion was a thing. 




 That could be fun.  




 Thank you, I will definitely make that phone call. And yeah. I even made a flow chart woth symptoms and all that stuff. Ha. What sucks is that my symptoms are a bit weird. I am incredibly hypermobile but my skin isn't stretchy. And other things like that.  




 I'm in the US. What sucks is that I have even been seeing university doctors and such. I have good enough insurance to get decent health care which I  am thankful for. But I guess being young and dressing weird makes it pointless.  




 Thanks. You seem too wise for your years.     
I don't think I am faking all the time or anything. There are just frequent glimpses of doubt in the back of my mind. It's frustrating that so many doctors really are just satan. I am fairly articulate, and I can't remember the last appointment I had where I didn't cry. Only a couple doctors have believed me. 




 Exactly.  




 I am seriously in the exact same position as you. I have the diagnoses of TMJ, arthritis, fibromyalga, hyperothyroid, hypermobility, and blah blah. But trying to get them to give a shit about the EDS, dysautonomia, and POTS is a pain in the ass. Not to mention the possibility of mast cell and to check for chiari.       
 




 It has seriously saved my asshole from some major trauma. Haha.  




 I suppose we are so used to sucking it up that we can't help but pretend the pain isn't as bad as it is.  




 Um. You should. Include a photo of yourself with your meds, a smile, and your middle finger.  




 That is so hard. I'm sorry you are going through that. It is so incredibly not okay. I wish we had more resources.      
If there were anything I could do I absolutely would. You will be in my thoughts though.  




 That is so incredibly awful. I hope you have found people who understand and actually have respect for your well being.  




 Yeah. After turning down so many opportunities to go do something I start feeling like a jerk. Like I am choosing it and I forget the real reason. Then I try and go do normal people stuff and I spend the next week recovering. It definitely reminds me how real it is. 




 Seriously. It's like sometimes I wonder if my idea of pain is wrong or something. Almost my entire body hurts. But maybe I'm wrong? Then I remember that my stomach doesn't hurt, but I know what it is like when it does. So there's no way I am wrong about all my muscles. It's confusing, especially on top of the brain fog. 




 That's awful. I'm assuming he didn't mean any harm by asking. But we know what its like. Some days we can accomplish something. But a lot of the time we can't. It's also different when it lasts so long, we aren't always improving so maybe we could do something but it may make us feel worse later.       
 




 That is seriously the worst. It sucks that you're going through that. I honestly feel like doctors are the worst part of my life right now.  




 Thank you, that's actually helpful.  




 Yeah I tried that. Haha. 




 Yeah I like to craft shit. Haha. 




 Yeah I am on doctor #7 of this year I think. 




 Haha. He ate it amazingly fast too. I just barely got the picture and it was gone. 




 Yeah its mainly the doctors that are the problem. I need to start writing reviews.  




 It won't need to be that small. I am fairly familiar with painting. I may also just tape it off and spray paint it. 




 Maybe that's the point?  




 Haha.     
Yeah I have been trying for years but they just won't understand. I am fairly articulate and cry a lot so you would think they would get it. 




 Probably all of it besides the top parts that flip open.  




 I used to be constipated a lot as a kid. Now I usually just get it from pain meds. I can get over most of it but I am so tired of having fissures.     
This is really gross but sometimes I have to resort to the ole 'assisting the poo out by applying pressure via the lady bits with a finger' trick. It's gross but the relief is worth it.        
Lately my stool softeners aren't doing shit.       
(I apologize for the shitpun.) 




 Probably paint.  




 If my suspensions are correct I am probably not the only one who feel like this, yet I haven't seen it be addressed. So I figure it may be good to start an open discussion about it.       
There are probably several factors to this and I know of a couple but hopefully some of the rest of you may have some light to shed on the subject. Having so many doctors/friends/family/and acquaintances say the typical "you can't be that sick, you look fine" and "oh you're too young to be in that much pain, just wait until you're older" type garbage makes a real impact. I'm sure many of you are plenty familiar with some variation of that. I can only hear that so many times before I begin to doubt it myself. Which is on top of my own doubts I already have. Sometimes it's hard to accept the fact that I am 23 and can't function well enough to work. I mean really, how can someone so young have it this bad? All my friends are out and about every day doing all kinds of things. And then I stand up, get dizzy, lose my vision, and have to sit back down. Oh yeah, now I remember what my life is like. Looking back it's hard to imagine I was just being dramatic all the times I would be in enough pain that changing my shirt involved sobbing and struggling and taking breaks.        
Then there's the fact that we live like this. Every day. And this is what our lives are like. It becomes so normal to us that we often forget that it's actually not normal and it is actually really awful. Almost every time someone asks me where my pain is at I say 7. On a good day it is a low 7. But the answer is always 7. I feel like if I say 8 or 9 I am being dramatic. We hide the pain so well that we even hide it from ourselves. Which is a good thing at home, not so much in the emergency room though.       
Every doctor I see tells me I shouldn't go on disability. As if I am doing it because I want to. If I could go back to work I probably wouldn't be here! I would be 2000 miles from here where my home and job are! Yet they never fail to make me feel guilty or think maybe I am just lazy. Really though I am the only one who knows what I am and am not capable of. It's just hard to shake the doubts sometimes.        
I am hoping that by talking about this we can resolve it a little bit. Maybe your input will help me quit feeling guilty about things that aren't real.        
         
[So uh. Yeah. Here is a cute little slug eating a flower.](http://imgur.com/gxIGeYb) 




 I'm sorry you're stuck in that shit right now. But you're not alone. When I am in that sort of situation I just keep going to the ER or urgent care. I always have much better luck with ER doctors than others. Last time I went th doctor was pretty understanding and gave me 52 tramadol. And I don't even have any sort of thing they can see like a cyst. 




 I just wonder why he wouldn't have taken his glasses off. 




 Actually that would be much more reasonable than whatever the real reason is for them to do that. 




 Yeah I know all about that.  




 Yeah. There is often yelling.  









 Hahahaha. I meant cath. My phone is a dick.        
As a fully recovered catholic I hope you're recovery is going well. Haha. 




 You must be expirenced. 




 Seriously almost every doctor I see is convinced I just need to exercise and eat better. I'm not even overweight. Considering my entire fucking life I can safely conclude that the more active I am the worse I feel. I know I need physical therapy but I'm sure it won't help the pain. Even when I do nothing I feel like I have been working out too hard all week. Shit, I get sore from sleeping. If I were to *actually* exercise it would take me at least a week to recover.         
So many doctors are awful. They refuse to acknowledge the severity of my pain. If it weren't this bad I would still be back home and working at the job I love.  




 Also I don't have to catholic but I sort of know how it is to be so dysfunctional that going pee is even a bitch. Autonomic dysfunction makes me have to try really hard to relax those muscles.  




 Thank you. It really is hard losing so much of my life but I have been dealing with it the best I can. But if I lose my boyfriend  (along with everything that comes with it) it would be a lot harder to cope with.  




 Thanks, that makes me feel better. Hopefully we can do the same. 




 Thanks.     
The problem that is causing all this isn't that I am sick, it's because I'm 2000 miles away and have to stay here for a while. He also works constantly so we hardly have time to talk. But we are trying to work it out. We are going to make sure we Skype like once a week at least and try and figure out those sorts of things.  




 I masturbated like three times when I watched that. *I haven't been with another woman for too long.* 




 Spelling. I am a fairly intelligent 23 year old but somehow spelling is impossible for me. It took me a long time to memorize how to spell yogurt. It's never the big words either.  




 I never really have people ask. I'm one of those people who is usually in a relationship so people just assume. But in my scene no one really cares anyway.  




 Suicide may be the only option.  




 It's ok. I appreciate it.  




 Thanks. I'm just having a hard time with trying to make the relationship work when I don't know which way it will go. 




 Seriously. It would make for much better doctors overnight.  




 I have the upmost respect for pedophiles that never actually act on those urges. 




 Yay! Me toooo! 




 I seriously woke up with one on the tip of my tongue this morning. It is driving me insane.  




 It's a bit of a secret society.  




 That's one of the reasons I don't call myself bisexual. I have never gotten any kind of shit for those kinds of sexual preferences. If anything I would be considered pansexual but I don't put much thought into those sorts of things.  




 Usually I am fine with them but I just had the worse one ever. That woman fucking destroyed my vagina with that speculum. I was seriously sore for days. Apparently she has no idea how vaginas work. Pretty sure she scraped a bunch of skin out of there while inserting the speculum.        
As if I didn't already hate her before that. 




 If only we all had as much money as you do. 




 I just feel like they failed on the medical end of the show. The diagnosis didn't make any sense. All they knew was miscarriages. Which on its own would never ever point to EDS. They could have at least added a dislocated joint or skin tearing or at least some vericose veins. They seriously had so many interesting options.  




 This is probably my most hated thing about being a female. For a while I had to ride my bike every day through the city to get to work. On an average day I would get a dozen or so cat calls. Some of them were scary, some friendly but still uncomfortable, and some were crude and disgusting. It really effected my self image for a while and made me hate leaving the house. Especially when the weather was nice and I needed to wear shorts. I am still nervous in public all the time and get freaked out when a guy walks in my direction.  




 I'm a lady and I hardly shave anything or groom all that much.  




 It's just difficult because he insists he wants to work it out. But the little bit of doubt he has scares me.      
And he has one dog (who I call my step dog) but we also work at a dog rescue. So I have a dozen dogs I am in love with. There's one I am supposed to adopt but if we break up I probably won't even go back there.  




 I want his death to be long and painful stuck in the hospital for months and never get any visitors. That's my realistic one.      
But it would be neat if he could become an attractive young woman in a part of the world where women have no rights. I want him to be genetally mutilated, raped, and tortured for a decade or so and then burned alive. I could go into further detail but I think that is enough.        
I should also add that I generally fine it important to be kind and caring to people. But some of them really do just deserve bad things. 




 Maybe not the worst, but the episode of House where he gets 13 from jail. They were treating a guy and eventually his wife as well once they found her in their messy house. They figured out she was the hoarder and had mental issues, then they found out she had miscarriages. *Somehow* they concluded she had ehlers-danlos syndrome and that was the end of it.        
Ehlers-Danlos is a rare, complex, and incredibly interesting disease with all kinds of variation. They could have done all kinds of interesting things. EDS can cause miscarriages, but that is not even a major symptom. And it doesn't help the reputation of the disease that all it explained was the miscarriage and mental illness.       
It was just really disappointing.  




 They aren't wearing gloves. 




 Aside from injuries caused by accidents most conditions that cause chronic pain  (like fibromyalga and CRPS) effect women more than they do men. 




 I just don't know how I can be prepared when I don't know where my future is headed. I have already done everything I can do at this point and I am basically just stuck in limbo. 




 What if that's not the problem?  She just has to be gone for a while and can't be super active anymore. 




 Interesting. I actually don't know much about joint replacements and all that. But that's interesting.  




 Your grandma sounds like a smart lady.     
I don't mind being alone, but I think I will be able to stay social. Worse comes to worse I can set up a dating profile and at least get laid. Haha. 




 That is so awful. There are way too many unbelievably bad dog owners out there. 




 Ha. I have a problem.  




 Ugh! Seriously, what the fuck. It's like the whole understanding and caring thing is just an act and while you're talking all they hear is elevator music. 




 Thanks. I just wish I knew what is going to happen at this point.  




 Had to stop working.       
No real social life.      
Then I had to leave town to seek treatment. So there goes most of my life, my home, and all the dogs I love.      
Now it looks like my boyfriend is getting ready to decide he can't handle me being away any longer so he will probably dump me. He's not even sure he can handle being with me and my shitty health even if I could go back now. He says he wants to make it work. But I know better. If he isn't sure now there won't be any improvement.         
I just really thought this was the kind of relationship that could overcome something like this. 




 Yeah I  can definitely see how that wouldn't work.  




 Yeah I actually don't have that many issues like that because of my conditions. I mean it sucks and I cry at every doctors appointment I go to. But if anything it is making me stronger. The worst part about it besides probably losing my partner is having so many doctors treat me like shit and trying to get someone to listen to me.      
The main problem is the current distance I think.  




 I'm not expecting him to stick around at this point.  




 Yeah would imagine that's about how it is. And I don't technically have my diagnoses yet. But I know what it is. 




 I guess I just thought I was in the kind of relationship that was serious enough to deal with something like this.  




 Haha. I mean it's understandable. And luckily I don't need a wheelchair yet, then when I do I won't need it all the time.  




 Yeah. It's hard to try and fit my mind around both.  




 Well I am hoping I will be able to go back in less than a few months. He has to stay there to work and hold down the fort.  




 Yeah couples seem to work together fine when both people have health conditions.  




 Why wouldn't you be happy? I'm just curious as to what all kinds of factors there are from that side of it. 




 I am going to get on disability. So I will be able to support myself. My plan is to have enough pain management that I can work a couple days a week under the table as well.        
The distance is the main issue. We would still be able to follow through with our plans. I will just be low energy most of the time, I could need surgeries, and I may fall down in the shower  once in a while.      
There is no cure for what I have but it is fairly manageable.  




 I honestly feel like trying to date now that I have these problems wouldn't be difficult. They would know what to expect of me at least. And people seem to find me fairly desirable.      
Also it's not like I am in a wheelchair. I may end up with some braces and a cane but at least they will be decorated all punk rock. Haha. The biggest problems are the current distance that could last for a bit and when I get back I won't be able to go out a ton. But with pain management I will be able to keep myself busy and maybe even work a couple days a week. So it's not like I can't brush my own hair, I just might fall down in the shower or not be able to make dinner some days. 




 I have talked to him and he wasn't sure if he can handle it. I know he loves me and wants to make it work. Before all this he was confident that he wanted to be with me as long as I would be with him. But now it seems his main issue is that he is depressed and the current distance is getting to him. 




 Yeah the second one made it real for me. 




 Now I know that a large percentage of relationships don't work when one of the partners has chronic pain. So I probably shouldn't get my hopes up.        
         
My boyfriend and I have been together for a year and a half or so. Over the past ten months I have been becoming unwell. For the first few months I thought it would get better and just pushed through it. Then I got a more active job and I kept getting worse. After a few more months I was no longer able to work. I saw several doctors and none of them were willing to help me.        
         
When that didn't work out my boyfriend and I both decided it was best for me to go back home to where I am from because I would have easier access to better doctors. I have been away for three months now (this is the longest we have been apart but not by a lot, temporary long distance was fine before). Now it is becoming an issue.       
           
We have talked about it and he really wants to make it work, but he is also not sure if he can handle it much more. I thought it would be fine because we have been great partners together and had plenty plans for the future.         
         
Do those plans become void when one person gets sick? Would you stay with your partner if something like that became a factor? Should I just set him free now?         
             
TL;DR: Got sick. Long distance for a while. Might not get to keep my partner. And I'm not sure how a situation like this is supposed to work. 
 




 I am asking here because chronic pain mostly effects women, and I happen to be having such problems as a woman who dates men.      
If the person you love who has been a great partner became ill and had to be away for a while/would never be able to be too active again would you stay with them? Or do you think it would be too much?  When you make plans with someone to share the future together does it become void if something like that happens?
      




 Probably just a type of dialater. But I don't know if it has a fancy name or something.  




 I feel like that could be interpreted as a sexual thing. Haha. But maybe I just have  too dirty of a mind. 




 That's my issue. I can't put weight on my wrists anymore either. I don't care what doctors say, I know for a fact that the more active I am the shittier I feel.  




 When I was a kid my symptoms weren't all that bad. Sometimes I would pass out getting out of the bath. I was never able to run around as much or keep up with the other kids, but I have always been incredibly flexible. I was in ballet for eight years or so. Then gymnastics in high school which is when I began to notice something was definitely wrong. The more active I am the worse my pain and fatigue are. Now it is fairly severe. Growing up I would complain about lots of aches and stuff. But even as an infant I had a super high pain tolerance. I was constantly injuring myself without any tears. 




 Just watched lie to me. It was pretty neat. Some of my other favorites that are on there are (of course) house, rescue me, nip tuck, Salem was good. Aaaaaand brain fog. 




 I want to do cosplay but the events seem stressful to me. I desperately want to be sexy Mr. Popo. It would be terrifying.  




 Are you also short? But yeah that's probably all there is to it with you shoulder. Also your scapula, the are both just able to extend back further than most people. Not very common but also not that crazy of a body thing. 




 Normally when a joint is hypermobile I would say the muscles around the tendon need to be strengthened. But assuming you don't usually skip leg day I imagine it is already fairly strong there. Do you have any other problems with that knee? If it is ever swollen or tender I was guess you have patellar tendinitis.      
Also is it just hyperextending or could it be subluxing?  




 Absolutely. Where I was working there was a lot of dog fighting in the area. People would use a small weak dog to lure big aggressive ones. So we get a lot of sweet little beat up dogs. It's really sad. 




 Yep. I think I need them more.  




 Yeah its really awful. Some of the sweetest dogs have been through so much cruelty. The little girl I am going to adopt looks like she was a bait dog for shitty fucks that fight dogs. It's so sad. She had clearly been beat up by other dogs a lot. Part of one of her ears was missing and when we first got her she was pretty underweight.  




 Yeah everyone is different. But I figured I would throw it out there. Mine is pretty consistent and reliable so maybe someone will find it useful.  




 This is only kind of relevant. I went and did a somewhat dirty photo shoot with a photographer. He was a huge black dude and he lived in a super nice apartment right in the city with his children and his two girlfriends. Now I am all for the poly stuff and nudity is fine with me. But it was so weird. When I arrived one girlfriend was just leaving, half way through the shoot the other girlfriend arrived. She was really nice (mind you I was mostly naked this whole time) and he showed her some of the pictures and then they sit there for a while talking about how hot I am. It was strange. Doesn't matter, got paid. And the pictures were pretty cool. 




 I gave my boyfriend an ultimatum a while ago. I told him he had to stop treating me like shit or I was leaving. He stopped treating me like shit.  




 I'm not entirely sure what your getting at as I'm not familiar with all the terminology. But I assume if your ankles are weak and you roll them easily without serious injury it is because your soft tissues are loose. What is probably happening is your ankles sublux (when the joint miss aligns but doesn't fully dislocate) and it goes back into place on its own.        
You could possibly strengthen them with the right exercises to a point where they stay in place better.  




 Wow, did that happen to you? That's awful. You should do an AMA. 




 I have been curious about trying them for a while now. They are kind of weird and probably awkward since the ring sticks out and looks silly. And the concept of lining my vagina like a garbage can isn't too cute. But they must have their benefits.       
The reason I am interested is because I get so sore quickly from the friction. In theory the female condom would eliminate that and just leave me to feel the pressure. (I know this is kind of a crude topic.)      
So have any of you used them regularly before? Or at all? What was your experience?         
EDIT: Thanks for your replies ladies. Too tired to respond to each of you. Maybe I will try one out one day. But I assume you are all probably right about them. 
























 Me too! Maybe it gives us more room to be ourselves?  




 I sort of do that. My social skills get poor because I spend a lot of time alone (because I have to, not by choice). I am comfortable with my friends and like to drink with them occasionally. I really don't drink in excess. But if I am also going to be in a situation like that around people I don't know I will definitely need to drink. In which case I am actually able to have fun and be social when I would otherwise not be able to do.       
I am actually ok with it and don't think it's a problem. Under normal circumstances I would just need to spend more time around people to become comfortable. But that's not an option so I just deal with it. 




 I'm not *too* radical. It's fine if it's not your thing. But before I lost my health I worked at a dog rescue that currently has about 500 dogs, not to mention the hundreds more they have been placed in homes. If it weren't for crazy dog people like me there would be millions of innocent and loving dogs with no homes and the amount of strays would be an even more substantial problem than it already is.       
If someone doesn't like me because of something like that I will gladly not have them in my life. Which has always worked out because it gives me more time to be with dogs as well as people who love the same way I do. 




 My dog doesn't like people that don't like dogs. Anyone my dog didn't like gave me an unnerving feeling. Then they all ended up being bad people and doing unkind things to people. I trust dogs more than people.       
I have never gotten along with someone who doesn't like dogs. So I choose to avoid them. I'm not saying everyone else should too. And if you don't like dogs you wouldn't want to be part of my life anyway. I don't give a shit if someone wants to not like dogs somewhere else.       
Dogs just want to love and please people and be happy. It doesn't make sense to me to not like furry happy little critters that are better people than actual humans. They mostly just do cute shit all the time anyway.  




 Plenty. 




 If you smoke that could be why. I smoke but mine would be saggy anyway because I have a collagen deficiency. 
I am 23 and have saggy boobs also. It took me a while to accept it but it's really not a big deal. I am a sexy woman and while my boobs may not be my favorite I still really love my curves. And enyone who matters will love them too. 




 It doesn't matter for everyone but it does for me. Rescuing dogs is a serious part of my life. I'm not saying anyone that doesn't like dogs is shitty. I'm just saying they aren't the type of person that should be in my life.  




 That's true. But dogs are a major factor in my life. Just because someone is decent doesn't mean I can be friends with them. That goes for everyone.  




 Plenty of drugs, some vandalism when I was younger and a stupid ass. Shoplifting but not much. Plenty of trespassing (and one time I didn't get away with it), underage drinking, drinking in public, public nudity, sharing my narcotics, and probably more I can't think of.  




 Perks of Being a Wallflower.      
I'm not terribly into it or anything but I was amazed at how the movie was exactly like the book. All the way down to the vibe of it.      
 




 I'm not sure they nailed it. They were both great though. If I recall correctly the book was fairly different. Wasn't it from the perspective of Cheif? 




 It really was brilliant.  




 "I can't stand dogs."      
I immediately won't trust them. If it's someone that can't be around them because of allergies or a phobia or something that's different and understandable. But dogs are a big part of my life and they also happen to be a great judge of character.       
Edit: Apparently having a personal preference that doesn't hurt anyone else is completely unreasonable and quite controversial.        
On that note, for the first time I have been disapproved of over being part of doing something positive for the world.  




 Yeah it is a really fulfilling job.I had to leave it because of health problems which is a huge bummer.  




 I wish. My great grandfather was a drunken Filipino pirate.  




 It's more about functionality. When it's cold nothing is better.  




 Yes! I have sold merch for a band before and it was a blast. After that I played music with them and made enough money to live off of. At the same time I was also working as a contortionist in a scummy sideshow act. Waaaaayyy more fun than having a real job that makes good money.  




 I be disabled and make nothing and have no income. I have many years of experience in the fields of chronic pain, fatigue, joint problems/deterioration, as well as others.        
I don't mean to brag but at 23 I am actually one of most experienced in my field and age range.          




 Yes. I don't usually care for pure bred dogs. But if they need rescued they are just as great as others.      
I do have a thing for black lab mixes though.  




 I worked at a pit bull rescue. They are the silliest and have the best dog smiles ever. All they want to do is love. 




 Cloaks are totally okay though.  




 Yes! I made a shirt that I painted used tampons on the front of.  




 I have had a friend since high school and we are really close, we actually dated for a while a couple years ago. At the time he had this kinda cool punk rock leather vest that was worn out and faded in spots. Since we were constantly fucking with each other I took advantage of the fact that he was colorblind and convinced him his vest was purple. It was glorious.  




 Mine is sort of the opposite.  




 When I was in high school I had a pair of etenies that lasted forever. Wherever they are they are still in good condition. They are seriously the most comfortable shoes. Unfortunately they no longer match my style.  




 I'm a lady. All my favorite clothes are either from a free box, second hand, and occasionally offline. I mostly just shop at regular stores for basics like tank tops, socks, and underwear.        
I don't wear many colors. Black, white, dark maroons/blues/greens. Also light brown to beige.       
I also alter a lot of clothes myself. For some reason I don't like my clothes to look like they cost much money. It makes me really uncomfortable to dress nice. I mean I will wear a cute dress going out but it will probably be from 20 years ago or so. I am not a materialistic person except when it comes to clothes. My wardrobe is a big part of me. Most people hate how I dress (or are completely fascinated) but but it makes me happy.       
My most notable thing is that I don't use a purse (because I have health problems and they make my shoulders sore) so I wear a tool belt most of the time. It is incredibly convenient.  




 Yeah I kind of expect it will take quite a while.  




 Yeah I am gathering paperwork and trying to get all of my official diagnoses right now.  




 I know I am going to have a hell of a time trying to get mine. I'm a 23 year old gal with tattoos and piercings. Not excited about it but I have no other options.  




 Damn.  




 That's nice that they make it easy for soldiers. Everyone else gets to wait years.  




 That is some really good information. Thank you!  




 [People from countries with similar programs are also welcome.]        
How long did it take for you to be granted? Did they make it extra difficult? If you have any tips or advice for someone else applying that would be appreciated.  




 Probably for the best.  




 Yes they are the best.       
I'm a little bit of a miserable person. Mainly because I have chronic pain. But I am one of those depressed types that is funny and everything is a joke. I have a giggling problem. Not really a problem. But my reaction to most things is to giggle. Apparently most people don't want to laugh all the time. I don't get it. 




 That's what I did. I was 14. I knew better than to think it would be some special moment and I had decided I was ready. There was I guy I dated for a couple months so I just got it over with. He cheated on me then dumped me and I didn't even care.        
Doesn't matter. Had sex. 




 This reminds me of someone I know like that. I work with him once a year at a festival and he is absolutely the largest man I have ever seen yet he has the demeanor of a sweet peppy teenage waitress. But amplified by 100. He has to be coming up on 7 feet.         
This guy is indescribably happy. His face does nothing but smile. I would have a hard time believing that he doesn't also smile in his sleep. When I see him he gets so excited and politely asks me for a hug.        
His size and temper are both extraordinarily notable on their own. And he is both. He may actually be one of my favorite people ever.      
The job we do is security and I think that if he ever had to physically intervene because of someone posing a threat it would make him really sad. He is so good to everyone around him it's crazy. 




 I haven't had that problem.  




 Possibly. But all I was getting at is that there are plenty people that take antidepressants that are perfectly suitable as a partner. There are also other reasons to take them. 




 Yes. I am pretty mentally intact now. But it's complicated. My psychotic depression is caused by my chronic pain, which is caused by a genetic condition. And doctors don't generally don't treat chronic pain in people my age because they are more concerned about covering their own asses than a patient's quality of life.  




 I don't know. If it is healthy and on someone you are already attracted to then it should be fine.  




 Haha. That's awesome.  




 Yes. My skin isn't stretchy though. But there is this, http://i.imgur.com/opdFZKj.jpg.       
I wouldn't feel guilty about it. Just because it sucks doesn't mean it's not interesting. And people like it when someone knows about their illness already.  




 It was the part where you referred to men that don't care as desperate or inexperienced that was off putting.  




 Yeah I don't mind. Most disabled people actually aren't uncomfortable talking about their conditions unless it's embarrassing or something. From what I have seen anyway.       
I have ehlers-danlos syndrome-hypermobility type, POTS, osteoarthritis, dysautonomia, TMJ, and whatever else I'm forgetting. But it's all mainly caused by the ehlers-danlos which is a genetic connective tissue disorder. Which is caused by a collagen deficiency, collagen is basically the glue that holds all of the fine tissue together. So my tendons and ligaments don't really work as well as some other things like small blood vessels.       
It's an awful illness but it is also really interesting.  




 I love it. 




 Turkish Royals are kinda okay.  




 Too late.  You can't take it back now.  




 When it goes all hivemind and suddenly everyone is on some stupid angry reddit vendetta.  




 Cuticle trimmers. I mean they're sharp, not a lot of reach on them though.  




 Me. I'm not even dead.  




 I can't really talk about it right now.  




 They are just the only ones that don't taste like vomit to me. 




 Harold and Maude.  




 You would be surprised by how much a lot of people enjoy things that aren't the perfect stereotype. Some of us are actually quite attracted to regular people and find it rather fulfilling.  




 Genital dirt?  




 Quite the creative sense of humor you've got there. No one would have ever have thought of that joke!        
But seriously, if you want to pay my psychiatric bills be my guest.  




 Wow. Crazy. 




 Yeah that's what I smoke as well.  




 Well for a month before I got on antidepressants I was completely livid all the time. Most nights involved sobbing and screaming and punching myself in the head. It was really scary not having any control over thoughts and some actions. I would randomly yell things at people before the words were even in my head. They just came straight from my mouth. Looking back it feels unreal. The normal me is quite reasonable.  




 Actually, after I wash in the shower I rub myself down with coconut oil. Including my whisker biscut.         
Coconut oil is amazing.  




 I accidentally tripped my cousin while she was super pregnant. She caught herself so it was fine. But yeah.      
Also my  best friend and I had discovered masturbating with the shower head at about  10 or 11. We would shower together and take turns. We knew it was sexual but didn't really understand nor did we put much thought to it. We just knew it was awesome. The dialog that went on though. Oh jeez. "Hurry up its my turn!"... "Hold on I haven't twitched yet!"       
We were weird children.  




 Regular ones I will toss but if they are ones I love (like my jackalope ones!) I will sew the hole up. 




 Too bad you don't have more arms.  




 Cocaine.       
I didn't go to my senior prom. Because reasons.  




 Yes. I'm at least considered a "light smoker" I smoke a half of one at a time and maybe a pack every 3 or 4 days. 




 Apparently.  




 Seriously. I don't even know what it would be like to be at a 4 pain wise. That would be amazing.  




 Not sure what I could do for rescuing dogs or spreading awareness about invisible illnesses unfortunately.  




 So I have one of those extreme phobias that is completely irrational.         
Fucking ladybugs. Even the word makes me feel all nope.      
I am so scared someone would thing it's funny to send me one of those packages that- you see where I'm going with this. I done. Fuck that shit. 




 I don't want to quit smoking because it's one of the few things I enjoy.  




 It's really a problem.  




 Absolutely the worst. It makes me uncomfortable.  




 I think that if there is something like that it's not as sentient as people think and it's not as much some god rather something we are all part of. But then again I don't worry about that shit much.      
I know that as long as I try and make good choice and treat people well and so on then it should all be fine.  




 I'm just misunderstood!  




 This one is cheesy but for some reason it just gets to me lately. I Have to Say I love You in a Song by Jim Croce. And on that sort of note, Trouble by Cat Stevens.      




 I was learning to play stand up bass for a bit until my early onset osteoarthritis kicked in. I'm kind of glad I didn't end up seriously getting into playing that because it would have cost so much to get my own. And I would still have ended up with a 'cheap' one that would need repairs and not to mention be hard to play. 




 Marshmallow girl? 




 I loved mine but it tried to kill me. So that was fun. I love a good kidney infection.  




 I am a 36 C and cheap bras are fine for me. I mostly wear bralettes anyway. Or not even wear one. No way would I spend a bunch of money on something like that.  




 Good! 




 I'm sure it great for the kids to have time with them too. 




 That I should be allowed to quietly have armpit hair and it's no one else's business.        
It's usually an issue with strangers. But it turns out that having armpit hair is a great way to keep people out of my life that I wouldn't want to be associated with anyway. Not all of them, but a good amount.  




 "What do you mean you're sick?"  Particularly when it is followed by "It can't be that bad, wait until you're older!".  For some reason a lot of people refuse to believe that a young person can be disabled.        
And then there's the constant "Have you tried yoga/acupuncture/exercise/tumuric/ground up turtle shells with baby butterfly tears?" Oh I never thought of trying to find ways to feel better! I have been having so much fun being in constant pain and mourning the life I wanted to have! I don't know what I would have done had you not reminded me that yoga exists! Thanks so much! 




 The problem with that is that 'everyone' includes children. 




 The power to make everyone around me giggle uncontrollably. It would be useful for tense situations. Or sad ones. Or just because. Or when the president is speaking on live television.  




 I worked as a server for a bit at this shitty hole in the wall Tiwaneese run Italian joint that was in the business district of the city. Not only were most of the customers awful because of the location but the management was the worst. I'm pretty sure they are getting shut down now. It was a small chain that had their own supplier but the couple that ran it were so cheap and stubborn that they just made all the stuff they were supposed to have supplied.       
They were also really mean and liked to get in my face over nothing. I always got in trouble for things other people did. Days that I made decent tips (decent like maybe $20) my manager would tell me the drawer was short about as much money as my tips were so she would take my tips. They also hired a lot of girls that did nothing and we're super bitchy. So I would be catching the oven AND taking a phone order while my co worker was sitting there texting and my boss would come yell at me because there were dished on a table. Or if I tried to tell her something she didn't want to hear she would pretend she didn't understand my English.              
There was all kinds of bull shit like that. Eventually I got another job that wanted me to start as soon as possible. The next day at the end of my shift I was like "Hey miss Eva, I can't come in tomorrow...... Or at all.... I quit." She was pissed and tried to tell me no. She didn't get her way. 




 Sick person here. For me, basically any kind of regular day a normal person would have. Last time it took me a week to recover. Also almost any kind of exercise is pretty bad for me. 




 Probably not anxiety and PTSD. I'm talking about the bitchen that completely understand what they are doing.  




 I hate when that happens! 
I'm never going to Taco Bell again.  




 They really awful. Why would I want salty berries in my food? Gross. 




 Excuse you? I'm sorry I must not be understanding you correctly.  




 I wish I never learned that. It's making me uncomfortable and now I'm worried that it's going to come up all the time. 




 There are different types of crazy. The kind you really need to worry about is not the ones that need medication. It's the vindictive fucked up crazy bitch that will make a mission out of ruining your life.       
Source; am the medicated kind.  




 Yeah that's nice of your parents.  




 Not everyone can okay dad!!! 




 That's a great idea!  




 Well please then, explain.  




 It is a symptom. I actually just figured it out. 




 I'm bet he realized he was wrong as soon as he saw your books and just kept being awful because it made him frustrated and he didn't want to be wrong. 




 Why would I do something to my body for anyone but myself? I leave that sort of shit to people like you. I don't base my self worth off the acceptance of shitty strangers.  




 I'm not too good at English. Thanks for not getting your feelings hurt over my armpit hair.  




 Why? 




 I live in a country where it doesn't work that way.  




 I asked my doctor about it and it turns out it is actually normal. 




 Haha, yes! I love Simon and Garfunkel.  




 Definitely make a list. I actually made a flow chart recently. Haha. 




 It's still fairly abnormal.  




 Weird! 




 Did they give you anything for pain at least?  




 Haha. I would love to talk to a doctor like that. 
And luckily my hypermobility is very visible so I do show them that. 




 Probably not considering that her feet already have issues. Also her feel look pretty small so I imagine she's short. Standards for being a ballerina are crazy. 
























 The mindset where if someone thinks something you don't they must be wrong. I have been getting some backlash lately over things that seem so trivial. Despite the fact that I always make a point to not be rude or offensive.       
Reddit is such a wonderful place sometimes, but it can also be really cruel and closed minded.  




 Some pretty serious BDSM type stuff.      
I also had a dream a while back that I actually got wet from, I was dreaming I could go down on myself. It was weirdly awesome and I was incredibly sad when I woke up and realized I was actually not able to do that.  




 Someone else that is making noise and moving shit around because they are all frustrated or something. I can't handle people's shitty moods that early. 




 Um. Ladybugs.       
I can't really even talk about it.  




 That would smell so fucking awful.  




 "Let me see that pussy!" Or whatever other vulgar shit like that. I can't even think of any specific ones. It happens every time I am in public. Usually more than once. Riding my bike four miles through the city I have gotten up to 20 cat calls. They're generally crude and make me feel gross.        
It's one of my least favorite things ever.  




 What sort of positive and negative impacts do you make on the world and those around you? Please explain in detail.  




 Aren't we all? 




 Yes. 




 Yeah I would be fuuuuucked.      
But I think it would be more efficient to ask about specific genetic ailments and the severity of them.        
High blood pressureHuntingtons disease. 




 I have been wondering if I have classical as well as hypermobility type.  




 They do nothing for me. 




 I want my head between her legs. 




 When I just watched something and I have to watch it again. Like if someone wants to watch an episode of something and I just saw it. Or someone missed like 30 seconds of a movie and insists on rewinding it but ends up rewinding two minutes. For some reason it really irritates me.       
  




 You can ask for the whole can. 




 One of the genetic lottery ones. I always miss them. But I have a weird genetic disease. It's actually really cool besides the fact that it is ruining my life.       
Edit: it's ehlers-danlos syndrome type 3. 




 There's not much of one. My body has always felt like shit. Just figured out I have ehlers-danlos syndrome, dysautonomia, TMJ, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome, fibromyalga, and osteoarthritis.      
But I am 23 and one of the few solutions is opoids. So they still won't treat me. The last guy wanted me to get a bone scan but wouldn't order it. That's what every doctor is like.  




 Of course. 




 Yeah apparently it's not ok for people to step out of the boxes they are put in. I usually get along with guys really well because it's easy to fit in until someone can't handle it. I also have close girlfriends. Just for the record.       
My best friend's boyfriend thinks I hate him because we tease each other all the time. I don't get it.  




 Yeah I don't get it. I have found that when I hang out and joke around with the boys (you know, normal endearing ornerness) and there always one guy that thinks I am being mean even though everyone else is making the same jokes. It's too easy to come off as bitchy. Gender rolls are confusing.  




 I don't think I am above that, but I am different from that. There is plenty about my lifestyle that other people don't understand or disagree with.      
I'm not saying they are assholes and I would do better. I am saying it is weird to me and I live a different kind of life.      
I'm not sure what about that calls for downvotes. If anything it just means I live an odd kind of life. 




 I'm pretty sure I could rock a penis. 




 I really love my armpit hair. I have also found that is the easiest way to get downvotes and insulting comments.      
Fuck it. My hair makes me happy. I also like men's deodorant and underwear. There was a sex shop that sold some of those shewee products (so women can pee standing up while camping and stuff) but the ones they had were sort of shaped like penises and came in all kinds of colors with sparkles and shit. I wish I had gotten one.      
I have a boyfriend for the record. I just don't understand why and where the line exists between genders all the time. I am actually pretty feminine and don't have any problems with dating and all that. 




 Ted. I thought the humor was really cheap and obvious. It was too immature. I feel like it was directed towards a demographic that I in no way to fit into.  




 It was just so much dialog. I didn't find it charming. Usually Terentino's films have great monologs. I really can't stand Pulp Fiction either. (I know, I'm a bad person) it just doesn't do it for me. I love everything else by him. 




 Percoset. I would be able to do stuff today.  




 I was like 17. My mom's husband spit in my face and his 40 something daughter that was the size of a buffalo attacked me. I left a muffin on the desk in my room.  




 "Hey dad can I have some money?"      
Just kidding. He's an alcoholic.  




 For ten years over a dozen doctors have ignored a patient's chronic pain, see what happens when she is diagnosed with a rare genetic disorder! 




 How does that mean I have to understand them? I don't see why this is controversial. Before I stopped working because I am disabled I still hardly spent money on things that weren't necessary. Half my clothes came out of free boxes. Paying $8 for a pack of slim fast that I needed because I couldn't chew food was a lot tof me event though I had plent money. I hardly spend money. Currently my biggest expense is for a prescription that I need in order to function.        
If I did have a lot of money I don't think much would change. Yeah I would put it towards a better living situation and such. But I would still probably make my own furniture rather than buying any. If anything I would get a big enough house that would allow me to foster eight rescue dogs and rent out extremely cheap rooms for people who need it.         
Money is not the only thing about my lifestyle that is different from the people I am talking about.  




 Just because I don't understand people like that doesn't me I don't think others can't think that way about my life. All I did was answer the question. And that is my real answer.        
For the record, I rarely buy clothes that aren't cheap and second hand, I don't have a car, I refuse to pay money to go to the theater, and I drink tap water.       
Every time I shower I am grateful that I have access to a house with running water. I can even drink it, that's amazing. I get to eat food in all kinds of variety, the amount of vegetables I have access to is incredible and it is all because I am lucky enough to live in a first world country.      
When I have the chance to give to charity or provide someone in need with a meal I do. I have distant family in the Philippines that have to walk five miles each way to get their daily supply of water.       
No shit there are people that would be baffled by how I live and I do what I can to respect that.  




 Fucking doctors about my chronic pain. "You really just need to exercise, try and be active, stretch your muscles out."        
Turns out I have a connective tissue disorder and that is almost the exact opposite of what I should do. The only exercise I should do is very specific. Definitely no cardio or stretching.        
And it turns out that they actually need to do their jobs and do doctor stuff so I can have a life rather than brush me off.        
I have seriously had some major conditions my entire life and not a single doctor bothered looking into it. They just blamed me for not exercising and eating right. And I'm not even overweight.  




 Jackfruit. It almost smells like durian but not nearly as pungent. And it is delicious.  




 I was SUPER insane for a while when my chronic pain first got bad. I have always had depression but at that time it turned in to psychotic depression. It lasted like a month or two. I was screaming and crying and punching myself in the head every night. It was really scary not having any control over myself.      
Then I got on antidepressants and now I am able to think rationally.  




 I'm 23. Gone to college or pursued any more education. I also don't drive.      
I am good at learning, bad at structure and deadlines. And the driving thing just scares me.       
My dad's side of the family (who I am closest to) are all well educated. I would like to be but I'm not sure I am that kind of person.       
Rather I ran off with a band and performed for a living for a bit then had an awesome job doing grunt work at a dog rescue.  




 To get enough treatment for my pain that I can actually live a life similar to that of a normal 23 year old. I don't expect to ever be perfectly functional or have the same amount of energy as most, but I would love to go back to work.      
That probably won't ever happen though.       
Despite having good insurance and everything. 
 




 My best friend and I have words for other things rather than their actual words. Bread is wheat loaf. If you have seen the movie The Core, they build a ship to go to the center of the earth. We dubbed it a dirt ship.       
And jock straps. Well those are crotch bras.       
Being an adult is hard. 




 "You're so beautiful, I just really need human contact. Nobody ever likes me and I am so lonely. Please come home with me and hold me. Please." *starts crying* "I won't try and have sex with you. I just really like you and you are so awesome. Please just hold me. It's been so long."       
This is a real thing that I have seen happen and it is really fucking creepy and uncomfortable. It's pretty extreme but playing any degree of a pity card is a bad idea.  




 I am specifically talking about people like that though. I didn't get too specific in the main comment because I didn't think it mattered and I didn't expect anyone to pick it apart. I just answered the question.  




 Same. It's one of the only things in my life currently that I actually like. I will think about quitting when I can have a life again.  




 I'm not *quite* a male. But how trashed she will get and how she acts when she is trashed. I am all about having fun and getting drunk once in a while, but I could never be with a broad like that. 




 Even if I had that kind of money I would never spend it like that though. And if I did I couldn't live with myself if I didn't give at least that much to charity on a regular basis.  




 Coffee. Could be worse?  




 [Touching my tongue to my nose](http://i.imgur.com/ANBzwoa.jpg)       
[This bullshit](http://i.imgur.com/opdFZKj.jpg)       
Among other things like that. It's not cool because it is caused by a genetic condition that is ruining my life. The amount of braces I need would make me look like fucking buzz lightyear.  




 I worked at a hole in the wall Italian joint that was ran by Chinese people. Food was never spat in. But there was other gross shit going on that was not up to code.      
The bosses were so cheap that they refused to toss chicken that started going bad so it still got served. The cooks would tell the rest of us when not to eat it. I'm pretty sure they are getting shut down.  




 I worked at a non profit dog rescue until I got too ill. I just did grunt work though. If there was anyone against that kind of work they can suck a dick. If someone leaves their dog chained up out back all the time I WILL FUCKING TAKE IT AWAY FROM YOU.      
It's not about what people think, it's about the well being of a living, breathing, loving animal.     
Some people don't deserve pets because they are too selfish to take care of them properly.  




 Well we are currently long distance so it would be really awkward. I don't think that translates well to phone sex. Or skype.       
Also he would be fuuuuucked and stuck with like eight conditions and a ton of chronic pain.      
I would be having a field day.  




 Fuck yes adobo. Seriously my favorite food. I had some yesterday.  




 I used to play music a lot. Mostly my banjo ukulele and singing but I also play wash tub bass and autoharp. I still try to play a little and I do when I am drinking with musical friends. But my health has gone to shit so I don't play much anymore because I have early onset osteoarthritis in my hands and such.      
Now I sit on the couch all day with my phone a pile of jigsaw puzzles.  




 That she is on heroin. It's past the point where anyone can help. She has to decide to quit on her own.      
I can't really hate her though, no one is as similar to me as my sister and I still love her and like her. I'm just sad for her. 




 I played wash tub bass with a friends band for a while. When I first picked it up that's how I was making a living but it only lasted a few months.       
After a year rolls around one of the well paying gigs wanted us back again for their annual party. I had to dig my wash tub out of the back of the closet and somehow when we played the gig I still remembered all the songs.       
They gave us food and booze and money. It was a good day.  




 People that have money and spend it frivolously. It blows my mind that some people will just spend $400 on a whim.  




 Because you need to fucking floss.  




 A medical lawyer.      
Doctors suck and I need to get them to actually treat me so I can have a life.  




 Yes! It kind of makes me not have a personality.  




 Seriously. It's so fucked. As soon as I get denied the first time I am finding the best lawyer I can get.  




 Hopefully.  




 All I am prescribed is cymbalta (60 mg 2x a day) and tramadol (50 mg every 6 hr). And I take some other otc stuff like melatonin and stool softeners.       
The cymbalta actually makes my pain a tiny bit worse. But it makes me sane.    
I was really hoping that tramadol would work for me but it's not really. Maybe about half as much as I would like it to. But I doubt I will be given anything stronger.  




 I need the same thing. I think there are a couple of them in olympia but I'm not sure if they are decent or not.      
I haven't even gotten my diagnosis yet because the geneticist at UW turned me down. 




 I mean, it just sounds to me like she was naive. Normally girls like that have a low self worth. But maybe she is just into that shit, in which case I don't care. That's just not usually how it works.  




 I don't understand how people can't tell what their body needs. There's a difference between what I want and what I should eat. I just know weather I need calcium and fat or when I need protein or fruit. It seems so simple to just pay attention to my body. Sometimes I crave things I don't even like. Like carrot juice. So I can easily assume that's what I need.  




 Not to you.  




 Yes. 




 Does that make a difference?  




 Yeah I have done that too. Not in the bathroom though. I would drink beer also. If I was there after my shift (to wait for a ride or my check or something) I could have probably gotten away with walking around with a beer. As long as there were no visitors.      
It is a dog rescue and most of the kennel cleaners are alcoholics and already drink on the job all day. Once in a while I would go to the back during breaks and get someone to give me a swig of whiskey.  




 That's sad and disgusting.  




 She is clearly an awful person. You didn't do anything, what she did was entirely unacceptable.  




 Yeah I had to read that a couple times to understand. I should probably go lay down.  




 I do the same thing. Laugh and cry. I'm 23 so I know how bull shit it is.       
I actually want to get another one of those printed out so I can color it in and show my other doctors.  




 Dude I'm an adult. 




 My mother's ex husband.  




 As a girl, probably alone. Unless the girl is my partner or something.  




 Rare genetic disorder with several obscure symptoms. Lucky me. 




 Well this is legal but it is treated like it isn't a lot of the time. Narcotics. The war on drugs has really corrupted medical treatment. There are so many people in chronic pain that have tried everything to fix it but the only thing that actually makes a difference is narcotics. Yet doctors tell them no because they will become addicted (despite the fact that there is only a less than 2% chance of that happening under proper medical supervision). The abusers have ruined it for everyone.  




 Yeah it took me a while to figure out. It also causes me to have POTS. And it makes it really hard for me to pee. Haha. Because the urinary sphincter is supposed to be controlled automatically and mines not.      
Being in my body is like driving a stick. Hahaha. 




 I really love a lot of the late 90s fashion. The way they made dresses then are flattering on me. The weird alien merchandise. And the platform shoes. Okay maybe not the best but they make me happy.  




 For my health to get better. For my pain to be low enough that I can feel like a normal 23 year old sometimes. And maybe even get to the point where I can work.     
Anybody?  




 Relieved. It is really about time and everyone fighting for it is probably exhausted. I'm sure there are kinks to be worked out. But that battle is basically over.       
There are probably millions of people that are so relieved, extatic, celebrating, and realizing that they are no longer repressed and can finally celebrate their love with their partner just as others can.     
Knowing that there is so much hugging, crying, laughing, and screaming going on right now. Well that feels good. 




 They don't actually care about people's feelings. They just like to argue and be right. 




 The Alchemist by Paulo Coelho.       
It is such a great book but it really doesn't get enough recognition.  




 That's not how that works and that's not what I said. My life is positive and I don't hurt other people. So I am done explaining/repeating myself.       
And the reason you will never know me if because you are some random person on reddit. Not because you don't like dogs.  




 I have already said it doesn't make them a bad person. And why do you care about whether or not I'm antisocial?        




 Sometimes, sometimes not. Like I have said, I'm not saying that everyone that doesn't like dogs are evil and should be banned. I just don't invite them into my life.         
Two decent people can have problems with each other and not get along. It doesn't mean one of them has to be bad. 




 That doesn't prove your point though.  




 Isolated truth. 




 That's not how that works. Stereotypes are a shitty thing to do. Even if you were right one example wouldn't mean anything.      
Seriously, how are you legitimately trying to convince someone to believe in some stereotype you are advocating?       
This is beginning to get much to silly for me.  




 Being called 'babe' by strangers. 




 I see a guy with dreads that seems to be part of some kind of cause. What does that prove? 




 Tramadol isn't working like I hoped and I know that doctors won't give me anything stronger.  




 What are you even trying to imply? Do you just not have a reasonable response?  




 How? I have never really been wronged by a dog. People do shitty things all the time. When a dog might do harm you can tell, aside from there being some sort of mental issue.       
Do you really think people are all that trustworthy?  




 But the rest of us don't want anything to do with stereotypes. And considering I have been to many places with a heavy concentration of dreaded people and things like kombucha and metaphysical supplies, I doubt the one place you have been to is some kind of exception. Which gives me more reason to believe that you are close minded than that your stereotypes are a real thing.  




 It's beginning to seem like you have some kind of weird obsession.  




 Why people are so opinionated about the body hair on a woman they don't even know. It's amazing how many people will go out of their way to hurt someones feelings about something so insignificant. Which really applies to many things.      
I really just don't understand what it is about my armpit hair that people take so personally.  




 The point was made by everyone but you.      
Why is anyone supposed to care about Fremantle? And it's not like that was the point you were trying to make in the first place anyway. Which is what I am addressing.  




 But that's not what was being talked about. So considering the rest of us are *not* there that is pretty irrelevant.  




 EXACTLY.  




 Well I have a friend with a band that was going on tour with her boyfriends band. I was needing to do something with my life and had just gotten out of a messy relationship. So my friend invited me to come along and sell their merch at their shows and then street perform with them when we got to the destination. (They had an amazing stand up bass player for tour but not once we got there.)      
The trip (US) was from the Pacific Northwest to New Orleans and we all made the trip in an old Chevy bluebird school bus. It was a crazy ride with tons of shows and all kinds of people we stayed with. There were a couple breakdowns and the transmission had to be replaced both times. Once for two weeks and when we finally left we immediately got stuck in a snowstorm. About 14 hours at a dead stop on the highway. So we drank whiskey and took naps. Oh and I peed on the road in front of the bus.       
Now my friends boyfriend is rather eccentric. He dresses like he's from the 20's and used to be in a popular circus sideshow. So he had some clown friends and that who's house we parked outside of. I ended up performing with the clowns as well as my friends band.     
That house had at least a dozen people living at it. One of them took an interest in me. It was winter and incredibly cold outside, and I was sleeping on the bus on a hard little bunk that was crammed right up against the ceiling, I could hardly turn over. It was so cold I slept in my snow suit. Then one of the guys in the house invited me to sleep in his bed. He kept hands to himself for weeks and was quite the gentleman.       
We have been together for a year and a half or so now. It looks like it won't survive much longer though due to shitty circumstances.      
        
But yeah. That's the extended answer.  




 Not everyone with dreads or body hair have those kinds of ideals though. I personally have only met a handful of them. Yet I know dozens of dreaded/hairy girls that are not like that.      
But I know profiling is *super cool* and all so CLEARLY it would be much better if we all made those kinds of assumptions.  




 The way people treat each other.  




 I am the product of one. So yes. And I suppose I am currently in one. I'm half white half not. My partner is mexican.      
Some people are racist, some just have their preferences without being racist. As a matter of fact, my partner won't date mexican girls. He just has his preferences.  




 You tagged my username to call me crazy?      
I don't disagree but how I feel about people and dogs isn't a factor. I know at least dozens of people who share my point of view. It's okay if you don't see it the same way. But everyone lives completely different lives and have all kinds of opinions that differ from others. Just because some of them are in opposition doesn't mean one of them has to be insane. And what is more important than opinions is weather or not they use them to go around and hurt others. Try and be a little more open minded.        
There's people that live their lives in all kinds if weird ways. I don't assume they are crazy though.       
And like I said, if it weren't for people like me there would be millions of dogs with no homes or dead for that matter. So I guess if being "crazy" gives me the drive and opportunities to make a positive impact on the world then I am okay with that. I do what I can to be kind and caring to others, particularly those who need it. It's not like I go around being mean to people because they don't like dogs or whatever other things that don't make sense to me.       
And I certainly don't accuse them of being crazy (because it is an unkind thing to do, and I don't want to be the type of person that does hurtful things). 




 The gas when I had a root canal.  




 Basic juggling.  




 I sort of count. I am 1/4 Filipino and 1/4 hispanic. But unlike my sister I look mostly white. This sometimes puts me in weird situations like when someone says something about Mexicans or whatever assuming there is no one around to offend/that it is okay to be racist.    
One time I was with a friend and her friend at the house he lived at with another guy. I was maybe 15 at the time so it was somewhat shocking and I don't remember all the details. So we are hanging out and the roommate seemed kind of cockey but whatever, then my friend brings up that I am 'asian' or something.     
The guy immediately started being insulting about it and acting irritated. He kept being rude to me until I told my friend that I needed to get the fuck out of there and we left.      
It was really weird.       
Aside from that I don't like that with white friends I have had I am the token brown friend or something, and then all my brown friends (not to mention my family) tease me for being white.  




 For ladies, the handheld shower head. Seriously the best.      
BUT when it's not the hand held type I have figured out how to McGyver my way to orgasm. It doesn't always work if the shower head doesn't come far enough off the wall, I have figured out how to get around that sometimes though.  
This involves a hair tie and a wash cloth. The hair tie goes over the shower head first, then drape the cloth in top so one corner is hanging down in a way that all the water coming out is pouring off the corner and then use the hair tie to hold it in place. And then of course you lay down and get busy.       
Depending on the shower this can sometimes create a stronger stream than what may be desirable. In that case the cloth can sometimes be adjusted so the stream is more spread out. Or you can deal with it by just letting it hit off to the side of your sensitive area (which personally I find quite nice).      
And that is how you get off in a pinch.    
 




 Yeah people don't take me seriously a lot of the time. But I know that what is going on is not fucking normal.      
I get fevers too by the way. But they happen off and on all day. Every day. Dysautonomia.  




 Yeah its making some people defensive. But it is really an efficient thing in my life.      
I'm surprised there are actually people on both sides of my opinion.  









 Yeah but drunk and dirty. 




 I once lived in the ghetto in a house full of clowns (like actual performing shit show clows). And when I say ghetto I mean Katrina territory of New Orleans.       
Several of the clowns had these shopping cart/bicycle hybrids that were painted all circus style. It was a whole new flavor of trashy.      
Many shenanigans were had at that place. 




 I have all those but from different fun diseases. I wish it was diabetes.  
























 What. 




 Yeah I don't really understand gender roles. No idea what the rules are. What I really don't understand is why it is so socially inappropriate for women to not shave their legs and armpits. Way too many people are ready to be vocal about the natural state of someone's body.      
Women shaving hasn't even been around that long. WWI is actually when it started. At that time the only women in France that were shaving were prostitutes. Yet now it is being called a 'trend' to not shave.        
It is just such a weird thing for people to have such strong opinions on. I don't even get it, aliens would be baffled.  




 Unfortunately my health no longer allows me to have fun. 




 I uh. I don't really pay taxes. Aside from sale taxes and such.  




 I have POTS which causes me to get dizzy when I stand up as well as some other things. I would just say I fainted and knocked it over or something.  




 Excessive alcohol consumption.  




 Playing music, performing/contortion, rescue dogs. They all sort of fell in my lap. They also got taken away too though. Now I do jigsaw puzzles and pretend it's fun. 




 Probably.  




 Yes. Usually when I have a technical question. If I am curious about how something works (which I often am) I will ask someone who should know. Like a locksmith. Normally if I just ask they will brush of the question because I am just a dumb woman. But if I act slightly flirty and be all cute at first I can get their attention enough to start using smart people words and then they will actually give me a real answer.        
Tits are useful.  




 I like a nice dark beer. Particularly porters. Also tequila, straight or with whatever.  I don't drink much anymore. But being drunk all the time was a blast.  




 "You can't be that sick, you're too young/look so healthy."        
No. Fuck you. You have no idea what it's like for me to get through the day.  




 I thought most people knew that.  




 I believe in a slurry of random shit from all kinds of cultures. So I would be really confused if all the random specific things I follow were checked out in the first place. 




 Juggling. Jugglers always get the ladies. 




 My friends house. I expected to be there but the situation was insane. I woke up with the taste of vodka still in my mouth wondering what time is was. When I went downstairs there was about seven people there and ALL of them were on mushrooms. One of the weirdest days of my life.         
Even the cat was high. Let me explain, where I am from fall is mushroom season. My whole friend group is very familiar with picking them so that's what happens. As soon as fall hits that cat always waits for my friend at the door when he leaves. Just waiting. Waiting for him to come in with a paper bag. As soon as that happens the kitty lurks around the kitchen waiting for someone to leave a cap or stem out somewhere. It never fails that he snatches one and eats it. For whatever reason that cat loves getting fucked up.       
So I am down there watching everyone trip when we realize a friend is missing. Apparently he couldn't keep up with the cat and had to go hide in the hall closet. I had to coax him out and pet his head until he felt better.         
It was a long night for me. But I got to see my best friend make an ass of herself which is a rarity.  




 "Everything that makes me uncomfortable should be illegal."        
It is really absurd that if someone wants to sell their body for a living they aren't allowed. If brothels were mainstream it would be a much more healthy profession. It would also create more jobs and help circulate money.        
But no, it's not allowed because a bunch of Jesus people would freak out.          
It would also put more power in the hands of women which is obviously  a threat. 




 Hearing them have sex.        
Hearing them have sex. 




 Vital? 




 Hold your breath.  




 I have had at least a half dozen doctors lie to me. Apparently I look stupid. And like a drug seeker.  




 His name was Blackberry. He stopped pooping and got really fat and died.  




 Let me get back to you on that. 




 These from back in the day. I did some modeling when I was a teen.         http://i.imgur.com/UQLvyHA.jpg              
http://i.imgur.com/6j5pxrB.jpg 




 The library. Sometimes I do donate books or money.  




 Barthalone cysts. 




 I am extremely flexible and worked as a contortionist for a while which I loved. All growing up I did dance and gymnastics and was really good at the bendy stuff.       
Yeah well it turns out my body is like that because I have a genetic collagen/connective tissue disorder. In the past year it has also caused me to be in crippling pain all the time. I'm 23 and can hardly get to the grocery store. Some days I can't even dress myself. Osteoarthritis is already starting to take my hands. Not sure how Iong I can manage to stay out of a wheelchair.         
At least I'm special? 




 I don't know but every boyfriend I have had has taken longer than me to get ready.        
When women take so long it has more to do with the standards women are supposed to meet to be accepted socially. We grew up with the notion that we will get further ahead if we are pretty (which is partially true). We also have to have all the right makeup and outfits and hair to be pretty because that's what the media says.        
But there are just people like my sister who are chronically late because they function on asian time or whatever.  




 Or saying bless you for that matter. Why did you just acknowledge another person's bodily function by bringing up your alleged supreme being? You're actually supposed to do that? Like every time? Even when you don't know the person? And everyone finds this completely normal?  




 Oh I definitely have POTS/dysautonomia symptoms. I get dizzy and lose my vision every time I stand up. I am also in and out of fevers all day.      
If I wasn't so ridiculously flexible I would probably assume I am classical.        
For some reason I also get lots of little broken blood vessels and petechia really easily. Which weirds me out.  




 Yeah I know several guys that wish they went circumcised and several that are glad they are not. I think it is unnecessary. I can't imagine putting my brand new child through an elective surgery.       
I asked my dad if I would have been circumcised had I been male and he said yes. I was actually kind of upset about not having my hypothetical foreskin. 




 I came here to find this. The god stuff is one thing but I really just think it is an absurd custom regardless of the origin. Yet no one seems to realize how little sense it makes. How is it rude to not acknowledge someone's bodily function? Please don't confront me about my sneeze. Why am I supposed to be thankful? As if it was so traumatic it makes me feel much better when someone brings up religion. Even complete strangers. No thanks.  




 God damn fucking little powder birds. 




 You should see one on good Friday. It's extra spooky.  




 My sister is like that. Now I am really self conscious about drinking water because she used to freak out at me when I was a kid. 




 I have been taking my mom to my appointments which is helping.        
I was seeing a couple doctors at a university pain clinic. At first they seemed great and I thought they would help. They always spent a lot of time with me and everything. Then they got me a referral for the university geneticist to check for HEDS (which I'm sure I have) but the geneticist had too many patients and turned me away.       
After that the doctors stopped trying. All anyone says is that I need to diet and exercise. I'm not even overweight. All of my horrible pain started because I was physically active. One of the doctors even said "Well why do you want a diagnosis so bad?" and "Sorry I don't have any magical powers that can fix you".              
I have tried pretty much everything besides opiates for my pain but nothing helps. They all think I am drug seeking. As if I want pills so bad I left my job/home/dogs/boyfriend and moved 2000 miles so I could get a fix. Several have told me I shouldn't have opiates because I will become addicted. Which is offensive considering less than 2% of people using narcotics properly become addicted. Somehow I must CLEARLY be part of that percentile because I am young and have tattoos.         
Sorry. I'm ranting.  




 People are shitty.  




 Patient here. Being lucky enough to have good insurance my main problems with the medical system is the doctors and how it has been corrupted by the war on drugs.       
I know there are great doctors out there, but I never seem to get them because I have seen at least ten just this year and none of them will take me seriously. The unwillingness to learn something new or how to treat me is heartbreaking every time. I know a lot of medical terms, I'm fairly articulate, and I end up crying every time I explain what's going on. I had a rheumatologist spend maybe three minutes in the room with me and then refuse to do anything about my current systems.         
Sorry to be whining at you here. I guess I just hope you might have some insight. I am positive about several conditions I have but can't seem to be taken seriously. It has been destroying my life for the past ten months. I am 23 and can hardly get out of bed due to how severe my musculoskeletal pain is and I can't understand why it is so hard to find a doctor that cares. 




 Yeah healthy eating habits are hard to come by. I mostly eat what my body wants/needs but I still stuff myself occasionally and I will never stop liking ice cream.      
Some people just don't get it though. I had to lecture my boyfriend on why it's not ok to eat an entire bag of doritos in one day. 




 It may slow down with age, but without *any* collagen you would die. I still have collagen but it doesn't work for certain parts of me. There are six different types of the disease I have and they all work a little differently because there are different factors in the deficiency. For me it mostly effects my tendons, ligaments, muscles, and small blood vessels. Sometimes people it's mostly their internal organs and for others it's their heart and vascular system which is life threatening.  




 Probably, but I have several health conditions that already cause those things so I wouldn't have noticed.       
She will just have to come to terms with herself and realize that starving herself won't solve her problem, no matter how tiny she gets she won't be satisfied. And if she can't try to help herself now she will be doing the same thing in five years when she looks like a holocaust victim.        
Anorexia usually stems from things other than just body image. She is probably horribly unsatisfied with other things about herself and not eating is a way to take control. Especially if she feels withdrawn from the people around her. All you can do is be supportive of her and her recovery. Remind her what is great about her and why she doesn't need to go to such extremes because she doesn't need to change. She just needs to figure out who she is and respect that person.  




 I'm sure it is healthy for some people. But for people like us it makes ot to easy to obsess over.  




 Well unfortunately there is nothing I can do about the flaw in my DNA that prevents me from producing collagen. So there is in fact *nothing* I can do but hope to stay out of a wheelchair for the next ten years.  




 I used to live across the street from the crazy ramtha lady and her mansion. There was a brick wall around the place with copper posts. It was weird.  




 Eating healthy is really important. There are foods that will make you less bloated and whatnot.      
But when you're struggling with an eating disorder the main thing that needs to change is your body image. Mental health is a difficult thing to work on and you usually you cant do it on your own. 




 Yeah I fucking hate doctors. That's so frustrating not knowing what's going on and your doctor won't take it seriously. Sometimes you have to put your foot down and get all stern with them. 




 Some people have a really bad time with it but I did fine with the pills. 




 Yep. I always have to turn down parties and stuff.       
But I know how you feel, what I have is a connective tissue disorder as well as osteoarthritis. That shit is no fun.  




 I see. It's cool when doctors actually check for things like that.  




 Yeah I have no other options than to keep trying.  




 Seriously. It is so frustrating already that I can't be active like everyone else and then I get shit for it. Being active is the reason I got this bad in the first place. I know for a fact that exercise is the opposite of what I should do.      
I don't care when most people are dumb but when doctors refuse to get me tests for the conditions I am certain I have without even finding out what the conditions do. They just tell me diet and exercise. I'm not even overweight.  




 Yeah I have seriously tried every ploy. The only thing that is beginning to help is bringing my mom into every appointment with me. 




 I'm not counting on it. Doctors won't treat me. I have been avidly trying tof almost a year now.  




 What test did you do?  




 I have a bunch of shit but a couple of them are joint hypermobility and osteoarthritis.  




 Have you heard of ehlers-danlos syndrome?  




 Maybe a tampon. Or something that makes even less sense like a hospital gown. 




 Yeah I will probably manage fine. A low pain day for me is a 6. So I am well versed in pain. It just sucks because I don't know how soon my joints will go and right now I'm only 23. 




 Yeah I have never gotten narcotics for a kidney infection. And I have had four. Last time the doctor bitched at me because I almost died. 




 I have a genetic condition that has me in constant pain. Doctors won't treat me because I'm young. I would trade it for cancer in a fucking second.        
So I feel you.  




 Yeah I went to a clinic that did that. I chose the medical option.  




 I am not looking forward to getting joints replaced. That seems awful. I already can't deal with how my hips feel sometimes.  




 Are you tall and skinny? Or pale and flexible?  




 Testicular torsion.  




 One of my best friends was in acting classes with John Cameron Mitchell.  




 How bad my health is, how it is ruining my life, and the fact that I will never get better.        
I am seriously not even cool to be around because all I can think about is how fucked I am and how I can get the medical attention I need.  




 Most obese people I know do eat until they are uncomfortably full. Which are the ones who need to know the difference.  




 That's a better answer.  




 Exactly.  




 Ick. Trazadone also made me not eat and gave me anxiety.  




 Lately, the misconception that someone who is young and looks healthy can't have serious medical conditions. Or if they do it must be their own fault. Even doctors do this shit, and not just sometimes. I mean the past dozen doctors I have seen won the do shit.      
I will tell someone I had to stop working because of my health and chronic pain. Usually I hear something like "But you look so healthy" or "It can't be that bad, what is your diet like?" and "Wait until you're older!".       
No fuck you. Just because I'm not fat doesn't mean I'm healthy. I have a genetic condition, my diet won't change my DNA, asshole. And I would rather not think about getting older because I will be lucky to stay out of a wheelchair for the next ten years.         
If it wasn't this bad I would still have a life. Yet somehow people think I am being dramatic. Why would I throw my entire life out the window for attention?       
I'm sort of just angry all the time. 




 I generally only drink water for the most part as well. Staying hydrated is difficult for me so I also eat extra salt. It really helps.        
But I am also not a healthy person. That is beyond my power though. 




 Some people don't know the difference between being hungry and not being uncomfortably full. 




 I used to do that when I was anorexic.  




 Good luck. The one I am on now (cymbalta) was the first one my doctor tried out on me and it is perfect.        
I have had several not work out as well. Recently I was put on amatryptaline for pain but it made me depressed. Prozac made my anxiety way worse, and when I was 11 or something welbutrin made me throw up. 




 You could have just answered nicely. I doubt you're irreplaceable.  




 Ramtha? 




 Yeah there is potential that I would foster a young kid and then eventually adopt them if I could. Regular adoption will never be in my budget. Even if I had a job rather than disability.  




 Absolutely.  




 It really is.  




 Those people are particularly easy to read. And when you are in a life or death interview you can probably think of some shit. 




 You can usually tell when someone is full of it though. Or they are a good liar in which case that might be a good skill to keep around.  




 They do. Which is why they are a good investment.  




 I have been on it for quite a while and I have been able to make rational decisions and mentally function like a real person. Antidepressants are all different and so are the people that take them. Just because you have a bias doesn't mean I should just have to live with psychotic depression.          
That's the same argument people use for pain medication but some people would rather have a professionally monitored chemical dependency than spend the rest of their life rolling around in bed being miserable.  




 I think the reason I bought it for a bit is because I used to be a contortionist.  




 For about ten minutes while I was waking up I still thought I could do it. Total bummer.  




 Eh. Women are assholes too. We also just have to be more concerned about avoiding getting raped.  




 That's how you fail. 




 I know. I am sure it would be different for guys anyway because it wouldn't necessarily be much of a threat. If a car starts to slow down next to me I have to make sure I can run if I have to or be ready to defend myself.       
Women making cat calls are not usually scary. When men do it I get stressed out.  




 GED-Musician.       
Yep. 




 I use cream eyeliner and have had the same tiny pot of it for at least five years. It tends to dry out so I add a drop of baby oil to it and it's good as new.        
Also I won't buy a fancy brush for it. I bought one of those awful liquid eyeliner pens, removed the felt tip, and washed all the makeup out. Those felt tips are perfect for cream eyeliner.  




 Yeah I am 23 and back to staying with my mom. It's weird. But I'm here for different reasons.  




 Put on old shoes, dumpy clothes, and a rain coat. Go jump in puddles with someone. When you get back home and change into comfy clothes, make hot chocolate, put a movie on, snuggle.        
Source: I'm from the Pacific Northwest.  




 My antidepressants. It's a great investment.  




 A while back I had a root canal and they offered me the gas for an extra $100 or something. I took it and it was well worth it. Particularly because I have a bad case of TMJ.         
Although I ended up having to get that tooth extracted a couple weeks later.  




 Yeah its not really cool when it happens all the time.  




 She is probably hypermobile. It's the most common type and generally causes the most joint problems. It is also the most painful.  




 I am plenty familiar with how it all works.  




 Exactly. I actually had someone doing that recently and when he ran out of argument he responded with "wah fucking wah" or something like that. Like that was supposed to upset me or something?         
The thing about reddit is that a lot of the people who spend a lot of time here do so because they don't have good social skills or don't know how to not be a dick so they don't have friends. All they have is reddit. Which is good because everyone deserves a place where they can be comfortable and attempt to socialize. Even the cunts are cuts for a reason. Usually. It just sucks for some of the rest of us. 




 Yeah the chick on the show had the vascular type. Fuck that. 




 Thanks. Me too. 




 I don't work now because of health issues but before I stopped working my boyfriend and I worked for the same place. It is a dog rescue where we had different positions but it was all grunt work. If I were healthy we would both do fine in each other's place. We were at different warehouses though so he would have had to deal with more bitchy people. My position also makes 2.50 an hour less than his. Which I'm sure he would hate. 




 NO FUCKING BIG SURPRISES.       
Also guys, before you stick anything in a vagina make sure there has been plenty foreplay and she is throughly wet. It is better to tease her until she REALLY wants it and is even getting impatient than to dive in too early and the vagina muscles haven't relaxed yet.        
Then continue to pay attention to the amount of moisture there is during sex. If there is even just one dry spot on the labia or wherever, it hurts. And sometimes we are shy. Not paying attention to the amount of moisture is how condoms break.  




 Apparently.  




 My brother went to the store to get my niece some nighttime cough medicine. While he was there he remembered he needed more lube and grabbed a bottle. Half way to the register he realized what he was about to buy and put the lube back.      
That would have been a really sketchy purchase.  




 I don't remember who said it but my sister and I have been through some shit together and we are pretty close. Not so much now as she has a heroin problem.         
"Sweet is the voice of a sister in the season of sorrow."        
I am the only person in the family she really ever talks to because I still treat her like the person she really is.  




 I know. Hitler was full of good ideas.  




 [Thought I'd share some OC.](http://i.imgur.com/oKYdhBi.jpg)  




 Not being able to function like a normal person my age due to my health. It ruins everything.  




 I don't care much about the downvotes. It's the ignorant argumentative comments. Sometimes I am just really confused as to why I get them on a relevant and neutral comment. 




 Your own health. Just avoid webmd and stupid articles by white women. 




 Around 12 when I was going into puberty my joint pain got worse. Then again around 16 or something. When I was 18 I began going grey.           
Now I am 23 and probably a quarter of the way grey. My health has also been rapidly declining in the past year to the point where I am unable to work or even leave the house much. Doctors don't like to treat young people for chronic pain so I just lay around and try not to further hurt myself.  




 I want them but I probably won't because I have a genetic condition that I don't want to pass down. I would also have to quit my meds while pregnant and breastfeeding which would be hell. 
























 Some of us have friends who all bring instruments to the party. 




 The guy that doesn't quite know how to play his guitar.  




 Or sing out. 




 FOR EVERY BEAR THAT EVER THERE WAS WILL GATHER TODAY TOGETHER BECAUSE **TODAY'S THE DAY THAT TEDDY BEARS HAVE THEIR PICNIC**.         
I have a problem. 




 The bluegrass community has pretty much banned Wagon Wheel. Everyone hates it now. Fun fact.      
Also Midnight Special and Bad Bad Leroy Brown go over great. 




 No but opium is. 




 Thank you.  




 Well thank you.        
I generally do. Actually I rarely wash let alone condition my hair. I do rub myself down in coconut oil before I get out of the shower which has been helping my skin. 




 As someone with chronic pain I wasn't that pleased. 




 I didn't care for it. A bunch of people with chronic pain were excited about it but it ended up poorly portraying people like us. So I may be bias. She did a good job acting when it comes to being in pain, but at the same time real people with constant pain become good at hiding it. So it seemed a little dramatic to me. I guess that works for the majority demographic though.  




 That looks like a collage I would have made in high school to make my art teacher uncomfortable.  




 Like the aches you get with a fever? I get that a lot.  




 I'm pretty sure I have mastocytosis. It can be inconvenient for me at times but it's not much of a problem for me. At least not compared to the other stuff. Though it varies from case to case like EDS.       
My hands and feet swell sometimes. My face will get hot and flushed. And I get a few hives here and there. One time I had them really badly for three months and in that time things like my lips would swell up and I looked like some kind of plastic surgery nightmare. Or my feet were so swollen i had to crawl to the bathroom. That was way back in high school and we never figured out why it happened until now but it hasn't happened since.        
For the most part it isn't that bad, I do also have a dumpy immune system though.  




 The symptoms for mastocytosis are confusing. My hands and feet swell and turn red often, sometimes because of exercise or having a drink, other times for no reason. I also had severe hives for three months one time. It was insane. I have also always had a crappy immune system. So I assume I have mast cell disease. It's sort of the least of my problems though.  




 I have messed around with silks before and they gave me major bruises. I used to be a contortionist and performed with a sideshow as well as playing wash tub bass with a band. Then I started feeling awful and figured out that the hypermobility is part of the problem. Which led me to realize I have EDS as well as some of the conditions that come with it. I can still play my ukulele banjo but I have osteoarthritis in my hands so that won't last long.  




 Sometimes were not. But this sub really is full of some major bad asses. 




 You actually weren't the person I had in mind. And the church thing is a no go for me. 




 I have a slurry of physical and mental health problems. I am 23 and can't go to the grocery store and take a shower in the same day.       
Let's see if I can remember most of them.         
Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, osteoarthritis, dysautonomia, POTS, hyperthyroidism, TMJ, and fibromyalga.       
Then I have depression of course and have had a couple bouts of psychotic depression, severe anxiety which is amplified by my thyroid problem. And I am possibly bipolar.       
Generally I am a really easy going person but with all my health problems I become pretty useless at times.       
My physical health is pretty bad due to the ehlers-danlos. In a literal sense I am actually falling apart.  




 "Will you marry me?"       
Not just any guy but a specific one. 




 Even though I have good health insurance I can't get any doctors to treat my chronic pain because so many people have abused the system.  




 Walking down the street as a kid on Halloween with some friends when lightning struck a telephone pole right next to us.        
 




 Yeah the cheapest surgeon at the cheapest hospital probably isn't a good idea.  




 A picture I took of my friend that makes me laugh every time I scroll past it in my phone. NSFW.          
http://imgur.com/DMH0Xw9        
 




 I actually had to leave my job due to unfortunate health problems. It was a wonderful job though and I am hoping to go back. I worked at a dog rescue. So there was about 200 dogs at the warehouse I worked at. Most of the people that do the grunt work like myself are dirty punk kids. Having face tattoos is a normal thing there.       
I mostly walked the dogs and had several breaks throughout the day. Being the sick person I am I would take naps on top of the huge pallets of dog food despite there being tourists walking around looking at the dogs. It is a fairly laid back place so long as you are doing your job.        
Dirtiest job I have ever had. Also the best. Those dogs are hard to not fall in love with. Working with people who are also grossly obsessed with the dogs is a bonus.         
That specific rescue also happens to be somewhat famous so it was interesting trying to avoid cameras and super fans. 




 I am from Washington state. I heard that our accents sound "the most intelligent" so many news reporters tend to be from WA.  




 I am way late. I don't have anything too extreme, six tattoos, one nipple pierced, vertical labret, both nostrils, and my bridge. My hair is also weird colors and my fashion sense is confusing for everyone (I really love my knit maroon body suit).     
No the bridge piercing does not go through the bone.      
I really really really do not want attention. I look the way I do because it is what I like, I seriously hate all the clothes that would make me look normal. I know I will always get stared at in public and that's fine, but please leave me alone.         
The only time I care for attention from strangers is when I am on a stage actively desplaying myself which I no longer do because I am disabled.       
I just want to live happily ever after with a dozen dogs and my big heavily tattooed mexican boyfriend.  




 My bridge is pierced and people always ask if it is through the bone. Um. No. 




 I got turned down by them. 




 I was seeing pain specialists at UW. Fuck those guys. Just saying. Do not recommend. When their geneticist turned me down they were like "Why do you want a diagnosis so bad anyway? Would that make you feel better?" I still don't know weather or not I have type 4 or just 3. 




 All growing up I did ballet and gymnastics. More recently I was a contortionist. Realizing I can never do that again was hard. But I guess I got over it because before I had time to deal with it my health also caused me to have to leave my job and all the dogs I love that I worked with. Then I left my home, my lover, my step dog, and my life all because I can't take care of myself at 23. So I guess the other things sort of went on the back burner.  




 Thanks. I am just so ready to be past this. 




 Thanks. And yeah. I'm sick of my body.  My joints don't even dislocate. It just hurts all the time. And despite not having been on tramadol for long I am withdrawing. So that's probably why I'm so fucked right now.  




 Thanks.  




 There's just nothing. My tramadol stopped working so I stopped taking. I wasn't on it for very long but it is definitely effecting me coming out of my system. I had weird dreams last night when I finally managed to sleep for a couple hours.  Now I still feel all gross about it. My mom is being awful and it is the worst timing. I just want to go home back to my life. I want to try Lyrica and maybe that will help. I will even try some of the woo woo herbal shit. But I am done trying to get to the bottom of this. My ship is capsizing and I am not going to watch my life sink to the bottom so I can go try and find some mythical mermaid medical treatment. Fuck this. I am done with my health ruining my life. Fuck my health. There is no need for it if I can't have a life anyway. I'm 23 and don't have time for this shit. I need to go back home to my partner and the dogs. I need my life back. I don't care if I have to work covered in braces.       
I haven't always made the best decisions in life, but I at least had decisions to make and usually knew which ones were right. Now I don't even really have any options or they all seem like bad ones.        
This is MY life. I demand the right to fuck it up on my own or have enough control to actually make it work. I'm sick of doctors making it about my depression. Of course I am fucking depressed! Look at this shit! I shouldn't be here!      
If I can find meds that will take the edge off I am just going to suck it up and go back to work. It doesn't matter anymore. I already know what I have to lose and my health is the least of them. 




 Um. Um. Dark green! Do you have any pets? Do you like ice cream? I love ice cream.  




 Sorry I was trying to do the sleep thing and didn't think many people would be interested anyway.  




  Villalobos Rescue Center
 




 http://www.vrcpitbull.net/dog/how-you-can-help/donations/ 




 Louisiana.  




 http://www.vrcpitbull.net/dog/how-you-can-help/donations/ 




 Holy shit yes. 




 http://www.vrcpitbull.net/dog/how-you-can-help/donations/ 




 Yes. 




 Seriously. I mean I do enjoy browsing this sub and all but the animal stuff is different. That dog can have a future but she is being given a home from a non profit business. That business relies on donations to keep going and already has 500 dogs to feed, bed, clean, walk, love, and pay for all their vet bills. And most of them have heartworm which has to be treated but it's not cheap. The dog I am getting from there is actually still there only because she is on heartworm treatment.  




 Well I'm glad someone likes it. 




 She will be fine I bet. The rescue that has her is really good.  




 She is still a puppy so whoever had her didn't have her for too long either way.  




 I just saw that on Facebook. I used to work at the place that rescued her before I got sick. People that do that shit are the worst. I was already having a bad day but when I saw that I was immediately in tears. That rescue has a bunch of dogs with scars from embedded collars. That is a whole different level of fucked.       
Her name is Frozen, if anyone is interested in donating to go towards her surgery I can give you the information.  




 Ugh. I know how you feel. I am 23 and can't do shit because of my pain. I have ran through all of those same thoughts. And I am having a bad pain day as well so there's about a five minute pause between each sentence. It really is awful, I would deal with it had I at least been able to get through a decent chunk of my life. I'm sorry you're stuck here with us, but honestly this sub has done a lot for me when I am at my worst. If you want to talk to someone your age that knows exactly what you're going through feel free to hit me up any time.         
I was planning on saying other things... but I don't know what happened. But uh. Yeah. 




 Maybe it was the other way around. This may sound weird, but I was actually born with no facial piercings. And yet there has never been a shortage of weirdos in my life.  




 Thanks. I was actually planning to get a lawyer after the first time.  




 Thanks. I was actually planning to get a lawyer after the first time.  




 Yeah I was having a weird moment but sometimes those work out. 




 Nice. 




 Hi new friend. What's your favorite color?  




 Haha. Yeah. I just haven't done well in texas. 




 Thanks. Texas doesn't like my kind too much though. Haha. 




 Ugh that sucks.  




 Like a small face and a pointy little chin. And I am mixed race.  




 I have that same problem. Not because I am super attractive, but because I am fairly attractive and dress differently. So I get the creepy looks as well as the dirty ones for looking like a heathen. Which I am. 




 This is actually one of the biggest things I have a problem with. I can hardly go outside without being acknowledged by creeps. I hate cat calls so much. Sometimes I pick up rocks in case I need to throw them. 




 Dude. Older Mexican guys. At least they are all romantic about it. Still creepy though. Now I always tell them I already have a Mexican boyfriend.  




 This shit. 




 Dude I have great curves but my boobs kind of suck. I kind of like it. 




 I constantly get approached and I hate it. But I also have strange features so I think I tend to attract the weirdos. 




 It's too soon. We're not ready yet.  




 Same as the guy from the killers I think. 




 My good friend was working as a delivery driver in Seattle. He had a delivery for Nye. When he opened the door he grabbed the package and shut the door in my friends face. My friend knocked again because he needed the papers signed. Nye opened the door and barked about no autographs and my friend hardly had a chance to tell him he just needed the paperwork signed for his job. Nye didn't even apologize or anything.        
It's sad because my friend loved Bill Nye and he is like the sweetest guy ever. 




 Oh yeah. Thanks. I was kinda close. 




 They deserve more. 




 Possibly. I will check it out. Thanks. 




 Jimmy Page being a creep and kidnapping a 14 year old girl and then marrying her.       
But more importantly Bill Nye being a dick. I have heard a few stories but one is from one of my close friends. Not impressed Bill.       
I mean I know he is a scientist and all and being famous sucks. But he made a kids show. My whole generation idolizes him. But no, he has to go shit all over our childhoods.        
But I have also met some pseudo celebrities that are great. Patch Adams (like the Robin Williams film but the guy it's about) is really wonderful. I see him at a festival every year. And the cast from Pitbulls and Parolees are great. Particularly Tia who's life really does revolve around those dogs.          
Edit: Names are hard. 




 Chorizo and eggs over rice with avacado. Could even add some cilantro and lime. That dish is always delicious but I happen to have the almost useless talent of serving food in ways that make it look way more fancy than it is.       
Also I probably have tequila stashed around the house somewhere.  




 This is probably the most likely way to get laid. Besides the roofie guy.  




 Wow. 




 Ah yes. The sexiest of the date foods. 




 So uh. Have any plans tonight?  




 This is the first one that is decent enough that it wouldn't ruin the chances of me sleeping with the cook.        
Maybe I about being picky but I feel like canned corn isn't really going to get me in the mood. 




 Maybe we need to come up with a revised version.  




 I don't know how I would have that much dark shit going on when I was five. But it's not really like that. I have had anxiety attacks which are awful and like that. The dream thing is a completely different flavor of fucked up. That's not what little girls should have going on.       
The dream though actually reminds me of something I heard later on though. I think it was about people in east Germany that lived near the Berlin Wall. The men would begin to dig a hole to tunnel under so they could escape with their families. But they couldn't just have big dirt piles laying around. So every day they would fill their lunch boxes with dirt and dump it at work. Which would end up taking years. I don't even know where I learned that. 




 Stupid body tricks like touching my tongue to my nose and putting my arms in stupid yoga positions. My body does all kinds of weird shit. 




 I had a dream when I was little that I had a house, but for some reason the house was full of mounds and mounds of salt. I don't know why or under what context but I was only allowed to remove one pinch of salt a day.        
It wasn't so much the content of the dream as it was the feeling I had the whole time. It is by far the worst feeling I have ever had in my life and sometimes I almost have flashbacks of it. There are certain things that cause it but one of them is touching one of my pinkys a specific way. I have had pretty severe anxiety most of my life but whatever that is is a whole different level. When it happens I can't get rid of the feeling until it goes on its own.       
I'm not sure if it happened around some traumatic event I don't remember or if it was a fever dream. Maybe both. I know I hallucinate pretty badly when I have fevers. But there is also some suspicion that I have blocked out some kind of trauma from my early years.        
I would like to figure out what the fuck that's about but I sort of figure it will just cause a major nervous breakdown in a decade or so and I will find out then. 




 And then one on you so an alarm sounds if the snail comes with a certain distance.      
Also bellydancers that are also ninjas. 




 That is probably what they have on all their clipboards or some shit.  




 I can get more creative than that. 




 Yes! 




 Hahaha. Actually no my dad is white. My mom is Filipino though.  




 What's the worst thing that could happen? What am I gonna curse you with crippling torturous pain? Oh wait. 




 I kind of want to fight your mom. Or make my mom fight your mom. Instead of like dog fighting we could do underground chronic pain mom fighting.  




 Yeah my dad is the worst with that. I can't eat any kind of sugar around him. I'm 23. He also think I just need to eat a ton of broth and shit because the connective tissue. Um. No. 




 That's blackout. Usually it's a good thing. But in this game you walk away with chronic pain either way...... Soooo.. yeahhhh. 




 Thanks.  




 That's awesome. Happy for you. I am actually lucky enough to have a few close people that are pretty understanding.  




 Haha. I should start mailing people spoons. 




 Hahaha. Seriously. I still feel bad for the starving babies in the Philippines and all but I WOULD ALSO LIKE TO BE ABLE TO FUNCTION LIKE A HUMAN ANYWAY.  As a matter of fact I could actually be doing good thing for the world if I could use my body. I had to quit my job working with rescue dogs in the ghetto. Yes things could be worse. But they could also be better. That would be fucking ideal. 




 Yeah mine just go in and out. I have never had a dislocation that didn't easily go back into place though.  




 Yeah I was planning to. Hopefully that will get me somewhere with that. 




 It's really frustrating.  




 Yeah that's weird.  




 One of them was. He would actually do his fucking hair. My current boyfriend is just kind of obsessive and had a long winded routine he had to do before leaving the house. It includes smoking a bowl and picking everything up off the floor. 




 This whole year I have gone from doctor to doctor trying to get taken seriously. I *think* I finally found a decent GP, I have PT tomorrow for the first time, and I had an appointment with another rheumatologist. Had as in until today when the office called me and dumped me because he doesn't treat EDS.        
I am trying so hard to get better but there's nothing else I can do. I am completely debilitated lately. And to make it worse I have to work somewhere for a few days in a week or so. Which I am stressed about. I am already trying to deal with the fact that I have to work outside in the sun and dust for four days and won't be able to get the proper pain medication. When I already have a hard time putting my hair in a bun.       
I know I need braces for my wrists, elbow, and knees (probably my hips too but I don't feel like looking like fucking buzz lightyear). It is a bummer I couldn't get medical help sooner so I could have things like that by now.       
What is really getting to me is that I feel like I would **really** benefit from forearm crutches. Which is already enough of a bummer on its own but I can't even talk to a doctor about it. I think they would help because my legs get so tired and weak from walking. Not because of dislocations or anything. And the place I have to work has a lot of walking to do.         
To make it worse every time I bring it up to my parents they don't say much and give me a look like I am being dramatic. I think that if I had more support and I could talk to my mom about it I would just end up buying a pair before I have to go work. But without reinforcement I feel stupid about it. It's sort of embarrassing.         
What do you think? Maybe I shouldn't be making such a big deal and wait to see the right doctor? I don't know.  




 Yeah I will probably just stick to the water stuff. I can't hold myself up in warrior pose because I am too weak and shakey and I can't put my weight on my wrists. I can do the one where you lay on your back for 20 minutes though. Hahahaha. 




 Yeah TMJ is fairly common. Mine is very obvious because every time I open my mouth there is a series of crunching and a couple pops. I don't get to eat a lot of things. Hahaha. 




 That's what happens to me. I just realized my 'good' shoulder isn't quite in the socket all the way. Apparently it just lives there.  




 Like the other day. In the past ten months my pain has become crippling. In a week or so I have a festival that I work at every year (I grew up going and it is important to me). I have been stressed out about how I will manage working with all my pain. There is so much walking to to there that it has always been exhausting for me even when I didn't work. So I got to thinking it would be much easier to stand for my five hour shift if I didn't have to walk everywhere. Then it hit me. But I doubt I can make that happen by then. 




 It should. I hate that. The condition I have actually makes me way too bendy so yoga is pretty much the opposite of what I should be doing.  




 Nothing good. But you had fun right?  




 The way doctors. act you would think they know much more about mental health than they do.        
Every time I explain how bad my chronic pain is and how it effects my life I end up crying. Doctors immediately skip over the physical stuff and go straight to asking about my depression. As if that is the most likely cause of my crippling pain. I had to leave my job, home, dogs, boyfriend, and life in general because of my body. I am 23 and can hardly put my hair up. Yeah I'm fucking depressed. I am pretty sure that is a reasonable response to that.  




 Sometimes when someone asks me that and I don't want to talk to them I say "I cried in my bed all day". Hahaha. Sometimes it's half true. But it gets people to back off.  




 I used to get migraines a lot, sometimes they were pretty bad, but would really effect my eyes. Now I haven't had one for a while for some reason and just had headaches most of the time. Now I have hardly get those.       
I have a connective tissue disorder so my neck has always hurt because it's not strong enough to support my head. But it's not as bad as my jaw, hands, elbow, and hips. The only thing that really helps my neck is massage. Even when opiate pain pills take away my pain it gives me a different sometimes worse pain in my neck. 









 Everything is weird. I actually really like body hair on men and women. Armpit hair is the best. I like to bleach mine, I hear that blondes have more fun but I'm not that commited.  
























