 lol I do that on a regular basis. ;) 




 how do you figure? From the start, I have done everything by the book. I have two choices -either carry on fighting to see her, or walk away. If I walk away, she will think I have abandoned her. If I keep fighting to stay in her life, even if just weekends then she will know I'm there and that I care.  I can only hope that sooner rather than later- it gets sorted and she can have a regular routine so that she knows when she's going to get to see Mummy. 




 I'm certainly not lazy. I used to be doing over time every week when no one else would.  




 not seeing my daughter and quite a big issue to me. 




 thankyou. 




 depression is a thought process that occurs in your mind.
You get into viscious thought circles, kind of windin yourself up about something. Trying to solve it in your mind when, if you think about it, that's impossible. You do it until you are so upset/angry you can't think straight anymore.
This is according to a friend of mine 




 Well I'm planning on going back to college next year. Maybe train in something that doesn't involve other people's children. 
It's weird because usually bitchy comments don't usually get to me but I guess it's a sore subject. 

My doc signed me off because when I went into work-I would see the children and cry because I miss my own so much. I am hoping to return to work soon but am concerned my collegues are going to penalise me. I guess that's where the 'don't give a fuck' attitude comes in. 
 




 Thanks-I will do. 




 But why are they jealous of another's downfalls? One of the girl's asked me what doctor I go to, her tan is fading and it's depressing her, she needs a month off. 

I know she was being sarcastic but I wouldn't wish the feelings I have on my worst enemy. 

Thankyou for your comment.x 




 I have depression because I don't have my daughter. I was a young mum and didn't know how the court system worked. Hense losing her in the first place. I've had weekend custody since-then he got married and decided he didn't want me in the way. He phoned up social services and accused me of punching/hitting/shouting at my daughter. I have NEVER hit her. So he denyed me access because I'm apparently violent. I've 'apparently' hit him a few times too. Bare in mind he's a big guy and used to push me around when we were together-although I never had proof of this. 
When I go to court- a penal notice will be put on the court order, so that if he denys me access again-he could go to prison-or lose full custody.

I'm depressed because this has gone on far too long. I don't like watching my daughter be torn between her parents. She is confused and I feel responsible. I just want to be a Mum to my little girl. that's all.  




 I've been fighting a five year custody battle over my daughter. Her Dad has been denying me access most of this year. I'm back to court soon to sort that out. However due to the hell I've been through, my doctor has signed me off work. I have anti-depressants and counselling. I work full time in a children's nursery. so being there means I spend more time looking after other people's kids than my own. 
My collegues however, are not exactly being friendly. {all female} they say I'm skiving off and although they do know the reason why I'm off,they have become vicious. They also say I shouldn't be out n about if I'm ill. which means I guess I can't go to the supermarket and do my shopping because I have depression.

One of them even said that she wants depression so she can have a month of work and get half pay for it!!!  

This is obviously not helping in my recovery and now I'm scared to go back because of bullying. 
Am I just being silly or should I take this seriously?  




 Apparently I sound like a Fox new reporter. However-everything I've said happens to be true.  




 lol they are awesome! 




 Agreed. However their new drummer from Dream Theatre is also well known and has brought some new talent to the band. So hopefully they'll carry on the good work.  




 Stunning. 




 I wouldn't let my kid play with it! It reminds me of an old xfiles episode where the doll belonged to a little girl and made people do stuff like slit their own throat with vinyls etc. Weird.  




 Tank paintballing is even better.  You get to battle another tank too. Here's a link:

www.armourgeddon.co.uk 




 accidental prescription drug + alcohol overdose.  




 He's awesome! 




 http://www.atheistnation.net/video/?video/00420/atheist/20-20-atheist-discrimination/

quote from the above video
'this is a christian country and if you don't like it you can get out' 
 




 Do your research. American politics is retarded. Fox news is one sided. I base my judgements on the facts, not on what I want to be true.  




 Aa box filled with a love letter, photo, choc, book on the karma sutra, heart cookie, funny shaped soap, mixed cd and lots of little trinkets in it that mean things to us.  It was a shoe box that was decorated with stickers n glitter etc etc. 

It was really special because my S.O had taken the time to decorate the box and put special things in it. Better than jewelry any day. 




 I actually did have 10 cats earlier this year. I have three cats. Two of them decided to get jiggy and made 7 little kitties. They all went to good homes. I kept the runt of the litter though, I called her meas-ion. Her Dad is called Schrodinger. 




 hense photoshopped 




 This is obviously, mainly down to the boy's upbringing. His Dad shoots 'anything that moves'.  They let him roam about alone. I wouldn't allow my son out of my sight if I thought he would do something like that. And I would be asking for all the help the world can offer.  




 :) 




 Did you understand it?  




 I'm English and would NEVER move to America. For a start I'm an Atheist so I'd be disscriminated against. There's crap about the Bible EVERYWHERE.  Sarah Palin-She was nearly Vice President for christ sakes!!!! Fox news-the most corrupt thing I have ever seen. And what's with electic Bush TWICE??? Better the devil you know huh? Oh and over half the population are obese. I don't like guns either.  




 Vanila Sky, Identity, Donnie Darko, S. Darko{sequel about his sister} fight club, dreamcatcher. 

If you think Donnie Darko was fucked up then you should se S. Darko!
 




 http://furrybones.com/images/tiger-lion-tigon-liger.jpg  

Liger 




 It's those tiny poo particles that make your farts smell. So next time someone farts near you-remember, that you're breathing in their poo! haha! 




 Watch the video! 




 give up! 




 and pussies!!! 




 What happens when I'm dead, doesn't bother me. What bothers me is how I die. Pain free please! 




 The bigger he is, the harder he falls. 




 That's awesome! 




 lol which one? the cockerel? or the cockatiel??? 




 It looks so lonely. poor li' thing :( 




 defo a cat.  




 okay thanks. . it's says it for any file that i download, which is what I found strange about it. But I'll just drag n drop from now on. 




 I don't think it's a problem with vuze. I think it's an itunes thing . .but I'm not sure. I'm on a windows 7. 




 Use a lighter duvet and open the window. She'll then be cold and want hugs. Works for my fella n I. 




 I wonder if he had a shower today . . . 




 I would eat cloned me too . .in a sexual way! ;) 




 Meh-butcher it up and freeze it. 




 Arrrrrrrrrghhhhh! 




 And mine! 




 Meh .. . I just just tell my fella he owes me one later and wink at him! Then later on . . .maybe the morning I'll move in for the kill! Mwahahaha! 




 Aaaaaaah, schadenfreude!
...or was that not the intended evoked response?

Wow, I am lucky aren't I? yay me! I feel so blessed to not be suffering like millions of others are!

We live in a terrifyingly shitty world! Shit!" 




 Fair enough and thankyou for your response.

I have to say, that whenever my situation with my daughter is brought up-people judge regardless of how much information I give them. It seems that a Father having access issues to his children is nothing new. Which I feel is disgusting and don't agree with. I would never stop my daughter seeing her Father unless I felt she was in serious danger in his care. Unfortunately her Father isn't on the same wave length. 

However when it's the Mother having the problems, people always seem to think that she must have done something terrible to not have her children. 

The only reason I lost in court was due to my lack maturity and knowledge at 19. This is when the custody battles began. I'm now 23 and am going back to court in two weeks to have the current court order re enforced. As usual. I have to pay out for it.  I earned nat min wage with is about £850 after tax a month. Maintenance is £125. I'm barely left with anything after that. If I didn't have my partner-I'd starve.  




 Hahaha! That did made me chuckle! 




 He looks really comfy in there! 




 Look away!!! Look away!!! 




 Err I'll have you no it doesn't always work that way. I have a little girl that I barely see. I am her Mum. I have done nothing wrong. . .it's just the way in ended in court. I pay child maintence and court fees regulary. I'm now on anti depressants due to the five year hell Im in.  




 I just sent a link to my best mate. He will appreciate this. Although he did complain that the flesh light was little tight. . . 




 The pale one-looks a little too pale. I have very pale skin-but she looks ill-anemic?? 




 I've never been in a situation like this-however due to family differences, I've had to cut ties with my parents. I still talk to my younger brothers but due to one of them still still living in the family home, he tends to 'side' with them.

I'm 23 years old and have my own home and family. I am currently doing financally better than my parents. They call me a snob for this. Even though I have worked damn hard for everything I have.  Other family members tell me that I'm an example to them. They live on state benefits and my grandmother owns the roof over their heads. 

I now live by the saying 'The family you make is more important than the family you come from'.

If you still live in the family home, move out as soon as you can. That way they have no hold over you and will be less able to guilt trip you every single day. It's only money. Your sister HAS the continous love of your parents. You HAD your grandmother's love instead. 

Your sister is NOT your responsibility. Remember that. Good Luck.
 




 That's so sad. It shows how corrupted the world is. That bear was obviously fine and happy. They had no need to take her away from her 'family'. Animals do not belong in cages.  
























 I meant girl mates. I am female.  




 gross 




 Tim Minchin fucking rocks! 




 I explained this to some girlfriends I was with on a night out-the whole night consisted of giggles about poo particles.  




 oh haha! Yes I get it. I made a typo error. Big deal. You wouldn't believe that I am currently studying to be an english teacher.  




 ewww 




 wrong-MOST girls don't fart 




 gross! 




 My fella is currently working away in South Korea. we often talk on skype and he tells me of the zillions of handovers he's suffers from. Self inflicted = no symphathy. Mwahaha 




 I wouldn't disrespect an animal that killed a human if it did so for for food or safety issues. The same rule applies to humans. I despise it when animals are killed for no reason-other than we think there's too many of them. What gives us that right to decide another being's fate? Because we are the top of the food chain? 

Every being has a right to be here. dog, cat, flea, dear, fish, lizard, dear human and all the rest. 

I'm sure many animal lovers will tell you that some animals can be better company than some humans. 

You feel that our species is above all others. You feel that way because instinct tells us that as a surival tactic. No other reason. 




 It's a circulation thing. It's also a great excuse to snuggle up to your man. I'm cold, Give me your body heat now!  




 lol . .is that the best come back you have? 




 Well I'm happily not pregnant :) 




 and you have smelly feet 




 That depends . .if you're a gay man you may dissagree. 




 I have to sleep on his arm because he steels ALL the pillows! 




 Beastilality not cool! 




 That's because you're on her side!!! 




 then she farts. Right in your face! Mwahahah 




 meh I'm always cold in bed-my feet are like blocks of ice. I snuggle up nice n close to my man. He squeals like a girl as my ice blocks touch his flesh! Mwahahaha! 




 Schrodinger's cat  




 I doubt it . .blame the crows-evil things! 




 There's not enough shelter because of humans over populating the planet. Why not take a gun to your head and help a little with that problem.  




 The bit when the fat guy in in the bathroom-seriously made me think twice about a toilet break.  




 I love that feeling! The harder he comes the better! 




 You should try the implant. Awesome thing. I have a 5 year old. Don't want anymore for a while so use it. It's inserted under the skin in the upper arm and slowly releases and works basicly like the pill. The difference with the implant is-it stopped my periods {ha!} I don't have mood swings, It last three years. I don't have to remember to buy condoms{unless I wanna have sex with a random stranger} or take pills every day. 

Oh and 72 hours afters it's removed you're fertile again. :)  




 She could swallow instead .. . that's what I do :) 




 My boyfriend does roleplay games. . .that's nerdy enough for me. 




 lol 




 very true 




 How would a pump blow his head off? lol 




 Ewww I couldn't eat those. You've put me off cupcakes now! 




 I don't have a dick.  




 do you? 




 that's like saying all lesbians are good at licking pussy. I can assure you they're not! 




 Proove it! 









 That was my thought. Even if he was asleep that would definately wake him up. Wouldn't it??? 




 Ewwwww! cheesy coffee! 




 Thankyou that helps. :) 




 It's not the size that matters . . . 




 Ewwwwwwwwwwwww! 




 http://sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc3/hs116.snc3/16351_326846740326_713945326_9666477_343598_n.jpg

That's my fella   I dressed up as dead Bonnie   Clyde for a halloween party titled 'dead famous' 




 Cash isn't the original. Listen to Nine Inch Nails Hurt.  




 I can't whistle. It's so frustraiting. Everyone laughs at me when I try. :( 




 During pregnancy I randomly woke up and fancied rabbit stew at 4am in the morning. My partner refused to go shopping at that time in the morning. 

I knew there was a reason why we're not together now lol! 




 Well, when there's a large group of girls, they tend to break down in to smaller groups. The smaller group of girls will get on fine together. But they may end up in a bitchy war with another smaller group. No man could sort that out. The groups will either fight until one is found to be superior than the other {but there will always be tension} or they will just stay out of each other's way.  




 lol. I can see that. 




 I'm female and I would agree with that to a degree. I work with all females and one guy-who happens to be gay. You can imagine how bitchy it gets! 




 but then gf can't breed the cat. gf sulks alot 




 When I'm looking for tattoo ideas I can go through the search results for hours. 




 When I worked in a busy club a 70 odd year old guy came up to me. He looked like an english gentleman. He said 'I would love you take you home and make sex to you'

I was freaked!  He tipped me £30 though! 




 They didn't need to kill the poor . .big thing 




 I don't think so. The boss usually sorts out the rota in advance- cover is usually only needed when people phone in sick on the day. It's a children's nursery so no meetings or office time.  




 I hadn't thought of that. I might do it-although I'll probably get more stick for it. :/ 




 Really? I head differently. Damn. I wonder who they'll get as a permenant drummer then. 




 uk. He only got custody because at 18 years old {he's 6 years older than me} I didn't know how to fight in a court room. He kicked me out so I had to stay with family until I got my own place. I was also completely heart broken. I didn't start putting up a fight until it was too late. I'm now 23. He's denied me access most of this year, but when it goes back to court he will have give me back my weekends. One more screw up from him and I'll get custody. Our daughter is 5 years old. 




 They are certainly not joking. :( 




 I've thought about 'walking away' many times. And have come very close to doing so. But partly maternal instinct and guilt keep me fighting. What sort of mother just gives up on her child? She's 5 years old. He will tell her that I abandoned her. Not a nice feeling for her to have whilst growing up. Also social services have been involved and she has told them that she wants to her mummy and she misses her. 

After the next court hearing, the current court order will be re enforced. I will get her back on weekend again. If he steps out of line again-I will gain main custody. I don't want to stop my daughter seeing her Dad. It's not my right to do so. She has the right to see both her parents.  I will always maintain that rule.  
























 was it dead skin? If so then man up and take a chunk of the living flesh! Mwahahahaha 




 take out a few 'spare ribs' first then you can reach. Apparently Prince did this.  




 err no.  




 What?? I'm curious! lol. Anyone else curious? Check this image out! http://theendofbeing.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/sex_woman_dolphin_205.jpg 




 THAT is actually true.  




 That HAS to be true!  




 http://spiders.ucr.edu/daddylonglegs.html 




 lol that made me smile.  




 it does help you get sick less.  




 umm duuh cholestrol??? 




 An aquaintence of mine says that all the time. Oh and she's alergic to alcohol, lizards, cats and ALL types of contraception. Oh and she's always bloody ill.  




 I'm googling it! 




 oooh moody! 




 Well now you know why you get cat stuff. 




 PANIC! Everytime that anniversary came up-you never said anything about knowing the month .. so I can assume I know that too.  




 Okay If my daughter, came to and said that she wanted to be male, then I've go loony! Not because of anger. But fear. They'll be worried {especially Mum} that you won't be accepted by society. There maybe alot of shouting by your dominant parent. But be strong. They care, that is all. 

They will doubt themselves as parents and think 'letting you play with _____ toy when you were younger is the cause. 

If you have friends that are aware, make sure they know when you're telling your parents. Make sure someone is at hand for pub or hug. Whichever you prefer. 

Know that every big explosion calms and ends eventually. But you may be about to cut your link to them permantly. Be strong. You don't live for your parents. You live for you. You're about to feel very guilty or angry or maybe both depending on how it goes. 

Either way I commend your honesty to them and your courage to do this. 
Good Luck. 




 Do you like cats? 




 The family you make is more important than the family you come from. Something I live by. 




 My parents were twats . . to the point I got on a train aged 16 and never looked back. I have a beautiful little girl. She does well in school, is generally polite and we do many activities together, usually chosen by her. My parents did none of the things I do for my little girl. Other than let me live in their council house. Over the years I tried to forgive n forget . .. they 'forgave' me for running away. But they still don't give a crap. My daughter is 5. They have seen her 4 times and that was when I went to visit them {mainly to see my kid brother} I don't even drive. They have 2 cars. They have never visited me.  




 Yeah-I've been there tried that .. it never works. 




 lol . . I have taste and I'm picky. I'm an ex poll dancer, {I stopped 6 months ago} so am obviously used to turning men down  . . .zillions of times in an evening.  




 ha show me a pic first!  




 Do a google search -volunteering in __________ town. 

 




 how about one of each-I'm a bi girl :) 




 That would be true. But don't get big headed.  




 she's not still cute to you anymore? 




 I'm female lol 




 She's used a face mask that you peel off once it dries. Nice effect. I scared my boyfriend in the same way once. I died laughing. I'm currently a ghost using his computer.  




 Only if you're a chubby chaser and like em old.  




 LOL I do that all the time-sorry. 




 My mother says that all the time. Grrrr! 




 How can she walk in those things??? 




 Yup. I'm female and I think a life without sex is .. torture. 




 I thought unicorns ate rainbows? 




 You horrible meanie. Poor little squirrel. :.( 




 It's Arse. 




 that sounds like experience! 




 Ewww 




 By the devil. Mwahahaha! 




 I'm sure every man will tell you that blow jobs are awesome but sex is waaay more intimate. If I guy only went down on me-but refused to have intercourse it would be cool for a few weeks then I'd be like . . .nooo I need actual sex. Being intimate is soo important. Think about your natual instints. We like it because we're meant to. Sex = babies. That's what mother nature intended. {unless you play safe}  




 Ouch . .you got hands right? Do what everyone else does and use em. 




 and how long does an open relationship last? Never very long. One person always gets jealous/hurt. Also with an open relationship, he'll probably find someone that becomes a regular .. fuckbuddy then they'll grow feelings for one another . .the rest is history. 




 play safe. I like it. 




 it means she doesn't want sex. Ever 




 AND if she's got something, you should get tested too. Just in case.  




 lol cool beans. Buzz me when ya free. 




 Major nerd 




 I'm female actually and that happened to an aquaintence of mine. It completely confused her- if she wasn't having to deal with enough. She's okay though. She did keep the baby even after everyone telling her not to. She's now a single mum and happy. Her little girl is lovely and brought up well. Atleast she made good of a bad situation. Most women I doubt could handle this. That girl is exceptionally strong willed.  




 Well I met him just after I was assulted. I stayed with him for almost 2 years. He done a whole heap of other things to completely screw my very innocent mind{at that time} up. I'm 23 now and thank him for the err . . .life experience but I still despise him. What he did at court that day- wasn't half as bad as the other stuff he did. I now have a great guy that fully supports me and isn't controling. Just like any other soppy story -he caught me completely offguard. He's awesome. :) 




 I have was sexually assulted when I was 17. I had so much fear afterwards. Stay with her as much as you can to make her feel safer. She needs to feel completely protected. Give her lots of hugs. But don't slate the attacker. She already knows he's a prick and doesn't need to hear it. 

Keep her well away from booze or anything else. She also may have repetative nightmares about it and if that happens just tell her she's safe and with you. 

My partner at the time tried to perswade me not to go to court about it. The guy DID get off on not enough poxy evidence. Even though girls have made claims against him before. 

When I walked outta that court room. My 'now ex' partner said 'told ya so' he told me I put myself through that court hearing for nothing. Whatever you do, don't do that. Makesure she goes through the courts and even if he doesn't get found guilty support her in every way you can. Tell her how proud you are of her for standing up to him. 

Oh and this will always haunt her but she will learn to deal with it in her own time. Please be VERY patient.
 




 Or be pregnant. That makes it waaay more worse.  




 Murder? 




 I was thinking, just take an axe! 




 I bet you've dropped chewing gum a few times in your life.  




 'I remember' . . back in the day .. how old are you? That kind of behavior hasn't happened for years! 




 Aha I'm sooo going to stalk you now.  




 You just made me giggle more than the OP did.  




 I um kinda did. :/ 




 Has anyone noticed how his left arm is positioned weirdly? 
























 Letting him down gently how exactly?  He obviously adores you but is too young to understand that he can't have you all the time. Maybe if his Mother took him to nursery/day care part time he would eventually get used to not having you by his side 24/7.  When he goes to school he will have to deal with this anyway and it'll be all day. So why not gently introduce it to him whilst young, instead of giving him the shocker when he's 4/5 years old. It'll also teach him to be independent and learn the ability to adapt.                                                         I have worked in a nursery myself for a few years and some children find separation easy and others don't, at least not straight away. It can take a child 2 months to get out of the crying stage every time they go to nursery. Most children also stop 5 minutes after the parent has gone. The 'little white lie' your sister is telling him is definitely not going to hurt him. It's barely a lie as she could and certainly has the right to tell you to leave her child alone. After all, she is his Mother.   




 What would prefer, a little white lie or a whole night full of temper-tantrums, you losing your rag, screaming/shouting and no sleep. You may eventually get the result you want but now the child is grumpy and so are you. This also can {if done right} encourage them to have a healthy imagination.   




 There's little white lies and then there is zombies will rise if they find out about this lie!  




 I cannot up vote this enough!
 




 That actually made me laugh out loud. 




 Recently my 5 year old daughter asked about Adam and Eve.  So I started of with: In the bible it says that . . .blah blah. 

Once I had finished telling her, She said Mum, that's so silly. Ladies are not made from a man's rib. She also pointed out that snakes cannot talk. I was very proud! :) 




 Caught brown handed! 




 Goddess! :) 




 it can't but you can wrap the pasta around the hot dog.  




 Part cook the pasta then add the meat. Simple! 




 I grill mine. 




 Ewwww! 




 Agreed and much more healthier. 
 




 Poo poo?  How old are you? 




 I'm female actually. 




 Hahaha, that made me laugh so much! up voted.
 




 No. Chocolate doesn't remind me of that . .  




 Why did you split with her?? She's damn hot!  




 Reminds me of animé octopussy style porn.  




 And the arsehole. 




 how about experience?
 




 That's probably relating to the crap that is certain salads. Aka look ad MacDonald salad.  Just as bad for you as a big mac. A lot of readers wouldn't have thought about it.  




 In England they're £3.85.  Which is ridiculous.   




 he's a little chubby, although losing weight steadily. I think it's all the thrusting I make him do! :p
 




 The guy on the left looks like Richard Gere.  




 I don't 'swell' when I'm horny!!!! I get all moist instead :P
 




 hahaha, my fella has a big arse and he doesn't 'thrust' so well whilst in doggy style. . . . .FUK! 




 hahaha awesome film!
 




 Why the hell is this being down voted? Although I do think that this would an evolutionary effect, I do agree that we all should remind ourselves about safe sex, being ready for a family, the responsibility. Also the understanding that you are bringing child{ren} in to an already vastly over populated planet that we, as a species are destroying over time.  




 You got it in one. A lot of teen, esteem issues come from magazines, tv, films and music stars. {I would say musicians but they use their looks not vocal talents to gain fans} Stick-thin models and muscular men make young teens feel inadequate.   




 What they don't realise is the whiter the skin, the more healthier is is. Of course you still need vitamin D but it only takes a little sunlight for your body to be able to create it. Tanning and being sun burnt causes both short and long term damage. Parent's who do not persuade their naive, teenage daughters to protect their skin, should be made to go on a day course with their daughter to learn about the effects tanning salons and sunshine can have.  




 Agreed, just because someone uses a sunbed, it doesn't mean they're a slut. It means they have low self esteem and vanity issues. 
 




 thankyou, much love :) 




 Eww Dirtpig. You just put me off my lunch! 




 Can someone please fix this so the dude is a girl that's forever alone? Pretty pleeease! :) 




 Swuggles+swimming in hugs.   Shaggles= shag and hugs. Coggles+Cold hugs{warm me up!}     Snoggles=snogs and hugs . .  .you get the idea.  




 agreed. 









 I love their facial expressions. They're giggling at their own naughtiness! 




 Because when they sit down they would crush anything in the pockets. 




 agreed 




 Except, he's not a doberman. Or 'infected'. 




 This is absolutely pathectic. I want to kill Virgin right now. Utter Pricks! This is a communicational error plus organisation error rolled into one. Sorry I'm ranting. OP's girlfriend.   




 Ever thought that this was probably her Mum's idea? Your gf might have even needed perswading. Give her a chance to explain her actions. And ask what she would do if you did the same to her. Girls often get wrapped up in the whole BS that ALL men are cheats {I'm female and know it's BS guys} 

So just give her chance. And Maybe never speak to her Mother again. Or friend. 




 yo dudette! 




 Sand + sex = uncomfortable sticky, gritty times 




 Something stupid huh? I though you liked me! Humph! 




 Forever alonnnnnne.  




 I prayed! And I'm atheist 




 thankyou. 




 thankyou. 




 it was a question.  




 Hmm Well I'm calling the lady that deals with all this stuff at his office in the morning so I shall suggest it to her, whilst being very diplomatical and not screaming at her that this whole thing is pants! thankyou for the idea. :) 




 Not a fake thread. I really want my partner home :( 




 Unfortunately we don't have passports. Otherwise that would a great idea. 




 Okay My partner is a field engineer dealing with emergency shut down systems on oil rigs and ships. He is meant to be home {England} on the 23rd of December.  He's been out there for nearly two months now and his flight is booked with Virgin airlines via his company.  

He will be able to fly to Tokyo but will be stuck from there. His flight from Tokyo to Heathrow was cancelled this evening due to back log and snow.

Due to the company recently changing they no long can . . .  edit flight details in 24 hours due to them using a rubbish travel agent.  So what can we do?
  
I'm fearful that he won't be home for Christmas with my little girl and I. Also I could really do with his support right now as my Grandmother is about to die from cancer. So not a great end to the year. :(

Any advice would be helpful. Thankyou-fellow redditor. 

EDIT; All is sorted now and he WILL be home in time to dress up as Santa lol. Thankyou everybody for your kind words and advice. 




 Apart from the picking up the bar of soap in prison bit.  




 http://prince.org/msg/7/172345 




 Yeah but that's the body reacting and dealing with survival. Not you purposely knawing away.  
























 With regards to court in England, if you want to change who has custody you need to prove that the negatives of moving that child, are  greatly out weighed by the positives. The problem with family court is most of it, is their word against yours. I've been to court 5 times so far.  I didn't win because the court didn't think there was enough reasons to move her.  It seems like, the only way I would get custody is if he did something terrible, like physically hurt her. :/   Mentally hurting her, isn't even enough it seems. According to the UK deed poll website, our laws are the same as yours. However, I has reason to doubt that even with all the smaller things he's done plus this incident, are not enough.

My partner and I have just moved in to our first mortgaged home. Due to the summer holidays, I wasn't sure what date I had her next as we had made a verbal agreement. After many unanswered calls and texts, he eventually applied threatening to call the police on grounds of harassment.  Baring in mind we didn't know he was receiving our messages.  I needed to know when I was having her next a I wanted to try and move when she was with him so that she wasn't bored etc. He refused to answer the simple question and instead, did nothing but throw accusations and insults at us.  When I told him, I needed to know the date for my daughter's sake, his wife replied with PMSL {pissing myself laughing}  and the only reason my partner was getting on his high horse is because he's banging the Mother{me} My partner has done a hell of lot to make their lives easier when it comes to the travel arrangement for handover. My daughter is also extremely fond of him. Although technically he is no relation to her, my partner still has a hell of a lot to do with my daughter.  He also told my partner{a very calm, logical fella} that he had no right to get involved{again kinda true but there was no need for the rudeness. This behaviour; which shows no concern for our daughter, is still not enough in court apparently.  




 I do have a solicitor, however, he's not been very good on the communication level recently. I'm making an appointment tomorrow to discuss this and have a moan about his lack of communication, I'll have to consider changing solicitors if it continues.  People do renegotiate all the time, however, the courts really don't like to uproot a child that is 'supposedly' settled. She has been with her Dad for most of her life. Last year he met a woman with 4 other children and decided to marry her after he'd moved them in, 7 weeks later. They then moved a bit further away last xmas. He pulled her out of her school etc. I've now been informed that they are moving back to their original location by xmas. So basically he's put her in a new school for a year and is now moving her back to her old one, just after she's started a new school year. She now has to share her Father with 5 other people which she doesn't like as she gets no 1 on 1 time with him. She's 6 years old, so her consent in not necessary to change her name. The courts also don't give a fuck what she wants until she's at least 12 years old. Because apparently children don't know what they really want until that age or older.  




 p.s thank you for your comment :) 
 




 I guess, I'm just looking for more ammunition to use in the court room, when I finally go for custody again. I should point out that if things ran smoothly between us and he showed respect to me as the Mother of his daughter then I wouldn't be thinking about court at all. He likes to make everything difficult for me even if it negatively effects our daughter. She's now torn between us although I do my best to hide the bad things from her. She constantly asked why she cannot live with me. I find it very hard to construct an answer with out saying her Father has the control and he decides{I don't want to do this as that would be slating him and that is something I do not want to do to my daughter.} One evening whilst looking at what she thought was a shooting star{a plane lol} I asked her what her biggest wish was. She said to live with me. If she was happy there, I would have no reason to go for custody, as after all her welfare is paramount to me. 




 Glad to be of service :)  




 Ambivalence is a state of having simultaneous, conflicting feelings toward a person or thing. Stated another way, ambivalence is the experience of having thoughts and/or emotions of both positive and negative valence toward someone or something. A common example of ambivalence is the feeling of both love and hate for a person. The term also refers to situations where "mixed feelings" of a more general sort are experienced, or where a person experiences uncertainty or indecisiveness concerning something. The expressions "cold feet" and "sitting on the fence" are often used to describe the feeling of ambivalence.

Now they do :)  




 as we're talking ages here, I'm 24. I completely concur with this MyriPlanet. Have an up vote. 
 




 I'm not using my child as a weapon, if I was, I would have it reversed as revenge. I'm after custody of my daughter. He leads a very unstable way of life for her and she is not happy. Her biggest wish is to live with her Mum. He often denies her access to me when it suits him and goes behind my back with smaller things like ear piercing. I've been put through hell for the last 5.5 years and so has my little girl.  It's amusing to me that the more pleasant I am to him, the more control he feels he has because he sees me as weak.  




 Just to clarify, I have weekend access and half of all holidays. I know it's unusual for a Mother not to have main custody, but please don't judge. He left me homeless and heart broken a few days before my 19th Birthday. He'd also got my friend and neighbour pregnant{she miscarried} pregnant at the same time.  I was in no fit mental state to fight him properly in court. Once a parent gains custody, it is very hard to ever win in court. :(

I'm 24 now and have recently got a good sized mortgaged home. My partner earns good money to support us all, whilst I've revisited education. My daughter is now six years old.  She constantly cries every time she goes back to her Father and says how her step brothers{3 of them} and sister intimidate her. She says Step Mum and Dad don't let me read to them because they are too busy. My partner of 3 years and I hear this and other things a lot. My solicitor has informed me that they don't take notice of what the child says until she is at least 12 years old.   

So basically, I don't know where I stand legally. I have 50% responsibility for her so don't I have to give my consent to this? Do I have a chance for custody over this? 

Looking forward to any advice given. Thank you muchly for taking the time to read this :) 

I'm in England not America by the way.   




 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10150239544075327 set=a.10150239541240327.472269.713945326 type=1 theater

That's my tiger tattoo. :)  It took 2.5 hours 
 




 I don't mind that, as long as I'm told in advance

 




 Did you mean NOT up voting? 




 Obviously not a female. . . 




 To defend the smokers . . . in England there definitely is NOT enough cigarette bins. You know, most bars/restaurants have ash trays but it's when people are walking around and they can't put it in a normal bin, so there's no place to put it. I sent a letter to my local Council about this, and they said they couldn't afford to put more up because the Government has cut funding etc.  




 My partner did that, even after constant nagging from our 6 year old daughter and I.  So I put it all over face book. He only rarely does it now. Progress!  




 Just remember, the more heated the discussion with your grandmother and step Father, the more upset your Mum will be.  Also, things get exaggerated when sliding down the grape vine.  Try to be as normal as possible  and go about your daily routine, talk to her as you normally would without mentioning atheism. The less change she sees, the better.  Good Luck soldier!  p.s come to us if you get stuck on any questions your family throws at you. We'll help you as much as we can. :)  




 Is your daughter's name Alicia? She looks identical to a child I used to look after at nursery{in Essex England}  




 Doesn't your jaw start to ache?  




 why not? 




 You lived in cheese? Are you Swiss?  




 You lived in cheese? Are you Swiss?  




 I noticed a bitter male redditor down voted you too. Blimey, they don't want females to judge them on a stereotype, like I dunno .  . .all men cheat. Yet here they are, doing that exact same thing to us! 




 Awesome dude! 




 That's what I'm trying to work out, whether or not it's a big enough thing for the courts to look at. 




 No problem 
 




 That's because we are goddesses whereas you are measly men! 
 




 not all women are like that.  




 I would if they were fit.  




 On the pp form there is a bit for Father's details. I filled this in of course. Right next to it there's a bit that asks for an address. As it was so close to the Father's details I assumed that it meant his address.  Face palm yes.  The fact that it was delivered to his address is not the problem. It's that he is denying receiving two bits of mail that were sent on different days. Amazing considering we have two photos of his front door-taken by the courier. The court order gives me full permission to take my daughter on holiday abroad, and of course apply for the passport. I have 50% responsibility but I don't have main custody. She is with me on weekends and most school breaks.   Oh and no her Father and I were never married. Thank you for the good luck I think we're going to need it :/ 




 I don't know because if we have physical evidence that it was delivered, and he says he never had it, that mean he's lying. Because losing something after it has been delivered and denying ever receiving it in the first place, are two different things. He's still denying it even though we have a photo of his front door from the courier.   




 Yes I'm in UK lol. :)  Now you have me curious on this big post! 
 




 Okay so here's the short hand on the background. 

I lost custody on my due to being nieve when having to fight in court {aged nineteen} Not due to my lack of parenting skills. I've been back to court four times already for custody but lost as they weren't good enough reasons to remove a child from a supposedly already settled home. 

He has had custody since our daughter was eight months old. She is now six years old. We are meant to be flying to Cyprus to see family in NINE days time!!!

My partner and I applied for mine and my daughter's passport on the same day. I received my birth certificate back and then a day later I received my new passport. However, I did not receive anything regarding my daughter's passport. 

After hours on the phone to the passport office, we find that MY application for her passport was delivered to her Father and step Mother's home. So we rang them up and asked them if they had it. However, they denied any delivery. We then showed them a print out of an email sent to us by the passport office. It had the delivery details and a photo of the front door it was posted through. 

They still deny having received it. After more time spent on the phone to the passport office they send us another email with more delivery information. IT HAS HIS SIGNATURE for BOTH deliveries. {We haven't told him yet}

We are now having to do a long journey on the 25th up to the passport office in Peterborough to collect a new passport. However, for some unknown reason we have to apply for a fast-track one week passport and then ask them VERY kindly when we get there, to give it to us that day. So we STILL might not be able to go on holiday. Including petrol, this will be roughly another £250 on top of the costs for the previous passport. 

I'm now wondering whether I've got a good case to go for full custody of my daughter due to this. After all, he's opened my mail-which is against the law,{it would have been addressed to me but sent to his address. He's upsetting his daughter by trying to stop her going on her first holiday abroad-even though legally I can take her on holiday and he's causing us to spend more money unnecessarily as well as added stress.  What are your thoughts guys? 

EDIT: Found out today that the signature is NOT the Father's but the courier's who amazingly has the same name as him. We have now been told we have to write a letter to the passport office to get them to do an investigation as to the whereabouts of my daughter's passport. 


TL:DR  Passport got delivered to Father's address by mistake. He denies having it. We have proof he has. {He does not know that yet} He's a wanker for risking upsetting his daughter to get one over his ex partner. Do I have good grounds for a custody case? 




 I became insecure and low in confidence. It felt as if any decision I made was the wrong choice. Whether it was over something trivial or big. Even as an adult, I'm hesitant about making big decisions, I'm 24 now and about to sign contracts for a mortgage. Other relatives have told me that he's been telling everyone that I won't be able to 'cope' with it. My Father is very lazy and hasn't achieved much in life. The house that he, my Mother and youngest brother live in is owned by my maternal grandmother.. He's also not working due to 'health problems'. So I think that maybe he's a little envious and that's why he's always putting me down now that he can't control my actions. It's very frustrating as a child because all children want to do is make their parents proud. I was so eager to please and yet every decision I made for myself was the wrong one. Even for work placement week at school, I 'apparently' chose the wrong thing and he guilt tripped me in to doing an activity that I didn't want to do, oh and I struggled like hell with it. So thanx Dad lol. Don't get me wrong I know my Father isn't the worst Father out there but he certainly isn't up for Dad of the year award.      




 I'm female too and yes equal rights blah blah. However on a stereotypical note, most males are built larger and stronger than majority of girls. Thank you evolution. Which means most guys can hit harder than girls. I know my fella can hit much harder than I could and that doesn't stop me giving it all when play fighting. He just restrains me. Then it turns it to sex .... But guys do need to know how much strength they're using. If I girl is kicking your arse, just put her in a head lock etc.  




 Can't upvote this enough.  




 exactly, they CAN but it's not for definite. That advice was actually correct.  




 Not true, as long as you are only weight training or doing like body building.   




 My father did the same thing. I think they mean well but don't actually know how to get the message across in a 'nice way'.  




 And I would be right by your side dude. :) 




 Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch a pale of water, god knows what they did up there but now they have a daughter. {say it without pronouncing the t's. It sounds better} 




 Go the fuck to sleep forever! 




 You know, most immigrants in England are actually Irish.  




 FUCK YOU! Yes I'm female, not a simpleton and I have a good sense of humour. After all, I found the book hilarious!  




 perfect little angels? pfft!  




 Cannot upvote enough! 




 Apparently the government are talking about banning high fives in England's schools. Also giving the dinner lady{midday supervisor as they're now known} or favourite teacher a hug won't be allowed. It's going to end up like demolition man. No touching and sex will be via a some virtual world helmet thing.  




 Who are you to say a cow's opinion doesn't matter? Don't be cowist :p 




 My daughter has heard swearing many times via her step Mother and Dad{unfortunately} but she NEVER swears. She was taught not to, she's six.  Yes children pick up on things, you're right. However, it's up to the parents to teach what's right and wrong-not hide any evidence of bad stuff in the world. Otherwise they're going to get one hell of a shock when they leave home. 




 That blatantly deserves an upvote A_Mann 




 That line was nothing but amusing. 
 




 What a load of bull shit. As a mother and ex nursery practitioner, I feel that as a society we do nothing but turn our children in to wimps via 'wrapping them up in cotton wool' and attending to their every whim. My daughter is read to every night and reads to her Dad or I during the day-every day.  She's six and her best skills are currently mathematics and using her imagination. My daughter has heard swearing many times and never repeats it-even when she was younger,  because we taught her not to.  It really winds me up when people say that children should never see this or hear that because it can have damaging effects. Look at the generations before-they {most of them lol} turned out okay and they weren't so smothered with 'protection'!  




 CULL ALL CHAVS!!!   




 Your wife looks fit. 




 This is why my six daughter is only allowed to watch a small amount of television. I also sit with her and watch it and we then talk about it afterwards. Movies are considered a special treat. Instead of television, we have music on a lot of the time, or we communicate over board games and meal times etc. I feel this not only develops her communication/interaction and physical skills{because she's doing something else instead of just sitting there} but it also means that she hopefully she won't end up believing everything she views on television.
   




 OMGOSH! What do you expect? It was a hot day and the air con was broken! 




 My partner and I have been together for nearly 3 years. Yes he did make the first move and approached me first. However since then, I make the first move when it comes to sex, 99% of the time. I've told him it's getting boring. But still it's always me making the moves. Oh and no this is NOT due to my lack of sexual performance. However, I do have a higher sex drive than him. . . .
 




 Well to be honest, the best person to tell him is his Mum. Then if he asks you any questions . .why are you going etc . .then you can tell him. I'm a Mum/Aunty/Niece/sister myself and I've had a lot of experience with young children so I feel my advice is sound. When you're away make sure you have skype. Children love the video link and find it much more fun and exciting than a phone call. 




 I've never seen them here in England. Which I feel may have sent me in to a deeply saddened state. :(
 




 As an ex nursery nurse, I have seen I lot of babies in my time and that child is fooking gorgeous! 
























 Thank you. Oh and just to add, they live on benefits via the government and maintenance payments. His wife's four kids have 3 Fathers involved{the word whore spring to mind-sorry I'm narked off} and they get maintenance from them and me. I also recently found out that if I were to go on benefits, then the child support agency would take money from that. Baring in mind that the benefit I would receive would be the absolute minimum that a human can get by on.{according to the Governments calculations} Amusing huh.  




 I apologise.  




 There are many comments in this thread from heterosexual males, saying how sometimes they just aren't in the mood sometimes. I have a high sex drive and have found that in most of my relationships that the guy has a lower sex drive than I.  Only once have I met a man who had a higher sex driver than me.

p.s I do actually have gay friends. But some of them have high sex drives too, or so they say . . 




 That is illogical. I used to think that way too BUT not any more.  




 lol, it was a compliment due to the comment about guys paying attention. :) 




 Yeah I would agree with that. Although, most people do choose to conform to it, usually subconsciously.  




 Simple things like my make up is smudged. Or my shoes look ridiculous with that dress, would be sufficient. I'm not talking about things like, does my bum look big in this, because that is a daft question.  I know that if I have a big arse, it's my arse not the dress making it look big. I also return the favour to my fella and shower him in compliments when he looks fiiiiine! :)  




 Plonker. 




 Why does it have to be old? 




 Some women have irregular periods. Which is much worse. 




 Thrush. Most men don't get thrush unless they catch it from a female.  Oh and guys, it's a yeast infection that can be set off by the wrong material underwear/stress/vigorous sex/hormonal inbalance/change in soap/changing in washing powder/giving birth. If you get it real bad, you can barely walk. It hurts and itches like hell. It's also REALLY embarrassing, going to the store to get the magic cream to make it go away. p.s Do not have sex with any women unless she has been clear of thrush for at least 24hours.  




 Sometimes the baby poops if they are panicking whilst being born due to complications. My daughter did that. Yes she came out arse first.  




 I luv you. 




 Agreed and I'm female.  




 Usually because if a cute guy was also in that store, he'd probably check her out instead of you. So really, it IS for the guys. {ps I'm female}  




 I worked as a stripper for a year. Out of 40 odd girls, There were three girls with real tits, including me. A lot of men and lesbians said the same thing.  




 Ewwwwwwwwww! 




 why??? 




 OMG Don't tell them! 




 That depends on the man and his level of intelligence. My fella usually picks up on hints.  




 You could always bring it up in general convo, she'll probably tell you. Or ask her what she thinks of the way someone else purposed. Better yet, suss out if she's the traditional type. If yes then be romantic and use you head. The more unique and personal the better. Sing her 'your song' at karaoke and add the a lyric asking for hand for example.  




 Me too!  My fella often turns me down because he's too tired. WTF The myth that men want to fuck all the time is bull! 




 Have a shower mann! 




 Depends on the girl. If I've got all dressed up and I ask that scary question, {How do I look?} I want an honest answer. I don't want to go out looking ridiculous.  




 Has some ribs removed like Prince.  




 We could do it for you if you ask nicely.  .  




 We don't like knowing when you need to take a dump either.  




 Some women are in fact like a sack of potatoes. They do nothing to satisfy the poor fella and give us girls a bad rep. Honestly, not all women a like that.  




 From my experience, men seem a lot less worried about this than women. 




 It's worse than that. Especially if you have back labour, with emergency breech delivery and no pain relief other than gas and air.  




 for wanking? 




 I'm female. She's a lucky cow.  




 that is average. You sound perfect! 




 Cannot up vote enough!  




 they are eye lash curlers. Nothing scary. We just want have big long curly lashes. Apparently you guys like it.  




 I watched a family guy ep where the fat kid pretends that his new gf is a boy. {not in gay way} it worked for him . . 




 or at least trimmed! 
 




 It's the fault of magazine and tv adverts. All this {how to look perfect} crap makes us feel as if we're not good enough. Most men compete against each other for how many women they've fucked or how physically strong they are. You lot are just as bad. Oh and when you chat to your mates about some hot celeb and we hear it, it hurts. Some women are effected my this more than others. 




 please teach me Master?  




 Boobs do the same thing, sometimes it can really hurt if you're not wearing the correct bra.  




 However, they will never know what it's like to feel like an extra from the movie; Aliens. Nah to be honest, pregnancy and the bond created due to it-is the most amazing feeling ever. It almost makes up for the AGONY that we go through in labour.  




 Are you single? 




 You are awesome.  




 cannot up vote enough!!! 




 Not unless they're good looking, then the fantasies begin . .  




 I can do it in two, with the help of a rampant rabbit.  




 That is bollocks. See Emu86 for her comment.  




 Nicely done ;) 




 a 1000 orgasms in a row? Tell me your secret.  




 liar* 




 Why????
 




 Get yourself a nymph.  




 Technically, that is still pleasure as you enjoy doing it.  




 I'm female and am very logical. It's part of the reason, I'm an anti-theist.  




 Actually it's programmed into you. It's instinct, not due to the society. Besides no matter where you live, men are the same in this respect{stereotypically} Also showing weakness IS a weakness. If something bad happens and all you do is sit there balling, then you're not doing anything to fix the problem.  




 Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww! p.s I'm female! 




 probably because it's so small they can't see it! :P 




 Where are you? I'm in England and have never had such treatment. If we want the pill or injection or implant, it is never a problem.  




 Different females react differently to orgasms. It also depends if it's a g-spot orgasm or via clitoral stimulation. They are very different feelings. 
























 Get rid! 




 Contact her, you know you want to. Imagine how you would feel if she has succeeded. 
 




 I feel like you just described my relationship with my Father. I've got to the stage, where-if I don't say goodbye then he will do nothing but continue hurting me[mentally} Nothing I do pleases him, he's a terrible husband to my Mother but she puts up with it and he's an aweful role model for my 2 younger brothers. The next time I visit, I'm going to tell him exactly how I feel and why, in private of course. Then I'm never going to look back again.

I'm looking forward to this day. I know there will be a back lash when my Father tells my Mum. But I'll tell her it has nothing to do with her, I still love her and it's up to her if she wants to stay in contact with me.  




 It takes families a long time to adjust. Give them time. Well done for not hiding who you are.  




 Throw the dirty plates at them in revenge! Mwahahahaha! 




 You are a very lucky man to have such a wonderful daughter, now PULL YOURSELF together!!!! Your daughter shouldn't have to do that. DON'T make her!  Take your meds and get better, for her.  




 Stay out of that environment and start fresh. Good luck with the new you! :) 




 How old are you zombie_princess? 




 Yanno, you sound like a lovely guy, one day a lovely girl is going to thank her lucky stars that she found you. Keep smiling, you have the rest of your life ahead of you. :) 




 Family break up is always bad. I have my daughter every other weekend now. She's 6 years old. I'm her Mum-her Dad won custody when he kicked me out to get with the neighbour he was cheating on me with. He got custody because I was too weak/nieve at 18 years old to fight properly in court. By the time I got my act together it was too late. No matter what happens between your ex wife and you-try to keep things as routine as possible for your daughter. If you haven't already-contact a solicitor. It's better to have an agreement on paper over custody than nothing at all. 

Good luck. 




 That happens all the time and you just have to learn to blatantly keep the gap closed between you and the person in front of you. If there's no room there, then they can't stand there-also you always have the option of calling the bouncer, and very politely/innocently telling him about the problem. The more sweet and innocent you come across to a bouncer the more chance you have of him doing something about it.

I've worked in 6 bars in six years and all the bouncers work that way. 

Also, always smile at bouncers within the club, say hi etc. Make the bouncers recognise you, it helps too. :)  




 congratulations :) 
 




 Be strong dude, you're at school . ..you have plenty of time before you start worrying about being forever alone. Wait til you're a bit older,  and fuck about/have fun before you look at settling down.  




 That sounds horrible. Hugs from me :)  




 Maybe it's pants then. 




 He's a frill seeker.
 




 Do it anyway.  




 She is obviously a drain on resources currently. However, give her a chance, send her on some training courses if possible. Give her every opportunity to learn the skills she needs for the job. DON'T dissmiss her so quickly, as she may really want to do well and progress. If after a few months-nothing has improved then it's time to talk to the 'powers that be' within your company and discuss your reasons why she should go. Try to be kind to her as using her looks, is probably all she 'currently' knows how to do. 

p.s Don't forget, depending on what you're selling aka cars/building materials{are most of your clientèle male?}  put her on the floor, even if she's only giving them a small amount of info or offering tea/coffee, male customers will want to stay longer. Beware though, female customers could feel threatened by her-if she is that gorgeous.  




 Not when it's an almost full bottle it wouldn't.
 




 Man the fuck up!!! 




 But you still use reddit. It's addictive. 




 That's my ex's name.  He's my first choice. 
 




 Well technically speaking . .  




 cute. :) 




 Awesome choice! Have an up vote.
 




 My ex, for making my daughter's life miserable. Also my own Dad, he's a penis.  




 Be very careful of doing this. 1}In the future the Father may go for full custody and/or try to be controlling over your daughter. You will have to deal with your daughter asking the question of why she doesn't live with you when she is older(age 6 or 7ish} My situation is what you currently want. Except I didn't choose to see my daughter alternate weekends. It was decided in court. I was 18 and heart broken. I wasn't able to fight logically in court. So he got custody. My daughter is now 6 and I'm 24. I'm going back to court soon for full custody.  This is after he has shown that he does not have her best interests at heart. Court is very stressful and often very expensive. It also takes months. 

Also, if you work -you will have to pay maintenance. But whatever you decide to do, make sure your time with your daughter is fun and busy. Do things with her like finger painting and reading stories. If you put her in front of the tv, sit with her and ask her what her favourite bit of the program was etc. Spending quality time with her is more valuable than anything that costs money. x 




 He's a redditor too. . .  ;) 




 Okay, well every now n then. we could kidnap some hansom lad and rape him all night. . . 




 It ended up as sex, so awesome work :)  




 I dunno, the kinky side of me was lighting up . . 




 I'm not married but I've been with my partner for 3 years. I adore him. However, the thought of spending the rest of my life with one person is scary. I'm only 24 -not the recommended age to settle down.  I think that once a ring is placed on the finger, reality sinks in that you really are with this person forever. That is a very scary thought.  




 why would you want to shit out a puppy that's fucking. You're into  Bestiality paedophilia aren't you? Oh and for the pup to be fucking, you would need to shit out two of them. 
 




 No.  Imagine the clawing at your insides. It almost reminds me of the movie Aliens! Also the fur would give you chronic heart burn.  




 I love him because he's awesome, he's mine and he has a good, honest heart. I feel all soppy now. WTF have you done to me? Now have to go n give him a snog! 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Clitoris_anatomy_labeled-en.svg

Especially for you.  




 I feel a reference to Schrödinger's cat coming on . . 
 




 Bless my child. You will learn one day.  




 It's more like a debt as he wants to 'pay her back' .  . . Give your woman this without getting anything return.  . .Unless she wants to that is. .  ;)  




 It is, which is why when a cat is able to go outside the scratching furniture happens much less and eventually stops. They do their scratching outside instead.  




 Har har!  




 The day I met my man of 3 years. We now have a mortgage together. I'm only 24 so I'm pretty proud of that. 

Least: My best friend is 33 and hasn't had sex for 12 years due to not being able to pull. He's a weed smoking computer geek working as a sous chef. He went to Amsterdam and told me he was 'too stoned' to go to the red light district. ---Real reason-he was nervous. Poor chap.  




 "listen the shit out of her"  Have an up vote.  




 No it isn't!  We love them. Give us a clit and g-spot one every time and we'll love you forever! 




 NOT a cage. That's horrible. Would you like to be stuck in a cage??? 




 I know exactly what you mean. Maybe we should become lesbians? ;P 




 Sarcasm will get you no where. 




 Aha, now I know the secret, I'll tell women everywhere! To be honest though, I was expecting something a little more exciting. lol.  




 Females don't spray like males do. Make sure you keep her in for at least 4 weeks before letting her out. {the official recommended time is six  weeks} Also make sure she is spade and has had flea and worm preventer too. For now, get a cover, like a large sheet and cover your sofa etc. Spray her with water, any time she goes near the furniture that she scratches. Give her a treat whenever she uses the litter tray and when ever she uses the scratch pad. Get her more than one  scratch post and put them in areas that she spends most of her time. If you go out, make sure she cannot get into the room with the most 'scratchy' furniture. Only let her in that room when you are there too. This will get her to think that coming in that room is a treat. Keep to that rule until she stops completely. 

You can buy cat repellent spray. Put it everywhere that she's not allowed to scratch. 

I've been a cat breeder for the last year and the above is tried and tested.  DO NOT get your cat de-clawed. It is cruel because cats use their claw for defending themselves{against other cats outside}, catching mice/ scratching behind their ears/stopping themselves from falling via the grip-e.g on a fence if they lose their balance. When your cat has been in for at least four weeks, and you start letting her out, the scratching habit will quickly die down. 

Last of all, get her toys, especially if she's a young cat. Particularly ones with dangley bits and catnip inside. You can buy cat nip spray to 'refresh' her toys with too. 

GOOD LUCK :) 

 




 I disagree. It's a bit like a puzzle. If you're a problem solver{which needs a degree of intelligence} then you won't find it so hard. Women do give off clues, you just have to find them.

However, I do detest women that purposely try to confuse their partner. I only become more quieter, because I'm not ready to talk about what ever is bothering me just yet, usually when the issue is not directly related to him. 




 Ah of course the U.S.  This is absolutely ridiculous and must be stopped. Are there not any organisations that campaign against this mistreatment? 

{Not trying to rub it in but} We also get it all free. The government is trying to lower the amount of teenage pregnancies. We also can have abortions for free too. The latter narks me off because they are too freely available and some women use them for contraception.  




 Why thank you :) 




 No he doesn't seem bothered. If he's too tired then that is that. Don't get me wrong I get it. For the average couple, I think we do have a good amount of sex. However, it's just not enough for me! I WANT MORE DAMMIT!!!! 




 You ARE odd.   




 Good, it shrinks when it gets cold.  




 Tell them to grow a pair.  




 Fair enough lol. :) 




 Question, why do you call yourself 'Papa'Bear when you are quite obviously female? Shouldn't it be 'Mama'Bear?
 




 Are your friends that incapable that they can't get laid without help?  
























 Good to hear some appreciation. Most of us owe a lot to our parents. But Most of do nothing but speak negatively about them. 




 I couldn't help myself either!
 




 Part of a parent's role is to protect their children from disease.  




 why would anyone want to see a cartoon child character naked?  




 Genius!  




 why thank you :)  




 Get a job, move out.  




 How old were they?
 




 I'm a Mum and if my kid was getting laid, as long as he's being responsible about then he'd get a thumbs up. His Dad would have a little 'lets make sure you're being careful talk. I'd be glad it happened under my roof and not in some alley way or behind the bike sheds!  




 My thoughts entirely.
 




 Why were you so angry? He's experimenting, it's completely natural. A parent's job is to guide and educate their children. A discussion about it may have been the better option.  Punishing like that can encourage them to try other sneaky ways and taking the ds away will only encourage him to find something else!  




 Well it seems you are better of without them. Being gay isn't something you choose, it's who you are. If they cannot accept their own son, then they have no right to call themselves your parents. I hope life is much better for you now, after a rocky start. Try not to hold a grudge. Think about the future and don't hold on to the past. Learn from it and move on.  :)  




 That's what I have. There's a water garden and night garden too. 




 I have it on my pc and it auto saves and picks up exactly where I left off next time I play. 




 I recently got the game and have to agree, it's addictive. But sex is more fun. Shame my boyfriend redditor is too busy playing Star craft .. . 




 This is my fella and I dressed up as dead Bonnie   Clyde. What do you think? 









 You probably deserved it.  




 Do you really think it's appropriate to reply to someone with such disgusting language if you consider them to be a minor? 




 Actually MOST lizard's tails do not grow back, in fact most of them die a few hours after losing their tail.  




 That's funny, due to the fact that in one of your previous comments within another post-you called yourself a bi-sexual. I guess that means YOU don't exist.  




 Because you're a dehydrated spunk bubble! 




 I've had a similar encounter with visplaneoverflow and cannot understand her need to be so malicious. In response, she is nothing but a dehydrated spunk bubble.  




 You are nothing but a DEHYDRATED SPUNK BUBBLE.  




 {school age me}  Work harder-you can do it} {17-18 year old me}LEAVE HIM, before it's too late. If you stay you'll lose your future daughter.  




 Being a bitch is not a very nice trait either.  




 Jealousy is not a very nice trait.  




 Are you male and are the tits you're talking about man boobs? 




 They like being massaged with oil or moisturiser 




 Somebody tell how to make the link smaller lol! 
 




 A weighted book mark, typically looks like this 

http://www.google.co.uk/search?q=weighted+bookmarks hl=en safe=off nord=1 biw=1138 bih=555 site=webhp prmd=imvns source=lnms tbm=isch ei=RQWOTv6eLNK28QPBsqA8 sa=X oi=mode_link ct=mode cd=2 ved=0CDUQ_AUoAQ 




 f off you miserable git
 




 I've had my fair share of threesomes with 1 guy and another {bisexual-obviously} girl-I think my boobs are partly to thank for that ;)  




 I've been doing 'that trick' for a while now. It only seems to impress guys and lesbians though . .  




 Pointing out someone's grammatical error in front of others only makes them look daft and you come across as a Grammar Nazi.  




 My fella reckons I'm half 'wild women out of control' and half 'Ms.Dream girl.' :)  




 Why are you down voting him reddit? 




 BEWARE GRAMMAR NAZI!  




 actually, I've found herbal sleep aids like Nytol work pretty well with me-better than pills prescribed via the doctor.  




 I think pretty much every teenager, whether male or female does the same, of course using there personally preferred sprays. I have a gay friend {23 yrs old} who insists on wearing celebrity perfumes by Brittany Spears etc, but not just one. He uses at least 5 at once. He smells like a brothel! Everyone tells him, but he never listens. Bleugh.  




 No problem.  :)
 




 Then get out there and make new girl friends. Widen your social circle and then you'll have friends to enjoy things with.

If you're THAT desperate to have a boyfriend, remember lads rarely get subtle hints. Be a little more  flirtatious in a verbal manner. Also . .buy the dude a drink. Men are sick n tired of having to buy us girlies drinks. He'll be pleasantly surprised. :)  




 You made me giggle. 'hung like a moose' 




 OUCH!  




 tut, you're so romantic!  




 My S.O now.

Sometimes I get scared. I don't know if I want this lifestyle yet. I'm only 24 with a mortgage/pets/3 year relationship/planning a baby./6 year old daughter.

But then you snuggle up to me and everything is okay. I hate it when you're angry. Not because you're aggressive or anything, I just like to see you happy. I do my best to make you happy, I don't always succeed though :(

Although I have my fears etc I know one thing is true. I LOVE YOU. 

I've never met a man with such an honest heart. You're loyal, affectionate, you stand by me through thick and thin. 

My daughter adores you and tells me more than she tells you lol. Although she thinks you should do more housework, hehe

My family think you're awesome and that makes me proud, as if I wasn't  already! 

One day I guess we'll tie the knot. Even though I'm scared for the future, I still look forward to being oldies walking down the street holding hands and talking about how ridiculous religion is or about quantum physics lol.  

I LOVE you more, I love you most, forever and always, your girl. xxx


p.s sorry guys-having a soppy moment, psst NO ONE TELL Redditor Mr Poletski about this! :P 
 




 To the ex {my first love}

You will never know the pain and suffering you have caused both our daughter and I. Why on earth a 23 year old man wanted custody of a little girl I had no idea. Now I do. Control. But what you don't seem to realise is, she sees it. She knows. Every time she's here she cries because she doesn't want to live with you or your rancid wife. She was nice when I first met her and I was happy that you had met someone who understood you and could show you the best way for our daughter.

But she changed and became snide like you. Her  brats do nothing but bully our little girl. How you live with yourself, I don't know. You even live on benefits because you're too lazy to work. Such a great role model for 5 children. 

One day either in court or when she's old enough to choose with her feet, our little girl will be where she belongs. With her Mum. She'll have a Father figure who she'll be proud of. Not some scum bag Steve with no job who is both physically and verbally aggressive. You may have 'control' now of me and her, BUT you WILL lose it and you'll lose her. Rot in hell.  




 Get to a doctor. NOW!
 




 you mean deodorant?  




 I concur!
 




 Thank you. :) 




 Wear high heels. On toes or even better-drag it down the front of their shin. Trust me it fucking hurts and teaches them a lesson-if a bouncer gets involved tell him calmly that it happened accidently as he rammed into you. :)  I used to do it when I worked in clubs. As soon as I left the bar some chav was grabbing my bum, so I just back stepped and put my heels to good use. I ended up getting well known for it-after a few weeks no one dared touch my behind!  




 21!!!  You have AGGGGEEEESSSS  until you need to start worrying about being 'forever alone'. 

'They' say that you shouldn't even be thinking of settling down until you're in your mid 30s. 

Spend time with the girls and just have a laugh. Maybe even a few 1 night stands {just use protection} Have fun and enjoy life. I'm 24 and have a 6 year old daughter. I love her to bits but strongly regret not waiting until I was older and wiser. 

I've missed out on so much like travelling/clubbing/working full time etc. Leave long term relationships for oldies and get out there and enjoy life :)  




 I grew up with a clinically depressed Father who suffers with panic attacks and loads of other stress related things. The situation that your daughter was put in, is something I experienced a lot. I also had to deal with my Mother venting about having to deal with it and how hard it is. 

It's good for kids to know their parents ARE only human. However, it puts a lot of stress on her because the person who she depends on most suddenly isn't strong and that's scary. 

I'm glad this is isolated and I hope for both yours and your daughter's sake, you make sure it doesn't happen again. 

Pick your self up for her. By her witnessing you NOT allowing it to control your life and determined to beat it-you'll be showing that when there's an issue, you CAN pick yourself up and start again. A valuable life lesson.

Good Luck, be strong. :) 




 I grew up with a clinically depressed Father who suffers with panic attacks and loads of other stress related things. The situation that your daughter was put in, is something I experienced a lot. I also had to deal with my Mother venting about having to deal with it and how hard it is. 

It's good for kids to know their parents ARE only human. However, it puts a lot of stress on her because the person who she depends on most suddenly isn't strong and that's scary. 

I'm glad this is isolated and I hope for both yours and your daughter's sake, you make sure it doesn't happen again. 

Pick your self up for her. By her witnessing you NOT allowing it to control your life and determined to beat it-you'll be showing that when there's an issue, you CAN pick yourself up and start again. A valuable life lesson.

Good Luck, be strong. :) 




 That must have been awful good luck. 




 Get to speak to solicitor about it, she maybe able to get compensation. It won't make it all better, but it'll help. 




 Awesome film.  




 She lived to a grand age, be proud! 
























 That is not over reacting, that's being possessive. 




 Is has to be 3. Knowledge is power.  




 The problem is, there are too many variables with the OP's problem. You{correct me if I'm wrong} have never met his wife or him. None of us know what's going through her mind, i.e whether she is suffering with post natal depression, what their sex life was like before, how he tries to discuss it with her, if there were complications during labour, her level of self esteem, whether she has returned to work already and really is just too tired etc etc. I could go on. 

It's easy for you guys to say, well she could at least give oral. But hang on, if she's not feeling sexual then why the hell should she? No one would ever pressure their partner in this way and they wouldn't even think about it, if they loved him/her. 

My partner works bloody long hours, we're in the middle of a custody battle and due to stupidly high solicitor fees causing us financial strain we're both a little stressed. Even so, my sex drive has always been higher than his. I often find that I want it when he isn't in the mood. Should I demand that he gives me oral or more when he really isn't in the mood? No! I just watch some porn instead. Masturbating is never as good as the real thing, but it's better than nothing. 

Obviously males cannot carry and give birth to babies, you lot have no real understanding of the toll it takes on the body and on the mind. Among other things, she needs time and understanding, not be labelled as a selfish 'asshole'.   




 Agreed!
 




 How do you feel about cloning? Aka dolly the sheep? {curiosity question} 




 I disagree, my views haven't changed before or after I had my daughter. Instinct does play a big part in it, but so do moral values.  




 My personal view is that once the life form can feel physical pain, then abortion should be seen very in a negative light. There are of course certain circumstances where that rule does not apply. Such as rape or irregularities, i.e severe downs etc then the decision should be made by both the Mother and if he's around, the Father. 

So many women use abortion as birth control and it sickens me. Women going for a third abortion due to 'accidental' pregnancy should be sterilised as they obviously don't have enough common sense to use contraception. 

I don't think they are saying that newborns should be killed. They are purely trying to make a point regarding their views on abortion. Everyone has their own views on the subject, it all depends on your personal view of at which point during pregnancy is it a baby.  I know a lot Mums consider 6 weeks, as that is when the heart beat can be detected.  









 Your wife is a very lucky woman to find such an understanding guy. Good luck and thank you for restoring a little more of my faith in men.  




 Going on and on at her won't help. Be gentle and understanding. She needs your support right now, not pressure. 




 According to the experts' it takes approximately a year for the human body to fully heal itself after giving birth. The first 6 weeks after giving birth is when the body is most fertile. Having no sex for those first 6 weeks is actually recommended. 

Breast feeding probably isn't helping your sex life, although it is of course helping your child. 

To your wife, her breasts are there to feed baby. Obviously this is going to make her feel less sexy and more maternal. Maybe see how she feels about slowly stopping breast feeds. Be gentle though and remember that her body has been through the most naturally traumatic thing it will ever go through. 

Giving birth really is a whole lot worse than than a punch to the gonads. Remember that her hormones are telling her to focus on baby not on more reproduction-which is of course, nature's reason for sex. 

Try getting a baby sitter for the night. Take her to a hotel or let the grandparents do their bit and have baby for the night. Keep up the good work too-i.e the flirting and helping out at home. Trust me, she may not show it but she'll damn appreciate it.

Eventually you'll get your sex life back on track, just enjoy some fun with your right hand and it's twin for the time being. As hard as it is, be patient. Don't ever have a go at her for it as this only makes things ten times worse.

Oh and when you do have sexy time, remember to tend to her needs too. She's more likely to come back for seconds if you do ;) Remember her favourite position and foreplay moves. Give her a full body massage to get her in the mood and relax her. But be gentle with the boobies. They will be very sensitive at the moment. 

Good luck. One last thing, don't be a douche and cheat on her. She's just had your kid! Show some love for the women helping you to carry on your genes!  




 Exactly!  




 Whilst smoking. "Nicotine is actually good for you. It helps lower chances of dementia."  Also "Only tailor made fags will give you cancer"  Ummmm. I don't want to live in this world any more!!!!   




 Exactly! Cancer sticks aren't cheap!!!  




 Anal?
 




 I have a friend like that. She soon shut up when I started asking who her favourite band member is and her favourite song. Had to do this a few times before she finally admitted to loving Brittany Spears and Bieber.  




 Forever alone . . 

 




 an headache? 
 




 Bleugh fishy tea really doesn't sound very appetising!  




 Did the fish enjoy their milk? 




 I've never thought of using soup to wash my arm pits before. Might try that sometime. . . 




 Do you not have a kettle? 




 May be you could try taking it up a level . . .
 









 "This is nature's way of saying fuck you Darwin" 

 




 I have seen some awesome comments on reddit and I have seen some lame ones. This comment gets the award for lamest so far.  




 I often reply with: "the time is the time my friend"
 




 Any time my boyfriend pays for something he says; 'here's __ of your Earth pounds"   We've been together 3 years now and it still makes me laugh when the cashier looks at him absolutely baffled. The joys of dating a geek redditor. . . 




 Congrats on successfully helping your girlfriend. She's a lucky girl to have a guy stick by her through it. Most guys will freak out at any girl that may have even the slightest bit of 'baggage'.   




 How can someone that is nothing but skin and bones be 'hot'? The girl is probably ill. My best friend is male. He's a few inches taller than I but weighs 3 stone less than I and I'm a size 8-10. He currently is very unattractive because of it. If he put on a bit of weight though, he would have a much better chance of getting laid. He doesn't have an eating disorder though, unless you call being a chef and not being arsed to cook at home a disorder.  




 Up voted for red October, made me chuckle! 

 




 Why for bedding in particular? 




 A Restore Magicka potion is much better.  




 Ever been licked by a cat? Think sand paper, then imagine it being used to grope your balls. . . 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_penis_size 




 Your wife sounds awesome.  




 My boyfriend does that a lot. I often wake him up with a blow job too. He does moan if he has work though :/  




 He carried on whilst bleeding in your mouth?? Get your own back next time you're on.  




  water sports dreams . . . 




 That's why having the biggest dick in town, isn't really a good thing. It also means you can get more of your cock down her throat, because there's less of it.   




 Not so much awkward, but definitely funny.
So I'm laying down whilst giving my man a blow job with my eyes closed{I was a little tired}. Suddenly he starts squealing at me to get off! I open my eyes mid suck to see our kitten Meson; licking his balls.  




 Dance as if nobody is watching 




 Never work in a nursery/crèche. 
 




 I have the same problem. He's a dobermann for goodness sake! I'm sure he can look after himself for a couple of hours, but I worry about there being a fire etc and I'm not there to get him out.  




 If you've had traumatic experience, then you should seek counselling or at least talk to a trustful friend about it. Also sometimes, experiences had as a child can effect us much more than we realise. You definitely need to talk to someone.  




 What's the paranoia over?
 




 Small step ladders and going to the top step. I can go up maybe 4 steps on a taller ladder, but as soon as I get near the top I panic. It's weird because I'm fine in planes etc. I hate standing on chairs or stools too. I'm a freak . .  




 I do wear bikinis but I lack the balls literally speaking.  




 Wow! loving that hair!  




 Showering every day and wearing cleaning pants should stop the sweaty arse issue. There's also talc. . . 
 




 Giving is just as fun{as long hygiene rules are followed of course!}  




 You have a bikini area? You wear bikinis???  




 A used one? 




 Yeah but most of us put them away after use!  




 I recently found that photos from my Facebook and also some of my information has been used to make a fake profile on this site. This site is for people looking for sex, to meet online

I am also currently in the middle of a custody battle over my little girl. My ex found the profile on wicked wives and is using it against me in court. I obviously need to sort this out quickly. 

He has contacted social services and is accusing me of accessing this site whilst my daughter is there and also of having sex with strangers whilst she's in my care. Both accusations are completely false. Unfortunately though, social services has told him to deny me access to my daughter until they have investigated it. 

I've spoken to the police tonight and they are looking it to it. They say   however, that they don't think they can do much about it. 

I can't even get rid of it because there seems to be nowhere on the site, to recover forgotten passwords and no one has replied to my emails either. 

My friend set up a fake profile so he could send a message on the site to who ever is pretending to be me. He got a robot message back asking for an introduction and basically trying to get him to reply.  

When you sign up you get to send 1 free message to another member. If you want to send more, you have to pay for them.

Does anyone have any idea what I can do about this or has anyone experienced a similar situation?  
 




 I've tried that :/  




 I've tried to use the forward option on Facebook but it doesn't seem to work. Also there is no 'select all' which is a little frustrating. 

 




 I've tried to use the forward option on Facebook but it doesn't seem to work. Also there is no 'select all' which is a little frustrating. 

 




 covered? It really should only be a little bit blood.  
























