 Thank you very much. 




 Haha. 




 2FAFP71W23X220401 




 I already got my refund! it was approved than two days later BAM 


































 How does the maintenance records look? that is very important for a car with 100k miles! 




 I am looking to purchase this honda with 39,000 miles for about 13k the auto check looked good except it was used as rental at one point. Still the price is really good and the mileage is very low any advice ? 
























 Thanks, I was thinking that or 29th! but a second opinion helps alot! 




 Hi everyone I really need this picture to be sharpened or better quality. A small date is what I really need to know on the picture. Its very important to me. If anyone can help I will really appreciate it.

http://i60.tinypic.com/qqtuzr.png 




 Thank you very much! 




 My brother is the one gifting or transferring it to me. I purchased the car already from him. I just need to take the title to register it. I don't know whether to say it was gifted or just transfer it. Or if there is a difference. 
























 Hi there, the last drug I was doing was heroin. I was sick of being miserable and not having money and constantly having to steal and live a life in fear of being arrested. I went to alot of detoxes and rehabs and eventually I gave up trying to run I went through the steps had a year and a half sobriety than I relapsed. I realized the drug wouldn't change anything in my life. I still struggle here and there I have weeks where I feel like shit. But having a crappy day sober is way better than having any day high or drunk for me. I'm 23 and only have my family by my side and a job. I realize I have a problem and its two choices live clean and sober and try to enjoy life. Or use or drink and watch me destroy myself and take my family down while I do it. Oh and I did blow too. Honestly man it isn't easy. Read some books on addiction or living a life finding meaning it will help.  




 Your mind is still running on the fact you can use drugs and alcohol. Yes you have relapsed my friend. Go to a meeting or find a sponsor.  




 I started using drugs early when I was around 14. I am 23 years old today. I've used all sorts of drugs. I am a addict in nature. If you need to help a loved one or anything at all ask away. 




 Thank you. 
























 Whether you do or not that isn't the question. I used cocaine and was addicted for six months than I was on oxycodone and went to heroin. This stuff is no joke. If your willing to put your brother or yourselves futures at risk go ahead and keep doing it. Substances are all a lie. It took me years to finally realize that myself. Nothing wrong with having a addiction. As long as you keep it in the past and do good today. That is what matters. Try something new. I would suggest going to a meeting or getting a sponsor. I was about a year sober and I felt like I was still running I was angry at myself, selfish, and tons of self pity. Not worth the struggle. 




 15ish years Adderall, Lorazepam, Anti Deprassants

16 Drinking alcohol, with a little bit of adderall and lorazepam still in the picture.

17 Addicted to cocaine for about six months than became addicted to oxycodone

18 oxycodone harder to find, I try heroin don't like it the first two three times but with withdrawing and it cost less I kept using it

19 to 21 Heroin went up to a $200 dollar habit and one point

21 to 22 and a half I was sober

22ish I relapse and use two times

Been sober since 7/25/14

These are good estimates I made. 




 I moved to Boston from California in middle school. (Total difference culture in each city it was very hard for me to adjust at a young age) I saw my grandma in the hospital in a coma. I started getting panic attacks throughout the month and went to the doctor and I was diagnosed with ADHD, depression, anxiety. I was given adderall and anti depressants. I started abusing the adderall because the more I took the happier I felt it gave me a sense of purpose and made me feel normal. 




 Live your life being kind to others and love your family your whole world can change in a matter of minutes. 
























 I understand, I am the most awkward person sociable I hate talking to people I don't know and my heart was thumping out my chest last week when I was getting ready to speak. No one judged me no one gave me dirty looks, the room was silent and understood what I was going through that day. Last week I was full of rage and now I've never been at such peace with myself. Fear is what we need to overcome I wish you luck brother. No rush take it one step at a time. You definitely took the right step speaking about it on here it takes courage. Your on the right path. 




 Alanon is very helpful. I know alot of people who go. I suggest going and talking and figuring out what is next for her path to recovery. Goodluck! 




 Hi there,

I think you should go to some meetings and speak. I did that last week and it totally changed my mind on everything I was going through. Listen to what others are saying and going through it will shed light on your situation. Whether its a newly sober person struggling. It will remind you how good you are doing and that you do not want to go to that dark place ever again. 




 Find sober friends. Read books on recovery. Stay humble. Help others. Go out of your way to do that it will really help. 
























 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgSzWIRGsHI

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dfxBkBtokc

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUdn_CerAdo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3mflB1Cj8s 




 Hi Im about a year sober and clean and my father is a active alcoholic who is struggling alot. I would get angry at times and disappointed but I've learned to manage and let him do his thing. You can't force him to recover but if he is willing to get sober give him the tools he needs to do that. Honestly it all comes down to what you want to do. Go home with your father and start drinking with him or go home with your father and work your recovery. I struggled in recovery because I was trying to live a normal life and try to be happy without my recovery tools. Didn't work until I started reaching out to people and going to meetings etc. Having sober people to talk to. So keep doing what your doing. Remember now that your sober you have the choice to pick up again or work your recovery. I can tell you its not going to be easy if your not fully sure on your future and recovery. I wish you the best of luck. If you have any questions let me know. 




 Really great video and it sheds light on my family's situation such a hit on the noggin! 




 Hi I used to live in Waltham! if you ever need anything feel free to message me. Or if you still help need help finding a sober house! 
























 Well I lied I still gamble here and there lol. 




 I've told my coworkers and no ones ever judged me. What other people think doesn't matter. Its what you know matters. The people who matter will care and understand and the ones who don't care it will show. I see it as a gift  because it is weeding out the people that don't matter. But it is also something we have to live with. Life is about learning from our mistakes and moving on. Addiction has shown me that I can live a normal sane life without drugs or alcohol or gambling and I take it as a gift and a learning point. 




 Hi there thanks for reaching out that is definitely taking the right step. I used drugs for about 8 years and finally came to a point where I had to stop. Your at a point where you seem like you want to end it. I would suggest trying out a local AA or NA meeting and linking with sober people. You need sober support and if you want you can Pm and I will recommend a few books. Your still addicted you need to acknowledge and move forward with recovery and you will feel much happier. 

Whats kept me sober is cutting out people I would get high with completely. Reaching out to sober people when I needed help. Reading books. Reminding myself that I should be grateful because life could be 100x worse if I never stopped. Helping others with addiction, connecting with people. Not being self centered. Which has always been hard for me. 





























 Wow that is awesome I want one now! 




 Hi there, 

I took adderall and started abusing it right away I was taking almost ten pills a day. It later led on to cocaine and more stuff along the way. I would suggest taking it easy these next couple days, the withdrawls do not last long. Drink lots of water and take a multivitamin. Throw away the rest of your drugs. Get to a meeting when you are feeling better and do not think you are okay after getting through the withdrawal phase this is just the start. Sometimes our brains trick ourselves and say we are better when we really are not. Talk to someone in a meeting, grab a number if you can. You have nothing to be ashamed of millions of people have struggled with addiction. If you want to feel better and happy and leave that guilt and shame behind do what I said. That is what ultimately helped me. I mean if you can get to a detox that would be better but you need recovery support for a while to build a good mental stronghold again. Goodluck my friend. Thanks for reaching out. I have faith you will do the right thing.
 




 It will pass give it time and patience. Stay active in your recovery. Talk about how your feeling. 




 Great. Just finished a large meal now I am recovering. 
























