 What's your best natural beauty 

That amazing thing that makes your hair super soft 

That perfect thing in your cupboard that makes your skin really hydrated 

The amazing secret that's better than any face wash 

Etc


My skin is really sensitive and my hair seems dry no matter what I do. So I thought maybe some natural treatments might work better.  




 I'm looking for a new foundation. I currently use the Elizabeth Arden plump perfect foundation and although it's good, my skin seems to have changed and now it just sits on my skin. 

I'm looking for a full cvs rage foundation that won't dry my skin out too much. 

Any help would be greatly appreciated  




 One of the most genius things he's said is 'I'd usually recommend the pill for irregular periods, but trying to conceive you don't want that do you?' And then he actually waited for an answer.  




 But that's it, I haven't had a period this month, it was two days early and it's just been spitting for 6 days now. Pink discharge that's sometimes brown.  




 Oops! I didn't think it posted. Stupid phone. 




 He finally agreed to tests lady month but left it too late to tell us that the blood tests had to be taken a week before my period. So we had to wait another month. 
We got the results and we didn't know what they meant so made an appointment. 
When we asked he said the test was 'fine' I asked what that meant and he said 'it means they were fine' I told him I didn't know what that meant and that the test was to see if I was ovulating, because any tests I've done the second line is never as dark as the control line. 
He said 'it probably means you are' and that was all the explanation we got. 
We urged him to refer us or send us for further tests because something is clearly up, especially with my periods being so irregular now. He just kept saying everything was fine and we were young and had plenty of time so there was no rush. 

When we left the receptionist asked if I was okay and I broke down, told her everything . 
She has booked me in with a female doctor and told me I should never have been told two years because all doctors advise a year. 

I'm so upset, I've spent two years feeling broken and devastated. Feeling alone even when my partner tried to comfort me or reassure me. 
Counting down the day in the month to ovulation and then waiting for my period. Doing test after test and willing a second line to appear. 

I'm still spotting, have been for 6 days. Extremely light pink discharge and still no real period.  




 We finally got him to agree to blood tests last month but he informed us to late that they had to be done a week before your period. 
So we waited another month, when we got them back we didn't understand what that meant so we made an appointment. When we asked he said 'the tests came back fine' I asked what that meant and he said 'it means fine' I told him I didn't understand what that meant and did it mean I was ovulating, because whenever I've done ovulation tests the second line is never as dark as the control line. He said 'it probably means you're ovulating' and that was as much of an explanation we got. 
I urged him that clearly we needed more tests and that my periods were now irregular and painful, he just said that everything seemed fine and we were young so there was no rush. 

When we went out into reception the receptionist asked if I was okay and I cried and told her everything, she has booked me in with a female doctor and told me that we should never have been told two years. That a year is always what is advised for further tests etc. 

I'm so upset, every month I take a day off work for when I get my period because I can't handle how depressed I feel once I get it, and I always expect to get it now. I feel broken and my doctor won't listen to me.  




 I wank a lot, when i'm bored or tired or can't sleep or because i'm horny or because i've done it once and i wanna see how quick i can do it again. Plus sometimes it's nice to check out what's going on, ya know. 




 If me and my boyfriend switched he would think 'well she wanks a lot when i'm not around' 'she looks at her boobs and vagina a lot' 'she poops WAY more than she makes out' and finally 'holy shit period pains are the worst thing in the whole world ever' 




 I don't have much in there at the moment, but here you go :)
http://open.spotify.com/user/116416446/playlist/6i7Xy5eLVdCyPucurXKIlG 




 That's quite a bit for me to get on with! thanks so much :D 




 Just after some epic sounding post rock to update my playlist 


































 Thanks :) 
4 hours and it will be three days late. Still no sign. 
Tmi I know but I'm so constipated and my breast feel like they are going to burst with pain. At this point I just want to get my period so I can get on with it.  




 Thank you so much, just hearing that someone can see how much we care and you saying to try and not fight. I don't know why but it just kinda helps. 

Fighting always seems so trivial and silly afterwards I never understand why we even argue in the first place :( 




 Thank you for your opinion. Which you're entitled too. I'll take it on board.  




 We are trying because we may not even have a chance, it was the cancer scare and being told we may not be able to ever have children that started all of these issues off.  




 Writing down my thoughts down does help sometimes because I can take my time. 

Talking I get tongue tied and almost stutter now, and then I get angry at myself and start shouting and getting frustrated. 

I'm very good at articulating myself, it's like I've everything in me and who I am over the last 2-4 months. I'm not sure when or how long ago it started  




 Well that's it, when I'm upset I can go to my friends and they listen and want to know why I'm feeling a certain way. They know how much I love him and so they just listen and are there for me. They don't push their opinions. 

I'm not sure who he has to talk to, we both have his mum but he's so adamant nothing is wrong he just keeps saying 'I'm happy if you're happy' 

He's also a gamer and he's started playing a lot more games, to escape I think? He's always gamed a lot but it's a LOT more recently. 

I don't want him to be strong and silent and my hero, but if that's how he's not feeling really. I want to know if he's stressed or sad. Even if it's me that is causing it, how would I know if he doesn't tell me? He wants to fix everything for me, make me feel better, not give me any stress and not make me feel bad. Why would he think I don't want to do the same for him?  




 That isn't what I said or meant. He isn't venting or talking it through he's asking this person to make decisions for him and to answer for him. 

He's trying to act like the strong silent hero and fix everything and make everything better. Any time I ask if he's struggling or needs help he says no 

I have no idea what's going on. He's telling me nothing is wrong but I know something is wrong because I know him. Then he's going to this guy for advise or help. 

A relationship is based on communication. 

And yes, I am trying to get help. I can't take any medication because we are trying to conceive and I wouldn't take anything anyway. 

I was put on a waiting for counselling which was a 3 month wait list, and my first session is in five days. I've also taken some time off work to try and relax and de-stress 




 It's not that he was talking to him, I understand that completely. If he can't talk to me then he NEEDS to talk to someone else. This friend however is going straight to 'it's all hassle, women are hassle just break up' which doesn't help the situation. 

I have counselling in five days, and I'm hoping that starts to help. 

I want him to talk to me about everything but he's trying to be the strong but silent type. Isn't telling me if he's having troubles in work etc because he doesn't want to worry me, but I know SOMETHING is up anyway so I worry and stress and make up all sorts letting my mind wonder with what is going on and what he isn't telling me  




 I've known my boyfriend since we were 11 we went to the same high school. 

I moved and moved to a different high school, I left home young, as soon as I could when I was 16 to a much older, controlling man. Got married at 19 and had the courage to leave him when I was 21 with the help of who I thought was my best friend but turned out to be one of the worst people. 

Whilst I was leaving my husband me and my current boyfriend got chatting, went for drinks. He told me he had always had a crush on me and always liked me. We ended up going home together. 

I knew I didn't want a relationship but I REALLY liked him, he was the first person I had had ever, properly had a crush on and he didnt want one because he had just come out of one as well

Anyway, things went tits up and we fucked each other around for about a year. Sleeping with each other but fighting and bitching about each other when we weren't doing that

Four years pass and in that time I have a relationship with an abusive sociopath, I get the courage to leave him and  have no interest in relationship or men or anything.....until we start talking again 

Things are AMAZING this time though, we fall in love and everything is perfect. 

Then his housemate moves out, and mine moves to Australia....everyone wants to know why we aren't moving in with each other? He wants to know why we aren't. We have only been together four months though 

But we do, we move into what we think is the perfect place. Then we have the landlord from hell, no heating for months in winter, broken cooker and shower on and off. Insane damp in the bedroom that covers everything in a small layer of water 

I get a new CRAZY busy job with loads of pressure and my boyfriend starts having struggles at work 

He have money problems 

We go through a breast cancer scare with a biopsy and tests and scans (yay no cancer!) 

We get told me might have trouble Conceiving so (and probably stupidly) we stop using protection. Except now I'm worrying about conceiving. Whilst all our friends get pregnant around us I'm worried about being broken. I would love a family with this man. I've never wanted one before but the thought of a family with him fills me with this pure feeling of just warmth and happiness. So why am I the not who's not conceiving? 

Anyway, so much happened I just kind of snapped. I started having panic attacks, chest palpitations, scratching my face and pulling bits of hair out, I developed ibs, I cry several time a day, I get headaches every day. 

I just kind of broke, and everything came out. How I'm struggling and suffering with anxiety and stress and depression. 

We agreed that I needed more help around the house and sometimes to just be taken easy and fragile with everything 

But the opposite has happened

Our relationship break down isn't a victim of circumstances like cheating, it's neglect. 

I don't think he can handle everything either but he's trying to be the strong one, the man, the hero and no matter how much I tell him I don't want or need that I just need HIM he's still trying to be strong.  

When I do try and talk I'm so anxious it all comes out in jumbles and shouts and then I get more anxious and start scratching my face and shaking and having panic attacks. We antagonise each other and it gets so out of hand. We usually only stop when I'm crippled with chest pain having a panic attack

It's like he's shut down, he's not the same him since I broke down, he's not here, he's different and distant. 

So this morning when I got up early because I was ill, when I went online his Facebook was still open

And I just couldn't help myself. I looked, and he's been talking to a friend about everything, communicating with him, telling him how he feels and getting advise from him. Even copying messages from me and asking him to help reply 

Why is he talking to someone else and not me? 

What can I do? 

I love him so much, he's my person and I don't ever want to live without him. Everything before him just seems rubbish and wrong

But I'm watching our relationship ruin day by day as we argue and shout and I'm finding it harder a harder to deal with everything. 

I've even debated killing myself 

I just don't know what to do anymore 

I just want us to be okay again. I want us to be US because it's just me, missing him. 

 




 I wax my eyebrows, I just buy the large wax strips for legs and then cut them to size with scissors. 

I tried microwaveable ones and eyebrow ones and all sorts and this just works best for me and works out a lot cheaper as well!  




 I would say maybe clean the tops up a bit and they would be great. You already have a fab shape and they really suit your face. Very jealous of your brows!  




 I got the naked2 for Christmas, I had been viewing blogs and YouTube videos for months and couldn't decide between 1   2 

What made me want two more was the hard wearing tin case over the velvet one and the colours were more 'my' colour 

If also put off buying t because t coat so much, but would happily spend 16 on a mac eyeshadow. 

I'm glad I got it, now I want 1   3  




 I'm seeing her tomorrow, I've written everything down I want to ask her. 

My spotting stopped Sunday but I feel like I'm going to get another period any second now. 

I'm so scared something might be wrong :( 




 I'm hoping that seeing the female Doctor in two weeks, we'll get some more answers, or she will explain more to us, refer us. Anything to get anywhere other than we are 
























 Thanks so much. I woke up and cried this morning then when I got into work I remembered to check and all the comments really made me feel warm  




 Thank you :)  




 I have therapy currently, but the UK NHS will only pay for 7 sessions. Which ends soon. I'm hoping we will be able to pay privately after that. Other wise I'm at a loss as to what to do  




 Yeah that's it, every month. I build myself up and I actually start to feel happy, but that's because there is hope then. When I get my period it's ground zero, and I have to build my way back up, trying not to hope but never being able to stop is creeping up, such a wonderful feeling to have. If you can get what you're hoping for in the end, when it's dashed month after month, hope becomes everything I detest and hate, hope currently makes me bitter and angry and jealous of all my friends, who I desperately want to be happy for and I can act happy for them. Inside I'm dying for what they have. It really feels like I'm dying infront of them.  




 I've got a little chihuahua who is wonderful and loving, and gets my constant mothering. She really is our little baby  




 This community is great, and always helps. It just helps to know that actually, you aren't insane and crazy, because every woman feels the same in the same situation. It helps that i'm not alone but also makes me so sad....that i'm not alone in this. It upsets me so much seeing how so many women are feeling as broken, useless and desperate as i am 




 You put it so perfect, it's the most challenging mental workout i've ever had. One that I can't control. I've just started therapy as well :(  




 Is that your little doggie? he/she is very VERY cute. Thank you 3 




 I called in sick most of the week, and hid away in the dark. Crying and screaming and stamping my feet and banging doors on purpose. Then trying to reign it in for when my OH gets home so he doesn't see how mental this is actually making me (little doses, he's a gentle soul haha)

I feel so pathetic for needing time off work, some months i can handle it, others i can't. Usually the months when my period is late, it screws with my head so much.

I'm sorry you're going through this too, where's our F'ing stalk when we need him eh? big hugs to you as well x 




 Thanks Fabulous Mrs O ;)

It makes me feel better that there are people going through what i am, feeling what i am, doing what i do. Then is breaks my heart that there are so many women, all over the world who are feeling and hurting like i am. We all deserve babies, my newest and most overused thing i say is 'but why don't i get a baby and the bad mums do?' i'm getting sick of myself 




 I'm so sorry you went through something so awful :( I had a miscarriage two years ago and that was something I'm sure I will get over, I can't imagine holding my baby in my arms and seeing what could have been. I'm crossing everything for you that a week late means good news and that you have a happy and healthy pregnancy. 

This is the third day I am late, it's been two days late before but not three, but then it isn't really three until the end of the day. 

I'm not holding out any hope though, I know I'm not. I'm not going to do any tests and upset myself more when they are negative. 

I was told two years ago that I was infertile and I thought over time it would get easier, but it doesn't, it just gets harder. 

Why am I not entitled to something so many women get by 'accident' ? 




 Thank you 3 




 I remember when I used to be pleased when I got my period, and almost pleased when they were irregular 'woo not pregnant and not so many periods' now I detest getting them but getting a late/irregular/non existent syke you out one? Worse.  




 That's the worst part, the hope. I know I'm not pregnant, I've been here many times before and done test after expensive test, willing it to say positive only for my period to arrive, finally and I'm devastated. 
So this time, no tests and no hope, I know I'm going to get my period and that's that, but it's not. With every hour, heck with every minute that goes past there is a little bit more hope. 

What gets to me is the constant toilet trips I'm having to take because 'OMG it's finally here' oh no false alarm.  
























 Thank you :) i decided to get my bum out of bed, danced wildly around my flat whilst cleaning. That made me feel a little better, seeing everything all clean and where it should be.

IVF scares the shit out of me, and i know i'm nowhere near ready for it, but there is a huge waiting list, i don't know how long it is though. That's the thing about infertility it's just a fuck tonne of not knowing anything and it drives me insane 




 It's on my list of things to watch, but unfortunately when i feel low i turn into megagirl 300 and like to watch fluffy things like new girl and the mindy project, people are always mixed about supernatural, so i've put it off for a while, but i did that with the first season of game of thrones and breaking bad. It was epic having a whole season to watch though, i like to power watch things. 

hehe! sexy, beautiful and handsome (no-homo i assume?) but always good to have some hunky eye candy, this makes me want to watch it more.... 




 That made me smile the biggest smile! i often dream about being in the truman show (god damn that film) but i like yours way better. Also, should i give supernatural a go? 
I think i'd be more a new girl show if i was a show. 
Thanks for your reply, it genuinely cheered me up a bit 




 I would say your parents may feel some guilt, and it makes them feel bad so they attack. Because they don't want to be made to feel bad about something they can't fix. They are your parents, it probably kills them to see you so depressed, they are probably struggling with it a great amount. They are trying to help by paying for treatment, but can't do anything first hand. I suffer with severe depression, i've tried to commit suicide 3 times, so i can understand where you are at this time. I know that i push people away, and i get angry at them, when they are trying to help and it can make them say mean things to me. I think you have to both learn to give each side a break, they need to give you a break because you're depressed, everything is harder, everything is pressure, even having to communicate with people is hard, but also, see how hard it might be for them? seeing you so low, not being able to help and having you lash out because you're confused and anxious and depressed. Depression, i personally think is one of the hardest things us humans can try to understand. I mean, i don't know you're parents or you, but i'm just trying to help a little, i'm always here to chat if you need, you can send me a private message at any time, even if it's just to say you're feeling really shitty. I'm a good listener :) i really hope you feel even the tiniest bit better soon 3 x 




 Don't worry, i'm not going to do anything stupid. But i have, and it scares me how easily i can start thinking about it again. I just wondered what other people did to help them? what steers you away from thinking dark thoughts? what helps you stop the thoughts in their tracks, if anything?

I turn music up as loud as i possibly can, and dance wildly around my flat, i mean legit wildly, hair flailing, hips like Shakira (in my mind)  

I need a little help today. 




 Thank you, I am getting counselling, i have suggested joint counselling for us both, mainly just so he could understand me and the situation better because he says he doesn't. But he said no, and wants to try having fun and going out again instead. 




 With the NHS and how it works, i could only see my first therapist for 6 sessions, then they decide if you need further help or if you're better. When i tried to kill myself she was one of the first people i told, and she referred me to the mental health team, who i would them see. She was just so lovely, and she'd give me a hug when i was leaving. I miss her :( 




 I phoned my local mental health team, they asked me why I hadn't called before and i cried so hard i couldn't hear them and they couldn't get a single word out of me. So, i've got an emergency appointment next Thursday at 1.30pm. She said that even though the anti-depressants would be helping, she said being told that it would be recommended we have IVF and that my partner is infertile is really hard news to hear and that i may need something different now to help, it's a lot for a tiny pill to deal with.

I try and talk to my partner about how scared i am, about hearing that he's infertile etc and that i'm so scared of the fact that i won't ever conceive naturally, here in the UK you're entitled to IVF once, we wouldn't ever be able to afford it, so i've also had to come to terms with the fact that we will probably only have one child, at most. I try and tell him and he turns on the 'happy machine' and tells me everything will be fine, we might even conceive naturally, the results could have been wrong. I'm fed up of hearing it all though, it's all bad news and i should be allowed to deal with that, to come to terms with the fact i won't have a child naturally and only have one. I should be allowed to be sad and angry, It makes me more angry and upset that he doesn't understand that. 

I also suggested couples counselling, or something along those lines to help, i told him i didn't think he understood what's going on or anything and it might help, but he said no, said all we needed was to go on dates again.

He doesn't really think anything i say or suggest is a good idea. 




 I know that he wants what's best for me, but he gets these ideas or reads what is best for someone or gets advise from his friends and that's it, it's in his head like concrete, no matter what i say. I tell him ways he can help, like helping with cleaning or doing something like i love, but he's so stuck in his ways, i'm his first long term girlfriend and so everything is alien to him, still. It makes me feel alien, i ask him to help with the house in every way i can, nicely, i sit him down and talk to him, i get upset and cry, i order him to do it, i shout and scream and call him names, nothing works and then i'm the monster who has called him names and then he's down for a few days, doesn't help because he's down because i've shouted at him, and we go around and around in this circle. I don't know, maybe we're just not working anymore, all of this is just highlighting that fact. I find myself saying what i know he wants to hear sometimes. I just can't be bothered anymore. It seems to all be his way, but he thinks it's the other way around. I stopped trying for a baby for HIM because he wasn't comfortable anymore, even though it kills me, I agreed to stay where we are living even though i hated it, as long as we made it a home, after waiting months i made it a home myself, bought everything, cleaned the entire place (i'd gone on cleaning strike and it was like we lived with wild animals) i moved furniture and carried home shopping that kills my arms, He left, about 2 months ago, got his mother to come up to our bedroom and tell me and then she stood between us not letting me talk to him, told me i couldn't be a mother with how i was, how i was treating him, how he was coming home to a dirty house. She stood in my home and put me down at the very lowest part of my life. I was screaming for help, from everybody, and then he left. Now i want space, and i asked him to just stay at his mothers for one night, so i could just sit in my own bed without anyone and cry, and be upset and think everything through and try and decide what i need. He refused and so i gave in, i've had a week off work and to be honest it's been so nice in the day and as soon as it gets to 4pm and i know he'll be home in an hour and a half i start feeling all uptight and anxious because i know he'll want attention and love and affection, he'll want to watch something different to what i've been watching all day, he'll want me to cook. When even just talking at the moment feel so hard to do. i'm rambling again, i'm really sorry 




 I had counselling at the beginning of the year, it did help, because she would tell me everything i felt was normal, she'd let me just sit there and cry, she would let me get angry and shout and tell her it wasn't fair and she's agree and tell me that it wasn't fair and feeling angry and shouting was normal. My partner is all about the calm, hates when i'm angry, so i feel pressure from that too. When i'm pretty much angry a lot of the time. To be honest i'm starting to just distance myself from him and i'm scared about that too. I got referred to a different therapist though and i'm waiting on them. Which i'm also scared about, i don't want to have to tell another stranger all about how i feel and what's going on.  




 Yes, anti-depressants, i've been taking them for about 6 weeks now. I don't know if they help, i kind of picked myself back up when my partner left, now i feel so down again i don't know what to do. I can't really talk to him, he just tries to cheer me up, or make things better, telling me to smile and not worry. But i am worried, all the time, i don't want to smile, i want to cry. I feel trapped in my own mind and house. I'm not allowed to be upset, i'm not allowed to be down or cry, i'm not allowed to be angry. When i am, i'm angry, so angry, at myself, at my body at my mind, at him. :'( 




 I can't remember the last time I woke up and wasn't terrified. I suffered with depression through Christmas and the new year, My partner couldn't handle it anymore and got his mother to tell me he was leaving. I tried to kill myself, he came back and we're working on things. I made myself better, got a new amazing job and i'm really trying so hard every day to just get through. We agreed that we would stop trying because he wasn't comfortable, i suggested we stop everything for 6 months, no appointments no nothing. I'm terrified though, all i've ever wanted since i can remember is to be a mother. 

I've started to wonder if i even want children at all anymore, but am i just making myself think that because i'm scared?

I don't want IVF, i don't want hormone treatments and everything that comes with it, i want to feel the joy of finding out i'm pregnant, i daydream about doing the test and it being positive, and then i crash back to reality where i'm all broken and a mess and not even trying to get pregnant anymore. 

I'm struggling so hard this week, i've spent the last two days in pretty much constant tears, even when i'm okay my face streams with tears, i'm being sick again and not eating, i don't want to get out of bed. 

i'm so scared, what if i get so low again and he leaves again.

i feel so fucked i just want everything to go away, just for a little bit i don't want to be worried or scared of my own life.

I just want to feel normal, for one day. Instead i feel pressured by everything, pressure to keep a clean house, pressure of even being someones girlfriend and everything that goes with that. Pressure of not trying or pressure of trying, pressure of a new job, If i could run away and clear my head and not have anyone make me do anything or try to fix me. I would. I'd leave everything just to stop everything for just a little while.

I know i'm just rambling but i don't really have anyone at all. 




 That's so amazing! i'm so happy for you. Thank you so much for letting me know, we've decided to stop trying for a year. No appointments no trying no nothing. I'm hoping that eases all the stress and upset, even though it terrifies me to stop trying. Thanks again for letting me know, that's made me happy and so happy for you! 




 I try to go to the gym 3 times a week and it helps with sleeping  
























 I guess it's British slang? I didn't realise. It means cool, alright. It's something that's did in passing though like, 'I like the new chart song' oh you do? Safe.  




 No ignore me, i'm going to take my tiny dog for a walk and stop being a grumpy bum.  




 All looks so delicious! what a babe. Surprise snacks are the BEST kind of snacks 




 Thank you :) i'm starting to look forward to Thursday and being able to talk everything through with someone 




 Thanks I think so too, I suggested we talk about it every 6 months. So then there's a time frame but also no pressure. 




 I know that nobody can help really and that most of these things i'm going to have to deal with myself, i just wish there was a magic genie that would fix everything for me whilst i sat back and drank gin LOL. I'm off to the shop to get my hubby's favourite food. So i'm hoping that cheers us both up! 




 Thank you :) i'd really like a text buddy, but i'm in the UK :( 
I was seeing a therapist, and i'm seeing one again on Thursday after a 6 weeks break. So i'm looking forward to that. 
I was doing fine today, i got up early, walked quite a long way to get my hubby's favourite dinner. When i told him though he replied 'safe' and it made me cry so now i'm back in bed. Maybe tomorrow eh? 




 I think that's what I'm most scared of though. That I will get counselling and come to the realisation that maybe this relationship just isn't working. I love him so much, I've never felt like this someone. I didn't want children with anyone before him, we went to school together we dated. Few years ago and it didn't work out then we ended up together. Maybe I'm stuck in the idea it's some rom com ending, we are meant to be and meant to live happily ever after. I don't want to let that go. 

He came home with red roses today, I don't know what I did to deserve them but I can't stop smiling. 
However, he said we are really low on money and our pay days are about three weeks off, if I was to spend the same on something i love like nail polish he would be really angry. I know that sounds selfish but I don't mean it that way, I mean, both make me happy, but if we are low on money then we are low on money aren't we? Don't get me wrong they are so beautiful and i was feeling so long, they cheered me up. 

I don't really have anyone to vent to, my best friend is Russian and very to the point, she doesn't think he's right for me, she LOVES him and thinks he's a lovely guy, she just doesn't think he's right/good for me. She just turned up at my house when I tried to kill myself and she said she'd never felt so broken when she sat in the room with the psychologist whilst I told them why I did it. She's scared that I will struggle again and he won't be able to handle it and leave again and I will try and kill myself and she won't be around. She said it's her own selfish reason as well because I'm her best and only friend in the uk so she doesn't ever want to lose me. 

My mother is poison and my father is an alcoholic, so I don't see any of my family or siblings. I tried talking to his mother and really felt like we were close and she would help me, then she broke up with me for him, packed all his things for him and stood in between me and him and said awful awful things to me. I wasn't fit to be a mother because I was so depressed, I needed to pick myself up and 'stop being like this' that I was making him miserable and he shouldn't have to come home to me like this and a house so dirty. Then he left me on the stairs, they both just left me on my own when I'd told him that morning I wanted to kill myself. Afterwards after he had come home, she invited us to a few family things and I didn't want to go, when he asked me why I told him about his mother, he said he couldn't remember and said he would talk to her, it took two weeks and another argument with me calling him awful names, told him he was like his father, even called him a cunt, he talked to her but is now angry at me because I'm angry  at her and not comfortable around her. 

I literally agreed to stop trying for a baby for him, I would still be trying now because I'm so scared I might lose my chance, but I don't want to start taking the pill and mess up my cycle and condoms make me very sore after a while, he's also very large so it happens quicker. We agreed to not have unprotected sex for a week in the middle of my cycle and I said I would try condoms, then he got grumpy at me because I didn't want to try condoms that month and would prefer to not have sex, it was also hard for me to use condoms when I was ovulating, like an extra kick in the teeth. I got really upset and cried and he said he was sorry and wasn't thinking, but it still upsets me. 

That's the other thing as well, I can't bring up anything because he says it's in the past and we are moving on, but it's all happened since January, that isn't the past is it? It still feels really fresh and still hurts an insane amount. 

I know all of this sounds like I've answered my own questions about our relationship, and trust me I could go on and on but that's it at all, I really do love him more than anything in the world, even my dog who is my child and who has been my constant since my divorce. Since I was 18 actually. He's my world. I don't want to figure out we aren't working, or give up, I don't want to break up, I just want help, talking to him didn't help, doing it online so I don't shout and call him names doesn't help, writing it all down and telling him doesn't help, ordering him, shouting, screaming, calling him awful names. Nothing works it just makes me more of a minister because I'm calling this lovely guy all this horrible things when he's so calm and never shouts at me. 

All his friends say they don't like how I talk to him and he says there is no need for my anger or shouting and he just wants us to be perfect and never argue, but I feel like he drives me to it,  I start shouting even if we aren't arguing because I never feel listened to, I feel like I'm shouting over my own mental broken brain and if he wants this perfect relationship but then why isn't anything changing? Why isn't he? He's telling me I need to stop being angry and calling names, but then nothing changed and I build up to full rage again. What do I do? What do I need to do. I'll do anything but I don't know where to even start. 

I've full on rambled now, but once I started talking I couldn't stop. It's not often I have people listening to me
 




 I was expecting so much from Dazzle Camouflage. Not gonna lie, a little disappointed it's only stripes 




 I'm 26, i've 'started afresh' a few times, left my controlling much older husband when i was 20, then left an abusive partner. I can't hit the refresh button this time though, because there's nothing to refresh :/ So i feel like i'm stuck in a rut. 

All i seem to do is observe my body, but i think i try and figure it out TOO much, i get angry and i'm like, is that depression? pms? sometimes i think i have to just know that all it is, is anger.

YES! that's exactly it, i've always felt weak, because of my childhood, i build myself up and i'm this strong independent person. Then i got depressed and tried to kill myself, now i feel so broken and weak, i hate how my boyfriend looks at me sometimes. I hate people knowing i'm struggling. 

He says i'm the powerful one in the relationship, i wear the trousers. He told me he wasn't strong enough to deal with how depressed i was. So now i'm starting to feel so low again i'm scared, he's not strong enough for this and can't handle it, so what do i do? i don't want to lose him, but i can't look after myself and someone else too.

I'm sorry you've gone through so much 3  




 Yay us! :) 




 It's 4pm in the UK here, i didn't get up until the afternoon :/ 
Change always helps me too, but i'm not really sure what i could change at the moment. Whilst i LOVE my new job in a school, it's a new job so i'm having to make a super impression. To be honest my biggest pressure at the moment is my relationship. Counselling next week though after a 6 week break, so i'm just preying that starts to help me again. That's my main goal as well, i had a really shitty childhood, so i want to illuminate stress and give my child the best and happiest life they could have. My biggest kick in the teeth is my family is mainly females, and they are all as fertile as bloody cats, they stop taking contraception and BOOM bun in the oven. 




 Huzzah! glad i helped in the man crush hehe! it's like we're having a sleepover and talking crushes, this chat has super cheered me up (SUPER which means it's like cheered up but with super powers) 




 Nah, I find that most men have a 'if i was gay i'd totally let him touch my butt' I find that a lot of the time it's Nathan Fillion. 
Girls get it too, like i see some women and i'm not sure if i want to be them or be all up on their grill ya know? Kat Dennings does it for me heh she's so feisty and busty.  
























 Bargain scents: my absolute favourite even over higher costing brands- Katy perry purr and meow, they smell like candy.
Britney Spears perfumes also smell very sweet.
Éclat D'arpege not a readily available scent where I am but it's beautiful 

High end brands: Prada candy, says it all in the name. 
Marx Jacobs dotty, daisy and honey.  




 His father wanted him to aim for a bakers dozen.  




 I'm so sorry you were having a bad day, but I'm glad I could help in any way :) 3 thank you again, so much x 




 I enjoy workaholics a huge amount!  




 You're not a drag! yes you could do those things in a previous job, but you weren't ill! you are very ill now and that isn't your fault, i'm saying that even though a lot of the time i blame myself, think i'm broken, luckily for both of us i'm having one of those days of clarity. You seem like a lovely person, where are you from? what does your job involve? 
i used to have a high pressure job, now i work in a school, some days i need to come home or some days i cry to my colleagues, i'm a lot more emotional than i used to be, whilst that makes me feel weak sometimes i can see that it does help and it helps people around me see what's going on, it helps them help. 
The fact is, it's lucky you don't have that previous job, that would have made you more ill in the future, it's a positive thing that you don't have to fly all over the world, work into the night, because at the moment you couldn't, you're doing so amazingly and as you get better maybe you can look to getting another high pressure job, or, maybe you can just enjoy finding other things to take up your time.
I do crafts, i never saw myself as someone who would do it, but i do them on my in my own little space and it's therapeutic and i love seeing what i've made at the end :)  




 Oh noes! I still found out about the outdoor cinema so still awesome 




 I want to come i want to come! i love Star Wars and i've always wanted to go to an outdoor theatre 




 I LOVE chapter arts, if you like old movies i absolutely love going to bad film club, they play a bad, old movie and two comedians narrate over it and you get given haribo! then you have a delicious pint afterwards.

The yard often has live bands playing, i live on the taff trail and i'd say that's definitely the best place to cycle, it goes on and on and you cycle along the lovely river

hope i helped some how :) 




 I posted a week or so ago, about how i was feeling so low again and i didn't know what to do. The user Vexwyf really helped me and i wanted to say a huge, massive thank you. As well as a thank you to all the other people who commented and helped.

I had my first appointment with the local mental health team, they've given me lots of tips on dealing with anxiety and will be helping me more over the next few months. 

Me and my boyfriend are a lot stronger, he's been amazing, we sit for hours and talk, he's there when i cry over nothing. He's started cleaning the house! even without being asked! which is like magic. We seem a lot stronger 

If it wasn't for Vexwyf i'm not sure i'd even be here today i was feeling so low on that day. 

sometimes all it takes is reaching out to the internet, and a stranger is there to catch you. 

Thank you again 3 So much.

P.S: i didn't know if i could like tag them or anything, i'm fairly new to posting, i'm used to being a lurker. 




 These comments are like i'm talking, I'm also on Citalopram and i have days of clarity where i can think straight and i have hope in things, i go to the gym and make plans with friends, i have bursts of creativity and plan of doing things around the house. Then i get low again and i do nothing, cancel any plans i've made, let my house get messier and messier. Then i'll start all over again. Just one big constant loop 




 I was going to ask if anything in the past few weeks had happened. Anything even that you may think is small. 
I've also become the girl who wants to commit suicide, i went from the feisty, takes no shit, always positive and happy and excited girl. To the girl that doesn't see any hope and wants to commit suicide. 

It's not our fault though, we're ill. Just because you can't see it doesn't mean we aren't. We are dealing with one of the most difficult illnesses there is, we're being strong by even trying to get better. I know that for me sometimes it all seems like a waste of time and that i'm not getting better, but people around me see little differences, i've asked them to start telling me, because knowing that people can see little changed spurs me on to try that little bit harder, which in turn helps me get a little bit better. I'm having a dip currently, but there is the tiniest bit of hope that i'll be back to where i was and continuing to try and get better. Maybe you could ask people to start doing that for you?

for now, i'm sat in bed eating chocolate and searching reddit. Letting myself be glum and down, because there's nothing wrong with it. It's just how i'm feeling.  




 I think my answer is affected by the fact that i'm very depressed now, I think for a long time after i'd done it, when i was happy and safe i didn't ever think about it. Now i can't remember, because i can't really remember being happy. I know i was though, but it's more like a film in my head now, not me. 




 Mine come and goes, it goes away but i think it's because you've experienced it? for me, trying to commit suicide felt almost spiritual, i felt high going to sleep because everything would stop. Getting better and happy made me realise how low i was and that it was and never will be the answer. I've tried once more since then because i'm suffering with severe depression again. 

To me, it's almost like quitting smoking if that makes sense? if i'm feeling a bit sad or depressed or any emotion other than sheer happiness. I can see a packet of tablets and much like i imagine someone who has given up smoking i get this burst urge of 'take them, take them all' like another person egging me on. It shocks me. 

Other times i can outright think it 'throw yourself infront of this train and everything stops'

I have hope that it does go away, once you get over it completely, once it starts to be just a bad memory other than a way out, ya know? 




 I know I'm probably being too touchy, but it takes a lot for me to even get out of bed and he knows that. So to walk for over an hour just to get his favourite dinner and him just reply 'safe', upset me. 





























 Thank you! isn't it just such an amazing feeling when you change something so simple as your makeup storage, it's like cleansing. I loved taking all my products and cleaning them and organising them. Afterwards I just stood and stared at it for a good 20 minutes, now and again brushing a hand over some of the things. I suddenly realised I was acting gollumesque when iI actually thought the words 'it's mine' 
The skull is actually a car air-freshener from bath and body works that I stuck on an ikea plant pot to pretty up what i kept my makeup brushes in :D  




 I live in the UK! so thank god it's not a possibility. I shuddered just thinking of it happening. 




 I'm in love with yours! I'd love a dressing table but don't have the space. They really are battle stations though, we set everything up, stand there with naked faces and set about putting on our war paint haha 




 Where are the Russian twists! those things are beast. 




 I say yes to donating organs, if you can save someone's life after you're gone what is a better way to leave your mark on the world?

My personal opinion is people should be able to choose whether to donate their bodies to science, yes it would help but it will take a long time for people to be okay with not having a body to bury or cremate and say goodbye to. 
I think people can get over and come to terms with organs being taken to help and that will continue to live on in someone else, with donating your body to science people imagine all sorts and don't want to think of a loved one going through that, even after death 




 It's so pretty and vintage looking! 

Here's mine - http://i.imgur.com/bfu3uz1.jpg 




 Maybe you could try booking yourself in for some threading? i did that when i was having trouble with my brow shape and they recommended what would look good and they gave me tips on keeping the shape and what products to use. 

You have fantastic skin btw! I think you'd look killer in a plum lipstick  




 I'm in love with the red! i'm going to have to try and find it, thank you!

P.S: i'm in LOVE with your hair 









 These two comments sum depression up for me almost perfectly. Depression is the most confusing and hard challenge I've ever faced in my whole life. It's hard to keep going when everything you once loves you fear now and it feels like you'll never get better, you'll never feel hope or happiness again. Life seems SO long and so hard without being able to see or find hope and happiness in anything.  




 What about the darker end of comics? a lot of people prefer the darker side, you won't feel the pressure of trying to find something funny then. It might even help, getting all of your pain out onto paper. If people criticise them it doesn't mean they are bad, it just means that they might have a different taste to what you've done. I'd sure love to read some of your comics.

I had a pretty dark childhood, I find it hard to be positive sometimes and can feel quite 'dark' about things, i'm quite the fluffy girl and then I love horror movies, dark anime and metal. 

Anywho, you might find happiness in writing comics about what you know, whether that's darkness or happiness. Isn't it better to have something that represents you, something that has your heart in it. Than you just trying to make something you're uncomfortable with? 

Please do let me know if you do any comics because i really would love to see them some day  




 Please stop trying to find something wrong, it sounds like you're beating yourself up a lot 'i've tried everything' 'i'm a failure of a man' I bet you're a wonderful person.

hope you feel better soon, please don't try anything, if you would like to chat to someone i'm here, i'm always around and i love making new friends, sometimes just being able to tell someone everything that's wrong can help. Honestly PM me ANYTIME 

Please don't beat yourself up too much for not being happy at the moment, you're so strong for trying and still being here, i've been where you are a few times, i've even attempted suicide, one of those times a stranger from reddit reached out to me and i think that's truly one of the reasons i'm still here, so if i can help another person in any way i would love to, so i'm here if and when you need someone 

i know it's a personal question but have you been diagnosed with depression? are you seeking any help? medication? 




 I've spent so long trying to figure out what caused it, maybe I'm tired? Maybe it's PMT? Maybe it's my job maybe I hate it? Maybe it's my boyfriend? Maybe it's my friend group? So I've spent years 'hitting the refresh button' on my life, shaking things up and although some choices turned out to be good choices a lot of them were bad. Because I would do them but still feel awful or even worse. And I'd ask myself 'what's wrong with me why aren't I coping like other people, why am I not happy?' 

That's what made it all so much worse, then I'd repress emotions because I thought they weren't normal but they are. Being a part of this horrible yet supportive sub reddit should help you see that. Yes we don't work like others do, yes we deal with things differently, we aren't broken or strange. I had a kidney infection last year, I left it and it got worse and I couldn't drink for six months, that was strange and it meant i was different to other people, i couldn't get drunk and have fun like they did (like now i'm depressed, i don't feel the fun that they seem to be having), but i got help and i got better and it meant i could drink and i could have fun again. Our illness is just like that but it's not visible to others, we aren't showing physical pain, it just means that we're working differently to they are because we are ill, i used to spent weeks even months feeling suicidal, now i have minutes, hours at most, because i've sought help (like i did with my kidney) and i'm getting better, which means i'll be able to deal with things better, like others. We all work differently, every one of us, so we aren't broken just because we're working differently to others. 
People were there for me and looked after me when i was ill with my kidney because it was visible, i kept my depression from people and shut them out because i thought i was strange and broken, now i'm learning to let people in and feel the emotions and it's so much better, i talk to people and they understand better so they can help better in the future, instead of me just being angry or seeming moody, meaning they got fed up or angry they can now sympathise.

Anyway the point to all of this was, sometimes there isn't a reason, maybe there used to be and maybe there is one big thing that's caused your depression and makes it worse, but like my kidney once it was bad it was bad, and when it got worse sometimes it meant it was just taking longer to get better, do you see that depression is like that? we left it a bit too late because we didn't understand what was wrong, so we got a little worse. Which meant we were already there, already ill. So now, when we have down days it doesn't mean that something has caused it, if you go on trying to find something, anything, when you don't feel better you will end up hating yourself, being angry at yourself. If you just let yourself feel everything you feel, no explanations as to why you're feeling it (unless you can pinpoint it for definite) then when you have those moments of clearness, clarity and those little moments of feeling happy, you'll be at a better place to try and work out if anything was wrong, because you'll see it clearer. 

Message me ANYTIME you want as well, i'm always here to listen and i love making new friends

hope you feel better soon x

edit: typos, lots. 
























 Thank you so much. I was told by my counsellor to write everything I'm bothered about out. Sit on it for a day, if I feel te same express myself. If not write why I'm okay with it now. A strange diary of sorts, but I've realised I like writing. 

Oh :( parents are worse, they already have that air of 'I made you so I know better than you' you get depressed and you're a goner. My mum used to tell me to snap out it, then she would feel bad and baby me. She would actually feed me things like fairy cakes and happy meals. Like, they made me happy when I was a child, I'm still her child so they will still work. Okay mum, mum. 

 




 Please don't feel anxious! I welcome any help. If you'd rather PM me i would love to chat :)  




 Yeah the men in the school think we are ridiculous. Something sets one of us off and then the other shouts 'OMG DON'T' then we turn away from each other flapping at our eyes frantically. Working in a school you can imagine how many cute kids, and cute stories and bloody all sorts we have to put up with. She's a little different to me, she's 30, boyfriend is 24, he has a young daughter so doesn't want anymore children for a few years........she's like a cat in heat, ready to make babies like rabbits lol. 




 I find that i'm a lot more teary over almost everything. I met a puppy last week, i cried for five whole minutes. I've even gotten my boss to cry because i've cried over something cute. We set each other off. 




 Yeah it's exactly that! okay so i have this good job, i've got this nice house, i've even got a dog that's i've cared for 7 years, i pay my bills i cook healthy home made meals. I'm all ready!...................okay so where's my baby? i'm ready, i've done everything i'm meant to do. 

Then you see people like this, I have a 19 year old friend that slept around LOTS, got pregnant by accident and took 50 photos a day, described every detail of her pregnant, moaned about how hard it was and I had to remove her. I'd rather her think I was rude than put up with her ignorant shit anymore.  




 That's my problem, I used to be terrified of being alone. It would cripple me. Now i crave it, I crave being alone, I go shopping on my own, i dance around my house on my own, i do crafts on my own. Why? because it's easier to do things with a clearer head when there isn't someone trying to help with everything. Sometimes i feel like if they could help you breath easier because it would help with depression, they would sit and inflate and deflate your lungs for you. Why breath by yourself when i can do it for you?
They want to know everything, have you eaten? have you slept? why haven't you eaten? why are you eating bad food? why are you sad? why are you angry? what can i do? constant questions that you ask yourself over and over and over, beating yourself up about it. Then they ask, and they ask again and you want to scream I AM AN ADULT I WILL DO WHAT I WANT GO FUCK YOURSELF I HATE YOU. But you can't, that's frowned upon. 

You know the worst bit? they are literally only trying to help, but if they just took a step back and listened to you they may be able to understand and help better. They think they know what's best because they've read about it or they've heard about it, but every single person who suffers with depression suffers it in their own unique way. So yeah, do your research and learn about depression, fantastic! but most importantly, fucking listen to the person. If you don't, you end up isolating them more.  




 naughty naughty rimmel! 




 I know she's your cousin, but this made me angry to my core. She sounds like a child announcing she's having a child, which she is, which makes me more angry. Children can have children but I can't.  




 So, I finished work. Headed to the train station. Sit down on the train and sink into my chair. Oh good this shit day is over now I can go home and get into bed and not get out until tomorrow. 

The conductor asked me for my ticket. I go to get it and suddenly realise I've left my train ticket in work. Without even being able to control my next actions I burst into uncontrollable sobs. The conductor (a kind lady) was so shocked I got a hug and a 'don't worry if you've forgotten it, I'll let you off, don't worry I believe you' off she trots and 5 minutes later she appears with a little smile 'I was saving this for my break but I'd like you to have it' and she passed me a little chocolate bunny. I declined and she replied 'it's okay I should be on a diet, I'd prefer to make you happy than make myself fat' 
And because I'm an emotional wreck I got my train journey home and a delicious chocolate bunny.  




 That's why depression is still and will be for a very long time taboo, maybe there is more understanding, maybe it's okay to be depressed, medically there is a a reason, an understanding on what is wrong with me. To everyone else though it's something they can't possible understand and no matter what people who suffer with depression are always treated in some way differently. Whether it's with anger and misunderstanding or over'understanding and  being treated like a child, a child with learning difficulties. 

My counsellor told me i'm very self aware, and that most of the time i've figured out why i've done something or what's causing how i feel. She's told me that she doesn't think i even need counselling because i go there, tell her what i think and she just agrees or disagrees with me. But that's why i go, i don't go to talk or air everything out anymore. I go, so a professional can tell me if what i'm thinking and doing is right. So that i have some professional basic to battle against people who think they know better than i do, because they think i'm irrelevant now because i'm depressed and can't decide anything for myself. 

Thus i'm stuck in this limbo of improving and becoming more and more mentally healthy, but in doing so, realising how utterly fucked everyone else is. How they hide from emotions and refuse to acknowledge what their actions may have caused to peoples emotions. 

So pretty much, unless the whole world got counselling and more understanding of the brain and how it can and can't work. We are always going to be salmon Trying to swim up the river the wrong way. Because we're taught how to be mentally healthy. But mentally healthy, isn't healthy.

The end. 




 I'm also from the UK, if you PM me I'd he happy to chat :) and let you know how I deal with things etc it doesn't always work or help but it's definitely improved my life.  




 I think I'm a crazy chihuahua lady, she's my baby. Sometimes I just stare at her whilst smoothing her because I think she's so beautiful haha 




 We don't have a yard, but it's easier with such a tiny dog. I hope you get a pet really soon! X 




 So cute! I would love a car but we live in an apartment. My doggie is called Bailey and she's my whole world :) 
























 It's what every home needs! 




 I used an old makeup brush and dabbed it on :) shaker is an excellent idea thank you  




 Yours look awesome! i think they are slightly differently shaped to my UK ones? i like yours SO much :) 




 Yeah it says on the front it can be lethal! My friend thought it was toothpaste and said she would have tried to touch it if I hadn't told her  




 I asked everyone to save theirs too :) 




 Thank you so much _ 




 I ordered vinyl stencils from a seller on eBay, he let me choose the font and size and them made them. It was a lot cheaper and safer than attempting to make them myself. _ 









 I'm the same but I carry about five on me at all times and search for ones all over the world... 




 This is me, fantastic boyfriend, new amazing job, great, caring friends and I'm just 'meh' about it all. I'd rather go to sleep and never wake up sometimes.  




 Where are you from? Please call someone who can help. Please PM me if you need to talk. We are here. X 




 Haha! I'm fairly new and do that a lot too! I'm exactly like you, a place for everything and everything in it's place, definitely when it comes to makes. I'm horrified when people hVe insane makeup storage HOW DO THEY FIND ANYTHING!! 




 Hello :) thank you so much! 

I actually studied psychology in uni :) but nothing you learn, nothing can prepare you for depression until you have it. 

I think in 'on the road to recovery' but I have huge dips in out and out of it I think. 

I also like to help people, I have a 'smile a day' Motto I'm trying to keep up everyday and it's to help of make someone help every day. Helping other people makes me feel like a better person, better person means a happier me. Because depression makes me feel worthless. 

I usually just tell people I suffer with bad anxiety they say something and I say 'yeah it's odd isn't it, I don't know what causes it I just feel anxious now and then' people seem to give me a break more. Like people can understand feeling anxious and scared but they can't understand depression 




 Is depressed people tend to go over and over things a lot in our heads, repeating things that have already been resolved. I feel like I'm not listened to by the two people I love most in the world. So when I feel like I'm not listened to or they know what's best, I just think I'm a burden. Maybe they act differently because they are fed up of me and just going through the motions. 

That's why I write everything down, because different days I feel differently, or I see things differently. Sometimes worse, sometimes better. At least with writing everything down you can get everything out and you can go back and read it and try and figure out what happened at that time that made you feel that way. Could it have been avoided or do you need to talk to that person. 

Maybe you could try that? Depressed people are very paranoid :( we push away the people who are trying to help. 
 
























