 I have to admit that Facebook seemed to have increased the quality of my life in the past. At this point, everything looks rather gloomy. In fact, I don't play any games other than the scrabble-esque Words With Friends. In the last few weeks, I have played my move with the first word that I can think of, without considering whether it is a high-point word, just to get rid of the notification. 




 The deterrent for deleting the account is that I have some friends who I keep in touch with. Of course, I can get their e-mails and communicate with them there. But seeing updates/photos/events has been important once in my life. I'm thinking that maybe I'll come out of it. Plus, I'm a musician. We NEED social networking to remain relevant. To be honest, my depression has hampered my career, with part of it being my inability to cope with the demands of social networking. :/ 




 That being gay is a choice. 




 I'm from India where there is not too much awareness about the significance of bees in pollination. Hives are burned because people are scared of getting stung. How can we educate the masses? 




 I completely agree. I have not accessed Facebook for over the months and am considering deleting my account. Reddit is way better. 




 That's an interesting strategy. My shrink suggested that I learn to say "Good." He calls these white lies. I still haven't been able to do it. :/ 




 I'm generally careful about alcohol intake. Don't like the sensation of totally drunk or the aftereffects. 




 "I've been better" seems to be the right answer for my state. 




 I always feel like this at parties. But I can't dance and I don't get the high. Conversations with interesting people and about interesting topics. Alcohol helps me to lighten up. But that's temporary. 




 There are times when I have felt similarly lost. But I have been under therapy for over five years now and I keep myself going with some good friends and help from my boyfriend. I am a musician as well. So I set some goals in learning new techniques skills or improving existing ones. Apart from that, at times when everything out there appears so intimidating, I increase my already avid range of sports and entertainment options. For example, with the world cup football around, I'm trying to follow nations and their star players. I eventually want to follow the club leagues and competitions so that I have something to look forward to other than friends and music. 




 Like most here, I hate being asked how I feel or what's wrong. I find it hard to lie. Being honest works out easier for me and I end up saying things that end up hurting other people. I have been in a phase where I'm excessively antisocial. I procrastinate replying to personal communication and when I do reply, it is brief and sounds "unfriendly." I am off of social networking sites as well. The only good thing is that I know that I'm not alone in my struggles. 




 I am undergoing treatment for depression. During my rather "low" phases, I cannot stand the positivity floating around, especially on social networking sites. I've been avoiding them for some time now. Does anyone have a suggestion for a coping mechanism? 
























 I did not mean to make you feel worse and I'm sorry that I did. Because I suffer from depression (low self-esteem/lack of self worth/self-flagellation), I try to help anyone that I come across who is more vulnerable than I'm at that point in time. This is such an effort. I wish I could be there to hug you,  honestly do. 

I have been through similar painful situations and there has been someone or the other who has helped me. Talk to someone who is close (physically, emotionally, or both) to you. Sometimes you don't even need reciprocation - you just need to be listened to. 

Finally, I know this wouldn't make sense to you, as it wouldn't to me if someone else where saying this when I'm feeling like this - this one too shall pass.  









 A roller-coaster in which I always seem to be lost in the past or in the future, never living the moment. 




 Tigers. They are the most beautiful animal/thing on our planet. 




 I just shared my experience. I think that you should not expect people to change just because you want them to. 




 The ratings are really good. And the guys behind the fantastic podcast "The Skeptics Guide to the Universe" also think so. 




 Does anybody think that there is a movie deal behind this? 









 I don't quite understand. I have seen the USA flag used in costumes, hats, sporting apparel, etc. There must be more serious rules. On the other hand, in India, if you are using the flag for anything other than what it is, it is dangerous. 




 I don't see the codependence part in your post. I am in a codependent relationship for the last two years and at many times I have felt that I should really get out of it. I guess it is my fear that I won't find anyone else that keeps me going back. 




 When I try and imagine what it would be like to be my parents or my friends, I flinch at the thought of how disappointed they must be with me. :/ 




 This approach is what I'm gravitating toward, I think. 





























 I personally am in in any capacity to do so because of health reasons. But I'll pass the message one to those concerned. Thank you for your advice. 




 I am aware of that, but it's daunting. I'll try my best. Thank you! 














 Rollins and Ambrose are going neck and neck in terms of performances. I think Seth is the best worker on the mat and his matches are always entertaining. 




 Seeing the individual brilliance of Dean Ambrose and Seth Rollins, and to a certain extent that of Roman Reigns, it seems like WWE has got it right with the story line, don't you think? 




 Oh, thanks. I'll repost it in the right subreddit. 




 Thanks for your reply. I think that FTL travel may be achieved in the future. The idea may seem fantasy-like and hypothetical right now, but so did most technology that we use now a few decades back. I am not writing to the moderators directly. I hope you will reconsider. 




 I recently discovered the Stargate franchise. Being a sci-fi fan, I couldn't believe that I had missed it all this while. I watched the first movie after getting hooked to Stargate Universe's pilot. Since then, I have been watching Stargate SG1. I think that with the basic premise of Stargates, terraforming technology creating many earth-like planets, and the presence of superior races, almost every possible fantasy/scenario can be taken care of. 

For example, the Alien Universe (The Engineers = Ancients in Stargate), Game of Thrones/The Hobbit/Lord of the Rings (terraformed planets with transplanted earthlings coexisting with apparently alien species), the Marvel/DC universes (Thor franchise is directly mentioned), etc. 

What do you all think? 









 If you can believe that people on the other side of the world on the internet want to listen to you, it's likely that there are people in your immediate vicinity who will be. Just remember this - you are not an idiot/moron/bad person. Your brain and the chemical inside are making you feel this. Have you tried seeking professional help? If not, I would encourage you to do it. 

I will share with you an anecdote. A few years back, I was reeling under the first wave of full-fledged clinical depression. I was stubborn/obstinate and decided that there was no point in living anymore. I was then in a long-distance relationship. My then boyfriend listened to me and asked me to give myself 6 months. After 6 months, if I felt the same, he said he would let me do it. During the 6 months, however, my boyfriend got through to my friends and was able to start me on medication. That helped. I was able to cope better.

Maybe you can also do that. Here's a hug. Wish it were a real one. 
























 The play argument may not work for me. And I completely agree with the anger part. My dad's anger is etched in my mind as negative memories that I don't want to relive. Many people have suggested that I get out of this "unhealthy" relationship. But I guess I'm an optimist, hoping that things will change someday. Plus, I love him and most if his other aspects. Ergo, I'm scared of not finding someone else. :/ 




 Maybe these techniques work differently for different people/personalities. I haven't ever felt that conflict is healthy. Competition is. I understand what you are saying, but I don't think it will work for me.  




 In my present relationship, I cannot bring up even unresolved conflicts from the recent past for a calm, rational discussion. Seems like all conflicts remain unresolved and swept under the rug. I, being acutely aware of their vile history, am even more cagey. So it really is building up and I don't know when I'll explode/break down. 




 I have a similar story. Different in the fact that I am able to enjoy some things and share experiences with others. Plus having a few hobbies - guitar/music, following sport, consuming sci-fi - helps. Have you any hobby? 




 If not at present, have you ever had this feeling? 




 Can you explain? 




 Have you tried seeking help? It may appear to you that it is not worth trying. But I found it helpful and it's helped me stick around. 




 That's similar to what I feel. Plus,  scientifically, there isn't any cure. :-/ 




 I don't think that getting into more conflicts will work for me. And I don't think my boyfriend will let me win anything. 




 Not sure I understand the second sentence. I think you meant than when you resorted to passive aggressive ways, there bad repercussions. I rarely ever shout, swear at, bad mouth, throw things, or let steam out because I think I'm the "good" or the "better" guy. I think no conflict works. Instead, educated conversations detailing problems and working on solutions works for me with other people. But my partner doesn't work this way. I'm stuck and I'd also like others' views. 




 I've been diagnosed with PTSD and MDD. in on pharmacotherapy and therapy. One of my main triggers is conflict or the fear of conflict. Unfortunately, I'm exposed to it a lot because my partner believes in fights and arguments. He thinks that these are signs of a healthy relationship. I am finding it difficult to manage the relationship, especially because I have tendencies for being  codependent and he's the dominant (older) one in the relationship. Can anyone suggest a strategy? 




 Thanks for the suggestion. I'm going to try it. 
























 This is the most profound movie question I have ever been posed with. I think all villains are color blind. 




 Good luck with that. As I mentioned, it's hard for me to do these "imaginary" things. But my therapist gave me a hint. She wants me to be aware of the "should," "have," "must," "always," "never," etc. That's easier. 




 Yes, keeping at it. Thanks for the support. :) Apart from antidepressants/antianxiety meds, I'm on mood stabilizers and low doses of antipsychotics. Just reading what I wrote seems a little too much. 




 I think this is where CBT kicks in. 




 Yes, it does make sense. I have had feedback, especially from my boyfriend about the same. But to get one level up above the subconscious and to have a voice tell "You are wrong, I'm not a bad person. Stop criticizing me so much!" is a little too much for me at the moment. 




 All the best, then. :) 




 It's sometimes hard for me to do imaginary tasks - e.g., the containment task in mindfulness is not easy for me. :) 




 I got a hard on just from feeling his passion about movie reviewing. 




 My therapist asked me to try and be an imaginary observer about how critical I'm about myself. She thinks that even if you can't stop being hyper-self-critical, being aware of it helps.

(PS: Is your name a Mick Foley reference?)
 




 Thanks. But does it help? 




 Not feeling negative could be considered as better. 




 I think I honestly enjoy my hobbies, but, like you, they may just be escapes. Who knows? 
























 Thanks for the detailed reply. I'll follow your instructions. However, I'm not sure what you mean by "side bar." 




 I don't like smaller tablets. I guess I will have to go for a large tablet. 




 I've been using a Kindle Paperwhite for a few months. I love to read on it. I would like to read text books and study on it too. The problem is that most text books come as PDF files, and the formatting goes awry if you convert it to *.mobi. You can of course read PDFs directly, but navigation is cumbersome. Considering these, I have two questions.

1. Does anyone know of a better way for PDF to mobi conversion?

2. How can you convert essays/large articles/websites into a format to read on Kindle.

Thanks in advance! 



















 I will need to read up about the gamma factor and the Lorentz transformation before replying. 




 I have a query about the experience of astronauts in the ship. As per my understanding, the time taken the ship is 2.5 years to reach the galaxy from the point of view of a stationary observer on Earth. Considering this, I don't know how "long" the journey would take from the point of view of the astronauts. What do you have to say about that? 




 I've been reading up about the speed of light and time dilation etc. So if suppose we build a spaceship to travel very close to the speed of light and go to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light years away) and return back, would Earth be older by 5 million years when the spaceship returns? 




 There are people like that. :/ 




 The original link does not mention any specifics. I wonder if someone knows more detail. 




 Oh my god, this looks more realistic than the CGI in Hobbit movies. 
























 Wow! 




 Maybe 70%. 




 I thought it was better than all of WWE, with the Miz and Ambrose the exceptions. 




 Let's see. I was impressed by Jason Jordan's move set. Perfect for the brand of champions that WWE Creative usually goes for. 




 I get what you mean by you feeling that NXT superstars feel like your "children." I really want Bo Dallas to do well, just like most preceding him (The Shield and The Wyatts). 




 Not sure about Enzo  Cass. 




 Agree that Tyson Kidd is better as a heel. But I doubt if he'll be effective in the main roster. 




 About the Ascension vs. Luke Harper/Eric Rowan feud - that's what the guys at Ring Rust Radio are predicting too. 




 I think it's not just the timing of the move - they need to be given good roles/storylines. 




 I've been really impressed with Sami Zayn and Tyler Breeze (more than Adrian Neville). Plus, I love the Vaudevillians gimmick. All of them, plus The Ascension, should be on the main roster, right? Plus, I watched Jason Jordan in this week's NXT episode and even be looked good enough to get into the main roster. What do you all think? 




 Oh, thank you for the clarification! 





























 Seems like a med student. 




 Yup. I was on my uncle's lap. He pulled his hands in my shorts and fondled my genitals in front of my Mom and Dad. Everything was so casual. No wonder I'm under therapy for PTSD/depression. 




 It's my dark secret. I was molested in front of my father and mother by my uncle. 




 I am watching a lesson on the same on Coursera.

The course is "Introduction to Astronomy" (Duke University) by Ronen Plesser.

This is best described in the 5th lesson (Where is the sun?) of the first week (Positional Astronomy).

I will try to post screenshots. 




 I have gone through the various resources (WikiPedia, YouTube, Reddit) about the ecliptic but still find it hard to imagine it. Is there any better way someone can explain people to imagine the ecliptic from the point of view of an observer on earth looking up at the sky over the course of the sidereal year? 




 Thank you for your thoughts! I belong to the LGBT community too and I have met some TGs. I think I will ask them too. 




 I meant the blisters caused by wearing ill-fitting shoes. 




 Would women in general be willing to admit to your hypothesis? 









 Must confess. I do both. 




 The link above redirects to this reddit post. Can you please check? 




 His character is so adorable. Not completely sold on his in-ring work though. 
























 I'm loving it! :) Thanks for the recommendation! 




 Infinite. 

Color is a way we interpret and differential the frequencies/wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation. As far as we know, the range of electromagnetic radiation is nearly infinite (from the smallest possible wavelength = Planck's constant to as large as the universe is).

Remember that the colors that we (the human eye) can see are limited to the types of cones that we have (three types). Many animals have more cone types, with cephalopods having the maximum as far as I know. But that's still limited. The "ideal" eye should be able to detect infinite number of colors.

Some basic reading: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Color_vision#In_other_animal_species  




 Seems more like some type of peripheral neuropathy. I am an orthopedician and I suggest you approach a neurologist. 




 Looking them up right now. 




 Your story is very similar to a friend of mine who rescues sick kittens. She in fact has a rescued kitten with a fractured spine, for whom she's trying to find a new home. 

Some of the things that I do...

- I try to give almost everyone another chance -- in the sense, I rarely write anyone off because they have been rude to me. 
- I try to give most people the benefit of doubt while they seem to screw up.
- I am an out, relatively young, but mature gay individual in India. I try to help younger gay men whenever they have some issues with relationships/family.
- I suffer from depression. I try and promote depression awareness in all my circles, so as to bring more tolerance and understanding about all kinds of psychological condition.
- I try to be friendly with most animals that I encounter in my life. Playing with them, cuddling them, feeding them when I can, etc. 




 I have been listening to NPR All Songs Considered for a year now and I love the discoveries that I'm making. I wonder if there are other similar stations.

Edit:

Some of the aspects that I'm looking for are as follows:
- Incisive, insightful commentary/DJing (not needed 24*7)
- An online playlist where you can find the name of the songs played
- Preferably with features on new releases

I used to listen to a alternative/indie/rock station called Meta on TuneIn Radio. They had great DJs but they closed about a year or so back. Since then, I have been listening to NPR All Songs Considered. 




 Do you mean "your"? 




 I'm not a dermatologist, but I would think that this is a neurological condition? Hyperalgesia due to some reason. 




 It's okay. I guess that had a part in me having PTSD and MDD. 




 Yes, they were.  




 All this fits in so well in The Giver scheme of things. 




 Alice In Chains, Battlestar Galactica, Twitter. 
























