 Damn skippy! 
























 It could be the reason. It's cool though, thank you for your concern :-) 
























 Thank you, I haven't herd of this site but, I'm going through it and it's very comforting to see others with issues as well. I greatly appreciate it. 
























 I have auditory hallucinations and delusions of grandeur and paranoia. I basically have voices that are there talking major awful shit about every single thing I do. And during social interaction it distracts me throughout a conversation. But with my diagnosis, I can tell when the voices are not real, it's just really tiring though. The paranoia and grandeur is very tough socially speaking, it has ruined countless relationships so, I don't really bother with it anymore other than at work...And that's made things a little bit more stress free. I am not violent physically or emotionally towards others. I have a strong stance against abuse of all types... but, as far as what I told my Dr. and therapist, it took  a very long time to realize this wasn't normal, as well as being able to admit it to another person. Then they prescribed me Zoloft and quetiapine 
























 Yeah, I especially have a hard time with perception, I tend to fuck up bad on my personal relationships because of this.  And I have developed these fears over time, one lately happens to be opening my mailbox and getting some fucked up letter.  
























 Well..first and foremost is medication, and that gives me more power over the shit and that way I can usually go from there to deciding what to do or focus on some interest. Now, when I'm tired I'm pretty much screwed and just break down and cry like a fucking baby. 
























 Why thank you and greatly appreciate the info. I would like to be involved with nami and think it's a good cause. And I'd like to keep in contact. And the rapid cycling must be utter hell. 

 
























 I have to keep a huge amount of hobbies because once I'm not devoted trying to learn something it starts to creep in. Some days though it's hard to get started....it's kind of like an arms race with the illness I suppose. How well are you with personal relationships with family and such? 
























 I used to have a friend like that. She was the best but, I moved away and moved back after a few years and didn't contact her......I just feel super nervous about making contact again. And worry that they're about it or something. I understand the part about not being able to fully express yourself at work. It's almost painful not to be able to personal appearance wise and when communication. Plus, working in healthcare you really can't let it show. I'm not too close with family either, there is a lot of negativity and shit talking and I'm not about that..Well maybe once in a while I'll get super pissed but it's usually a delusion. I am usually my own worst enemy when it comes down to it. I don't know where this fucking voice came from to tell you the truth. I'll get these weird sounds and scenarios that play in my head over and over and they just reduce me to nothing. I used to be nice to everyone too, that shit didn't work out to well did it? Is your family super judgemental? 
























