 How did you get out?
also, congratulations on getting out  




 need not find a cure for everything that makes you weak- city and colour 




 stressed as shit.  




 hahaa i didnt yet...i tried once but im taking this message as a sign to try again 




 i did, and im obsessed. you have good taste :)  




 i almost screamed aloud in english class.. 




 Educational background? 
Awesome stories, btw 




 i am so jealous  




 Get any tattoos recently?  




 How do I stop mourning the end of Weeds? /help  




 Michael Cera  




 tampons 




 second this but with Stick Around 




 "theres no points in heaven for suffering"
 
it blew my mind at the time 




 I want to go back into counseling. I am miserable right now: not enjoying anything, over compulsive eating, not wanting to take my meds etc. but I'm on my parents insurance and I feel so guilty for burning through it if I go back to counseling. What if something bad happens (god forbid) but the insurance is all burnt out because of me?  




 i hear ya  




 no problem!! seeing Transit's acoustic show next week cant wait 




 State Champs and Transit 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/nmmjr/iama_man_who_had_a_sexual_relationship_with_his 




 funeralformyfat.tumblr.com  




 medication, and depression recovery blogs (shut up, most are cheesy but there are some good ones out there)  




 i would do very illegal things for a Midtown reunion. very illegal.  




 we both worked in a bagel shop, he told me to take out the trash and in the back was Prom? spelled out in bagels...it worked 




 Being in the army. After meeting some Israeli soliders, being in the IDF seems so badass but i know i wouldnt be able to handle actually being in boot camp  




 I totally get you about the gym thing. Same boat. I think some confidence would look great on you, like the almost smile in the second picture. Keep your head up! 




 this shit is good.  




 THAT ALL GRAD SCHOOL IN AMERICA WAS FREE. kk  




 your bone structure makes me swoooon. keep doing what you're doing 




 that's precious. 




 I just want to say im sorry this happened to you, and it seems like you have a positive outlook about it. hope you're doing well!  
























 I have a hard time growing out my hair without it getting for lack of a better word, gross. Been toying with the idea of extensions for awhile, and finally let go of some cash. I'm still learning how to blend them and how to make them look best, but its been fun and overall im pretty pleased with them! These are synthetic. 

[My short hair](http://imgur.com/OZiih4R)

[With them in](http://imgur.com/MVmGbEw)

[One More](http://imgur.com/2dwhsqv)
 




 I bought jessica simpson HairDo clip in extensions and i love them. im on a college budget so i got the synthetic kind, but i believe she has real hair ones too. got them off amazon! my only complaint is the netting/weft thing is a little big for my head, but i make it work.  




 Hot water music-trusty chords 




 breathe. lots and lots of oxygen. 




 I have the same problem. Let's go we're in this together  




 Depression is caused by a chemical imbalance in your brain. So even if you're consciously trying to be happy/positive, your brain won't let it last. The chemical imbalance causes you to have low mood 




 It's kind of a funny story  




 I got my tonsils out last summer and it was the most painful thing ever and this is my worst nightmare LOL I am so sorry.  




 seven. years.  




 I cried in the middle of dunkin donuts.  




 i have to picture like a feature length freaking film in my head until i pass out. but it works.  




 hahah damn it.  




 breaking bad spoilers 




 Hi Loseit!

I was wondering if anyone has or has ever tried an online fitness or weight loss coach. I was curious about how much it costs and anything else you are willing to share about the overall experience?
 




 BLESS 




 Yeah I hear you. May I ask what field you're in? That's awesome. 




 Assisting them casually or in a work atmosphere? just curious! 




 theres spaces which make it look better i just cant do it 




 Taken from Salt by Nayyirah Waheed:

If
the ocean
can calm itself,
so can you.
we 
are both
salt water,
mixed with 
air.  




 accutane...boy was that a bitch and a half. but never got it again. one helluva drug.  




 pop punk and best friends  




 it was awful. i didnt know for about 2 years (he was confused). felt completely helpless. and like there was no one else that would know me like they did.   




 Russa's Toughest Prisons on netflix  




 A Home Based Program Worker for a branch of The Arc
-i got kicked out of a nursing home bc the people working at the agency were fucking morons and didnt have an appropriate professional relationship with the home
-nursing homes smell like poop and diaper all the time and hearing people moan was something that happened constantly
-had a client with ID who the supervisors didnt teach her that it was inappropriate to call me 30 times a day (literally)
-was manipulated into working with a client with a lot of medical problems who needed her colostomy bag (poop bag) changed, her period pad changed, i had to lift her and wasnt nearly strong enough/prepared
-was told to spend 6 hours with a client with basically no idea what to do 

its endless. if you live in central PA and are in the human services field, talk to me before getting a job.. 




 Kevin Breel was supposed to talk about effective social media use at TedXyouth, because depression and suicide was too serious/deep. He talked about it anyway, it spread like wildfire on the internet and now he's touring the nation. Any thoughts?  









 yeah no thats totally helpful. right on.  




 thanks for sharing. im a crisis counselor and getting a male's perspective in your situation is harder to come by. sorry for what you've been through and congratulations for getting the heck out!!  




 no way. was in a bad environment/situation, and when that was resolved i stopped  




 hm. valid point, I think I knew just by growing up in society that that was one of the uses of smoking. I was at a point where none of other coping mechanisms were sufficient  
























 BRUSHING MY TEETH  




 Talking about their fucking diets  




 Not quitting a job sooner  




 he doesnt like you 









 chris wearing this wig doe 




 brendon would fucking shine in a musical  




 the woman at this new place is a fucking nut. calling this now  




 yeah, we became best friends, i fell in love. it sucked.  




 suicide calls  




 he screamed "IM A VIRGIN" 




 ellen degenerous  




 Prime 




 birthday party host at a bouncy place. i got to jump in moon-bounces and obstacle courses the whole time o hell yeah 




 London Landscaping, London Total Lawn Care, London Lawn Professionals, 




 if your gut feeling says no  




 marry me? 




 sweet. cya then.  




 anything about nutrition.  




 will you take me on warped tour with you? ill provide endeless tacos  




 what was your educational level? what did you do there? 




 you were my middle school wet dream. this is awk. sup? got any tattoos?
 




 jfc. 




 slap activated butt light. sold.  




 haha, you have no faith in me.  




 I am a 20 year old female college student. I'm already planning to buy a ticket to see Midtown reunite.  




 super 7  




 proud of you 




 Proud of you! 




 how do you work out? 
























 Wat 




 5 and Billy Joel. All I remember is wanting him to play downeaster alexa 




 gorgeous! 




 you put it into words, for real.  




 Can you show me your Andrew Mcmahon inspired tattoos? I love looking at them and I've seen all the ones on google :)  




 it really, really depends where you are. nobody carries guns in either of the town im from and i feel 100% safe. at college, i walk home by myself through downtown at 4am and im fine! 




 u r nuts 




 fetal 




 honestly, i love Adventureland and Zack and Miri Make a Porno. and Supertroopers.  




 for me, its like:
depression makes me not care at all
anxiety makes me care too much

i end up stuck in the middle, ricocheting between the two. it sucks.  




 hugs. ive been there. i swear on everything it gets better.  




 thanks for sharing this with me 3  




 Ned Vizzini. So, so much. 

I read It's kind of a funny story after being diagnosed with depression. I was 16 and it gave me hope. It was semi based on his own experiences......and then he committed suicide.

still gives me chills 




 Does your hair look sexy pushed back?

(sorry) 




 Always hold the door open! 




 Introverts get their energy from being alone, and extroverts by being around people  




 most schools have a counseling center. start there. 




 Sorry I'm new to the sub. Won't happen again.   




 im just here to say wow yep agreed 




 i have clinical chronic depression and id rather be alive than dead 




 It was insane. There were flying midgets  




 Shit. Well here I am bitchez 




 Bless 




 Club coco bongo  




 I went down to where they were happening and witnessed it but didn't do much. It was insane the amount of riot police they had brought in looked like a whole fucking army  




 I got to Penn State and then the Sandusky scandal happened ha ha ha ha ha  




 You can buy crabs. Like the std/i.  My friend found this out I don't wanna know why 




 warped here u come 




 20f. You're attractive. Hi.  




 The kid in the neighbor did just one hit of the gluten and became addicted!!!!!  
























 not me. but my best friend literally called yesterday to say he bought condoms, soap, and paper towels. only those 3 things.  




 eerie!!! 




 "its too hot" "its too cold" 
people will never be satisfied with the damn weather 




 honestly rn mh370 

actually or jonbenet 




 for real it would make it so much easier 




 I love being alone but I'm lonely  




 christ this song is good. yes i agree. i have a spotify playlist called you're feeling emotional and when answering your question it was hard to decide which one to write hah ;)  




 really well put. i relate to this tremendously. dont end it, we cant lose any more of us.  




 ill definitely check out Best Deceptions. Glad you liked the song, it wrecks me.  




 Ace Enders-Motion 




 Yeah the mom thing sounds about right :( so I'm thinking about things that don't cost money...it may sound silly but are there any support groups in your area for people with mental illnesses? Sometimes just being around people that feel similarly could help tremendously ya know  




 Hey..sorry things are so rough right now. You must feel at a complete loss. Have you ever gotten professional help for this? 




 Yeah, this is me, always. It's where the awful assumption "people aren't depressed they're just lazy" comes from. I think getting engrossed in tv or not harmful thoughts pushes away the bad thoughts. Or sometimes I can't clean my room because I physically can't get up and do it, not because I don't want to. It sucks when people don't understand. I think it's good you're recognizing it at least  




 Thank you very much  




 Hey guys,

I was wondering what everyone's favorite or go to self care is when they are feeling down. I used to go to eating, but now thy a I'm seeing a nutritionist and trying to stop binge eating I'm looking for new ways to promote self care within myself.

Thanks for any advice in advance 




 Every damn day. Thanks for putting it into words  




 Thank you. You put it into words. 




 it was a little too close to a swastika for me know what im sayin
 














 "I'm confused about my sexuality" 




 20f and you sir, are attractive  




 Crop top and high waisted shorts for the love of everything holy a crop top should not be the same price as a normal shirt anway????? 




 Hopefully. If I see any more flower headbands imma flip  




 Do you feel the pressure to marry Jewish? It's so real over here in jersey 




 Arrested development  




 It's going down, I'm yelling Tinder 




 I was 16. I was sitting on a plane and my mind was RACING and I was on the verge of tears, which was a common occurrence for me. I was looking around and realized this probably was not normal and everybody else on the plane wasn't going through this. I told my mom I needed help. 

I'm 20 and doing ok now :) there's just one last unhealthy behavior I'm sorting out

Thanks for asking 




 Ace Enders-motion

Holy feels. 




 Is my ugliness boootthhherring you?! 
























 i love this design so much  




 Stunning transition. Stunning.  




 Beautiful story. You look fantastic!  




 im not a usual Morrissey listener, but maybe?!?  




 no, thanks though!! 




 ha, not quite. but thanks for the try! 




 As I was getting over a heart break, a song appeared in my head and I can't for the life of me remember what it is or where it came from. I'm imagining a male's voice, like a singer/songwriter maybe, singing "you don't ever want to see me again, so you won't." Theres a chance it could be "I don't ever want to see you again, so I won't" My google searches came up empty. Anything? At some point I found a John Mayer song with similar lyrics but that wasn't it.  




 Lol I told her my cousin was pregnant and was moving in with our family and I had to be around to help. None of that was real life.  




 Mmmm no haha. Screenshot before the swiping!  




 The best way I can describe it is it feels like you are drowning underwater and you look around and everyone is breathing fine.  




 That sounds awesome  




 I'm 21f from nj, also diagnosed with depression. Hearing a males point of view on it would be pretty neat I think.  




 Oh my god. That didn't even cross my mind  




 Mazel tov 




 A+ 




 That's not you tho? 




 Oh hello  




 You betcha 




 You are rad, too.  




 Won't happen again, haha 




 ...I forgot  




 Hahaha no worries. I was trying to think of something funny to reply to the first one but I'm sick and all out. You rule.  




 ....you can stop being an ass now 




 Ha so I can use it on other forms of social media without the thing across my face  




 nailed it 














 You uncultured swine  




 S a m e  




 i am sorry. hahah im a college student and every damn winter people act like theyve never seen snow before 
























 Bush did 9/11 




 My coworker was getting married. After the ceremony when they came outside to greet their guests, the bride's great uncle had a heart attack and died. Turns out as a joke the brother of the bride got the couple a card for his wedding that said "sorry for your loss."  




 Ok thank you because my boyfriend needs 2 and this just made my stomach sink 




 I just started an internship and every single one has started a conversation with me or around me about weight loss like omfg let a girl live 




 A drug addict that got her into two car accidents  




 I feel annoyed because all the other women are ass deep in diet culture. I don't fucking care how many calories you had today 




 Quicksand  




 State college, PA  




 Pregnancy scares  




 Stop subtweeting me 




 lmao thank u  




 Ahhhh you're going to have a god damn blast 




 Apartments in college towns are the biggest rip offs -___- 




 This was right after I moved in I have Christmas lights now :-) thanks for the tips! 




 [1](http://i.imgur.com/JgbFsMN.jpg)    

[2](http://i.imgur.com/OvwIZht.jpg) 




 Self care I can't emphasize it enough. Make sure you brush your teeth and light candles and change into pajamas and clean your environment etc etc 




 Everything in some cities in Israel are also bomb shelters (bus stops, kids playgrounds) and just seeing soldiers everywhere i mean everywhere you turn. Oddly feels safer.  




 Marathoning ink master and eating chocolate pudding  




 I swiped right. Dating now for awhile and I can't imagine a life without him  




 I was just gonna say!! I work in a prison and we need these  




 Self care.  I keep a check list of things I should do every day i.e. brush my teeth, make sure my hair is presentable, put on lotion. Helps so fucking much 




 alright sweet. its mostly me freaking out if its like 2 hours late once in awhile so that helped 




 thanks, makes sense! 




 im only on month 2 so hopefully it gets better but seriously not a bad idea 




 easy enough, thank you! 




 I suck at this aspect but I'm trying real hard to get better at it. 


note: I searched the archives and none of the ELI5's were specifically about this. Thanks in advance!  




 Smallville? 




 the first season sucks and then it becomes comedic gold, i promise 




 the zoo was fun. holy bad parenting 




 wake up, no bitches.
watch TV, no bitches.
cook, no bitches. 
























 Marni(e) by itself is a common jewish name, pretty sure its just marnie! 




 oh my god shaant is actually the worst. had to unfollow him on IG/snapchat/twitter etc.  




 me too. im pretty sure beckett's tweet was like "this is a farewell show" and it didnt sound very promising :/// 




 CentreMarriage.com is the website for Centre Marriage  Relational Therapy with Shane Landherr (MMFT). My friend worked with him and he was great. He is also starting a non profit called Your Marriage Matters.  




 Bless. 




 I moved back to Jersey after I graduated a few weeks ago -____-. But I'll be back.  




 seeing you guys @ the archway might be my favorite past time...just sayin'  









 Happy fucking birthday. Do something nice for yourself  




 Central PA here some came to us! 




 Abso fucking lutely me. No advice here, just know you're not alone in this. It drives me nuts I can't even enjoy when I feel good because I'm waiting for it to not last  




 I've had shitty psychiatrists who told me to go on weight watchers and to stop taking medications other doctors prescribed. Sorry for your luck :( you don't deserve that! 




 the trick is to make it like a casual conversation, being uptight wont help them connect with you.  




 http://www.buzzfeed.com/crystalro/brilliantly-cheesy-ways-couples-say-i-love-you#.bwaMdlrnK 

#6 is a link to my tumblr, it was my project gift to my boyfriend they posted (omg why is this so big i cant reddit)  




 Buzzfeed got one of their numbers for a list off my tumblr and linked it I felt pretty cool for a hot minute  




 Even if they're a shitty company, you're still going to help the people you're going to help. I feel like every place has its bad politics in some way or another. My vote is yes--you'll still be doing all you can to help your clients  




 Scientology  




 I needed to hear this today. Thank you. 




 The fraternity.  It was a coed trip and I just applied to every one i was eligible for and they put me on it 




 ...agreed.
.....very agreed.. 




 the face he makes when he's sleeping  




 mine too! 




 OH yeah go in the direction of the crowd....dont fight that shit youll die  




 Get right in the middle of the crowd no matter how uncomfortable it is  




 Run the day, don't let the day run you  




 Went winter break 2013-2014 on an AEPi trip (I'm a girl). Left out of Newark, NJ. Let me know if I can answer anything  









 Jesus. Interesting timing because I am a mercer county native just graduating from college and currently working in a jail, so I was looking at opportunities back in jersey. They said the male officer was monitoring the female alone?? Which isn't a thing at the facility I work at. Even if a male counselor wants to meet with a female there needs to be someone else in the counseling wing  




 Yeah this! went to a school bc I fell in love with the campus and energy but turns out the Greek life is massive and it makes the school shitty  




 hi i love ths 
























 They only care in the US if you're suicidal, and even then you still have to pay the treatment costs. I have to pay 3,000 dollars out of pocket before my insurance will even look at my mental health treatment (diagnosed major depressive disorder). Sorry she won't take her meds, thats frusterating. that combined with therapy could really do wonders 




 Holy shit 




 hows your mental health care, expenses wise?? 




 In the county jail i worked at in PA, you would write a request slip to the counselor/case manager in charge of workers. at that facility, you could do inside work even if you werent sentenced, but needed to be sentenced for outside work. Be nice to the counselor! dont write 2000 requests, be patient. if they didnt get back to you in a week, write another. good for you for wanting to work, itll definitely make your time go faster. 




 update: english hard  




 im not quite shirt how I feel about this  




 BUT I AM CLEANING UP SO WELLL 




 It can get pretty loud in the car when this comes on  




 Real shudder  




 PRIME 




 Less stimulation. I do this lots  




 Dave Matthews Band. I dont know why but the sound of his voice makes me cringe. Pair that with talking about ~sexy things~ and its intolerable 









 Any therapist/psychologist. Holy balls. 




 It's really hard to tell with this picture. With your hair styled and wearing nice clothes I can picture you to be attractive. None of your features make you ugly  




 hahaha starting off strong! 




 you as well!! thanks! 




 thanks! i definitely will  




 My former psychiatrist would always always tell me I needed to work out more, and it only triggered me to do the opposite. I've switched doctors (for reasons unrelated), we took me off meds, and this is my third day at the gym. I'm feeling great and wanted to introduce myself. 

My goal is to lose the extra weight added on during the height of my Depression, and keep my mood regulated. 

Here goes nothin'  




 (raises hand) 
irritability's a bitch 




 I saw him in PA and I liked his solo set so much better than full band...(sorry roaring 20s). it was so intimate and fuck  




 i have no criticism but i just wanted to say i love the color pairs you chose  




 dude i love this 




 Sisterhood of the traveling pants where Carmen is yelling at her dad. Hits too close to home maybe  




 Scrapbooking. So many cute lil stickers I want...and paper...and paper cutters....and the pictures being printed...and the scrapbook itself  




 The Almost-Say this Sooner
Say Anything- Peace Out  




 You little shit  




 This show is the reason I have faith in the world oh my fucking god  




 AMERICAN DREAMS. 




 im cis and wished i look like you ahahahah. way to go! 
























