 Haha and the best thing to do is just keep going on like nothing happened so everyone is all like http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/watch-out-we-got-a-badass-over-here-meme.png 




 Bit different but I'm a soccer player and have some pretty decent ball/foot skills and I once dropped a glass and managed to save it on my foot and flick it back up made me feel pretty badass too. 




 Sailor Moon 




 Should be a new meme, Shit Cunt Craig, bones your girlfriend then takes you both to the movies -_- tough break man 
























 Im just saying its not okay for guys to force themselves onto girls and if thats what happened it should be reported and he should be punished for doing it not oh she was drunk so it was okay.. its not okay ever.. And if thats what happened it would put the OPs mind to rest about his trust for her knowing what happened. OP I hope you can sort it out but its a horrible position to be in :(  




 So its okay for her to be pressured into sleeping with the guy? I'm not saying that's what happened, I'm just trying to work out if she was taken advantage of, or if she cheated at her own will.. He doesn't have to beat the guy he can just threaten to report it to the cops and see what the girls thinks about that maybe she was forced and was too scared to say anything the whole thing seems odd to me. 




 Good I hope it all works out for you which ever way the story unfolds its just for the time being and things will get better in the future. Good luck!  




 I would beat the shit out of the girls brother then tell her your gonna take him to the cops for sexual assault and see if she sticks to her side of the story? Otherwise if she backs out she made the decision to cheat on you and this will never leave your mind.. 
























 Haha, amazing 




 Wow nice car, would love one of these one day but soo much $$ in the land down under haha 




 But maybe if you could go back to the new 12 year old you might tell yourself to try different things don't stick to one? Don't mean to offend just a curious thought :) 0_o 




 Care to share you're story? I am one who wishes to serve and looks up to people with the bravery and courage you show.. 
























 WOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW 









 It is indeed. 




 Hi Scarlett and Oliver 
























 NO FUCK THESE PEOPLE, THEY SHOULD BE KING HIT ON THE WAY OUT HAVE SOME RESPECT MOTHER FUDGERRRSSSSS 




 HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA 




 hahahahahaahahhA 




 HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAAHA 
























 HAHA PWNED 




 WOW 




 HEY I JUST MET YOU AND THIS IS CRAZY
 




 WOW SO PRETTY
 
























 I'll format it on that when I get home and update :)

I was hoping to oc the cpu I've heard people can get around 4.5ghz from the 2500k? So that's why I thought maybe a better cooler?

What speed RAM should I be looking at? 1333/1600 etc

I'd probably prefer front-side usb 3 as well just for convenience.

Cheers! 




 Hey guys trying to decide on a build I have a 24" 1080p monitor to use but considering on purchasing a 27" IPS screen later with a bigger resolution, I plan to play most games from new fps to things like wow, diablo 3 etc.

These are aussie prices I have from a local vendor near me so they will be a bit more than in US of A also limits my choices a bit! This is it,

Gigabyte ATI HD7850 2GB PCIe $277.20 

Intel Core i5 2500K Un-locked $229.90 

Seagate 2TB SATA3 7200rpm 3.5" $137.50

OCZ Vertex 3 2.5" 120GB SSD $201.30

Seasonic S12D 750W 80+ Silver $181.50

Coolermaster V6 GT CPU Cooler $72.60

Antec Nine Hundred Two V3 Case $134.20

Asus P8Z68-V-LE S1155 $161.70

Total: $1395.90 

I also need RAM but I'm not sure on that one yet because from this place I can only really get Kingston RAM and I don't see that mentioned much so may purchase that online. What would you recommend?

Also not really sure about motherboard either I want something I can run another card on later and with usb 3 support. The vendor has all asus boards but anything else u think is better throw it at me.

If I can get enough money I will swap for a 680GTX which would be ideal to SLI later but otherwise I will get another 7850 bit later and SLI with that, which is why I've gone with a slightly bigger PSU.

Well all advice will be appreciated so throw it at me!

Cheers reddit.
 




 HORNY GOAT WEED 




 SO MUCH VAGINA 
























 I had the same thing (different medication though) where I felt nothing at all and the days were just going by and I didn't feel much, so I dropped the amount I was taking back to what I use to take just so I could feel something but now I feel sad and wouldn't mind feeling nothing at least just for a little bit it doesn't feel like a fun game to play. 




 37.. Time to get help again I guess :/ 




 Wow you've put this really well unfortunately I feel like I can relate, I hope you and everyone else who feels this way can find something, someone to make them feel like they belong. 




 Wow this is so good, I'm so glad I was hitting random and found this sub reddit new subscriber right here xD 
























 Yes please 




 I just need someone to talk to, I'm so fucking lonelyI just need some advice and help :( 




 I dont know if this is the right subreddit, point me in the right direction if I'm wrong but thanks for the help regardless! I've searched and searched and cannot find it. 




 Wow, this is actually real in USA? W-w-w-w-whaaattttt... To me it seems like a Harry Potter exhibit but it's a story and exhibit for in denial grown ups.. 
























