 Hi Ruben! Happy Birthday! 
























 Hi! Sorry, I don't. The little programming skills I have is from codeacademy. 
























 I hope so. Thanks for your kind words!  
























 Or at the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant. 
























 - 1s April 1st, year 2263 - LEGEND (FOOL)
- "If you are out there... if anyone is out there... I can provide food, I can provide shelter, I can provide security. If there's anybody out there... anybody... please. You are not alone." 
























 No, we are not hungry and it's not funny! 
























 400$ in a week? wow, I made that much in a month when I had a job.. Before my nervous breakdown.. And that's a good beginner salary here in my shitty country. I just can't force myself to work in a 9-5 job with negative people to earn a bare living :// but congrats for you! I know how hard these things for us, while others have no idea why we're anxious. 
























 Same here. I really need the money to personal expenses and to help my mom, but I feel just like you. I had a job for a while and it was a really bad experience, not because of the job, it was just my anxiety. I quit and went to a psychiatrist, got meds but they didn't work, so I stopped. That was 2 years ago, I know I should looking for a job, but I just can't. I don't know how to live. I don't know why we are the way we are. Sometimes I think and get scared what would I do if I didn't have the support of my family. I really don't know.., I don't know what will be the end of this.  
























  I can't seem to bring myself to do it. 

Yes, same here. I should send my CVs to every job offers, but I can't. I had a long, horrible work experience (also my first), where I developed really bad anxiety and depression. Now I'm a lot better now, and I'd like to have a job and be independent again, but the anxiety kicks in everytime when I think about it. I'm not stupid either, actually I think these disorders are more common among intelligent people. 

Sorry, I don't have an answer... if I had any, I wouldn't be here. Maybe try meditation and exercise. They helped me with my depression, but didn't cure all of my anxiety. 
























