 Pretty much everything I hate in other people is something I recognize as a negative trait in myself. I just try to associate myself with people that I look up to and admire, and hopefully their loveliness will rub off on me :) 




 I'm broke. This might be my last Christmas with my mother, and I'm so sad I won't be able to give her a great Christmas morning. I'm trying to swing getting her a gift card to a spa, but I don't know if I can do it because good spas are expensive. I don't know what to do. I've just been thinking of every dollar I spent this semester and how much I regret spending them. Christmas is hard :( 




 I'm so sorry. I have a similar situation with my mom, except we don't know how much time she'll have, which makes it really scary. I don't know if this will be my last Christmas with her, or if I'll have three more Christmases with her. Or more. Or if she'll even make it to Christmas. She's had to change treatment several times because it seems to be working splendidly, and then it stops working completely. As an only child with a dad not in the picture, it's hard for me to imagine my life without my mom. I feel like I'll just be alone--the one person I trust above everyone else will be gone. It's been hard to come to terms with that, but I've found a lot of comfort just in being able to appreciate every moment I have with her. I always ask her about her life, what things were like when she was younger, etc., because I want to know as much about her before she's gone. It's completely changed my relationship with my mother. I feel closer to her than I ever have before. And it's also changed my relationship with everyone in general--I now know that life is really fragile and could end at any time, so I try to love every moment with every person I know.

I hope you can come to see this situation as a time to learn to appreciate your father more. I'll definitely be thinking of you this holiday season. Enjoy it :) 




 If you like computers, find people who also like computers! Talk to some women in your major. If someone in one of your classes does something awesome in class or seems to have a better grasp of the subject than you do, then talk to her about it. You don't have to force it--just get to know her a little over the course of the semester. And don't be afraid to eventually ask if she wants to work together on a project or something.

Or you could join a CS-related club! That's a wonderful way to meet someone who's passionate about the same things you are. 

Good luck! :) 




 Yep. I have a roommate like this, it's horrible. Whenever she has a problem with someone in the house, instead of politely and patiently saying, "Hey, I noticed you turned the heat up a little high--would you mind just using a space heater or some extra blankets, because I can't afford to pay that bill," she'll just bombard the person with assholery without them even knowing anything was wrong in the first place! She always just jumps to the most dramatic and angry way of handling a problem, rather than just talking it over and making a compromise that's fair to everyone. 




 Wow, that's awful. I hope she eventually recovered. :( 




 JASON BOURNE. YOU'RE JASON BOURNE. 




 Oh man, one of the things I miss the most is goldfish crackers--you should post some of your successful recipes on /r/glutenfreecooking !!! That would be amazing! I'm recently diagnosed and I'm a broke college kid who has almost exclusively been eating gluten free soups and tortilla chips for the past few months (needless to say I've lost a lot of weight...not a great thing), and I miss all the old snacks I used to eat! :( 




 Yeah, just because I knew he was the relationship kind of guy and I wasn't prepared to enter into a relationship at that point in my life. He's a great guy, though--still a good friend, and he's happily with a girl who loves him a lot. :) 




 The best first date I've ever been on was with my current SO. We went to an open-air flea market in our city that sold a ton of antiques--there was a lot of really cool stuff that we were able to joke about and it helped spark a lot of great conversations. After we were done at the flea market we wandered around a little, exploring all the cool places in our city's historic district, and we eventually found a spot near the river where we just sat for hours and talked. We then went to my favorite restaurant, and then afterwards we saw a movie at a cool little local theater.

The reason it was so special is that it was kind of an all-day event. I mean, we spent HOURS walking around, talking, etc. It came naturally to us--it didn't feel forced or anything.

Also, it was awesome because we both got to show each other some of our favorite places--unique shops, cool, hidden spots, and so on. If you want to take someone on a great first date and have it actually mean something, show them one of your favorite places! 




 I work at a grocery store in a neighborhood largely comprised of 50- and 60-somethings, and at least twice in a shift I'll get told by one of them that I look like Julianne Moore. It's cool, because Julianne Moore is definitely an attractive woman, but also not very cool because Julianne Moore is 54 years old and I'm significantly younger than that. 




 Oh, Paul... 




 That's hilarious. Did he have the wrong building or something? 




 This [gave me an idea](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2p094u/ras_of_reddit_what_is_the_craziest_thing_youve/)... 









 This is creepy, but also... I'm laughing? 




 I absolutely agree she should have called the FD/PD, but I'm sure it was difficult to even get a word in edgewise and explain what was going on while that guy was raging at her. Plus, the guy who filmed it wasn't able to get his point across to the operator very well because the crazy dude just kept interrupting him as he was trying to explain that he was having an asthma attack.

It seems to me, though, like the operator wasn't really trained for emergency situations at all, because she handled it very poorly and didn't seem to know what to do. She didn't even give any medical advice on how to calm down a person having an asthma attack (or a guy who debatably was having a panic attack). But I wouldn't go so far as to say it was "her fault for getting yelled at" by any means--how on earth could she control how another person was acting?  




 I have no idea, that's what the website said? Keep in mind, I only work part-time (I'm a student). I definitely make more that $2.64 an hour, haha 




 For me, it said it would take him 11 seconds... 




 Exactly, and the way he kept referring to her as a "foul-mouthed young lady" and shit like that--like how prudish and ignorant do you have to be to hear the word "fuck" and decide that that is somehow grounds for arresting someone or refusing them care? She wasn't even directing the word at him, she was just freaking out about her father. I'd say that's a natural reaction, but that guy was horrible about it. 




 It seemed more like she was trying to calm the guy down when they were talking to her in part 2, but then in part 3 I think she was just tired of being threatened and called a bitch. She probably should have treated it more like an emergency situation, but the guy yelling at her definitely made is more difficult to do so--all around the guy who filmed this is just entrapped in a clusterfuck of other people's outrage. And all he needs is his asthma puffer. :( 




 Never seen it, I'll have to check it out. That's an awesome story, it would be really interesting to follow something like that 




 I live in Pennsylvania. We have terrible infrastructure. There are so many potholes! So many!!! And especially after last winter. 




 Someone should write a movie about you, holy shit 
























 This one and /r/cringepics are in the same vein for me. They make me feel better about any and all bad decisions made during my life. 




 I work at a health food store that offers a prepared food section. We have a lot of ridiculous complaints, but the worst I've heard most recently was a lady who was gluten-free by choice, not by medical necessity, who was mad that we offered ANYTHING with gluten in it. She thought that we were not upholding our standards as a so-called health food store by offering items with gluten, and that we were helping people kill themselves by selling gluten products. 

Now, I'm gluten free by medical necessity and I understand that it is very frustrating to find good gluten free food, but seriously, she was acting like she's the only person in the world. While instances of celiac disease and gluten sensitivity are rising, most people can eat it without any harmful effects. If our whole store went gluten free, we would lose like 90% of our business. 

I consider myself a nice person, but sometimes when I'm ringing difficult customers up I think some of the most horrible thoughts imaginable about them. Working in customer service causes me to scare myself. 




 I like that you phrase it like, "I *did* 6 years at OG," as if you were describing doing 6 years in prison. 




 most prettiest girl their is

BLEECCHCHH 

TALK LIKE AN ADULT HUMAN. Why would anyone ever think that that is charming?! 




 While that sounds awesome in theory, I feel like a lot of people would end up puking and/or copulating on the equipment. Haha 




 First of all, don't tell me what to think about my experience. For your information, he *did* continue to make sexual remarks to me and about me the whole time I worked there and even when I went back as a customer when I got a better job. 

Secondly, the question itself was EXTREMELY inappropriate at the time he said it, regardless of whether he continued to make sexual comments thereafter. Common sense should tell anyone that that is not an okay thing to ask someone in a work environment. It's not like we were great friends anyway--he was just a coworker with whom I was friendly *at* work, not outside of it. If he asked me that in an office setting, he would have been reported immediately and there probably would have been some sort of punitive action taken against him. Unfortunately, however, behavior like that is all too common in restaurants (as evidenced by the study posted above), so nobody blinked an eye when he made remarks toward me.

If you missed it, I linked the American government's definition of sexual harassment in the workplace, and my story clearly fits the description of sexual harassment. He cornered me in a room, alone, made an unwanted sexual advance, and asked me if I would have sex with him. I'm not sure how that could be considered anything BUT sexual harassment. 




 It was an unwanted sexual advance in the workplace so...yes, yes it was

Here's a [source](http://www.eeoc.gov/laws/types/sexual_harassment.cfm) for you 




 This list is amazing! Kudos to your friend!

Definitely try to go to all the places in the Fairmount/Logan Square area!!! Fairmount is basically my favorite part of Philly. (Although the Rodin, Natural History Museum, and Barnes Foundation aren't as awesome as the PMA itself).

Old City is lots of fun to just explore, but I usually prefer going when it's warm out. Elfreth's Alley and National Mechanics are a must! And the historical sites are cool to pass through as well.

Also, it's not in Center City itself but try to go to Chestnut Hill. It's super historical (they even have cobblestone streets still!), there are lots of beautiful houses around there, and there's tons of fun little shops. Plus, it's right near the Morris Arboretum, which is objectively the coolest place ever, even if plants aren't really your thing.

Enjoy your time in Philly! :) 




 When I worked as the takeout girl at a restaurant, I had one of the kitchen workers (whom I knew was casually hooking up with one of the waitresses) come up and ask me straight up, "Would you lay me?"

When I was appalled and said no, he asked me if it was because I was white and he was black. I couldn't believe it--there were lots of reasons why I wouldn't "lay" him (I didn't know him that well, I only thought of him as a friend, we were coworkers and that would result in a lot of awkwardness, every time I walked into the kitchen I saw him making out with another coworker, and many more), but the fact that THAT was why he assumed I didn't want to sleep with him really blew my mind. I kind of avoided being alone with him after that... 




 Former 2 year old girl here, I can confirm that scented chapstick is delicious 




 This is pretty much unrelated but I first read "any man knows that his penis has the memory of ten thousand elephants" as "any man knows that his penis has the memory of ten thousand *eggplants*" so that's kind of a funny thing 




 it is one of those cases where it is a hitler fighting a stalin, hitler is pretty objectively ideologically wrong, but stalin uses a perverted ideology that is good in theory, and while stalin may be the better of the two, you know, it is still fucking stalin.

You just perfectly described it. I'm definitely, proudly a feminist and was raised to be such, but a some feminists here and on Tumblr take it TOO far and are simply mean and unforgiving to people who don't understand all the new terminology feminist and queer scholars have coined to describe certain groups of people, acts, etc. The way I see it, you need to show patience with people and try to reasonably discuss these issues. If you're respectful, you're a lot more likely to get the person you're talking to to see things your way (or at least to be respectful of your opinions). But some people believe that people who don't fully understand feminist beliefs don't deserve respect at all (which is absurd because it completely undermines the whole basis of feminism--that all people are equal and deserve to be treated thusly). When people ask them questions they'll answer with things like, "I don't have to educate you, go figure it out yourself." 

I understand that maybe they wouldn't have the time to write out a full explanatory response, but at the very least I think that, if they posted something that leaves a lot of questions to be answered, they could simply link to a few resources to help the person asking questions to understand. The hostility I see from people (and which I have even experienced when asking other feminists questions about their beliefs and about terms I haven't yet encountered) turns a lot of people off from a movement which overall, I so fully believe could be beneficial to everyone. Makes me sad, man :( 




 It's not even that your post is poorly worded, it's just that not a lot of people know what "doxing" or "copypasta" or a lot of the other strictly Internet-culture terms you used mean. No need to be hard on yourself or anything! :) 




 Exactly, the girl on the phone was obviously really scared when they finally pulled over to meet with the police officer, but she held it together so well while they were still driving. Kudos to her for sure. 




 I actually came here to recommend those two songs as well! Personally I prefer 10,000 Emerald Pools, just because it's a lot more relaxing. Love the harmonies. 




 I start a lot of my sentences with "so," and my mom hates it. Most of the time I don't even realize I'm doing it, but I definitely understand why it's distracting. 




 I just found out the other day that the athletes in my school don't have to pay for their textbooks if they've been recruited. Granted, there are tons of really great athletes at my school, and probably many of them are great students as well, but let's take our football team, for example. They suck. They are terrible. Yet they have amazing scholarships, they get new workout clothes from Underarmor every WEEK, they get free housing, free textbooks, free meal plans, and they get special treatment all the time. I feel like I work hard and contribute a lot to my student body in different ways, yet I still have to struggle to pay my way through college. And there are lots of people who have to drop out or take out hundreds of thousands out in loans to get through college. That makes me really, really mad. 




 ~capitalism~ 




 Beautiful design, but yeah, I totally agree that they would be great banners. This design would be wasted on currency. 




 If you have any friends who are into dystopian novels and/or women's rights, I'd definitely say *The Handmaid's Tale* by Margaret Atwood. It's my all-time favorite book, and it's a classic. 

(It's also my personal belief that we should have all kids reading it in school because it directly ties to some of the reproductive rights themes we see in politics today, but that's just me) 




 I used to use the face washes and toners you get at a normal convenience store, but that was drying out my skin too much and wasn't really helping. Then, I tried oil cleansing, which worked alright but not well enough for me to warrant going through that process every day (it would take around half an hour including cleanup--it was really messy--to do altogether).

Then I read about these microfiber washcloths from Norwex that wash off makeup, dead skin, dirt, etc., with just warm water, so I started using those in the morning. After I'm done scrubbing away all the dirt and dead skin, I just put a thin layer of Aveeno lotion on my face and neck. I use "Simple" brand wipes at night just to get any makeup or dirt off before bed. And occasionally, I give myself a facial if I notice a lot of blackheads or if I'm having a breakout. 

Most of the time it works! Around the time of my period I get a couple small pimples, but other than that, this plan has kept my skin looking pretty great! It's cheaper and less wasteful than everything I've done in the past, plus I'm putting fewer chemicals on my skin. My face does feel a little oily on occasion, but it's nothing that's too bad. 




 Ugh, I'm with you. So sad I won't be able to go. Good luck! 




 A lawyer? 




 I hope this isn't real. They're threatening the newspaper, which is definitely not okay, especially considering the police's heightened political status. 

Our First Amendment rights are put in place for many reasons, one of the most prominent being so that newspapers can print opinions (like those shown in that political cartoon) without retaliation. By threatening to sabotage that newspaper through intimidating people into not supporting them, the officer who wrote that letter is directly threatening the cartoonist and editor's First Amendment rights.

Edit: Also, did he seriously just refer to that cartoon as a "slur"?? Does he not know the definition of a slur? 
























 Yay! You're amazing, thank you!! 




 This is so amazing! Would you mind posting the recipes for a few of these? I would try to figure it out myself but I'm a terrible cook, haha 




 The thing I personally focus on the most is rejecting gender norms. To me, it's a simple gesture that has a huge impact. Doing this obviously benefits me as a woman, but I believe it largely benefits men as well, who are often told they have to behave a certain, more "manly" way that can often be psychologically unhealthy.

For example, my cousin's son loves Frozen--he looks up to both the male and female characters in that movie. He already has a Hans costume from Halloween, so I bought him a hair braid like Princess Elsa's for Christmas so he can be either character :) 




 Between this lady and the gif of the cop pepper spraying innocent people, I'm pretty much done with Reddit for the day. Yuck. 




 Hearing Muslim extremists make threats like this toward Obama specifically makes me wonder who radical conservatives will hate more, and whose side they would take in this situation. Like do you think Ted Nugent would say, "Yeah, sure, ISIS, go for it!" or would he be like, "YO FUCK ISIS, NOBODY THREATENS MY PRESIDENT. EXCEPT ME OF COURSE. I'M THE EXCEPTION." 




 Don't focus so much on boys, because no, none of your high school boyfriends will end up lasting longer than high school does. 

Communicate better with your parents; they don't know the amount of trauma they're inflicting on you because you hide from them as much as possible. Tell them, they actually do care.

Take more time to learn about things you don't care that much about--computers, cars...you know, practical things. It'll pay off, and once you're in college you won't end up frustrated and feeling helpless and having to ask your boyfriend to fix your computer every other day, or having to ask your dad to come pick you up 2 hours from where he lives and change your tire for you. 




 I dated a Michael, too. He was a real piece of shit. 




 I mean, from a painter's perspective, they're actually incredibly well-done. He has a great understanding of shape, light, and color. I'm actually a little disappointed that they're good, because I kind of really dislike James Franco as an actor and wanted to keep riding that hate-train all the way toward his art. But what can I say, they're really good. 




 Thrift stores and flea markets when I have the time to really search, I just find oversized, comfy sweaters (often men's sweaters) and wear them. 




 Fresh tomatoes, bacon, and fresh garlic. It makes your breath smell terrible but holy lord it is amazing. 




 Yuuup. On this note also, Kitten Forever is a great band. They're not as big as the people listen here but I dig them so much. They're more noise-punk though, so I'm not sure how much your son would like them--that sound's definitely not for everyone! 




 My seventh grade teacher was just like this. It was also clear that she didn't prepare any syllabus for class or lesson plans. She taught us English (as well as a few other subjects) and completely missed the point of most of the literature she assigned to us. Once, in a test she made for a book we read, she asked, "Who was the book dedicated to?"

...Seriously? 














 I always date guys who have similar features--brown hair, brown eyes, slim, around 6' or taller. Of the white guys I've dated, they all had tons of freckles. Almost every one of them had glasses. I didn't even think I had a type until recently when my friend pointed out the similarities in all the guys I've dated! 




 This. I had a boyfriend in high school who refused to eat any spaghetti sauce that wasn't his grandmother's, and when he took me out to a fancy dinner for my birthday, he ordered chicken fingers from the kids' menu. I mean, I know we were only in high school, but seriously? Have some class, man. 




 Currently typing from the grave it was nice knowing you all bye 




 I would be so incensed if that was my family member. That is so disrespectful. 




 I like how he says you aren't "accommodating" him multiple times, like you're a hotel clerk or something.

He also just doesn't seem to understand that none of the supposedly logical reasons he gave you to get you to send him nudes change the fact that you just don't want *him specifically* to see them. It doesn't matter that he's giving you "confidentiality," you just don't want to send him pictures of yourself. And he argues about it so much. He seems to think of himself as really smart, but clearly he's not smart enough to understand that he can't make you do anything just by arguing endlessly. 




 I ate a lot of things that were definitely not for eating. Play-doh (I vommed), chapstick (I vommed), entire bottles of cough syrup (I went to the hospital and vommed). The list probably goes on, but I can't remember because I ate so much poisonous shit that I forget everything. 









 This comment blew my mind 




 "Begins the slow process of seduction" HOW CAN THIS BE REAL?? 




 They are some ridiculously photogenic dogs 
























 This one actually made my jaw drop. Holy shit. 




  The Swamps of Dagobah

I  deleted my last reddit account a couple years ago, haven't been on it again until recently...but I still knew *exactly* what you were talking about before I even clicked the link 




 You're doing so well! Congratulations! Keep moving on the path toward mental and physical health, you deserve it! 




 I have never cried in a movie theater before--until I saw that movie 




 HOW WILL I EVER KNOW WHAT MOVIE IT'S FROM WHEN NOT ONE PERSON HAS RESPONDED 




 Air Bud. When the kid's like, "Go away you stupid dog!" it kills me because I know he doesn't really feel that way but he has to make Air Bud run away because he can't keep him, and Air Bud then ends up homeless and he doesn't understand why he can't stay with the kid and it's just a whirlwind of emotion and I cry ever tiem 




 Omg. Recipe? 




 I think by that, he or she meant to say that people of color have not historically oppressed white people by employing racism--racism is more than just "I hate this group of people" (which would be prejudice), it's actually widely recognized as race affecting the social order. So by THAT definition, no, it's not possible for people of color to be racist--at least in America, where people of color have historically been (and arguably still are) oppressed by the law. People of color can DEFINITELY be prejudiced and hateful toward others, though, obviously--I think that that's unfortunately just inherent in most people.

The person just said it without explaining it, though, and to someone who hasn't studied racism and prejudice and learned to discuss it using the widely agreed-upon *academic* definitions of the terms (rather than the colloquial definitions), that may come off as a really, really dumb statement. 




 I'm assuming you got in contact with him to sell him your textbook on like a Facebook group for your university or something. You should post this exchange in the same place. People like this are shit. 




 I don't know my boyfriend's username (not because he, like, refuses to tell me or anything, but because I just never asked), and now I'm so curious. Every time I read something that applies to me I've been looking through the comment history to try to figure out if it's him! Haha

Edit:  Just kidding, I thought about what it could be, searched it, looked through that person's comments, and figured out it's him. I feel like an evil genius mastermind. And no, he did not post about me here. I'm relieved. 




 ULTIMATE BETRAYAL OF TRUST. If I found out my boyfriend was watching one of our shows without me I'd be so mad, haha. 




 As someone whose parents left each other *way* too late in the game, I think you should probably just try to figure out custody for your kids and separate from her. She can't make you stay. Your kids will be mad for a while, but believe me, it's better to spare them the trauma of living in a house where both parents absolutely hate each other. I'm just speaking from personal experience here, but I wish I could unhear the things my parents said to each other and unsee the things they did to each other when they fought. Even though the idea of them getting divorced seemed scary to me when I was a teenager, I wish they hadn't waited 'til I left for college to separate. It would have spared me a lot of pain.

I don't know what your situation with your wife is--whether there's abuse involved or what--but it could potentially spare your children a lot more pain and uncertainty if you were to separate sooner rather than later. 




 I can't decide if that's weird and creepy or adorable and sweet. 




 I just wanted to let you know that this comment made me laugh out loud, thanks for brightening up my day :D 




 "Plus I read somewhere that rebellious, slutty women usually have lots of tattoos and piercings"

Oh, he read it somewhere, it must be a fact! He should definitely shape his worldview around that! 




 I assure you "Celiac" is a word, regardless of what Google says, because it's a proven medical condition that affects millions of people just in the US alone.

only a loss if they don't think there is enough Celiac people out there

It's not about what large corporations *or* small businesses *think*, it's about the *fact* that there are millions of people with Celiac disease, and if they offer a couple of gluten-free items on the menu (which really isn't that hard or costly at all) they're opening up their market to a huge group of people who previously wouldn't have been interested in their restaurant/coffee shop/store/whatever.

And I'm going to repeat myself here, but no, eliminating the fad will not help people with Celiac...at all...because it would mean that more places will stop offering gluten free food due to a reduced market for it. It would mean that gluten free food (you know, the only food people with Celiac disease can eat) would not be available to people who need it, and they would have to search hard just to get a box of pasta or a loaf of bread. It would be incredibly limiting.

Also, why does anyone give a shit what exercise plan or diet people follow? That's their personal choice. It's stupid to expend energy hating them. Their right to that choice is as American as Nascar's choice to run their poorly-made, awkward rap-country hybrid, Nick Offerman commercial. Just because you personally wouldn't do it doesn't mean they don't have a right to eat what they want to eat. 




 In the same vein, I hate when people talk on the phone and have it on speakerphone in public. That perplexes me for two reasons: 1) why would anyone want other people to hear your whole phone conversation? and 2) why would they assume I want to hear it?! 




 I work as a cashier at a place that gives you the option of not printing your receipt to save paper. I have this one regular who always gets REALLY mad when I ask her if she'd like her receipt. Once I told her it was just a yes or no question, and that she was welcome to say yes instead of yelling at me, and she reported me to my boss. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 









 No, I'm not offended by that message and I understand that the commercial isn't targeting people with Celiac disease. However, in spreading the message that people should not go gluten-free because it's stupid or whatever, it affects people with CD in that it makes it more difficult to find gluten-free food. Like I said, I'm not offended that they called people who don't eat gluten "soft" (I have a legitimate reason not to eat it so I really don't give a shit what other people think), I'm more concerned with the fact that this mindset limits availability of gluten-free food for people who actually really need it. 




 Well gluten-free living as a *fad* started around 5 years ago, yes, but Celiac disease (which is capitalized, btw, so that's why you're seeing a red squiggly line under it) has existed for a long time. We've seen a lot more cases pop up starting in the 80s and 90s because we changed the way we cultivate wheat and other crops within the Triticeae tribe starting around the 1950s. (Currently, they're harvested much earlier than they're meant to be, making it harder for some people to digest, and as a fun little side fact, they're also genetically modified so that they have estrogen in them--which of course is dangerous for anyone with hormone-based illnesses).

Also, nobody's trying to change the way people who don't have Celiac disease eat, we're just trying to get gluten-free food more readily available. It doesn't cost that much for a restaurant to keep a few boxes of gluten-free pasta around to replace regular pasta in their dishes when a customer asks, so it almost definitely wouldn't end up hurting restaurants.

And that last bit made me laugh out loud--of COURSE we're lobbying for a cure. But until a cure is found, we still have to eat gluten-free, and being able to eat three square meals a day is kind of a more immediate issue than finding a cure. 




 But at the same time, and as I wrote in another comment, when people say going gluten-free makes someone "soft," it influences a lot of other people to think that. And when a lot of people think that, it makes it difficult for the people who actually do have Celiac disease to find food we can eat easily. 

So basically, for me it's not so much a matter of "someone said something about gluten and I'm taking it out of context and being sad about it," it's more a matter of "someone keeps perpetuating the idea that gluten free food isn't worth providing to people and now I can't comfortably go to most of the restaurants my friends want to go to because the only gluten free things they sell there are salads and if I have one more fucking salad this week I will scream" 




 I mean, I wouldn't call it *offensive* per se, but as a person with Celiac disease, yeah, gluten is actually pretty fucking dangerous. And people who perpetuate the idea that "people who don't eat gluten are soft" make it a lot more difficult for me, as a person who can't eat gluten, to go out and easily find gluten-free options.

And I don't give a shit if some people don't eat gluten for "real" medical reasons--if more people are requesting gluten-free options at restaurants, then that means that more restaurants will start offering gluten-free items. And *that* means that I can go out with my friends and order something easily, without having to send the waiter to the back and check the exact ingredients of everything (which I don't like doing and they don't like doing). Each time a person makes a joke about gluten-free people being pussies or something, it makes it harder for people with my condition to live their lives comfortably.

/rant

TLDR: Fuck all y'all, make gluten-free foods more readily accessible 




 If it makes you feel better, the people who did things like that in middle school have to grow up knowing that they did that. And they have to live knowing that they were the bully, not the underdog. They did bad things, and someday their kids are going to come home from school upset about something mean someone said to them, and they'll understand the kind of sadness they inflicted on you. And they will feel really, really bad and probably hate themselves a little bit for it. 
























 This is why you don't propose to someone IN FRONT OF A FUCKING CINNABON 




 Wow, that's disgusting. Holy shit. I'm really sorry and I hope you're healthy and happy, and I hope the ignorant shit who said that to you comes to see things differently someday. It's 100% not your fault and I hope you can recover from whatever trauma might have been inflicted on you. You are loved and and strong and you have this entire subreddit's support 3 




 "Created by /u/monkeytits" 




 I recently started liking [Microsoft Yi Baiti Regular's](http://imgur.com/MQLc7wy) collection of lowercase letters. I was messing around in After Effects trying to figure out how to animate text, and I used Yi Baiti's lowercase paired with Gill Sans' uppercase for any words I wanted to emphasize, and I really liked how they looked together. 









 A kid in one of my classes does dip but spits it into a clear water bottle. It takes every ounce of effort not to gag audibly in the middle of class. 




 As someone who suffers from anxiety, I think this is probably the nicest thing I've read all day! You're a great husband for being so caring, supportive, and understanding. I often feel like my anxiety is a huge burden to the people I love because it prevents me from living fully and happily, and I worry that that's troubling to them. But you seem like a really patient person, which is exactly what a person with anxiety needs in a partner or a friend. You go, dude. 




 Quote aside, the leading on this is awful. 
























 I fucking lost it. I've been giggling at that for the past five minutes. Every time I stop giggling my mind wanders back to that sentence and I start giggling again. 




 Yeah, I think that kind of behavior stems out of insecurity and shame. It's really easy to joke about your flaws to others to make it look like you don't really care 









 That gets me super bummed, too :( 









 My brother once used a hockey stick to behead my favorite barbie -- it looked like [this](https://barbiebeauties.files.wordpress.com/2014/09/img_3456.jpg), except she was tan and had brown hair. Unforgivable. I cried so much. 




 I'M NOT DRAMATIC YOU'RE DRAMATIC

*flicks cape around and plays an organ

But seriously though, I just really like history/ancestry. Whenever I go to a historical site that holds a lot of meaning I feel really connected to it, so I feel like this act of vandalism is more destructive than if, say, someone were to spray paint the walls of a decrepit building. There are people who dedicated their whole lives to preserving that landmark, educating people about it and the history surrounding it, and I think it's a really big shame that someone could so thoughtlessly destroy it like that. I don't blame the tour guide for nearly crying. 




 I mean, literally speaking, yes, that would be the climax 




 BBBBBOOOOOOOOOOooooOOoOOO^oooo000^0000 




 To be fair, eyebrows like that were super popular at the time 




 This hurts my heart. That probably meant so much to so many people, and represented a really rich and strong culture's history. How could one even punish the person who did this? I honestly don't think anything could truly make up for damage that severe to something that important. 




 Goats and lambs are two separate things, I think you're thinking of the word "kid" 
























 And they always put it on speaker phone. Always. 




 When I was a little kid I drank a bottle of cough syrup when I was sick (my parents left it out) because I thought drinking the whole thing would make me feel better quicker. I don't remember how my parents found out, but they had to take me to the hospital, where I had to drink something called a "charcoal milkshake" (I don't even know) that was the most disgusting thing I've ever had. 




 I have Celiac and I would still ask. Like I said, cross-contamination is a really common thing and asking is still important. Also I'm pretty sure most steaks come with some sort of marinade or rub on them, so you have to double check that there isn't a gluten ingredient in them. 




 I mean, we know the ingredients we can't eat, but we don't know what ingredients make up every single recipe.  




 Well there are a lot of sauces and marinades out there that have gluten in them, so I don't think it's unreasonable or a mark of stupidity for a person to take the precaution of asking just to be sure. Maybe *some* people ask just because they're part of a dieting fad, but people who have Celiac disease are in real danger of cross-contamination every time they eat at a restaurant and need extra reassurance that they won't end up sick for the next few days. Personally I'd rather have a waiter think I'm "stupid" than be unnecessarily sick. 




 [Bionaturae](http://www.bionaturae.com/gluten-free-pasta.html) is my personal favorite--it has the same texture as regular pasta, but it's made with rice, soy, and potato. I get it at my local Whole Foods. My only complaint with it is that you pretty much have to put sauce on it and eat it as soon as you make it--it doesn't sit well in the fridge because it starts to get crunchy again. 




 If it helps, the book is called "How to Make Friends and Influence People." Which obviously this person is doing really well. 



















 I almost totally agree with this, but for "beautiful" it's not always just aesthetic admiration; it's usually just general admiration. Like if I tell someone they're a beautiful person, it just means that I think highly of them--like I admire their talent or their personality. It's not necessarily a love-related thing, either. I could refer to a male friend as beautiful if I think that he's just a generally awesome person, or I could refer to my SO as beautiful, and it would mean the same thing both times. 




 My boyfriend has the same picture beside his bed! When I saw that I knew things would work out between us. Haha 




 Are you thinking of Olive Oyl? 




 I need to know how you explained that to your mom. 




 Oh my god, the 5th movie was the most disappointing thing I've ever seen. Haha. I physically cannot comprehend how anyone would prefer the movie to the book in that case. 




 This happens to me all the time, usually when I'm going through a period of a lot of change in my life or if I'm not getting enough sleep. It's extremely disturbing because my eyes will be open and I see the room I'm sleeping in, but I will also still sort of be dreaming and I'll see (hallucinate) people in the room with me. I try to move or talk to them or just to wake myself up, but I can't. I literally feel trapped inside my own body and I'm dreaming WITH MY EYES OPEN that things are happening all around my body while I can't move. It's scary as shit and messes me up for the full day after it happens. 




 This is so so awesome but mostly I just came here to say that I'm so happy I'm not the only person in the world whose favorite HP book is Order of the Phoenix! All my friends look at me like I'm insane when I tell them it's my favorite 









 This is my life right now. 









 Yes, totally. A lot of people on tumblr claimed it was like a safe space for people with anxiety or depression, but then would reblog or contribute to negative posts (you know, the type where someone would say something dumb in passing and then another person got a hold of it, made fun of it, and then it got thousands of notes). It made me feel like any little thing I casually said could have been turned around on me. I had a tumblr for a really long time and loved it, but then it just turned into a huge source of stress for me. So I deleted 5 years' worth of posts just because I couldn't take it anymore. 




 /r/ofcoursethatsathing  




 11 or 12. I used to walk to all my friends' houses in my small town during the summer, and one summer men started honking at me or staring as they passed on the road. It was always really creepy to see men in minivans with their kids in the backseat staring, knowing I was not too far off in age from their kids. 





























 It was years ago, and tbh I don't feel like looking. Haha. 




 It was breast cancer every time, but it was a different cancer the first and second times. I think the third time was the same as the second time. If that makes sense. I've grown up with cancer as a really big part of my life but I'm not great with explaining the situation because I'm not really that knowledgable in the science behind it.  









 Even if this did happen, I'm not sure why someone would proudly flaunt the fact that he basically molested a bunch of girls in his neighborhood... 




 I found out that my dad had at least two affairs when I was growing up and while my mom had cancer. (She has had cancer 3 times). He was a landlord for several apartments around our city, and he used one of the apartments as a sort of love nest for him and his mistress.

It's not that I don't wish I had found out about it--I'm glad I know the type of man my father was so that I didn't grow up to date or marry someone like him. I just wish that it didn't happen to begin with. But I can't change my father's actions, so now I'm just stuck knowing the person I grew up admiring is actually a huge perv who can't keep it in his pants even when his wife has cancer and his daughter is home taking care of her. And when I think about it, the signs were there all along. I wasn't blind to them--in fact there were several times when I almost blurted out to my mom that I was afraid my dad was having an affair--but I was too naïve actually to believe that my father, who claimed to love me and want what was best for me, would do something that horrible to his family. 




 College is really stressful and there will be a lot of times when you have so much to do that you think you won't be able to do it all. You *will* be able to do it all, and you might have to sacrifice some sleep or fun plans to get it done, but remember that academics are the *main* reason you're in school--the whole reason you pay a lot of money in tuition every year and share a small room with a person you've never met before and buy overpriced textbooks. You wouldn't want to waste your money, so get your work done. Sure, it seems like a lot more fun to get high and have an ice cream eating competition in your school's late-night cafeteria, but when you wake up the next morning (or afternoon, more likely), you'll feel gross and probably a little pukey and you'll *still* have a lot of work to do. Plus you probably won't win that ice cream-eating contest anyway, who are you kidding.

The best way to deal with the stress of having a lot to do is to plan out when you're going to do things as best as you can, stick with your plan, and definitely try to plan in a way that doesn't leave important things to the last minute. Do stuff that's due Monday *before* you start on things that are due Tuesday. That seems seems obvious, but you'd be surprised how easy it is to trick yourself into thinking you're being productive by doing a bunch of minor tasks due Tuesday that can be done in half an hour that aren't as important as what's due on Monday. You're not being productive, you're just making it harder for yourself to do proper work on your project due Monday. Do your work!

And show up for class. Seriously. It is so easy and tempting to not go to class but it also fucks your grades up. And communicate to your professor if you won't be able to make it to a class. Don't just be a no-show.

Amidst all of this, you do have to make time for yourself and to have fun. As far as social activities go, definitely have fun (but be safe!) at parties, but don't let your whole social experience in college be about partying. Join a club for something you're interested in, even something that seems kinda dumb! It will diversify your resume, you might be able to get a leadership position if you stick with it, you'll probably learn some valuable skills, and you'll make a ton of friends who have similar interests and goals. Plus, going to parties with friends you're in a club with and actually share something with is a lot more fun than going to parties in random strangers' basements with the aggressively friendly but kind of off-putting kid from down the hall who won't stop talking about how you're going to be his wingman all night.

Finally, try to find your textbooks online (I usually go with Amazon) before you buy them in your store. For some classes it may be unavoidable, but do your best to get your textbooks at a cheaper price. (Another fun fact about Amazon: they offer prime to students for free for a whole year. You can order more ramen than you've even dreamed of for a cheap price and with free shipping! Take advantage of the free/discounted stuff you get as a student.)

Sorry for the novel. I did a lot of things I regretted freshman year and I wish I had someone to tell me all these things! TLDR: don't be an ass and make your experience worth the money you paid for it. Have a good year :) 




 If you have a test coming up, especially in a subject that doesn't come naturally to you, start studying DAYS in advance. Like just an hour or two a day for like three days before the test. It's hard to do if you're like me and have a tendency to procrastinate, but it ends up being worth it and much more useful than cramming the night before. 

Also--and I'm sort of going off on a tangent here--talk to your professors after class or during office hours with any questions you have. Not only does it help you out academically, but your professor will be impressed with your initiative--you'll stand out more. This is super important because you'll probably need letters of recommendation for things in the future, and the professors you've built relationships with will be more than willing to give you a great recommendation letter. 




 Yes, definitely join clubs! One of my biggest regrets from my freshman year was not joining club and getting to know people with similar interests to mine. 




 Definitely this. Give yourself time to deal with problems. College is too expensive to waste semester after semester failing classes because you're too depressed to get out of bed in the morning because you didn't give yourself time to cope with something that happened because you're afraid of the stigma attached to taking time off/dropping out for a little bit. 




 Do something practical that you also like, then. I used to go to a school that was known for its engineering program, and I was an art student. A lot of people who were engineering majors would tell me they love art, photography, etc., but they were in school for engineering (even though they hated it) just for the money and to make their parents happy. Conversely, I was doing art because I loved it, but I quickly realized that not only are art supplies REALLY expensive, but the only jobs you can really get in art are low paying and/or boring (like being a teacher, which is low-paying, or being a graphic designer, which is low-paying AND boring).

So I decided to change gears and go into television. It allows me to be creative and express my point of view, but also there is a lot of opportunity to make good money in that field. Try to balance it out for yourself. 




 Basically any fandom with a name for themselves and act like they're ~2 quirky 4 u~. "Superwholockians" are a good example and like half the reason I stopped using tumblr. 




 I totally agree with you. The person I saw it with loved it, and I can appreciate the unique approach to making it, but overall it was just like, eh, whatever. The story was awesome and tense at some points but corny at others. 




 It was beautifully animated, but the story was basically Pocahontas. I can definitely appreciate it a lot based solely on the animation, though. 




 I think I'm a lot funnier when I'm drunk. I mean I'm funny enough when I'm sober, but just not as loudly. In the words of my friends, "You say the same funny things you say when you're sober, but you shout them." 




 This reminds me of the scene in 21 Jump Street where Channing Tatum's character does drugs and gets really confident. He goes into his science class, goes up to the whiteboard, and spouts all this scientific-sounding gibberish while just writing the number 4 over and over on the board. He then has a mic-drop moment and just shouts, "FUCK YOU, SCIENCE!"

I imagine this is you and your friends at the bar. 




 Thanks! 




 How is it pronounced? I've heard people pronounce it so many different ways--like "immo-GENE" but also "i-MO-gen" (with a hard and soft G). 




 Once I was tagged there on an old account literally just for referring to a woman as overweight. Which she was. I never said there was anything wrong with it, I just used it as a descriptor when trying to talk about a woman in a video.

I definitely consider myself a feminist/body positive/whatever and I'm sure I would at least agree with some of the points made in that sub, but I feel like they just try to battle what they perceive as meanness with more meanness. I don't think it makes them better than the people they're calling out by basically having a whole sub devoted to causing drama. 




 I literally just got home from getting a haircut and I hate it. This post resonates with me on a thousand levels. 




 You're falsely trying to project some image of a hysterical, nonsensical woman you made up in your head onto me. I'm not getting "worked up," and I understand how language works, thanks. I did not think my boyfriend's friends wanted to sexually assault me when they talked that way because I can differentiate between saying something and actually acting on it. I'm not a crazy person, and I don't go into hysterics when people use that kind of language. I just get uncomfortable when people trivialize the idea of dominating a person, stripping them of their agency and humiliating them, by saying they just "raped" a person so casually. I understand the difference between video games and real life--it's not like I feel like I'm in immediate danger when someone casually talks about "raping" someone in a video game, as you keep implying. But that language does connote certain things, and the basic idea of what rape is--the idea of dominating someone and humiliating them--is still present, regardless of context. It makes me uncomfortable when people gleefully talk about "raping" someone in ANY context, that's it, because I myself have been assaulted walking in my own neighborhood, as have *many* of my friends and peers. 

Be respectful of my opinion instead of calling me ignorant. If you can't understand that some people feel differently about certain issues than you do and still treat them with respect and talk to them with dignity, I think it's obvious that you yourself are really ignorant. 




 But sitting in my boyfriend's living room playing video games isn't a competitive gaming scene, it's casually hanging out with friends. I would expect an environment where my friends treat me the way they normally treat me--with respect.

And you posted a whole counter-argument to something that wasn't an argument in the first place, just an individual's opinion. I'm not looking for an argument, I was just answering the question. It's amazing that posting something about just not liking when people trivialize rape and use threatening language can somehow get a bunch of redditors so angry to the point where they feel the need to tell you that your way of thinking is totally wrong. 




 I mean I do think it's rude to use such sexually aggressive language when talking about "bitches" when there's a group of guys and only one woman in the room. I don't think it's expecting them to treat me differently, I think it's expecting them to treat me respectfully. Referring to women as bitches is clearly a gendered insult. I don't go off on them or anything when they talk like that, all I'm saying is that it makes me uncomfortable and it's disappointing that people talk that way about women, even when it is just "childish videogame talk." 




 "...you believe saying rape in a video game means guys/girls (yes there are metric fuck tons of girl gamers) want to sexually assault you."

I never said that? I just think it's violent language and I think that it's rude to talk like that. I'm not like crusading against it, I just don't like when people say it in front of me. Calm down, dude. You're turning a simple comment into an argument.
 




 Exactly. I hang out with my boyfriend's friends a lot, and they're all great people, but I have heard them calling women "bitches" a few times, and however facetiously they may have been saying it, it's still really disappointing. Ideally they wouldn't talk that way, but even if they do they shouldn't do it in front of a woman.

The worst is when we're playing video games and they say they "raped" an opponent, though. That makes me more uncomfortable when I'm the only woman in the room. 
























 That was 5 years ago, and people can change and evolve so much in that time. She seems supportive of Caitlyn now--hopefully this tweet isn't indicative of current feelings toward trans people :/

Either way she should DEFINITELY delete that at the very least. 




 I came to say this, too. Everyone would hate us but who gives a fuck, we have awesome wine and cheese and don't need the haterz 




 All my guy friends had crushes on my older sister. She's just a lot cooler than me. I've learned to live with it...and I've also stopped inviting her to meet my friends because I am so fucking sick of hearing about how cool my sister is. 




 My mom worked for the government when she retired. The benefits are fucking insane. For a really long time most medications our family had were free or SUPER cheap. Co-pays are usually nonexistent. It's amazing. 




 I mean, just because you don't mind something doesn't mean every person in the world has to be comfortable with it, too. The question is asking about people's personal pet peeves, u/khelda1 is allowed to share their opinion. You may have a different experience, but that doesn't make hers any less valid. 




 Drooling just reading this. Thanks! 




 Pretty please, OP? Donuts are like the #1 thing I miss! 




 Former cashier here. This would happen *all* the time at my work. The transaction would be finished completely, I'd hand them their receipt, and they'd be like, "Oh, is it too late to use my coupon?"

Why would you pay for something and THEN ask about your coupon?? 




 My favorite is the one that links to a picture of just a wall with a bunch of light switches on it. I imagine he probably took the photo on accident, but how did he also tweet it on accident? Or did he do it all on purpose? The world may never know 




  oh god please don't try to talk to me, I am not prepared to talk to a human all I want is to find my favorite brand of yogurt and go home

For me, it's either this or a completely false sense of confidence, like, "Oh, he looked at me. He digs me. I'm a badass. I'm the sexiest lady in this budget grocery store. No one can touch me. I am immortal." 

Mostly it's just me trying to get my favorite yogurt with as little human contact as possible, though. 




 Love them and accept them for who they are 




 This is only sort of related, but it was more of a reaction to *my* reaction to a movie. When I was 13, one of the first PG-13 movies my friends and I went to see together was "Lady in the Water." We all thought it was a really scary movie (not sure if I would still find it scary now), so there were a few moments where we all jumped or screamed audibly.

After we screamed at one point, some grown man in the theater yelled at us to "shut the fuck up" and IMMEDIATELY another grown man yelled back in a really tough voice, "No, YOU shut the fuck up! If these little girls want to scream at the scary movie, let them scream at the scary movie!"

It was both horribly embarrassing and one of the funniest things that's ever happened to me in a movie theater. 




  Tobey McGuire's ugly cry face later became a meme.

This sounds like it could be the best "where are they now" line at the end of a movie, ever 




 They'll say, "Awwww, Topsy," at my auuuuuutopsy 




 On my ankle right next to my foot, so when I drop things and am too lazy to pick them up with my main hands, I can pick them up with my ankle hand instead of struggling to pick them up with my feet. 




 Oh, I worked there a few years ago. It probably changed since then, haha 




 I watched that episode with a friend who didn't even watch the show or understand the backstories of the characters, and he wept 




 Oh I'm SURE they do, Nosferatu. 




 I also used to work at Hollister, we would have an Asian couple come in every week or so (somehow they always knew when we got a new shipment) and buy out basically our entire stick to resell in foreign countries at a more expensive price. Which is ridiculous because a t-shirt there is already like $40. 




 I worked at a natural foods store also, and we had a salad bar/buffet type of thing. A lot of people would sample the foods without asking before they purchased, which is both unsanitary and also, because the price of our salad bar is by the pound, technically stealing. But our store really encourages giving samples to people, so we had signs up that said, "No Sampling, Please! If you'd like to try something, just ask!" to deter people from sampling every single item and making a free meal out of it. However, we had this old lady once a week or so who came in, got a huge cart, put one small item in the cart (usually a can of sardines) and then perused out salad bar and hot foods section, "sampling" literally everything we had. She would then go to our hot soups and "sample" all of those. And *then* she would go to the candy dispensers and "sample" all of *those*.

We had to ask her multiple times to stop, but she continued to do it. Her reasoning was that she was a paying customer (because of the one can of sardines she buys every week), so she should be able to sample our stuff. After a while we just had someone follow her around the store every time we saw her come in to stop her from "sampling" anymore on her own.

Moral of the story: Old ladies are the worst. 




 I think it's just a defense mechanism. I went to elementary school with a girl who always failed her spelling tests and would joke about it, but then after a few months of joking about it she broke down and cried about it. It was really sad, actually :/ 




 I had a waitress the other day whose name was Lybirtee. Like, "Liberty" on its own is kind of an uncommon name. Why did you have to go and spell it all crazy-like? 




 I mean it's better than sitting in the sun or in a tanning bed. At least they're being healthy about it? 

(Watch it turn out that tanning spray is a carcinogen or something) 




 He's talking about the grocery store, you sick fuck! 
























 But aren't elected leaders SUPPOSED to represent the majority's views? I understand your point, though I personally see it as a good thing that politicians are willing to change to adhere to what the country wants and needs. The unwillingness of politicians to budge, see things a different way, or compromise on their beliefs to meet the needs of voters is irresponsible. It's part of the reason why our government has hardly gotten anything done, despite the massive amounts of social change occurring in the U.S.   




 To add to this, guys who get into drunken fights or who gang up on guys they don't like to intimidate them. If someone can't solve a problem without resorting to physically harming someone, they're batshit. Not only would I never date someone like that, I wouldn't even choose to associate myself with them. 




 Same here. I kiss everyone on the face, too. Every single person. Even the ones I don't know that well. 









 I add brown sugar or a piece of chocolate to my spaghetti sauce to kind of neutralize it--the tomatoes can be a little acidic at times, so this works well to balance it out! 




 I don't know the exact reason, but I've been told that spiders lay their eggs in banana plants sometimes. They're usually found at either end of the banana, not in the middle. That's why a lot of people don't eat the ends of their bananas! 




 If he's making those jokes on his own time, it's a different story. (Still racist, but at least people don't have to listen to it). But he was at the office, around people that he worked with, making really unprofessional remarks that easily imply to an employer that he cannot work with or for black people. If he can casually make a joke like that without thinking he could get in trouble for it, he is a liability to the company in the sense that if his words ever got out, or if he spoke to a customer that way, he would cause a PR nightmare for the company. It's absolutely within their right to fire him. They're protecting themselves. 




 Plot twist: number 89 isn't his wife. 




 Old, moldy food. My roommates always leave stuff in our fridge for weeks; because there are 6 of us, it gets pushed to the back and forgotten about really easily. And I'm always the one who ends up cleaning it out, because my roommates are kind of a lazy bunch. I've seen some disgusting stuff, including vegetables that had rotted so much they were basically liquified.

If it's in tupperware, I usually try to clean it out, but there was one time where I opened something up and the smell made me gag even though I was holding my breath. And it wasn't even a normal gagging sound, either. It was a violent, loud, gag/yell that came out of my mouth completely involuntarily. I closed the lid and just threw the whole thing out without trying to salvage the tupperware it was in. I still don't even know what was in it. I asked my roommates and none of them had answers. I'm starting to feel nauseous just thinking about how long it must have been in there for everyone to forget about it completely.  




 I hate that smell. I hate beer to begin with (I'm allergic to it, but before I realized I had an allergy, I threw up EVERY time I drank it--even a small amount--so I kind of have the smell of it associated with puking). When I have to smell it, even if it's fresh, I have to get into a place with fresh air immediately. 




 They're talking about gristle, fat, tendons, etc. It's pretty common if the mean isn't good quality. 




 Bigotry? How do you mean? I like 2X a lot, because all of the posts seem to be about promoting positivity within the female community on reddit. A lot of the posts are about women who are proud of their accomplishments--i.e., running their first marathon, completing some sort of project, etc.--and I don't recall seeing anything hateful in that sub, ever (though I don't pay that much attention to it unless something really interesting pops up).

Genuinely curious what about that you find bigoted. 




 It's not "politically correct," it's just a way of trying to protect the identity of the person/station while still answering the question to the best of OP's ability. The only way it would be considered "politically correct" is if the news anchor specifically asked to be referred to as "they/them" rather than the common pronouns "him" or "her." 




 So many of those stories are just too much. Unnecessary details, weird writing style that kind of makes a reader think it's fictional, etc. I've only seen a few that actually made ma laugh and didn't seem like the author was trying too hard to make up some ridiculous story for karma.

My [favorite one](http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/2qe91t/tifu_by_giving_my_2_year_old_daughter_scented/) I've ever seen on that sub, though, is one that was titled: "TIFU by giving my 2 year old daughter scented chapstick" and the body was just: "She ate an entire stick of strawberry chapstick"

So perfect and simple. I wish more stories in that sub were like that. It would be much better, I think!

Edit: I really fucked up the grammar and spelling on this... 




 ...That's kinda fucked up, dude 




 We had a teacher who wanted to be a nun but was rejected (they can do that), and she would flip people's desks all the time and threaten them. The verbal abuse her students endured was insane, but she was an old woman so the school never did anything about it. It was also a small Catholic school, so a lot of shit like that went down that none of the kids were mature enough to realize was bad and none of the adults bothered to correct. 




 Yeah, I definitely feel that way. If I'm going to a party where I know there will be drinking, I always start drinking before I get there. Otherwise i can't hold a conversation with people. I like myself a lot more when I'm drunk, honestly.  




 I've seen this before. The "Mama" part never fails to make me laugh. 




 That's so creepy. But at least it means the ghost (or whatever) just wanted to play with your hair, not, like, kill you?? If that makes you feel better. Haha. 




 So did you just copy and paste [this entire thing](http://www.cruisecrazies.com/forums/topic/35340-cruise-ghost-stories/) or what? 




 Nope nope nope nope NOPE.

How did you realize it was your hair being braided on its own?? What was your reaction? 




 That is definitely one of the most bizarre Comcast horror stories I've heard. Not even sure how they could justify that. 




 If there's a customer already cursing up a storm and if the neighborhood is as bad as OP said, it probably would have been dangerous to deny the guy service, as satisfying as that would be. 




 Wait, what?! What happened? Did you have to pay? 
























