 Title says it all. No harm in 3 years aside from punching the occasional wall, but compared to the hundreds of previous cuts I'll call that good. Even got better without the family ever knowing it was a problem. But I'm worse than ever before. Went off to grad school. In less than a year it sucked all the life from me. The hidden self hatred is like an exposed nerve without anything pleasurable to cover it up. Between my awful grades, disappointed professor, lack of any friends in a 75 mile radius, and lack of any romantic connections I'm losing my mind. I'm slowly driving my only true friend away via text because there's only so long s person can put up with this shit. Tonight I snapped a door off my kitchen cabinet and shattered  my mirror. I'm not angry at anyone but myself. I'm constantly angry at myself, screaming at me when no one else is around because just... Everything. I want to cut so badly but knowing I can't let myself just makes it even worse, like a firework in a tin can. I'm trying to hold on but damn... It's like my own mind is consciously trying to kill me and that's what drives me mad. It's conscious decisions, not blind impulse. Conscious decisions  I know I'll regret but feel compelled to do anyway. 




 I'm there right now. At my school, 4 grades below B- and you're out. I've got 4 now. Makes it damn hard to focus on my research and I'm drinking way more than I should be. I'm going back and forth between wall punching mad at myself and just... empty.

Hang in there, you aren't the only one lost in limbo. But I will tell you this. I'm working here until they kick me off the campus. Do what you can, and don't let it kill ya 




 No. I'm not asking for sympathy or I wouldn't have used a burner account. You can tell me I'm a piece of shit, should drop out and be a fry cook, or put a fucking bullet in my skull for all I care actually.

I came here to vent because I'm alone in this city and I'm tired of putting my fist through the wall when I hate myself. Noone said you have to listen or care. 




 I lied, he wasn't disappointed, apparently the reason he hung up is because "he is so mad that he isn't mad". Also he told the other students last night on the phone with them that "it doesn't look good for me", so we will see what happens... 




 burner account is obviously a burner

So I'm an engineering grad from a physics background, and was convinced, against the suggestion of the professor teaching the course, to take a strictly engineer type course my first year here. NEedless to say it was going awfully, but the department decided not to let me drop without revoking my TA, so again under the advice of my advisor, I pushed on. I'm not sure if it's the ADHD or if I'm just fucking stupid, but despite throwing myself at the class and focusing solely on the class, I bombed the fuck out of the final.

My advisor just called (it's 11pm) to ask how my exam went, and when I told him that I did better than the midterm but not nearly as well as I hoped, he didn't take it well. Instead of being his normal "swear at you and question your manhood" self, he just got quiet, and hung up on me.

I gave it everything I had, but after weeks of studying and a hell of a mental breakdown last night, it just wasn't enough. I don't know if I'm just too fucking stupid, or if I'm willfully trying to screw myself over, but my advisor's voice had that "you could die for all I care, I'm disappointing and I'm done with you" tone to it, and if I didn't hate myself before well after two semesters of this I sure as fuck sake do now.


Sorry, rant over. 
























 He's Gregory House. He lied about the not being a mD thing. Everybody lies. 




 Actually kinda helps  




 Maybe once I'm not using all my will trying not to put a fucking knife in my chest, I'll worry about finishing my PhD or working on that six-pack. Thanks, I hadn't considered the fact that not being my normal awful fucking self might require effort. 




 Not in the same way, but yes. Hundreds of medium sized cuts on a small area over months left me with the same feeling. Oddly enough, nerve damage makes tattoos in the area hurt more, for whatever reason

A lot of us have been there I wager. While I can't say going to a hospital or clinic is a bad idea, if you won't, an EMT I spoke with about a similar incident told me to at least use butterfly tape to seal it closed. It will heal without it, but may stay open for a few weeks while it does so, and the scar will be wider if not taped.

Take care Knyburg, and hang in there 




 For doing awfully in school, for not making the most of my opportunities, for being awful and unattractive (and for thinking that while lying in bed instead of working out), for being so angry at myself and so depressing, the list just goes on

I don't know, I've never had anger problems with anyone else. I can be patient for ever with them but me... There's just too much hatred there not to get angry. 
























 Astounding story as well 




 But by then you could bounce to the Far East with your riches, wait a few generations and buy several countries back from the Dutch as their empire was collapsing. I mean, we're going back in time and immortal. It doesn't matter your ancestors at that point, you've got all the cards needed to fuck shit up 




 It also helps with the calming down thing, especially if you are of the panic disorder type... Also whiskey is tasty 




 For some reason this made me think Eyedea   Abilities Color my World Mine 




 The FUCK? 
























 I'm not reddit but I like the way this one thinks ^ 




 I was expecting Papal lasers and I was sorely disappointed  




 So if my well runs dry and water is a human right, how would that be provided to me? Would the local government have to pay to relocate me to a site with a viable ground water source, or supply me somehow? 




 Wait... The antichrist? Like, offspring of a human and a cabrion demon, revelations style antichrist?

Is this like a common belief among baptists or just a select fringe group? 




 At least Catholics standardize what you eat. My church just used bread (no crust because Jesus doesn't do crust). The one week they ran out of wheat halfway through and switched to rye. Result: you had your choice between white meat Jesus and darkness Jesus. 
























 Ours tossed a blade while crushing ice, shattering the glass container. Also it stained my pants poop 




 And these things are different how? 




 I never understood that. Wtf are they made out of? 




 I am. Tacos are like open ended burritos made out of razor blades. Burritos are so much easier to hold on to. Except if they aren't wrapped well they get soggy by the end 




 Last time I saw them it was:

Rodeo Ruby Love

Streetlight Manifesto

Reel Big Fish

Lost my coat and shoes in the circle pit, found them in the sound booth, made friends with some of the techs and got pulled over at 3am in Camden because my car matched the description of a stolen vehicle. Epic concert and fun times

 
























 Fuckinng Swiss alox can opener is still my favorite. All the twist style ones I've had have broken and so has my electric one  




 Until the motherboard goes. Seriously why does a fridge need a motherboard anyway? $200 part. (Normally I'd sit down and troubleshoot the thing but we needed to get the fridge working. Probably was a burnt out mosfet switch 




 My buddy made some money in college going around picking up broken tvs from the trash, fixing them and unloading them at pawn shops. Every. Single. One. Was a blown capacitor in the power supply 




 Pre 1975, gotta get that 100% transistor glory. Got a Marantz, a Pioneer and a Fisher that are all in great shape and put any 2ch receiver less than 4 figures to shame 




 /r/theydidthemath calls to you  
























 If you really want to blow your mind, replace the worn old capacitors, it'll bring everything back into spec. Even just doing the main psu caps makes a good difference  




 It's just an interesting concept for me because I've never lived somewhere long term where my water wasn't as private as it got, ie: it came out of the ground the house was built on. And to make it better, no power = no water.

But I wouldn't trade it for anything. Our water growing up was better than anything that comes out of a bottle, perfect ph, naturally limestone filtered, nice and crisp. Our relatives used to bring 5gal jugs to fill when they visited us.

Septic tanks on the other hand fucking suck 




 I mean, I meant that my blender turning into a frag grenade scared the shit out of me...

I whisk my poop shakes like a man. 




 To be fair it is lot more reliable than using a binned DC motor and some rectifier diodes  




 I can't help but laugh when my coworkers tell stories like this from China (where several of them are from). We came to the conclusion that China is more American than America 
























 Well, my bachelors is physics, my masters would be engineering. I'm not sure if that changes things, but I've found a bachelors in physics from an unknown school is basically worthless. 




 Title says it all. Mediocre grades at best (2 C's and a D at a school where any more than 4 grades below B- gets you kicked out). Told my advisor at the lab I wanted to finish my masters and leave. I can't do PhD. I can't do the stress without it literally killing me (by my own hand or by accident). I was so angry at myself for my shitty performance last week I put my fist through my mirror.

So when my advisor told me he wanted wanted me to apply to the PhD program directly (and take some classes that would prolong the time until I could get my masters by a semester or two) for the sake of "additional funding", the day after contemplating this for two weeks culminating in me destroying my apartment, I said no.

Now I'm told I have exactly 0 chance of funding, and I'm 15 credits away from my masters.

On a scale of "That was a silly thing to do" to "seriously consider self immolation or sepuku", just how badly did I fuck up here? 




  Younger Americans will kindly remember his executive order declaring all student loan debtors bankrupt,

That would be awesome, since student loan debt can't be discharged via bankruptcy.

Me:  "I Burnphonegrad declare that I have no money to pay my debts, and heretofore declare bankruptcy"

Student loan lenders: "Oh, you got nothing? We'll need like 70k of that please" 




  Instead, I threw the damn thing in the trash. 

No offense but you sound like you would have been a joy to communicate with 




 I'm jealous. My stack isn't nearly as badass, just a 780 and a Marantz 2245. Of the two the Marantz is my favorite, both are recapped and restored (still need to do a little work finishing them both, need to source a power button for the Marantz and a new backplate, and need to fix the one VU meter on the pioneer. Maybe then I'll get a wooden case made for the Marantz to satisfy me until I can get my hands on a 2270 or sx-1280

Edit: I do always forget how late in the 70's that line was, since the internals are
More like the early 70's equipment than say, a late 70's Yamaha receiver 
























 found the windows phone user 




 Good idea. Also, as bad as my grades are, because as stated before I'm apparently a fucking idiot or can't school or whatever, I'm wondering how much should I space it out. Yeah I could work 2 part time 20hr a week jobs and take 3 classes a semester, but as said, if I get 2 more C's I'm out. I need to fund myself, but more importantrly if I'm going to make this gamble I need to improve my shitty self 200%  




 Even at 24k + living expenses (in the city)?

Edit: I'm about 60k under already 




 Fucking birds. How dare they make pretty noise. How the fuck do they make pretty noise? The cats just going to eat them anyway. 




 Power through to PhD? It's incredibly unlikely. Even with the meds, the therapy, etc. I dont know I can make it like this without... well... I don't think I can make it that far. 
























