 The last line is pretty much the same as the first so how could I not? Of course it wasnt until after I read the whole thing did I realize I've been duped. 




 On the flipside generic canned ravioli is just as good as the name brand and you can get a bigger can for the same price as a regular one. 




 At least make it illegal to perform on infants who have absolutely no say in the matter. 




 I feel like I am the only who has never seen sushi at a gas station. 




 If anything it was an act of God for his chute not to open. 




 Pls no 




 I recall having some not too long ago. 




 I was gonna say Cocaine energy drink, but it was put back on sale not too long ago apparently. So I am going to say KMX energy drinks.  




 Yall dont happen to have coke with lime do yall? I'll totally trade a case of cherry coke of some. 




 I forgot all about those flatbreads :( 




 If I remember right these came up in an old thread and someone found a way to order them. . . 




 The Talib set-up is rather unique. . .set-ups like that are kinda hard to find...like a remote. 




 Ah Chingo Blingo. Had a chance to see him at a show in south Texas a while back. No one in my family wanted to go :/

"Gimme dat torta" 




 So edgy 




 Ah the Mighty Boosh. 




 I skipped to last line only and still assumed he was just a metal-enthusiast.  




 An excellent profession. Keep up the good work. 




 . . .patients? 




 Note to self: Duck Farts sound delicious. 




 You didnt get the memo? If you're virgin when you turn 30 you become a wizard. 




 I mostly only use .compact

It just sucks when a link to a different subreddit doesnt automatically turn to mobile. 




 I started/finished a multiple page paper over a court case the first few periods before it was due in class. I got a 90 on it. 




 How do rockets hover in place? 




 Sometimes when I just dont want the last bite. 




 That...makes sense 




 Goats are sheep now? 




 Doesnt making it into a puree sorta break the no lube rule? 




 And the fact 'n' and 'r' are pretty fucking far from each other on the keyboard. 




 What is this from? 




 Wat. . .wat is this toastman meme? 




 Poles? 




 I thought mouthbreathers was equivalent to neckbeards. . . 




 The fuck kind of gif is that? 




 Did. . .did you just kill yourself? 




 Perfume: Story of a Murderer did that for me.  




 El Mariachi, while Banderas probably couldn't reprise his role from the sequels it would be nice to see it made with a budget that isnt a couple hundred dollars. Still a great movie. 




 As a Catholic, I concur that most Catholics seemed to liked it. 




 Just remember everyday is another struggle, until you wake up one day realizing you arent struggling anymore. 




 Spice used to be a brand name of synthetics, but now it is just a common term to mean any synthetic weed. 




 Been over a year since I quit. Usually smoked 10g's Over 2-3 days, but had days where I would burn through a whole bag. Got pretty bad with it. I only smoked it out of a pipe so I would collect the ash/partially solid matter  and then shift it just enough to get the white ash off. Would basically smoke and resmoke until it just couldnt be lit anymore, strangely each hit was just as strong as a fresh bowl. Most days I would smoke until I pass out for like 15-30 minutes then toke up again repeating the process until lunch/dinner with the coma-naps getting longer as the day went on. I also woulx wake in the middle of the nightbjust for the sole purpose of getting another round in. Shit took its toll fast, mostly psychologically (sometimes voices but mostly just horrible paranoia/anxiety) but did notice chest pains and was constantly coughing shit up (tooks months of being off it to finally clear it up) I did pawn shit that was and wasn't mine to pawn just to get the next sack. Credit Cards were already pretty much maxed by the time I started using, but coincidentally my minimum payment was about as much as a sack was, so the cards stayed maxed out. 

My advice is to try to come to terms with the debt pile and slowly work it off. If you havent already, destroy the cards. You can always get new ones, but the wait for the replacements should help curb any craving or momentary loss of self-control. If you aren't completely ostrochised from your family, maybe have someone take control of your funds for a bit, the first couple months are always the hardest to resist the urge to re-up.

Invest in an e-cigarette. Doesn't even have to have nicotine in it. The act of blowing out smoke can help alleviate the urge to start smoking it again.

If your drug counselling is a group setting, try to be open to the others' stories and experiences. You might find some inspiration in their life experiences. 

They'll probably suggest this at counseling, but maybe look into a Narcotics Anonymous group. I never did do that, but it can definitly help with the healing process.

As for depression, that is a whole 'nother beast that I've struggled with my whole life. Hopefully yours is just due to temporary chemical imbalances and not hereditary. Either way /r/depression is a wounderful community at your disposal. 

Everything I said/suggested is purely from my own experience. Make sure you communicate with your doctors everything as they will know the best way to help you. 




 ...which is why you can usually be out and about if you are 17 or older. . . 




 I want to believe. 




 Moby. I was the only person I knew that likes him and just couldnt bring myself to go to his concert alone. 




 If anything he'll make a good manager, probably. 




 Yea it was definitly some kind of sketch pricing scheme, but shit a deals a deal when you just wanna get high. 




 Shit or even just a Christmas Special or something. 




   This whole debacle has potentially made that much more difficult here.

I think, if NZ is really going to have a rigorous screening process for the legal highs, then this will help with the education/protection for addicts regarding it all. I mean pretty much anyone can grow weed, but how many times have you heard of someone cooking up their own version of spice in their backyard? So as long as the new screening process isnt just a red herring that they hope people will forget about, then it will be more conducive to a healthier legal high culture.

 




 I don't know about other places, but when he had it in Texas it went for about $30/10g or $20/3g, depending on brand which is way cheaper than $20/g kush or $50/14g korn. Of course the perceived tolerance IME shoots up pretty high pretty fast with the synths so what you're saving just goes towards more of it. 




 I could see that. No accepted pharmaceutical use doesnt mean it cant be straight up recreational. 




 Times like that i smoke a little bowl then go on a long spree shifting through the ground up getting it as clean as possible. 




 I've noticed Indica's do the same thing to me mostly. You ever start noticing all the ambient noises around you and start putting voices to them? 




 Extreme Paranoia? Moldy Weed? Shady deals gone wrong? 

Any and all stories that others could learn from are appreciated.

Particularly looking for stories from users that don't/can't smoke anymore due to bad trips.  




 Easily could have been at Harvard, but smoked weed and played WoW last years of high school. Didn't walk but graduated the summer after one dual credit at a local community college. 




 FTA: "The New Zealand government's **testing regime**, expected to be **as rigorous as** that applied to **pharmaceutical drugs**, means that it could cost manufacturers of legal highs over $1 million NZD (£500,000) to have each product approved.

I'm sorry but I don't see the problem here. Is this not what we wanted? A stable product that isn't going to change its chemical make-up everytime a new law takes place? I don't pretend to know NZ politics, but I know as a former US spice user that I do wish I knew exactly what I was using and wish America did something along these lines instead of wave after wave of bans. 




 It was poorly advertised and was a rather limited release. 




 Mine would be the fan-made trailer about Robin.

For actual trailer it would have to the original spiderman with venom before he was redone in the final cut. 




 Step 1: Buy app store giftcards with all the dirty cash you want.

Step 2: Create $1k app

Step 3: Using bogus accounts spend the giftcards on your $1k app

Step 4: ???

Step 5: Profit 




 The second one wasn't half bad. A bit disappointed there weren't more 




 Grew up eating most fruits, but mango is the one that I just can't get past the texture of. Mango flavoring is pretty good however. 




 Pokemon reference. 




 IDK my BFF Jill? 




 "Urinals are out of order? That's ok the toilet seat will make sure I don't miss." 




 I love it straight up. Sipping licorice it feels like. 




 I remember not actually minding the grass and dirt ones back then. . . 




 One fun fact is that becore Usher was Usher he used to hang around with the Dungeon Family. 




 So you are saying that if the Doctor is to finally become a ginger make sure it is a famous ginger? 




 Imagine if they went back and actually redid El Mariachi. 




 Live-Action. . .Barbie? So are they going to CGI the star to look like barbie or make Barbies more realistic looking? 




 It's just the Housewives, dudette. 




 TiL Captain America is a wizard. 




 2 hours until tickets go up. . .any idea how much it'll cost? 




 I'd like to see the Smiths in Black Nativity 2. 




 So much dust under the screen! 




 I don't mind dark chocolate with some salt in it. 




 Unless it's some jazz. 




 What exactly did you find to be ignorant? 




 Would love to see a word cloud of the comments. 




 Am I the only one who hates OP for not showing #6? 




 Shit I'm on mobile, but looking at wikipedia I believe it is S5 E25. 




 I had friends that had that teacher. Everything he said was spot on about her. 




 This happened last year and teacher has since been reprimanded. 




 So glorious. 




 Not to mention he was featured on Tosh.0. 




 I mean it is Duncanville, Texas after all. . . 




 Currently fasting before my physical in 5 hours. . .I know what my first meal will be! 




 Is that like the Mcdank? A McDouble with a McChicken in the middle of it? 




 . . .And? 














 I've had this app for two months now and it still won't work. Anyone else having issues with it? 









 Man fuck this last year. Fuck it royally. Fuck the fact that I got promoted. Fuck the fact I kicked the several year long spice habit. Fuck the fact I got laid for the first and only time. Fuck it all. I still fucked up at school for the 3 or 4th time and am probably suspended from the system. . . again...I still drove her away with the creepiness and general beta-mindset. . ..still broke all the time cause I have poor money management skills...behind a couple months on my cards and will have student loans starting up again now that I'm out of school..
Fuck the fact old friends are back in town graduated and not responding to texts or calls. ..man fuckall this. At least I have my music.

Only people to remember it's my birthday is my ma, cousin, sister. Oh yea and the student loan company emailing me happy birthday trying to collect. But it's cool I get free movie tickets whenever I want. Oh and I get free stuff today at the smoke shop...
 




 So I've been looking for the lyrics for Big Rube 4:38 (Interlude) On Cool Breeze's Album and have had zero luck. It is even omitted from rapgenius. I was wondering if anyone knows whats up with that and if anyone has said lyrics. 
























 Now this week they added my state to their no ship list. . . Am I just incredibly lucky or did I get them in trouble? LOL 




 Would you play them straight through, or would you start out with some highlights? 




 As seen on Snoop Lion [here](http://i.imgur.com/v2OxaH7.jpg) 

I have always been a fan of that style headwear, but just never could find them.

First, what are they called?

Second, I'm not really looking for that color scheme per se, just one that'll work well on St. Patrick's Day.

Much Obliged.

 




 I personally am ~~5th~~ 6th Gen. 

EDIT: Seems I was reading my family tree wrong. 


































 Dammit....this is the exact same day Lykke Li is in Kansas City, which I already bought tickets for and started making plans for the trip. 




 Dammit....this is the same day as Lykke Li in Kansas City. . .and I already bought that ticket. 




 Libraries arent everywhere, sadly. 




 It's not on the 65% list. Also the only New 52 it seems is Hawk and Dove vol 1. 




 I wonder how functional it is. 




 The Presence, but I feel that is cheating a bit here. 




 If I say yes, will they make a Hawkman movie(s)? 




 Is Brightest Day worth it? There are some newer trades that I want, but might hold off on to take advantage of the sale. 









 The illuminati dick. You forgot about that. 




 Ah man. Thank you very much. If it wasnt between paydays I'd give you gold. 




 [Here](http://i.imgur.com/T2qAIC3.png) we go. 




 No...at a low resolution she kinda has that face. 




 Any particular reason you don't like horror themed books? How about the other books in the Dark section of New 52? 




 Face 




 Maybe because she kinda sorta looks like Natalie Portman. 




 Think you can make one for mobile. The second one almost fits, but the text gets cut off slightly. 




 They are premiering some new songs at A3C on 6/21. 




 When did Gravy get the gauges? 









 Lorde is love, Lorde is Life? 




 Leave the autist alone. Dates are hard to read. 




 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 




 Im wondering the same shit. 




 So do we ever figure out what JFK's mutation is? 




 This is proof 4chan browses /r/incest . . .pretty much word for word from [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/incest/comments/27kwaz/bs_true_experience_with_my_sister/)post 




 I'm just questioning your definition of recent. Those have been on reddit for a minute. 




 recent 




 I never liked any of the reddit apps. 

.compact all the way. 




 Just give a little jiggle and giggle? 




 But it is still at the discretion of the venue. Looking at you Outback -.- 




 Put it in his face get that shit understood!

I was thinking something by TumTum, but this one reigns supreme. 




 As long as it isnt the purple one. That one isiffy at best for smell. 




 Or just fat. 




 ಠ_ಠ 




 Worst case scenario: Lose 55lbs and in 9 months have 3 babies

FTFY 




 Well years is indeed minute. . . 




 The itchy arms makes me think this is legit. I miss salvia. 




 Dafuq kind of title is this. 




 Well I had been on celexa for a minute, so just another salvia trip as far as I could tell. 




 How about for some extra inches :3 




 I dont know if is safe, but I was on celexa when I did salvia a couple times. 




 I doubt any bus stories could top that. 




 OP cropped out the mfw 




 Batman Eternal, Futures End, JL3000, Swamp Thing Vol. 4, Aquaman and the others.

Others: Cyclops, and might try out nailbiter 




 I actually like Brownsville :( 




 No. If you sage a post, it won't get bumped back to the top. Any post that isn't a sage post essentially bumps the OP's post. 




 Glad I came to the comments. The $20 credit almost won me, but alas I have no Kindle. 




 I was kinda hoping DW 1/2 or 3 would be the first titles from the series, but this is a pleasent surprise. I wonder how hard it would be for them to port #7. . . 




 Makes me want to dust off my PS2 to play this. 




 Being a Catholic President?  




 You should watch Mr. Nobody. It is on netflix. 




 Cesar's Tacos is a delicious local chain. Can't really think of much else even though I've been here since I was born. 




 Here is to hoping for The Question getting his own. 




 I never heard of these plans to make a live action Paprika. Now I am sad it probably is not going to happen. 




 Frankenstein! This had a good run and is collected in two trades. 




 I hear good things about Lucifer. I'm going to check those out after I finish Sandman. Same with the Death Trades. 




 Shoulder Rubs. I just can't stand them at all. 




 I don't like HEB for the fact they are so far away from where I live. 




 My thoughts exactly. It would be way too loud in there. 




 She turned the alarm on and then left? I know for my system that turns on the motion sensor and would be tripped if someone walked through the house. . . 




 By making it a rite of passage into adulthood if you so choose. 




 Vampire Academy 




 A couple weeks before the end of the year is not the time to be cracking down on petty things like uniform IMO.  




 For New 52 I like the Batman Eternal weekly. The story is great and I cant wait to see how the Commissioner comes out of this. 

I've been pulling most of The Dark comics ( Justice League Dark, Phantom Stranger, Pandora) but havent quite read them yet since I am missing a couple issues here and there. The trades for them all are great. For Swamp Thing and Animal Man I just wait for their trades and have yet to be disappointed. 

Justice League United seemed to start out strong so I'll keep checking it out.
I do recommend Sword of Sorcery: Ameythst trade if you can find it. Since it was a short run it is all collected together.

Secret Origins is a nice take on the origins on well known heroes. 

Not exactly New 52, but still Vertigo, I do enjoy Sandman: Overture. However it is only two issues in and it is months in-between releases. 




 Picked up Sandman: Overture 1 and 2 the other day and absolutely loved it. So I decided to start reading The Sandman. Finished the first two volumes and I was wondering when a good time to read the Death trades would be? 




 Buy me the hoodie and you got yourself a deal. 




 Ceasar's Tacos is by far the best chain anywhere. 




 He has a Libertarian view on drug usage. But according to the end of [this](http://www.examiner.com/article/moby-talks-dating-natalie-portman-gay-bashing-and-drugs) interview he has been sober since 2008.

EDIT: Found [this](http://news.beatport.com/blog/2013/06/10/at-movement-moby-gives-us-the-lowdown-on-class-a-drugs-the-internets-diminishing-returns-and-playing-really-loud/) interview where he says "And I’m not “anti-drugs.” I’m not saying stay away from drugs. . .Have a great time, just try to have a degree of moderation and self-care applied to it." 




 Despite having the strategy guide as a kid, I could never get very far in DW2. 




 I feel he would be the one to help me acheive the ego death to finally go full vegan. It is sad tho after trying LSD when he was a teen it caused him to have a panic disorder. 

He's a remarkable and highly respectable guy. Even just his wiki page is a good read. 




 Either LSD with Moby or some MDMA with Lykke Li.

If neither are available maybe some weed with C.S. Lewis or St. Francis of Assisi.  




 No this is the internet. 




 Pull forward until stream starts so it you know where it is going to go. Then relax and let it do its thing. 




 So you are telling me you have zero food in your house and always eat out? 




 A newer one goes something like: "You'll never know, if you never do."

I can't help but think that this is subliminal advertising to get you to drink Mountain Dew. "Do the Dew" 




 Am I the only guy that uses his foreskin as a sort of guide when taking a piss? 




 In English class I fell asleep while the class was reading the book we were studying. I woke up in the middle of the teacher relaying the story about how her son committed suicide years before at our school. I just feigned sleep until we went back to reading. 




 Empire Ants by The Gorillaz 




 Tarantino originally said he scrapped the movie after the script leak. He only recently said he will make the movie after all. 




 Probably [this](http://imgur.com/hsFZeLM) picture of Lykke Li. She's a goddess. 




 In WoW if you say 'lol' in Orcish others see it as "kek". 




 Can you even catch hiv from mosquitos? 




 Apparently it was all from a relatively new, but bad batch/strain of synthetics that just went on sale. 




 It was meh. I fell asleep watching it. 




 The Secret Circle. The ending was still great tho. 




 Have a phone but cant afford a computer. 

+/u/dogetipbot 100 doge 




 It is a thing. But you totally probably have a sadness fetish.  




 But then she would still leave due to him popping a sympathy boner. 




 I found a copy of the limited box set for rather cheap and was wondering if it would be worth it. I saw a couple examples of it online and was rather intrigued. 




 Like the idea that his member is just not long enough? Oh ok...cool ideas, at least they got a tree planted before his ED kicked in 




 There is still magic. 




 Your gaydar is broke bro. What else do you expect from a /v/irgin 




 I just started Sandman Overture and i dont know what the fuck is going on, but I like it.

Only recently started with Marvel. Deadpool vs Carnage, All New Ultimates, Hulk, Nightcrawler, and All New Ghost Rider. Figured I'd start Marvel with some fresh #1's 




 I was thinking a Captain Morgan pose. 




 Do those subtitles actually exist? 




 Would love to see it over DFW 




 The quality of 0 is still null. 




 And they wonder why places like Fort Hood get shot up. 




 It's from the [Kim and Cookie Interlude](http://rapgenius.com/2814746) on Stankonia. Shoot I always thought it meant toe up. Like mind-blowing good sex or something. But I guess torn up still makes sense. 




 I had some ask me years ago how do I assign myself to an orientation if I never had sex with anybody. . .I was a little dumb-founded and didn't know how to retort.  




 Yea man that poodle was kinda hot

-Cpt. Jack Harkness 




 Unless maybe his individual room was locked? 
























 I kinda wish he was like the Vertigo Lucifer, but how would they have pulled off Mazikeen. ╮(╯▽╰)╭ 




 Just the mini series. I've been wanting to check out the Books of Faerie myself. 




 Looks like that one guy from the Mighty Boosh. 




 Is Diamond the only vendor source? 




 Look for small clues, like someone constantly sniffling or rubbing their nose, people taking short breaths. . . 




 Can anyone hook me up? Either as a third party or with a contact for a LCS that can help me out? My LCS's havent heard about this and there are a couple TPs i wouldnt mind getting. 




 I wish they had extended the sale by just one day T.T . . .I would get paid the day after Batman Day. 




 I'm tempted by the buy 2 get 1free online with the discounts....just wondering if instocktrades is still cheaper. . .gonna have to mess around with some numbers 




 Wait. . .so you harass her until she fucks at work?  




 It is about what was left on the loan yes. In the middle of paperwork currently to determine how they will setup a payback plan. 




 In response to your Edit 2.0:

I mean they do make test kits to find out what powder is what. . . 




 With $27k , I can pay off the attorney general and still have 8k to put towards my other loan that is close to default. 




 Is that a question or a declaration? 




 They bring crime, litter, SWINE FLU

So just like your average american? 




 It is all the red meat he eats. 




 I work the morning T.T 




 Harley Quinn's series just finished its first arc, so the next issue will be a good jumping on point. 




 Yea it is kind of an ego killer when you realize that you passed the halfway mark of your late father's life. Shit sucks when you realize you are no where near where he was at this point in life. 




 Whoops seems I was just thinking of the Baby Formula vs Breast feeding controversy of Nestle Mexico. . . 




 I believe it was Mexico. 




 Well it has a slight reference in Justice Leeague 3000, but so far is stand alone. 




 Heads up, get ready for some pretty big feels with this title. I actually cried a little in volume 3, and got kinda sad in some of the others. Still need to read the last  5 trades and the select single arcs trades.

The Deluxe Death Trade that collects all her stories in one is a decent related title at a good price. And After volume 4, it would be a good time to start the Lucifer trades if you are interested in how his story continues. 




 A couple of my favorite from the New 52 are Sword of Scorcery vol1. , Hawkman and Justice League Dark. 

If you end up liking the darker side, there is the Sandman Series from Vertigo (which is like a Mature part of DC)

Last piece of advice, instocktrades.com has trades at an awesome discount price for most comics. 




 Yea started the East of West and recently Saga thanks to the Image humble bundle a month or two ago. I need to go back through EoW again to remind my self whats going on also. 




 I started late with my **Justice League 3000** pulls so I just got the first two last week (a local LCS wanted $20 a piece so did Midtown for reg. Price) and read all 8 just the other day. It is an interesting story and how it ties in to Future's End is interesting when they mentioned they have 97% of all metahuman DNA from the island 1000 years ago. Happy to be current on it.

Ordered Outcast #1 from Image with those two, since it sold out everywhere I looked. Decent take on Exorcisms and looking forward to the explanation of his blood burning the possesed.

Read through the other day the Batman Manga Death Mask. It was an interesting story with a little background of Bruce in Japan.

Currently working on the first Hellblazer arc in Original Sins TP and enjoying it so far. 




 This should be next banner. 




 Honestly the movie with Keanu Reeves was my first encounter with anything Constantine. I know almost quite literally everyone denounces the movie as being a Constantine film, but I love it none the less. My first comic ecounter was the New 52 JLD and Constantine trades, I tried catching up with the single issues, but never really put much onto it so I just wait for trades.

Just started Hellblazer vol. 1, and am still in middle of first arc, I find it intetersting, but am going through it slow since I'm reading a couple different books at the same time.

My vote for next title is Lucifer vol. 1. 




 Fag is common brit slang for cigarrette. The first time I ever heard it, yea same reaction, but that was long before I read Hellblazer. 




 All the Xx_'s are due to the name they want being taken, so that is accurate. 




 FYI, Goobers is a chocolate covered peanut candy. 




 I'm hoping he appears in Future's End at some point. 




 It's a horror comic, also by Image, it sold like crazy everywhere near me. 




 For my it was between that or Outcast for my pulls. I chose Outcast and am going to wait for a trade on Wicked/Divine 




 My Nightwing vol. 4 is still in the mail :x 




 Watched first season of Arrow this past week on Netflix. Unfortunately season 2 isnt on it yet and my local libraries dont have it yet. Anyone know when it is supposed to come to netflix?

I've been meaning to pick up the New 52 trade of Static Shock. Does he show up anywhere outside his series?

That Marvel 100th Anniversary issue of Spiderman was fun. Kingpin in a tech-venom suit, like woah. 




 Considering they've had leaks, I don't see why they wouldn't. 




 You dont think NSA intercepts their own messages?  




 It is just that there is not only THC in weed.  




 Django Unchained TP- Gotta have some Django

100th Anniversary #1: Xmen - Really enjoying these anniversary issues.

Deadpool: Dracula's Gauntlet #2 -first one was decent, but not sure how I like having 3 weeklies on my pulls

Elektra #4 - Really good series so far.

Savage Hulk #2 - was disappointed regular hulk was cancelled and the #1 Savage was ok, so I'm giving this one more try

Ultimate FF #4 -

Batman Eternal #15 - too far into it to give up now.

Harley Quinn invade Comic Con Intl. San Diego #1 - I'm a sucker for one shots.

Teen Titan #1 - Gonna see how the new one is.

The New 52: Future's End #11 - Loving the story so far. 




 Django Unchained TP- Gotta have some Django 

100th Anniversary #1: Xmen - Really enjoying these anniversary issues.

Deadpool: Dracula's Gauntlet #2 -first one was decent, but not sure how I like having 3 weeklies on my pulls

Elektra #4 - Really good series so far.

Savage Hulk #2 - was disappointed regular hulk was cancelled and the #1 Savage was ok, so I'm giving this one more try

Ultimate FF #4 - 

Batman Eternal #15 - too far into it to give up now.

Harley Quinn invade Comic Con Intl. San Diego #1 - I'm a sucker for one shots.

Teen Titan #1 - Gonna see how the new one is.

The New 52: Future's End #11 - Loving the story so far.






































 




 I'm guessing until at least this Wednesday, it has been up for at least a week already so not sure how much longer it will be. 




 Right? Well if I am to afford at least the weekly's in my pull list this week Imma have to cook my lunch/dinner at home for work. 




 I'm guessing one is the older version and not the reprint. . . 




 It is just that doesn't Constantine and Zantanna have a sorta of history together? I think she would be better to have a show on NBC if their shows end up doing well. 




 I would like to see Doctor Occult or Tim Hunter. 









 I heard you can ask for honey butter on a chicken strip sandwhich. Never tried tho. 




 Being mutilated as a baby

Fucking disgusting. 




 What kind of shit phone you have? I read it just fine. 




 Sleeping until I have to go to work at night. 




 Purfume: Story of a Murderer or Spirited Away. 




 Excellent story 




 It is the southern equivalent of Disney workers saying "Have a magical day" or something that. 




 You can't prove that. 




 All of y'all being taller and longer than I only justifies my confidence issues, at least in my mind :( 




 Check out the Sandman Series by Vertigo if you are wanting a Darker feel from your comics...shoot I started reading them when I was 22 last year.


Incase you didn't know a good place to find a lot of trade collections is instocktrades.Com  




 I was thinking it was this, just wasn't 100% 




 So jealous. What collections are these exactly? 




 Dark House is leaving soon and was Decent enough. 




 Credits are part of the run time.  




 Well it is exactly 3 hours with the 15 minute previews. 




 There is this one thing. . .what is it called. . .Reddit Platinum? 




 Shoot I work in a cinema and dont really understand what the difference is, but if someone had brought that to my attention, I would have gone to the booth and verified that the current playlist matches the projector's settings. I mean the correct format is right there in the name of the movie file.  




 Maybe he was a fan of the Sandman comics series. There is the short story in one issue where the Dream of cats tells this cat it is talking to that basically if enough people (or cats) dream the same reality at the same time the true reality can be changed. It was a rather sad story actually. 




 I was high the first time I watched Paprika, so naturally I didn't fully remember the ending. Be me, a rather overweight guy, showing it to current crush and everything getting super awkward when the fat guy gets the hot girl at the end. . .the moment was so cringe-worthy. 




 It was a little hard to follow, I'm giving a couple more issues to really decide. 




 Batman Eternal, Future's End, Sinestro, JLD, and maybe Harley Quinn #0 Director's Cut.

Others: Trees, C.O.W.L., Doop, Amazing Spider-Man, Savage Hulk, All New Ultimates, Ghost Rider, Deadpool vs Carnage, (Damn seems all my marvel pulls are this week imma be broke T.T) and need to get MPH from last week. 




 Glad I'm not the only one captivated by Trees. 




 East of West easily. 




 If they extended their service area to the suburbs on the edge of Dallas, I would actually use the service. 




 Hellraiser. I guess I just waited too long to see it. 




 I thought it was funny before I did pot. 




 Why would you say before taking it off if she never takes it off in the .gif?! 




 Maybe I have a hard on for inconcievable bugs? It doesn't matter. 




 Unless you are on xbox. . .just saying. 




 Well. . .arent there tofu steaks? 




 So we need to break down the military budget into what % of it is actually used for military research and not just straight arms productions or troop employment/deployment then? 




 If it is a Driver's License it does apply, but if it is just a straight up ID, I'm not sure. 




 I watched Unbreakable, with Bruce Willis and Sam L Jackson, for the first time the other day. Was a very interesting look at the question: What if there are superheroes, but they dont know it yet? I highly recommend it. 




 Current Runs from last week: Batman Eternal, Future's End, Harley Quinn, Ultimate FF, Elektra,

Currently slowly working through the First Lucifer Trade from Vertigo. 




 I'm preparing myself for the Hobbit Trilogy marathon that is sure to happen in december.  




 I talked to a police officer the other day at my work and apparently there is a sort of underground prostitution ring on myspace in various cities. 




 If the response was worthwhile others would let you know by the way they respond. 




 It has been off and on. 




 If it hurt us after the leak wouldnt it have hurt us before the leak? 




 Shoot it wasnt too long ago that tardigrades were all over reddit. I learned what a water bear was due to it being a meme. 




 Ive been wanting to get into the Books of Faeirie honestly. But I am up to book 6 of Sandman, but been having trouble finding it locally. 




 I wouldnt mind a DC one, dunno if you have any Vertigo but that would be dope. 




 I didnt see that being who was placing the hits on Harley. Decent enough surprise. 




 And thats why i live in the burbs 




 I didnt know it implied sexual orientation that phrase as Big Boi said in his song Back Up Plan:

I was young, full of cum, down for the skeet skeet, not dumb . . . 




 I feel like the mirror isnt exactly haunted, but begs the question that it attracts mentally unstable people. 




 I disagree, but I tend to be liberal with my judgement of short films. The last one and "O" are the weirdest. "F" tho is indeed wtf worthy. 




 Its just no matter what theme I set those couple things stay green.

Edit: looks like it is only the black theme with the green everything. 




 Shit...I wouldnt have updated if I knew it would be like this. . .it feels so wrong. 




 Everything is green. Like the letters on the keyboard when I type, the loading bar in the internet browser, and who knows what else. I tried changing the theme to all black option, but that only fixed the HTC news reading list.

Is there some way to change it? 




 I give up. I cant find a mutant with the name: O______ R___ . . . 




 So do you get a family discount on the nights she works? 









 I'll only have enough PTO by then for one weekend (〒︿〒) 




 Part of the Outkast experience is also the dungeon family being apart of it, IMO.C-Bone was there so I got a little more than one third if anything. 




 You would think, but I'm so conflicted. I've already met and seen Big Boi in concert, so that's one half the Outkast experience. And then there is rumors this is Li's last album round. Considering I'm from Texas it's an additional 3 hours to ATL than Kansas City. 




 I'm looking for an album that is solid all the way through that would compliment the discography of those three. 
























 Just last night I finally decided to get a slime king summon....accidentally summoned it while deep undergound and he summoned in a different tunnel a little over from me, but was too far too reach and he dissappeared :/ 

Have they extended Health/mana cap by chance with this update? 




 So basically, I need to waot for a patch...hopefully in the next day, because apparently if you dont kill any monsters for a couple days you lose power points. 




 Grand Theft Auto 




 I instantly think of the Wallet App. . . 




 Really just got to follow your quest as well as possible. TONS of grinding. Grandpa Gohans house is your base. Senzu beans heal health and Ki. Wont be able to go everywhere on map until you advance in questlines. 




 They have a website, but it is i. Vietnamese. Guides translate well, but forum is mostly unreadable. 




 I was in the Grocery Store one time. I farted and shortly after a manager got called to the front. He just happened to walk through my aisle headed that way. 




 It would be cool if someone made an app that would do moving covers using a phone's tilt. 




 Shoot I called it Celebgate. 




 I was thinking superglue and foreskin, but that works too. 




 A lot of grinding, and it sometimes misclicks for me, but so far so good. 









 I mean if you are the 4chan subreddit at work after today's headlines.... 




 Here i was hoping for some Lykke Li....still cool tho 




 It is almost as if reddit as thousands of different people that are vocal about different topics. . .╮(╯▽╰)╭ 




 Do we know for a fact they were stolen? Whatif the recipient of a picture decided to sell? 




 Probably Sandman:Overture #1. The pseudo-identity/existential crisis was a really enjoyable read and then the art is amazing. 




 I only see it being worth it if you arwe going to get them signed and then stored away for a good quarter-century. 




 I'm tempted to get the Justice League Canada variants, just for the added talking point that this was gonna be the actual name. 




 Either Savage Hawkman or I, Vampire. I need more Andrew Bennett, but is really a toss up between the two. 




 While I prefer Fire and Verde, Mild isn't that bad of a hot sauce. 




 Per order. 




 A standard 4$, unless you have a 50$+ order, then it is free. 




 Everything I have gotten from them has been new. 




 I've actually enjoyed Ultimates along with the Miles Morales series. Of course I hadnt read anything before the new #1's 




 The next page in this issue...just did not see that coming. 




 A good resource for collecting books is instocktrades.com. They have most book that are available, with most at 40% discount and fairly regular sales.

I would also check out your local Halfprice Books. They usually have a decent selection of Graphic Novels which you can flip through to see if anything strikes your fancy.

One series I've personally enjoyed is Sandman by Vertigo. 




 One of my LCS bags their trades. 




 Just started this the other night after having it for months. Is a pretty fun rpg. has an occasional bug but still a good game.  




 Avalon HD, Ravensword 2, and Dragon Ball Online.

Got first two from a humble bundle a while back and enjoy both. I feel it was way too easy to get money in Ravensword (Just grind the goblin hideout and fast travel to it once cleared, at 60g per shield dropped by every goblin it didnt take long to max out on best gear available.

Found Dragon Ball on the play store. It isnt too bad, but still has a good amount of translation from Vietnamese to be had. 




 I thoroughly enjoyed The Lords of Salem. 




 I've had a friend get pulled over during one of these weekends and searched/everything for lighting a cigarette while passing a checkpoint lol 




 And then waste everyone's time and taxpayer resources, but meh I'm usually working during no refusal weekends so no problem for me. 




 Talked to ATT about 1.5 MBPS being my top speed available :/ 




 Any news on Big Boi's third solo? 




 Six Flags with give you discounted admission if you bring in a coke can. 




 And the warrant issuers are on-call to expediate the process during the no refusal weekend. 




 Imma just say this: Salvia is better than molly, but I'm a weird one.

Also, In n Out doesn't have the A1 Thick n Hearty. 




 Lol, but what if you aren't but still suspect ya been? 




 I liked the ones you mentioned. Vandal Savage was decent. 




 Following it because why not? And now with the Green Latern cross over I might finally read some latern books. 




 Apparently between present day and 5 years from now there is a giant superhuman war, which we haven't seen/heard much of yet. I assume with how this week ended we will get some more background on the war next issue. 




 I want a Captain Carrot Origin story. 









 Super dope interview. Even Dre goes through the moods. 




 9th dawn is a wonderful game. I keep finding myself going back to it. Just waiting for the big update before they release the sequel.  




 Yea sometimes they are rabbits in tights and capes. 




 I just noticed the other day that if felt like forever since the last issue came out. 




 I prefer the N52 Red Robin costume to the old one, but of course I first saw him in N52 before I read anything older so I kight just be biased. 




 Shoot I wish I got paid that well. Thats closer to 8 hours of work for me. . . 




 I wonder if it his natural lisp that we hear in the trailer. 




 I second that Burger Island is awesome. 




 They need to port Biomotor Unitron. 




 Hey just giving some words of hope here. Smoked weed for years and then started having voices and negative thoughts and vibes. It'll get better. Just make sure you are honest with your therapist. 

One thing that helped me is I statted reading. Now I am really into comic books and have quit smoking. If you fons yourself just missing the act of smoking try investing in an E cig. 




 I like the subtle shots fired at North West. . . 




 Who do I need to contact to get this standee at my theatre? 




 Nah mods just wants us all to start a #occupyISIS campaign. . . 




 I've never heard it....I know all the tracks on the extended edition of Pure Heroine, but google Play omitted No Better for some reason. . .only found out this today....:/ 




 Well that was a fun read. 




 TFW no XXXL  




 My ~~first~~ only time(s) was the Wolverine. She was all like "WTF how do you keep getting it up?" 




 Rings of Night 




 Nothing compared to the wait between Sandman: Overture issues. 




 Is hola available on mobile or tivo? Dont exactly got a PC. . . 




 East of West, Sandman: Overture, Justice League United, Harley Quinn, Elektra, and All New Ultimates. 




 If I live to 45 I will have outlived my father. Halfway there. . . 




 Last I heard he uses a vape now. 




 Yes someone please ELI5. . . 




 A1 thick and hearty, Jr. sized! 




 Not to mention free shipping for orders over 50$ in the US and select new releases each week for 50% off. 




 I had both on at same time, i think the subs are more detailed, but are still drastically different. 




 It may not be 1 in 5, but the triggering of severe psychosis is still a very real possibility. Predisposed or not. 




 It can have english dubs, but they hardly match the english subs at all. It is interesting to see the difference in scripts. 




 It was the third and supposedly final round of DC sales. Batman titles were like a month back. 




 Thought so, recognized the titles and the way they are packaged. Glad someone else was able to use that sale I posted :D. My orders come in monday and tuesday. 




 From an online sale? 




 What format did you read?

Opinion on I, Vampire? 




 Ummm...no? 




 Honestly, I would like to see the New 52 Amethyst made into a movie. 




 I just watched this on netflix not even a week ago. Such a great man. 




 You could probably find a vinyl usb recorder for like 20-30$ on amazon. Used to have one a couple years ago, but cat chewed up the arm. 




 I didnt have the first two issues for the longest time, but still had it on my pull list, so about a month ago got them and binged read 1-7, a most excellent story and I like how they short of give a shout out to the Future's End weekly when they mention the island that had over 90% of superhuman DNA 




 Shoot that too 




 I'd rather...you know, pay for the actual game. 




 Still waiting for the I-III port :/ 




 It being hard is the only reason I remember. 




 Was it in 1 or 2 where you had to combo into the teacup on a building? 




 This one replaced Hulk right? I don't like how they left the ending in #4...is just so wrong. 




 I want to say two weeks total, but I have no idea when it started this round. 




 Shoot I'm going for the Hawkman Archives, the Voodoo n52, watchmen and various Vertigo's myself....trying to cut down the list below $75... The DC sales this summer have been killer on the pocket lol. 




 One notable mention is the Watchmen HC print. 

Here is to hoping the sale is still around Thursday 









 There is a Lucifer vertigo series, which I am hIghly enjoying (just finished first trade collection), I believe it picks up after the events in Sandman Volume 4. I recommend reading those first four volumes of Sandman first, but not exactly necessary.

Now if I remember right, I think Lucifer Trades were originally printed in smaller collections, but were more recently put into thicker trades. A quick glance at the wiki page will help sort them out. 

If you enjoy Sandman, I recommend the Death Deluxe trade. It has both Death of the Endless' trades in it in addition to some other stories. One of my personal favorite books I've bought.

As for trigon, havent really read much on him.

EDIT:

Sandman Overture #3 just cameout last week and was quite wonderful IMO. Try to track down the first two issues. It isn't exactly on a regular release schedule, like several months between issues. 




 You said to explain cougars...you didnt say give a solid dissertation on the entymology of "cougar". . . 




 Older women having high libido, being so rare, it gets its own term, hence "cougar"? 




 Didn't she win a spot on All That? 




 Woah...waoh..woah...Desoto is nice. Now Lancaster on the other hand. . . 




 It is a moot point, I believe is what you meant. Your point still stands, tho. 




 mfw OP didnt go to /x/ and cum on runes. 




 It is sad I had to scroll so far to see any Luda.

"You see y'all got it all wrong like women in tuxedos / And comin up shorter than five Danny DeVitos"

 




 I always, for some reason, thought he said "Like Lieutenant Dan I'm broken." This is somuch better tho. 




 Side note...is Under the Skin really horror? Sci-fi suspense at best IMO 




 Or watch it next week at a participating Cinemark for $1. . . 
























 I could have sworn I read somewhere that Montana had a highway with no speed limit. 




 Apart from being a horror (several people think it is along the lines of Human centipede), it was poorly marketed. I saw zero trailers/standees/posters for it and I work at a major theatre chain. In fact they added the trailers a week before it came out. On top of that it has poor distribution. Many times I read on here that it is just too far away for people to go see, especially with less than spectacular reviews.

All in all almost no one I work with had heard of the movie release weekend and the ones that did are the ones that, like me, live on the internet.

 




 Its ok. I read dick quack too. 




 I used to have the DK Mode version of this picture :3 




 And? 




 I enjoyed episode one and have downloaded episode two, but have yet to start it.  




 Has there ever been a black Hawkman? 




 I really liked Spaceman. The whole trade is like 9 issues and was an interesting story. 




 Actually, I didnt play any version of this game until after high school. Twice I played "Never have I ever." first time I won due to being a virgin, by the second time I played I had lost it and was the first one out. 




 Has anyone here gone to a Lykke Li concert for her I Never Learn Tour? I thought it was pretty dope she used a couple Yeezy samples. Both from Send it Up. On sound check they kept using "We can send this bitch up, it can't go down" and then during the actual performance she used the beginning sounds from it.  




 Try finding one **in** your foreskin *shudder* 




 Well there is one way to find out. . . 




 Hulk and a coupme months between issues 4 and 5 being released I think. This is my first Hulk series and the premise is pretty cool. 




 Yes with a minor change. 




 I'd get a part time somewhere at a national Chain and see about transferring to Chicago. Most jobs seem to start off at minimum wage and the headstart on long journey on wage increases. 




 Was wondering if the new Godhead event is going to make the next Infinity Man and the Forever People issues 'unreadable', meaning I'll have to get the Latern issues in order to not be 100% lost. I don't really read Latern books (yet) and have so many other books on my pull list that I probably can't afford to get the whole Event's collection. 




 Linked to the failed breaker that was 6 seconds before o.0 




 Yea don't see it available in USA :/ 




 Mmhm...mmhm...I know some of these names /Kel 




 "I don't ever think about death / It's alright if you do, it's fine"




(Texas) 




 I think Vertigo's Spaceman would be tricky, but very rewarding if done right as a movie. 




 Probably need to select credit option next time before tapping. 




 They are making a Klarion ongoing that comes out in October, but I do agree we need more Dark (in addition to Edge) comics. 




 I wouldn't say NBC has the whole dark universe. They just announced FOX buying a Lucifer Pilot. 




 I would love to do reviews as I just started reading comics this year(after buying a good number from Google Play's 4$ sale), but I don't feel I am very articulate on top of the fact I don't pay any attention to writers/artists/etc...just the Characters involved and if they interest me at all. If any one has tips/guides on how to review I wouldn't mind contributing. 




 Or Absinthe and Grape Soda. 




 I was mixing Root Beer Liquer with Jaegermeister. Still wonderful. 




 Grape Soda and Absinthe. I kid you not. 




 I actually forgot Google Wallet had that feature. I mostly use the Google Card as a prepay. It seems, from various google pages, that the server would just write down the Gift Card number on your receipt and type it in themselves on their POS terminal. Any restaurant that has tap to pay would have it readily advertised, and off the top of my head can't think of a chain that isnt fast food that has that option. 




 implying every sperm isn't sacred. 




 The Dream of Cats is best Dream King.

 




 The whole premise of the story is that the JL has been resurrected. . 




 It was definitly the edition you read. 




 Considering she has an oscar, I do believe she gets paid to act. 




 I lost my virginity. 




 Or his virgin lenses on. . . 




 I recommend it, especially if you enjoyed Sandman. I've only read Book One, but have Book Two on the shelf waiting for me to catch up on my queue.

I particularly liked his interactions with various other Angels and Deities of rival underworlds. His reputation of being cunning/deceiving/one step ahead is definitly not played down. 




 Batman Eternal weekly has been rather enjoyable. It is about 1/3 rd over I believe 




 So is this Swamp Thing-esque hulk gonna be a thing now? 




 I'm wondering how the Valiant Masters from the 15$ option fit into it all also. 




 I like how I started at the bottom of your list with Rai #1 ╮(╯▽╰)╭ 




 I am loving the fact most(All?) Marvel books cost the same or more than DC's 3D covers this month. 




 I wanna read a Graphic novel adaption of it now. 




 Just a flashback sequence. Nothing rather explicit. 




 Not a lot of torture by any means. 




 I started a sinister laugh when he was revealed in he movie. 




 People who feel entitled to piss on the seat/floor/wall/toilet paper just because 1/5th of our urinals are Out of Order.

Also the other managers not making sure the night Janitors are fully stocked on supplies before they clock out for the night. 




 I quit listening to game music back in my GBA days. Nothing is more annoying to me now. Even games with awesome soundtracks, one play and I just cant stand to hear it any more. 




 My main LCS had a closing clearance where they had their entire stock at 50% for cash. I got from them Gaiman's Black Orchid, New 52 Flash vol. 1, HC Batman: Earth One (can't wait for next May to continue it), a Venom Might Paper Wallet, New 52 Redhood and the Outlaws vol. 4, and Larfleeze Vol. 1. I would have got some various Green Latern trades but I was between paydays and short on cash.

At my new main LCS I found a Mint New 52 Static Shock for retail price, which is a steal compared to Amazon and considering getting their other copy as an investment. 




 Shoot over to Instocktrades and you could add a couple more. 




 I've been eyeing it on my LCS shelf, but didnt want to jump in so far along. This bundle let me catch up for way cheaper. 




 I think I busted in her during round one a little bit, before pull out. But during round two and three I pulled out fast enough....I think. Don't judge me it was my first time and no babies 16 months later.

I saved a near-nude pic my college roommate's girlfriend had on Facebook for no longer than a minute at like 5 in the morning. No I wasnt just going through her page. It just showed up on the frontpage, of course I saved it, but then a minute later, as I was contemplating hitting Like, it was gone. Right place at the right time I guess.  




 My old WoW guild had a rule for no Levitation during raids. I once botched a boss pull because the secondary tank was Levitated by me and couldn't charge in, because I did it last second :3

At my job we have to check the first aid kit daily, because I didn't realize a cream was expired and lost several % points on an Audit.  




 I mean...that wasnt that bad...from the tits down that is. . . 




 I just hope they build on what is hinted about Dr. Fate in the Future's End weekly. 




 The Future's End for JLD is next week, as for the actual story, I've only kept up with the first three traded, but immensly enjoyed it. 




 I still need to read it, Thursday was payday and had to work most of it. 




 I would choose The Sandman: Dream County trade. I know it isn't one story/arc, but four short stories, including my single favorite ""A Dream of a Thousand Cats." (Only single issue that has ever made me actually cry) I feel it really shows how great Gaiman is. Not to mention "A Midsummer Night's Dream" being the only Comic to win a World Fantasy Award. 




 I like to think the Humble Book Bundles had a hand in getting people to start picking up Trades. I know that is why I keep up with Saga, Lazarus, and East of West. Ever since the Image Bundle I've been hooked on those. 

Shoot just now bought the Valiant Bundle, and if everything seems good, I'll be picking trades from them. 




 First Kanye featured with Lykke Li and Santigold on N.A.S.A 's Gifted, now Kanye with Lorde might happen. I can die happy once this happens. 




 And didn't Lorde say that Kanye was someone she admires/inspired by, or something like that? 




 One can hope. 




 There is also the fact that hearing something live at the concert can be drastically different than a live concert recording. 




 Actually there are one or two additional tracks in addition to the Love Club EP on the Pure Heroine Extended. . .one of which is missing from the Google Play Store version. 




 If two or more devices cannot stream netflix, while another watches youtube, then it is deemed unliveable.  




 I guess rating more things that you do like might help. 




 Someone tell that to ATT, who charge me $40 for 1.5 mbps, which is the fastest possible apparently. 




 I wouldnt mind hopping back into runescape if this comes to bd. 




 Maybe we dont know that yet. He is still gone and apparently is not even aware of this.

 




 I can only imagine the reactions from the more conservative part of america....

It would be cool if they did the storyline of Morpheus cutting off his wings and his search for them later...perhaps linking up with Joseph Gordon-Levit's Sandman movie. 




 Acension is a good one. 




 Go bar hopping, with UBER as your DD. 




 Sword of Scorcery Vol. 1  




 Yea....didn't Super Saiyan God just get added to  DBZ canon this past year? 




 Terraria has a good number of achievements. 




 When is Arrow Season 2 supposed to come out on netflix? I read somewhere it was today but still isnt there :/ 




 I still have about 15 Trades or so to read still....their sales are too juicy to pass up sometimes. 




 Perfum: Story of a Murderer.

It is just so good. 




 My roommate slept with his girlfriend every night and had this pillow. Your argument is invalid. 




 They have a disclaimer somewhere saying that oversales can happen, but yea it would be nice if they gave a personal update when it happens. If you check your current orders you can see which items are picked and scanned. I mean unless you ordered just 1, then it is a matter of waiting. 




 Umm...link? 




 Are you telling me that you don't have this pillow? I'm 23 and I have it in my linen closet....if I used pillows, this would be the one. 




 Sometimes they have to reorder stock through their supplier, which used to take a couple days alone. IST recently moved closer to them so that would only delay your order by a day or so. 




 Well....this is my first time seeing this post...so yea 




 I've been ordering books from them since beginning of the year. Never had any issues with them. This one time I accidentally ordered a book I had previously ordered. I noticed before they sent my package and they were willing to exchange it for a different of same price.

I hear they recently changed locations, so hopefully lower waiting times for delivery. 




 They bag and board their comics carefully. I've ordered a couple times from them with no problem. 




 Empire Ants by The Gorillaz. Every time I listen to it, I get chills. 




 I keep my cards in the back pocket so it slides to the side instead of up. 




 I just redeemed about 50+ codes yesterday. Only had a handful like this, but not nearly as bad. ╮(╯▽╰)╭ 









 I think it depends on what  planet he is on. We see this in Justice League United.  




 I've enjoyed Acension.

 




 I didnt update it and can run it just fine. So server is ok. 




 Changed my first bulb in a theatre projector. It is like handling a bomb. Shit is intense. 




 How about a spot for the priest that likes to levitate others randomly?  




 They need to put some Constantine back in Vertigo IMO 




 I would like to read a Death of Constantine book... 




 Didn't moot just add the catalog like last year? 




 I pay 42$/month for 1.5 MBPS from ATandT. I've talked to them and that is the fastest physically possible for my address. 




 And have to redo all my achievements, games linked, not to mention every purchase beyond games? Are you dense?

It is simply a matter of not wanting certain online personas of mine beinf linked to more public accounts of me.  




 I'm not dissing Google+, in fact I wish it was more active amongst my acquaintances, it just I'd rather remain as anonymous as possible on the select forums I choose to participate.  




 Shoot I am almost to my second set of 10gems from daily kills....imma see if it loads for me when I get home, havent updated it yet. 




 I would post mine, but it is my actual name...and yea not trying to link my reddit account in case I have friends lurking around the subreddits i frequent. 
























 And this is how you get a campus shooting guys :/ 




 Pre-orders on Google Play are billed at time of pre-order and are available to download the moment they are released. A Free Pre-order is no different than a Free Album in the store other than the wait time. 









 Just that video has over 55,151,922 views,. At a 1:39 length that is a whopping 5,460,040,278 minutes, or 91,000,671.3 hours or 3,791,694.637 days, or 10,388.204485 years of this guy jamming out to Numa Numa. 




 I could never beat the Driver you have to race before the heist in GTA: Vice City.  




 Considering your account seems like throwaway anyways...what does it matter? 




 Doesn't this also mean that 9th Dawn will be getting the Graphics Update as well? 




 Deer God and Exile are both decent games with a lot of potential. Aralon and Ravensword are both excellent RPGs that can consume a good amount of time, but have been in previous bundles. Mines of Mars is a pretty fun game and is along the lines of Terreria. Pocket RPG and 8bit Cowboy are also decent. Those are only ones I've tried so far. So 7 entertaining games for $8 is a steal. 




 1, 2, and 3 are part of a trilogy with 3 being a prequel to the first two. Most don't like 1 nowadays, simply because it is very linear and basic. 2 is not as linear and introduced the party system. 3 has an excellent class system and is the strongest of the first three. 4 and 8 are both solid titles as well. 

Honestly I would start with 3 and if you want to learn more of that particular storyline 1 and then 2. I'm personally waiting for DQ7 to be ported. 




 Any know if they kept the leveling bug in it? 




 One thing I didn't see is that the Cinemark West Plano was that they were one of only a handful of cinemas across the nation to have the Barco Escape for The Maze Runner. Not sure if it a regular thing or not, but at least is note worthy. 




 Someone with a dated PC. 




 At a local half-price books they had to seperate the Religion and Occult/Paranormal Studies into seperate aisles. Apparently someone got upset that they were so close together. 




 Recording on Tivo counts as a view right?

Usually I am off work Friday Nights and have been watching every New Episode live, but this week I habe to recors it. 




 I have really enjoyed the Secret Origins series so far. Each issue has a retelling of 3 different Character's origins.  




 Future's End #0 was this year's Free Comic Book Day issue and I believe is still free digitally if you want to get the premise of Future's End 




 I'd tend to agree with keeping the series' format uniform, however if you think you will ever resell, hardcover is the way to go. Hush tends to be on sale digitally quite frequently, if you ever go that route that is. 




 Very heavy on the hints toward the Court of Owls. 

"So deep in the maze, you can't see over the walls."

Wouldn't mind seeing the next season skip ahead a year or two, but highly unlikely. 




 Moved a little fast, but I enjoyed it. 




 I liked it (´･_･`) 




 Would love to see a Constantine Secret Origins story by this artist. 




 New 52 Hawkman in an Absolute Edition encompassing Vol. 1 and 2. 




 Is it just me or is the storey telling getting better as more issues come out? 




 "Haters gonna hate and Ain't-ers gonna Ain't." 




 Get a Google Wallet account. That should be enough i think 




 I thought DC published the Godzilla Awakening Grapich Novel for the newest movie. 




 We should be add some Pro-Sihkism in there somewhere. 




 Well there is Google Wallet, but I believe that is only US. 




 Lasers on your legs? 




 Doing inventory at work, the lockscreen calculator helped a lot. 




 And not a single comment here has the Zippo picture. . . 




 My friend and I just bought new belt buckles at a Mall Kiosk. He decides to sit down right at the nearest bench and change it out. It just happened to be right in front of a Victoria's Secret. He was very oblivious and I saw a cop or two looking at him from the second floor of the mall while talking on their radio. Chuckles were had. 




 Because number 180+ is the front page. 




 I, Vampire and All Star Western were/are both great. 




 Justice League ~~Canada~~ United. I would replaced Equinox with Static. 




 Internet Provider not protocol. 




 You said kill myself, presumably because I said I only use my phone as my browser. My rebuttal was that there is no point in upgrading to a PC if my IP is Shit. 




 There's no point in getting a PC , if the highest speed I get is 1.5mbps. 




 JLD and Savage Hawkman were my first comics. Bought during last winter's Google Play sales. Always liked Hawkman from the cartoons and have always been a sucker for anything about Magic. 




 But my only browser is my phone. . . 




 She lost me after ducks. 




 You 8 the b8 




 I stopped at a gas station in the middle ofTexas off the Pickle Parkway toll road during a 9 hour road trip in middle of night. I bought a monster energy drink. The gas station clerk said don't open that in our parking lot and grow horns now. . . 




 Can confirm. First female I was with had Keira Knightley sized boobs, and I have larger moobs. 




 Find me a passage where Squirtle is a better choice than Charmander. 




 Shoot I still have posters that day Coming in September. Was so disappointed it never came out. 




 There are some Hellraiser comics in the Humble Book Bundle currently. In addition there is a Current run called Hellraiser: Bestiary. 




 Turns out I'm mostly Green with a side of Democrat. Here's to getting someone that represents me in my lifetime. 




 In the 8months since I upgraded phones I have gotten 10.83$ in rewards from 43 surveys, with 7 giving 0$ and 3 months where I only got two surveys. Only broken the 50¢ barrier 4 times (60¢, 66¢ and 2x 1$). I dont have the stats from before I upgraded for who knows what reason, which is weird considering it is going into the same account. 




  When is ~~television~~ America going to grow the fuck up?

FTFY
 




 Well the Annotated Sandman vol. 3 recently came out, so you could get the penultimate set for just ~70$ 

I suggest Sword of Scorcery Vol. 1: Amethyst, it is New52, but is fully contained in just this trade and was an excellent read. I really enjoyed All Star Western and coming up this next week or two I believe Animal Man's final trade (vol 5) comes out, so you could get the whole run in one go and have one free book to spare.

Batman Earth One was a really good read, along with Black Mirror and Noel.

For Vertigo, I really liked Spaceman by Brian Azzarello and the Deluxe edition has a nice hardcover on it. The Death Deluxe trade is also a nice collection about that particular Endless member. 100 Bullets just got Book One released (kinda like multiple trades in one).

Of course, if you can afford it, I'd go for the various Event Omnibuses that are out there.

All in all, make sure you compare final costs to other discount sites like instocktrades, since occassionally the other sites will still be cheaper. 

I personally been needing to get caught up on GLs and the Flash and this sale is gonna help me out 




 23 and had to call in once and had to go in for the second time. Actually got chosen and had to come back about 3 times. 




 implying someone would post their own email in a screenshot to a raid post 




 I'm sure someone on 4chan has done this. 




 Play Books has some comics for 2-3$ each currently. Notably Vampire Hunter D, Buffy Season Eight, Hellboy 




 I thought they said Constantine wasn't gonna smoke at all in the series. . . 




 Deus Deus Deus

Really? 




 The sushi bar I go to has a tip jar for the chef. I always try to tip the chef the same if not more than waiter. 




 But who is filming the Cameramen?! 




 Barely. Shitty law is shit. Voter ID laws shouldn't be so strict. He was clearly the man on the voter card. 




 The man had all sorts of ID, just not the "correct" type of ID. He more than proved who he said he was. 




 If we are lucky there will be a Marathon at the theatre. 




 He can do a dozen bad movies in a row and I will still go see anything in theatres with him. Just got mad respect/admiration for the man. Him and Shia Labeouf. 




 Got Scheduled to work during the Constantine Premiere so cant wait to get home to watch the recording.

Finally got Forever Evil#5 so going through that event now.

I desparetly need to cut down my pull list at my LCS. Spending about $100 every two weeks depending on what comes out just on single issues. Most of it is DC, but have various independents getting pulled, including Two Clive Barker's, a couple Image, and various Marvel, mostly like everything Spiderman, Hulk, and Xmen single character issues (Cyclops, Nightcrawler, etc. ..). Just cutting down what I want to keep reading is difficult.  




 One could only hope.  




 Are we just going to pretend the Lion King level didn't exist? 




 I have like 3-4 of those monster rancher sets opened. I could only find them at KB Toys. 




 Totally clicked it with no incognito on my phone. 




 It sounds like it is almost a retelling. 




 I might have to save up for that Lost Cut. Just read up on it and looks very interesting. 




 Anyone keeping up with Hellraiser: Bestiary or Nightbreed? Nightbreed feels like a Mature version of Inhuman and I like it. Also in the issue two of Bestiary, I thought the story with the cube opening being streamed online was a fun little short. 




 I found the first two episodes of Scorpion pretty cheesy with their Nerd Tropes and what not, but it is turning out decent. 




 If anything make sure to get shipping insurance I guess. 




 What you described is shutting down everything. 




 So we should have pulled a Madagascar and shut down everything? Rrrriiiiiggghhhttt....I think you're the one smoking something. 




 Catholicism doesn't deny any science at all. . . 




 I was thinking Gosling as Deadshot and Smith as Black Manta.  




 ~$60 every two weeks. 




 What if Suicide Squad is them hunting down the would be prisoner's? 




 Keep an eye on Google Play Books. They occassionally have very good deals for Digital Editions. The other month I got the Walking Dead Compendiums for a little over $10 combined. At 1000 pages each that is a steal. The Big Publishers usually have good sales around the holidays. 




 Too bad I don't get paid until thursday :/ 




 Not to mention .compact still sees the downvote arrows. 




 That and English adaptions of foreign films. 




 Sounds like a nice retreat. 




 In the gameboard mini game sometimes it would glitch and give you a massive amount of lvl ups with whatever character you were using. 




 Here is to hopeing they keep the leveling bug in DQ3. 




 I think the sugar would cause you to salivate too much to be effective, but who knows it might work. 




 Why couldn't they go the route of Sandman Overture and done the normal comic then a little while later a Special Edition with all those extras? 




 I mean were you just board hopping by typing in random names or something? 




 Well, A.Dd+ has been compared to Outkast before by newspapers. 




 Looking for similar songs to Never by The Roots. 




 I have a fleeting suspicion that post no. 2 was you OP. 




 Yea only reason to start smoking is to talk to that cute girl during smoke breaks at work that you otherwise wouldn't see around. 




 And for mobile? 




 I don't see any problem with it considering they didn't cost any more than marvel books. 




 Ok how did it choose scissors? 




 I wasn't talking about their headphones one bit . 




 Wasn't big boi going to do some more collabs with Little Dragon or Phantogram? 




 I don't care about beats one way or another. Boomsound is just a good an application as Beats Audio. I just thought it was an interesting parallel/coincidence/whatever. It was just one phone generation back that HTC had a partnership with them. 




 Funny thing about what you said is Beats got bought out by Apple and HTC used to have Beats Audio features in their phones. 




 It's all about that quarter game. 




 Sorry about that. Thought I had pulled the one straight off the Google Search Engine. 





























 I know the Cinemark chain will have cheap refills for marathon ticket holders.

I desperatly want to go to this, but my Boss is out of town for a convention that week so I will probably have to work the premier night. 




 There will be a complimentary motel room and shuttle service. 




 I thought she did well in it, but figured it was inevitable. 




 Epfay? 




 Mario on the Gameboy. Shit was frustrating as hell at 5 years old.

Either that or Oregon Trail on the mac.  




 I finally found the manga I read, it is called Batman Death Mask. It is a pretty crazy story about what seems to be a demon living in a Kabuki mask. 




 I just started watching it T.T 









 Love this movie. Highly suggest it. 




 If we can somehow get an update to this is like 10-20 years that would be awesome. 




 Growing up in Texas, I assure you just about everyone here loves Jackie Chan. 




 Any read the Manga I think was called Blank? Only had one vol ever made :/


I know it says no DC talk, but i did one time read a Batman Manga that actually covered some of the time he trained in Japan. 




 Tell him he has to walk around back to the Garage since the front door is broken. 




 This just in. . .Sandman Movie is about a man who sells mattresses. 




 He still has his cash iirc...it is just frozen. 




 Sandman Overture. 




 It is a nice mustache. 




 I was thinking the same thing. It would be a whole lot easier for DC to make an animated Dark Universe series. 




 This. So much this. Bring back the art style of He-Man for Amethyst. 




 Anyone else disappointed the Wonder Twins in JL3k didn't end up being these wonder twins? 




 The second issue after his dad comes back has a bit a feels in it. 




 Not currently, no. I am reading Supreme Blue Rose. 




 I'm not even sure what I read in Divinity! 




 #3 came out this past week and I had to drive across the metroplex to find a copy. 




 [Album](http://imgur.com/a/fynBk)

My local shops all seemed to run out of Divinty #1 so had that ordered. Same with The Valiant #2. I really need to remember to add items to my pull list.

Didn't realize the Ant-Man movie Prelude part 1 was already out so got me a copy.

Ordered the Auxiliary Cover for Lady Death Apocalypse #1. Always wanted to check out the series, but never felt like playing catch up. This issue really summed it up well.

Ordered Sandman Vol. 6-9, finally completeing my collection (I already had vol. 10 when a shop had a closing sale). Have five trades to binge read now.

Swamp Thing N52 Vol. 5 came in same order (which I placed 1 week before IST had a massive DC sale T.T) It is an excellent story and can't wait for vol. 6.

Last is Sandman #19. Found at a local shop when I was searching for my favorite issue (#18). It is the corrected version, but is still a very fine issue.  




 I only have Android. The show is doomed T.T 




 Ok so I need to go stream the episodes that are available on hulu 24/7 for 2 months?  




 All the DC shows. Havent decided to binge watch Marvel's yet. Don't have cable so waiting for Walking Dead S5 to come on Netflix.

On a side note, if Supernatural ever ends I would love a comic book continuation. 




 Unbreakable 2 




 I always wanted to buy an Action Comics #1 and make origami out of the pages. I think it would make a great Art Exhibit. 




 Nice OpSec yo! 




 Longer deeper hits while having the lighter burning it. If your bic wont stay lit try getting a torch lighter or a cheap one you can rig to get a bigger flame. 




 I cam see Gross being 2nd season's Big Bad since Reverse Flash seems to be where it is gonna end this season. 




 If you haven't read them yet, The Death Deluxe trade has some good stories. 




 Such a good story. 




 Morpheus is the Dreamiest. 




 ohh ohh Jerome. 
ooh ohh Jerome 

I'm screamin' at nothin Jerome 
You got me for nothin Jerome 

ohh ohh Jerome. 
ooh ohh Jerome  




 I usually go a couple days between reading sessions. I'll always finish a single issue right then if I start it. I'll read a few at a time, but if I notice myself drifting off I will finish the issue I am on and take a nap (reading tends to knock me out, even comics). I have no real preference on singles vs trades. Occassionally I'll read a whole trade in one sitting, just depends on how well it sucks me in.  




 Sensodyne is an amazing toothpaste for sensitivity 




 The back camera is crazy clear and doesnt take long at all to get a crystal focus. Never really used the selfie camera. 




 For the longer movies 10 more minutes for intermission isn't going to affect the number of showings. A 3 hour movie with 15 minutes of trailrrs and 30 minutes minimum between the ending and starting of a movie in a particular auditorium, gives you 225 minutes between start times. Say they open at 9am and close at 11pm, that gives you 14 hours to schedule as many as possible. You still only get 3 showtimes in one auditorium. 10 more minutes for an intermission per movie won't really change that. Now if it's for a two hour movie the intermission will cut into potential showtimes. 




 Well, we are just 15 years from the next 30's. It may just be time to bring it back. 




 Tuesdays right after Flash. 




 Have a little Scottie Young Hulk or Iron Man in the corner holding a sign with how many minutes left in the intermission while doing a little jig. I would pay a premium to get that kind of intermission in long movies. 




 I wouldnt ming them doing Seasons like those of Sherlock. Give us a couple of really good 2 hour episodes each season and I'll be happy. 




 Not that I drive drunk or anything, but Uber needs to service further south. Desoto isnt even on the map to them. 




 Anyone have any experience with any of these titles? Not too fond of BandW comics, but a deal is a deal if they are good stories. 









 I agree, when he ends up on Earth 2 I started enjoying the book again. 




 If you can find the album at walmart it will be the clean version. Thats wherr I bought it back in Jr. high amd was promptly disappointed. However going back the the Speakerboxx edited version, it is pretty funny. My copy of Lovr Below was stolen for some reason. . . 




 Majority of my DC pulls cancelled T.T 




 He couldve put unlicensed pharmacist. 




 Try scanning your whole machine for picture files.  




 I got mine and noticed little other than ATandT bloatware.  




 Meh 




 Good Lorde is my only saviour. 




 Linkme: Assembly of Worlds 




 Well we are in the Android subreddit ... 




 It goes about as far south as Oak Cliff. 




 Well Uber is now ATandT bloatware it seems. I hear good things about the service, but will probably never use it since it doesn't service the suburb I live and work in just south of Dallas.

Linkme: Uber 




 Timelapse of the Great Pyramids being built. 




 Because it is my birthday today of course. 




 Isn't the first trailer going on 6 years old? 




 Lord Andrew Bennett. Just a Vampire Badass. Had his own series called I, Vampire at the beginning of the New 52. Was also in JLD for a little bit. 




 I've only played three of them. Heroes of Steel is a fairly standard RPG, but still pretty fun. Star Traders is a neat Space Captain game. Star Traders 4X Empires is in same realm as Star Traders, but way more macro where you control all the factions more or less. Takes some getting used, but is pretty decent. 




 I'm not familiar with tablets, but Play Music has an option to move all files to the SD card. 




 That list is like half my DC pulls :/ 




 On 5, my friend wanted to get high for the first time. So we made a night out of it. He wasn't sure if he was feeling it so I put on Justice Cross over a decent pair of gaming headphones. The moment Genesis started he knew he was high and loved the album even more than before.

On 9, sometimes you might not know you are susceptible to Cannabis-induced Psychosis until it is too late. Know your family's medical history, folks. I used to be a heavy smoker and now I can barely be in the same room as someone smoking. 




 Was actually visiting family down in the valley. Never thought my first White Christmas would be in South Texas. 




 Either The Lightbringer's Wings or Dream's Mask. No oarticular reason. 




 They'll likely mail a check.  




 It took me a week. 




 This happened to me last year for a Comic on Play Books, Went from like 14$ to just $4. I just submitted a request for refund and Google didn't mind helping me out in the refund. I even put the reason as "I bought this right before it went on sale". I then bought the comic plus a couple more with the savings. 




 Crazy encoding with theatre specific keys. Shoot, even if you record it while it is playing the MPAA has ways to find out exactly which theatre you were at. 




 My theatre was told to put the advertising instorage. And yea movies is usually delivered the day before over the internet and sometimes by harddrive. 




 Most Cinemas never close short of power outages. 




 You must be related to that Chocolate Chip puddin he gave out. . . 




 Dallas too for the Central TimeZone. Whenever I visit different parts of the country for a week or so, I always seem to miss shows I was trying to watch. It just seems so weird to think that 8pm is THE timeslot when being raised around 7pm 




 8pm Eastern Time Zone and 7pm Central Time Zone 




 https://www.humblebundle.com/?gift=H8XxqPmnYXntd6nT

Have at it folks. 




 I've been using Best App Sale. They recently updated to include Xbox Games.

Linkme: Best App Sale 




 Earlier this year I nabbed them both for a total of like $11. First was ~$4 and the second ~$7. So this $10 is probably not a mistake. 




 I wonder if Google Play will be having a similar sale like last year. I scored Animal Man 1-3, Swamp Thing 1-3, Teen Titans 1-3, Red Hood 1-3, Both Hawkman, JL 1 and 2, JLI 1, JLD 1-2, Batman Inc 1, DC Universe Presents 1, and I, Vampire 1 all for like $4 each. Got me started in the Comic World. If it is just a bunch of Vol. 1's I'll be a little disappointed, but a deals a deal when you still got more stuff to read. 




 Oh I definitly have it. In 10 months I've earned $11.87 which i used it on Heroes of Steel Elite on sale, Darkside of the Moon when it was 99¢, and other sales. Only got 87¢ currently. 




 I've been waiting for DQ VIII to go on sale, too bad it is between paydays :/ 




 I wouldnt be surprised if Sony gave thr Movie Chain CEOs a heads up that they were going to pull the movie before acrually announcing. Letting the initial shock/blame go to the Cinemas is a lot better than the alternative of Sony taking all the blame at onve. 




 I imagine he would be in charge of coordinating all the others. 




 Yea theatres were told to put Interview Ad Materiels in storage for now, so there is some hope.

Source: I work at a theatre. 




 I actually dont mind the portrait. Sure it is different from practically every other game on store, but being able to play with one hand is nice. 




 Cancer posts are cancer. So both you and I are cancer. 




 No go for HTC One M8 :/ 




 I'm offended you assumed just because I am on reddit that I am a young, white, male teen. 




 No actual Genre menus on the Tivo app, apart from what they choose to let you see. :/ 




 Oh no, the lady and I definitly had a Cera moment. I just got out of there before I saw husband's reaction. 




 Not really no. 




 Dragon Quest 3 has a quick save slot so you can do spurts of grinding when you have the time during the day. This is the only Dragon Quest game where you can decide the class od your party members, so the options of how you want to play is excellent. 




 The other day at work a guest dropped something and we both bent down to pick it up. Face full of cleavage and her husband right next to us. I just turned away and wished them a good day. 




 Or do the opposite so this lady can stay in jail? 




 So is Shadowman going to be Continuing? Just finished the 5 trades and about to read the Punk Mambo One shot and loved it all.

Half way through Supernatural season 9 after starting the series two months ago. I'm really regretting not recording the 10th season as it airs. 




 The art is absolutely stunning. 




 I can get one but not the other at the moment. Which one should I pick? 




 Me too, considering I was in the stoner crowd for the last half of high school. I was more into The Orb and various House music. 




 I was just on sale for 99¢ the other week. Ivknow I bought since I never listened to it. I imagine the sale helped with the rankings. 
























 *DC/Vertigo*

**Convergence #1**

**Convergence Nightwing and Oracle #1**

**Convergence Titans #1**

**Convergence Question #1**

*Dynamite*

**Masks 2 #1**

**Reanimator #1**

*Image*

**Savior #1** Raised religious, but the solicit sound like another "What if there was a superhuman among us" type comic.

*Marvel*

**Ant-Man #4**

**Captain Mavel #14**  Black Vortex (I hate having to add more comics to my pull due to cross-overs)

**Darth Vader #4** Decent enough so far

**Deadpool #45** "Death" of Deadpool. What's $10 (minus 15% pull list discount) for a "milestone" comic?

**Hulk #14**

**Miles Morales Ultimate Spider-Man #12** Started at #1 so why stop now?

**Spider-Man 2099 #11**

*Boom! Studios*

**Sleep Hollows Origins #1** Followed the show somewhat so decided to check this out

*Valiant* 

**Imperium #3** As always I enjoy Valiant and this is no exception

**Rai #8**  I need to re-read it all, but have still enjoyed it.

I really should start limiting my budget. . .Looking through the replies only a couple have as much or more than me, which is probably not a good sign. 




 I don't a single one of these minus Saga in trade form. . . 




 Comixology is having a massive sale on Crossed. I was wondering which runs are worth getting. 




 Well to be fair many states just require you to be 18 to be able to serve alcohol. 




 If they put as much work into their movies as they do their comic books (as in I can't find a single issue I dislike) then I can't wait for their movies. 




 It is kinda how everyone jokes Batman's power is that he **is** Batman.  




 Yea thats the Beowulf I am thinking about. 




 Not to mention overwhelming the wallet. 




 Did Beowulf ever show up? I kinda sorta remember reading a Beowulf feature in the New 52 DC presents that involved Camelot. 




 Spaceman by Vertigo. 




 And in Eureka7 there is a character named Stoner. . . 




 Hopefully Del Toro can be a producer at least. 




 Nope you are not alone. 




 Exactly. Post Convergence isnt New 52 anymore. 




 There were also Futures End One-Shots of most titles, but very few linked up at all to the main weekly and for the ones that did it wasn't anything significant.  




 I think it may still be a possibility since isn't DC dropping "New 52" post-Convergence? 




 How about plastic man? Could be like a rival Kirby or something. . . 




 So did anyone else notice similarities between Locus and Fifty Sue? Their powers seem very similar. . .

On a side note: The last time we see Sue she has entire DNA vault in her possession. So would it be possible at some point she decides to join back with Cadmus? 




 It did sort of have a set up for Justice League 3000. We get the explanation of how Cadmus is having DNA of most Superhumans.  




 Is Gemworld ever gonna have a new series? 




 **NEW 52 FUTURES END #48** 




 A decent setup of what is to come. 




 I want Babs and Jason to be a thing :/ 




 This was my first Doctor Who Comic and I surprisingly enjoyed it. 




 **DOCTOR WHO 9TH DOCTOR#1** 




 There was an Anderson Psi-Division mini series IDW finished not too long ago. I really enjoyed that one. 




 That doesn't bother me one bit. I guess I will check it out. 




 Well the Vertigo Quarterly went for this much. 




 How is this series? I've been thinking of playing catch up. 




 I didn't see that coming regarding who Wells is/was. . . 




 Yea man, when you hit that Speed Force...it is like you become a part of something greater than yourself. 




 ...but Sandman links up with Lucifer. . . 




 2nd to last issue...can't wait to read it. 




 Gonna pick up issue 15 forward tomorrow. Thanks for the heads up! 




 I thought I read an article a year or so back stating they had to redesign the Batsuit somewhat because there was an issue of mobility. . . 




 I really enjoyed it and they did a good job character building. I lucked out and my LCS still had one copy left, but I am not sure I added to my pull list so I have to get there early tomorrow. By the looks of it you can still get it at IDW's website. 




 Evangelion was one of the first Anime I watched :3 




 I ended up getting Wonder Woman, Batgirl, Batwoman, and Supergirl from this sale. I enjoyed them all, but Batwoman had several 2 page spreads that at times made reading difficult. 




 Make sure to check out Lucifer. Also a good series. 




 * Batman Eternal #52

* Convergence #0

* Names #8

* New 52 Futures End #48

* Blood Queen vs Dracula #2

* Project Superpowers Blackcross #2

* Citizen of the Galaxy #2

* Neverboy #2

* Amazing Spiderman #17

* Cyclops #12

* Return of the Living Deadpool #3

* Spider-Gwen #3

* Uncanny Inhumans #0

* Doctor Who 9th Doctor #1

* Lady Death Apocalypse #3

* Puppet Master #1

It is gonna be an expensive week ╮(╯▽╰)╭ 




 Umbral is a favorite by Image.

Citizen of the Galaxy by IDW #2 gets released this week and I really enjoyed the first issue. 




 Hoping Shadowman is a main player in this one. 




 When I found out that you can take college courses, while in high school, for credit towards both, I was a little pissed off. It would have saved not only time, but also money. 




 It is mostly single issues, but they are pretty fast in releasing volumes. As for the Scribd service, I am not sure how they have them on there. 




 I really enjoyed Rai, Eternal Warrior, and Shadowman. The latter have concluded, but Rai is ongoing. Honestly, I havent found a Valiant comic that I do not like yet and I've started most of them. Check out Scribd for a near complete collection of Valiant comics in digital form. Occasionally Valiant will have a Humble Bundle. 




 Just waiting until the Tula Lotay Art Book drops on April 1st. I really enjoyed the comics she has been a part of and would love to get something like this of hers. 




 Since I don't mind digital, Marvel Unlimited is an excellent resource. Even if it is single issues at a time. 




 At the end of 2013 Google play had a **massive** sale of N52 trades, which is actually what got me into comics. Like 3 or 4$ each. Just keep checking there each week to see if anything is on sale. One time they had The Walking Dead Compendium (Yes the huge collections) 1 and 2 for less than 10$ total. 




 Definitly the Death: Deluxe Edition. Excellent stories about Death of the Endless (Sandman Mythos). It is such a good deal for all it has. 




 Ohhhh this may explain why Supergirl Vol. 2 is not on the play store. 




 Is it on Netflix or Hulu yet? 




 I figure it is a 4:1 shot a BvS trailer (even just a teaser) debuts with the Avengers 2 movie. I mean would DC really give up such an oppurtinity to advertise on one of this year's biggest releases? 




 I sure wished I did, but I am one of those souls that must read every series from the beginning even tho I consider jumping in at N52 not a bad start. Considering I started with comics in December 2013, I don't think I will ever catch up.
 




 I am trying to decide between Wonder Woman, Supergirl, and Batwoman. Might go ahead and do all three, but the other titles such as American Vampire and even Fables and Ghost are hard to choose from. I might just have to go by a pages/cost ratio to decide.

Either way, I **highly**  recommend the Death: Deluxe Edition. I have the physical copy and it is still a such an amazing deal on such a good story collection (even if you are completely new to Neil Gaiman's Sandman and the Endless Mythos) that I am considering buying it in digital form, which at just 1¢ a page is a massive steal. 









 Considering Image is way faster than DC/Marvel in getting their trades out after the last issue in it, I am not surprised. 




 I second Outcast. Apparently the series Weaveworld is pretty good, but have yet to read it despite picking up the first trade (good luck finding this one, it was released in the 90's). 




 Haven't really been following the tourney....but why no Valiant series? Is this just the Big 2 plus Image and Dark Horse? 




 This is beyond tragic. My LCS does 15% discount with free bags. I occasionally order from Midtown, but I like to keep going to mine because I like the people and enviroment.

 Is your store at least going to attempt a digital retail conversion? 




 So much this. Half the time I forget about a spoiler by the time I get to reading a comic. Of course, half the time I don't get to the comic until Thursday or the following weekend. 




 I just read Vol. 6, which had Ramadan in it, last night and i really enjoyed it. The story was interesting and I sort of want to read into middle eastern lore after it. The fact Iraq was/is still a war zone is a humbling fact 20 years after this issue was published. 




 Have it on my pull list, but can't get until next week:(  Been loving it so far. 




 Like /u/bliffay said it originated from the Lil B fanbase. He is a somewhat underground rapper (I don't he is signed and is still independent) and has a huge presence on the internet. I remember he released a 100 track mixtape once for free. I don't really follow him tho. . . 




 Finally, it seems, Vertigo is getting consistent love. 




 I have about 5 issues to read of this series, been buying them, but havent read them yet. . . 




 I need to order this. I've been following this series via trades and have absolutely loved it. 




 It is on my pull list, but I can't pick it up until next week. I have to save my money for a Tula Lotay Art Book that is releasing April 1st and I suspect the shipping is gonna be a bitch. Enjoyed the first issue and can't wait until I can read this one. 




 I'm with you on this. Tyrese, I think would make a decent GL. 




 My LCS usually gets me the variant cover for titles that I have on my pull list. Occasionally, I will get them from Midtown comics and they will generally have them ready for pre-order. 




 Valiant relaunched a couple years back (they were around in the 90s) and practically all their titles are excellent. If you want comedy, Archer and Armstrong or Quantum and Woody are great series. If you like mythical/magical, Shadowman is decent. Eternal Warrior is about one of the most prominent characters in Valiant and is contained in two trades. Can never go wrong with X-O Manowar with it being pretty much Valiant's flagship title. 

On current series not yet in trades: Ivar, Time Walker is fun and you don't need to know too much about the Valiant Universe, but it definitly will help make connections. 

Keep an eye on Humble Bundles, I managed to get a good chunk of Valiant trades for not very much. Or perhaps check out Scribd since Valiant has a good amount of digital issues in this service.

Also /r/valiant 




 I think Shadowman should at least have one or two vols in the middle of Quantum and Woody so you have some background for the heist, even if it isnt a real crossover. . . 




 Wounded Rhymes, easily. 




 I love the free digital version. It lets me sell off issues I don't want so I can buy a couplw more. 




 Lykke Li features always brighten my day. 




 She's done a couple collaborations with rappers. One of my favorite is Gifted with Kanye and Santigold. 




 He was stuck holding a beam that would otherwise crush Aunt May. 




 Lykke Li easily. 




 What do LCS get from me putting down my Marvel Code redemptions at their store? 




 I rumble when I yawn and cant hear anything half the time.  




 Sadly so much so. 




 I highly recommend this series. The artwork is great and the story actually moves along at a good pace. 




 Sandman

XMen Apocalypse

Star Wars 7

AntMan 

Suicide Squad

Fantastic Four

Avengers2

Deadpool

BvS

Green Lantern

 




 Didnt Dwayne Johnson confirm he is Black Adam? 




 So much on the trade release. Image gets it right in this regard. I hate having to wait for the next DC trades after so long. 




 Free Digital copies with the purchase of physical copies.  

Make more Netflix Series.

Live Action JLD.

Give Klarion a better run.

1 event maybe 2 a year.

Crossovers not nearly as much or as long.

Not make trades come out several ARCS after the fact. Kinda like how Image does what? Like a month after the last issue in a trade.

DC Unlimited.

Make Humble Bundles for at least older comics.

Make sure Elektra actually lasts for a decent run.

Make flagship issues longer with "shorts" in the middle. Like a Batcow short story in Batman.

More easter eggs and no more white borders. We need more art to look at while reading.

And an all New Crossover between the universes.
 




 Ivar Timewalker is an excellent series that is only a couple issues in, if anyone is wanting something easy to jump into by Valiant. 




 I must have missed the news on a Bloodshot movie. Sounds awesome. 




 Save 20$ for their next humble bundle. Im still only about halfway through the ones they have had. 




 I imagine the gap will close, but once we get closer to the movie in December it will grow again. 




 This album is always first in my library whenever I get a new device. The first line is so unexpected and the album just continues to deliver. 




 This seems like a pitch for an excellent Dave Chappelle skit, if that show still existed. 




 I've been playing Pixel Heroes on android. All the nods to pop culture is entertaining.  




 The last issue was so hard to understand. The art is still pretty good. 




 I think it was the 07-08 school year. 




 If he was class of '14, I don't think he would have had the pleasure of knowing Moretta, sadly. 




 The integration was in 1955 and was the first in all of Dallas. 




 For the Non-Catholic/Secular Private schools we also have St. Mark's and Hockaday. 




 What would Mr. Moretta have to say about this?  




 Ursuline is also the Sister school of Jesuit. 




 If anyone can figure out the BB suit it'll be Tim. 




 This was my first thought. Of course I mostly DVR because I work at night, however, it is nice the days I dont work to watch the shows live. 




 Can we get a quality post tag? 




 But then again the title does say Unlimited Budget... 
























 Well there is a lightning bolt to the left. . . 




 So I bought a Classic 40 pack and 14 GvG pack. Legendaries I pulled were surprisingly in good number. 

I ended up with: 1 Neptulon, 1 Golden Al'Akir the Windlord, 1 Captain Greenskin, 1 Golden Sylvanas Windrunner (already had a regular), and a Golden Sneed's Old Shredder.

The second golden had me floored, but a third just made me want to go hit the slots. Anyone have similar runs? 




 After the end of the show it had a quick word from the creators. They said something like that. 




 That is why I keep family numbers with no name on my phone. Eventually the picture of clicking a number to text just stuck in my head that I could memorize it. 




 **DC Comics**

* Convergence #7

* Convergence Batman and the Outsiders #2

* Convergence Hawkman #2

* Convergence Justice League America #2

* Convergence Swamp Thing #2

**Dynamite**

* Django/Zorro #7

**Image**

* Tithe #2

* Trees #9

**Marvel**

* Deadpool's Secret Secret Wars #1

* Planet Hulk #1

* Star Wars #5

* Ultimate End #1

**Valiant**

* Bloodshot Reborn #2

* Ninjak #3

**Vertigo**

* Mad Max Fury Road Nux and Immortal Joe #1 




 After tonight's episode it is leaning towards parallel universes. 




 Not to mention the Jay Garrick Helmet!

Hints of Earth 2 I think is stongly suggested when the Producers say they have a new way of introducing new enemies. 




 I would get an Action Comics #1 or something just as pivotal and host an event in which we get to watch each page get turned into glorious Origami creations. Would probably have to be a closed doors event that is streamed live in case of someone trying to stop it.  




 Suiciders has been pretty good. 




 Cool. 




 A lot of flagship issues from Mavel (#1s, Specials, and Major Tie-ins) it seems are at $4.99 a lot of the time. 




 All about that Dogecoin. . . 




 Especially if it is Hitler. 




 I have yet to get anynupdates for anything in humble bundles :/ 




 I heard it in Lee Daniel's The Butler. 




 They way the studios are forcing theatres to have a **significantly** higher amount of 3D than 2D shows for this movie, even if every 2D show sells out and 3D shows sell only half capacity, causes them to see that 3D is making more money.  




 Didn't they tease an early version of Brother Eye in Arrow earlier this season? Easily could have been the same virus. 




 Turns out a variant cover I was looking at was limited amount not the actual issue itself, so there is hope. 




 It seems to have been an animated youtube series that had a making of art book on sale currently. Honestly what got me excited for the comic comic out was the covers available and descriptions. 




 I like how even the Page with the Book of the Dead checklist doesn't even mention Legends of the Geomancer, considering its release is a sort of order incentive that goes along with Book of the Dead.

 All I know is I am going to be broke after all the issues for it releases. 




 Graphic India on 7/29. And turns out I was looking at a variant release amount 




 It is going to be a 1000 copy print tho :( So better pre-order soon. 




 Grant Morrisons 18 Days #1

Star Trek meets Green Latern

Godzilla in Hell

Book of Death Event from Valiant

And have already Pre-Ordered a copy of Legends of the Geomancer.

 




 **BOOM! Studios**

* Lantern City #1

**DC Comics**

* Convergence #6

* Convergence Batman Shadow of the Bat #2

* Convergence Justice League International #2

**Dynamite**

* Project Superpowers Blackcross #3

* Reanimator #2

**Image**

* Mythic #1

* Savior #2

**Marvel**

* Darth Vader #5

* Legendary Star-Lord #12

* Secret Wars #2

* Silk #4

* Spider-Man 2099 #12

**Valiant**

* Imperium #4

* X-O Manowar #36 




 An excellent watch. A friend suggested it and I loved it. 




 We want a Lucifer show, but not *this* Lucifer show. 




 Not really. Particularly because that wasnt the last movie I saw him in. 




 I found it interesting. 




 No voting today in my suburb. Oh well. Good luck everyone else. 




 I just finished reading Jupiter's Legacy. I just got to say I am glad I didnt start the series when it was first published. The wait would have been unbearable. It is just such a great story.

Also watched first two seasons of Orphan Black and throughly enjoyed it. 




 You are right. We need more Captain Carrot. 




 Well...uh...death finds a way. 




 Wow. Just wow. i heard of this happening before.

How do you even get an explicit label on an INSTRUMENTAL album? That is a feat in and of itself...I mean whoever decided to give it an explicit label was surely thinking, "This music is so 'out there' that no 'normal' person would think to make it sound the way it does."

I wonder if there is a list of instrumental albums that have explicit warnings on them. 




 I figure it is just promotional and he will likely not be in the movies covered in tattoos. 




 The ending was meh at best.  




 Is there a website where you can keep track of your collection? Bonus points if it suggests builds. 




 Went to my main LCS and then one across town that opened an hour later.

Picked up Divergence, Avengers, Secret Wars, Hatter M, Doctor Who, Attack on Titan, Fight Club, Legendary Preview, Dark Circle and of course Valiant 25th. At my main they also had 2 free gaming cards from a selection.

My main had a 25% off sale and I got a Buddy Christ from Dogma Bank and a Munchkins Deluxe set. 




 I believe she said it while honking the horn. 




 You listed most of them, but:

Dream's Mask, Lucifer's Wings and Phantom Stranger's Coin Necklace. 




 We find ouy early May if the show gets renewed. Meanwhile go stream the whole first season now that it is available. 




 They changed the movie title when it was still in theatres. They sent a new poster and everything to put up. 




 **Boundless**

* Lady Death Apocalypse #4- Thinking about dropping this one

**DC Comics**

* Convergence #4

* Convergence Booster Gold #1

* Convergence Infinity Inc. #1 -Always down for more Jonah Hex

* Convergence Plastic Man and the Freedom Fighters #1 -Plastic Man

* Convergence World's Finest Comics #1

* Multiversity #2 - Loved Multiversity

**Dynamite**

* Blood Queen vs Dracula #3

**Image**

* Outcast #8

**Marvel**

* Inhuman #14

* Princess Leia #3

* Silk #3 -It has felt like forever since the last

**Vertigo**

* Vertigo Quarterly SFX #1 




 Is there a maxim number a quests you can have at once? 




 Good to know. Thanks. 




 This is good to know. Thanks. 




 Wait...you cam re-roll your daily quest? 




 Here is a comment I had on a previous discussion on it:

And I figure with the recent news confirming Bloodshot movies people will read The Valiant, which has Geomancer as a prominent figure. Thus leading to more people wanting to read more, i.e. when they google Geomancer I am sure this book will pop up. 




 We ever going to get Biomotor Unitron? 




 Does this mean I can relive or redo three years? If so yes. 




 Back in my day Batman had nipples! 




 The movie was really well built. So this is looking promising. 




 Just wow. Wondering how this is going to end. Since he seems to have so much power will he give it all up to stay on that last page? 




 [Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/valiant/comments/33b8r6/valiant_wants_as_few_people_as_possible_to_read/.compact) is a post on /r/valiant.

Basically it is going to be sent out to LCS that order the Book of Death Event, but as an order incentive. And by the sounds of it there aren't going to be a ton of copies.

And I figure with the recent news confirming Bloodshot movies people will read The Valiant, which has Geomancer as a prominent figure. Thus leading to more people wanting to read more, i.e. when they google Geomancer I am sure this book will pop up. 




 All I know is I'm starting to save up to try and snag a copy of the Legend of the Geomancer when it comes out. Order Incentive only comic after Bloodshot Movie hype leading people to read The Valiant...yea it is gonna cost a pretty penny. 




 No one can agree on which tie ins to get. At $4 each, most cant exactly get them all. 




 Nice to see Valiant with 2 of their 3 books in the top 10 this week. 




 With the Hyacinth Macaw as a special Legendary.  




 Been curious about the Atlantis. 




 "If enough of us dream, if a bare thousand of us dream, we can change the world. We can dream it anew!"
￼

"Little one, I would like to see anyone — prophet, king or God — persuade a thousand cats to do anything at the same time."

Both from my favorite issue of Sandman. #18 A Dream of a Thousand Cats. 




 The fact it has a question make...I just dont even know how to start comprehending that. 




  Dont forget Poison Ivy! What kind of enemy needs an Avatar, Atlantean, a Demon, and a Plant Woman to defeat it? 




 Are you familiar with Pally decks at all? I posted one to get some feedback. 




 Why not Ivar #4? 




 So I've hand a decent run with [this](http://www.hearthpwn.com/deckbuilder/paladin#23:1;29:2;158:2;191:2;206:1;250:1;260:1;265:1;293:2;350:1;355:1;394:1;414:1;422:1;463:1;577:1;642:2;657:1;12181:1;12223:1;12244:1;12257:1;12280:1;14435:1;14454:1;) paladin deck. Usually a good 3-5 win streak in early ranked and casual. Was wondering if anyone can suggest some changes in it to round it out better. 




 Thanks! 




 Am I correct in thinking you should disenchant every card after your second one in you collection from buying packs (After 1 if Legendary)? 




 Turn off all possible battery drains, wifi (if you dont mind data usage), NFC, Bluetooth, background apps, screen brightness, etc. . .I'm on an M8 and I last several hours before needing to recharge. 




 **BOOM! Studios**

* Clive Barker's Nightbreed #12

**Cosmic Times**

* Metal Locus #1

**Dark Horse**

* Mister X Razed #3

**DC Comics**

* Convergence #3

* Convergence Batman amd thr Outsiders #1

* Convergence Hawkman #1

* Convergence Justice League America #1

* Convergence Swamp Thing #1

* Suiciders #3

**Marvel**

* Amazing Spiderman #17.1

* Black Widow #17

* Guardians Of The Galaxy And X-Men The Black Vortex Omega #1

* Hulk #15

* Inhuman Special

* Star Wars #4

**Valiant**

* Divinity #3

* Ivar Timewalker #4

* Ninjak #2 




 Animal Man, Swamp Thing, Frankenstein Agent of Shade, and then Amethyst. Some kind of over arching story where Shade is wanting to control the Red/Green, ushering the need for a new Avatar of each, following with Frank going against the Avatars while slowly learning the truth about Shade's plans. Finally leading us to Amethyst showing Frankies exactly why Shade is bad. 




 TFW "way back" is 2011. . . 




 Meh I get to see them all for free anyways. Sometimes early at that. . . 




 Its not a behind the scenes look per say. It is a photo of Leto showing showing someone a picture of himself as the Joker on his phone. Can barely see it at all. 




 Anyone got a mirror? 




 August? 




 Salted Caramel vodka is good enough for me. Stuff is delicious with apple juice. 




 MPAA definitly has the tools to figure out which theatre is being recorded. 




 Digital format does indeed use a "key" file. Usually it is just for features, but occasionally trailers need a key too (mostly high profile trailers such as Hunger Games). 

If I understand right, the MPAA can figure out exactly which theatre a recording is from by applying some kind of filter to a certain frame of a feature. 

I would imagine the BvS trailer would have a key, at least for the Premier version, and chances are that if the DC cares enough the theatre this one is recorded in can be in trouble. 




 Salem I think I would enjoy. 




 -Yet ANOTHER Award for Neil Gaiman this year. Is he THE Author of 1991?

-Check out my awesome Cosplay of Death from Sandman. 




 My LCS screwed up my pull last month and I never got Valiant #4, hopefully they have that still when I pick stuff up tomorrow. 




 Another week where I am only getting 1 or 2 from the top ten. What is up with that? 




 Pretty much yea. 




 I mean you can always get a refund juat saying, "Something came up I need to go" 




 Outcast 




 I see it mentioned a decent amount on here. The reason I mentioned these two were mainly the subscription services offered to be able to catch up fairly close to current issues. 

While Image does have many good series, practically none are in the same universe, which some people like to have in their different series they are reading. 




 Well check out Marvel Unlimited. It has most issues from a couple months back and further. (EDIT: apparently you can use the promo code Star Wars to get a free month)

Valiant was revived a couple years back and most people that have read their titles enjoyed them. You can find a good amount on Scribd. 




 Wow really? 




 Cinemark Legacy in Plano had the Barco Escape for Maze Runner. No telling if they will bring it back for Star Wars. 




 Excellent. 




 Please be there Thursday... 




 Don't tease me. . . 




 **Avatar Press**

* Dark Gods #5

**Boundless**

* Ember #0

**DC Comics**

* Convergence #2

* Convergence Shadow of the Bat #1

* Convergence JLI #1

**Dynamite**

* Django/Zorro #6

* King Phantom #2

**Image**

* Tithe #1

**Marvel**

* Legendary Star-Lord #11

**Valiant**

* Bloodshot Reborn #1 




 Well it isnt really twice in a row since Avengers 2 comes out first. . . 




 Lollipop has finally been rolled out to ATandT's HTC One M8. For those of you that have been waiting like me. . . 




 So the very last issue of The Names is gonna be $3.99? That's kinda silly. 




 /x/ would go back and videotape Roswell landing. 




 Good catch. I could see them being in financial trouble for what we see in the last episode. 




 Murdock's costume when he was just "The Mask" reminded me of a black Iron First costume somewhat. 




 Sometimes collected editions have cover art and other stuff un it. 




 What incentives do comic bookstores get when you declare them as your place of purchase when you redeem digital codes from Marvel comics? Just wondering. 




 Working a double so havent had time yet to read Savior. . . 




 Well if Killer Mike ever goes Platinum. . . 




 Vol. 2 wasn't entirely forgettable. The cat scene T.T 
























