




 [Photek - The Third Sequence](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esHpGuBkGys)

[Xtrah - Soundclash](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9XN6t-HF8yk)

[Octane  DLR feat. Script - Set Up The Set](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_QpKaYVbtuQ)
 
...aaaaaand some unreleased stuff:

[I Am Legion - Make Those Move (Teddy Killerz Remix)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4P_lwiH9Hs)

Also look out for the record label Critical Music. They are putting out some real deep, intelligent but also dark tunes. And they sound more stylized and less muddy and hardcore than most of the dark dnb tracks, what i like. 




 It's not just that she's strong, Diamond plays a pretty mean Shyvana. I spectated some of his games and he was constantly  keeping up with the sololaners level-wise. He even outleveld and outfarmed them and that is pretty amazing as a jungler. His overall playstyle reminded me of Meteos's but a notch higher (cause he's Diamond/#nofanboy #nohomo) 




 How i will manage to watch all the games even though i'll have school:

1. Stay up all the weekend until atleast 6 am and sleep until 5pm. Pretty easy if you're going to get wasted anyway.

2. Wake up around 5pm at sunday, buy a 2l coke and a bunch of energy drinks at the closest gas station and pull an allnighter to watch the first day of games. Don't sleep at all and go to school at 8am.

3. Since you are going to be a zombie at monday evening you can easily go to sleep around 8pm.

4. Wake up at 3-4am at tuesday morning and continue watching the games. I'll probably miss the Fnatic vs Gambit game though since that one starts at 8am. Maybe i can skip the first lesson, not sure about that one yet.

5. Repeat for the whole week.

6. Profit? 
























 Lord of the Rings, Star Wars, The Godfather, Forest Gump, The Lion King

It's pretty bad i know :( 









 Dude that Hochi Remix has a drop like none. Sick! 




 So how do they get out? 
























 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qn977W9HjWM 




 Doesn't even have a proper structure or transitions yet so there is lots of room for anybody who wants to work on it.
http://picosong.com/4UFk/

Also got this techno-ish song in work if that's more fitting.
http://picosong.com/4UFh/

Just write me a message or something. 




 First of all forgive me for any grammatical mistakes as english is not my mother tongue.


So since years I've played with idea of becoming a pro gamer, to make a living from what i love and do since i'm a child. 
Playing games. Now im 20 years old and life is a bitch these days. 
I never really knew what i wanted to do later on. Parents and friends tell me that i should start a normal career like everybody else. But that always seemed kinda dull to me. I've been playing League for a not too long time now but recently i started to think that i could actually do this. Becoming a pro. Dedicating my whole life on one single thing to become one of the very best. The question that crosses my mind however is if that is actually a realistic and a worthwile goal. 


I know that first of all i would need to get to Challenger to even get noticed by any of the bigger teams. Now I ask myself if anybody who puts enough work into it could achieve that. I know that there are people who are just naturally gifted and have a talent for it but do you really need that to become one of the very best? I wouldn't say i'm untalented but there are certainly a lot of people who are much more talented than me but they might have a worse work ethic. Also is it ridiculous to start a pro gaming career with 20 years of age? Am i already to late to start something that I've always dreamed of?


I know that these are a lot of rhetorical questions but i feel like i just need opinions from other people to confirm that i'm not out of my mind. The thing is i also have nothing to loose really. My social life is subpar as is my graduation. 


So what do you guys think? 




 Amazing times for all People Who are in australia right now. I'm normally from Germany but now i get to see every game in the evening before going to bed. Thanks Based god. 
























 All that this has teached me is that this community is a bunch of sissies like seriously, what exactly is scary about it. 




 What's so bad about this? It's just a spider with a bunch of baby spiders on it's abdomen. Even the person in the video doesn't look scared. 




 Underworld - 8 Ball 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=pdhyviKR5R4

In case you unterstand german this one 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=bKanoutDiek 




 It's always like this in the early season. Hype gets created and as the season goes on and LCS ends the hype is gone. I mean teams are still figuring out how to optimally play the game so anything can happen and any team can look strong(UoL). Atleast the games are super fun to watch.  
























 So the dream i had last night is still kinda freaking me out, even though i don't have arachnophobia. I even went to australia for 7 months last year and took the biggest spiders i found on my hand to freak other people out. However this was simply too much for me.

So about the dream:

I was in this big transportation vehicle all on my own, with my dad being the one who flies/steers it (I think it was probably an airplane). There were no windows or anything just the lights inside that illuminated everything. There were 2 sections inside the plane, the middle one which looked like your normal economy class and the seperated section in the back which was smaller but resembled the first class. It even had a bed. To be fair it was my own bed that i have in real life. 

So in the beginning of the dream everything was kind of normal, there were no spiders, and i was just hanging around alone in the middle section. As time evolved a few very big spiders seemed to appear on the ceiling and in cracks. They were as huge as the biggest spiders in the world, completly black and looked as intimidating as possible. Soon medium spiders seemed to appear in bigger numbers (probably in the hundreds). They were of the same species as the bigger ones being just as black but with smaller abdomens compared to the big ones but i'd still consider them large. Last but not least the baby spiders appeared. Again same species but in even larger numbers. In the end there were these kind of nests everywhere in the middle section. It freaked me out, everthing was infested with spiders and i couldn't stay there anymore. So i moved to the back section, the more luxurious first class. 

It was seperated with doors from the middle section and because of that it was completely clean. My own bed was standing there against the wall and the section had these air shafts which were closed. Again i was just hanging around in there, basicly doing nothing but soon the airshafts opened up. A lot of air was coming out and with that the same spiders appeared in this section. It ended up being even worse because this section was smaller than the middle one so it was tighter to move. Some particular big bunches of spiders were located everywere on the walls close to my bed. And being even more freaked out i had to move again. But this time there was nowhere to go. Everything was already infested with spidernests. And that's when the dream faded away.

Now being awake and all i'm feeling very paranoid of spiders. I had this chair in my cellar that i needed to bring up today and i just had to check it for spiders before i could pick it up. 

Also the nests in my dream looked kinda like this: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/BSigMbHCEAA4e3N.jpg:large

What does this all mean? What does my head want to tell me? I don't want to be scared of something that i could handle before just because of a dream. 

Also forgive me for any grammatical mistakes, english is hard :) 




 I'm 100% confident that i got this one right.
http://www.dravendoesitall.com/Fantasy/Midlane.aspx?code=X6ZJ44R6Z7 




 I think you are underestimating Gambit. Cabo is a monster who outclassed Zion every single game at IEM and Diamond is most definitely a tier above Santorin. Niq is consistent although he won't win lane on his own vs Bjergsen. Botlane is a wildcard since i don't really know how turtle and lustboy would do against a hyper aggressive botlane like p1noy+edward. But Gambit vs TSM is a match that i'd love to see...riot more international competition, please? 




 Maybe wait for the new GT3 RS? 





























 Right? It even fit in perfectly. ;3 




 First time im doing this fantasy thingy. The other guy had no chance to begin with :p
http://imgur.com/P5gcnwX 




 "nothing has changed" wait what?
Everything has changed. Every team has gone through roster changes this year and only because ALL stomped last year doesn't mean that they automatically will do it again against different teams. 
























 HIKUUUUU 




 Bro i hope you won't forget me. ;) 




 That's just me. Always jumping to conclusions. :( 




 How can you tell? 
























 Pretty sure that level up saved Bjergsen right there. 




 I don't think you win 7 games in a row by being sloppy. 




 Spanish is pretty straight-forward, German however is terrible since it has 16 different ways to say "the". Also German does NOT have extremely simple grammar. In fact there are a lot of native german speakers who fail to use correct grammer all the time. Deutsche Sprache, schwere Sprache.

However i might need to add that most european languages are indeed easy to learn for native English speakers and vice versa since the languages are closely related. 




 Hearthstone is one of those games where i feel like it's not really worth all the grinding and trouble to hit that legend rank. The only reward is that cardback which looks really meh imo and it doesn't give you enough bragging rights compared to what you can get in games like WoW, LoL and even SC when you put in the time and effort. Everyone who thinks it's worth i wish you best of luck but in the end I've decided against it. Cheers  
























 Could have, would have, should have... 




 I think your math is wrong since you didn't add in the fact that trading up battle scarred weapons cannot give you a minimal wear or higher quality weapon. The max quality you can get from battle scarred is field tested which has been proven here: http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=420402033

In which case the chance for getting a profitable pink skin in the Winter Offensive case [ST] by using only battle scarred ST's is 3/8 instead of 9/13.

However i don't really know if or how much throwing in a higher quality skin will change the chances to get something better than field tested. 
 




 This is what i want to know too. Acestream was so damn stable for the last race. 




 had the exact same average after 5 tries. 207 ... i've never played cs ever though so i don't think it matters 
























