 Damn, you're talented. Great work!! 




 Haha, no worries. We still enjoy your contribution! 




 If you have an iPad, there should be a lock screen button. You just press the middle button twice, swipe to the left, and click the circular arrow. Hope this helps (for the future) if you actually do have an iPad! 




 fenêtre [fen-eh-tra (sorry for the shitty phonetics)]

It means window in French, and I think it's the prettiest word of all languages. 




 No it doesn't. 




 wrong subreddit... you're looking for /r/todayilearned 




 He's lying, the dog takes a train ride to heaven to be with his handler, but they never actually die. 




 [Where the leopard actually is...](http://imgur.com/9HMPE) 




 there are two, but yes, the one at the bottom right is much more visible. 




 I'm sorry I didn't really make that clear. We basically never bring up religion with her. We pray before meals, but that's all.  We don't regularly go to mass, but she wouldn't have to go if she chose not to. We may mention that we feel blessed because something happened, but we wouldn't get into a deep discussion about how God granted us life and it's good, etc. etc.

When she brings it up, she goes into lengthy discussions of "with logic, the Christian God is easily disproven" or something along those lines. I have never said to her face that "God is an obvious fact of life" because no one really knows. Yet she has to shove down our throats that she doesn't believe in God, when we honestly are fine with that.

If we were making her uncomfortable and she spoke her mind, I would understand. But it's more like there is a break in the conversation and she'll say "so I saw this article" and go into a religious rant. I would never do that for her sake, yet she doesn't have the same courtesy for me.

I have friends who are atheist, and we get along fine. We either don't bring up religion, or when we do, we agree to disagree. Just conversation, not debate. My sister just thinks (and she's made this clear, I'm not just saying this) that as an ateist, she is discriminated against, which she most definitely is not. 




 My sister is an atheist and I am Christian. Being Christian, I know that I can't make a real point to my religion because it doesn't make sense; that's why it's called faith. I have no problem with my sister being atheist and think she can believe whatever she wants, yet she regularly brings up the beliefs of Catholics and why she is not one.  She not only does this around me, but around our Catholic family. Then we all get very uncomfortable because there is no way for us to back our beliefs because they are spiritual, not logical. I think she constantly brings it up because she is worried that people won't understand or are displeased with her for being atheist, yet we don't really have any opinion of it, we just don't want to have to explain to her why we believe what we believe because, well, we can't.

**TL;DR** People can believe whatever they like, just don't try to reason your beliefs because you'll just get in a heated discussion that makes everyone uncomfortable and angry. 




 They're called Blue Bottles in Australia. 




 Chess, not Battleship... 




 But I like zebras... 




 I love this!! 




 I knew someone must have beat me to it... I didn't see this before I posted this. 




 I'll miss you before we're done... 




 YES. 




 Actually, my voice teacher's accompanist showed this to him and me yesterday. I looked it up and posted it here. 




 Most people just use /r/Makeup and post their stuff there 









 Glad I could help! 




 /r/confessions

you're welcome. 









 No, you definitely only want to give them one head shot. They're going to see a lot of people, they want as little from everyone as possible. Even if you will be wearing your glasses most of the time, auditioners want to see what you look like without them. It's just easier for them to know who and what they will be dealing with if you are hired. 




 I agree with TSpange. He/She is concerned that this person may be seeking fame, not a life as a performer. 




 I like it! The clothes and scenery are definitely great. I would definitely suggest taking off the glasses in the future. When you're in an audition, your auditioners want to see your face and your entire face. Also, I might try having the camera from a higher angle than you face. It makes the picture seem lighter and happier, but that's just a preference of mine. Nothing to look deep into.

You look great! 




 That's a really nice quote. I'll have to hang that up in my dressing room some day(; 




 Oh my God, you're right!! I just remembered something!!

My junior high had a little radio station (online, noone listened to it) and they wanted to interview me (because i'm just that awesome, haha). I sang two songs, both of which were very sad. Afterword, I had a friend tell me that someone thought I was actually crying, but my friend said it like it was an insult. Like, why would I be crying? It's just a song about growing up without a father and all the regrets you have... nbd. I was totally embarrassed.

Anyway, thank you so much for that!! This just made this all so clear to me. Thank you, thank you, a million times, thank you!! I'd give you gold if I had money, sorry that I don't): 




 I saw this last night on /new, but I decided not to post a comment... Oh the irony... 




 I think they were practicing on your comment. Sorry about that :/ 




 Totally agree. I try to do this as much as possible, but definitely good advice for me to remember. Thanks so much(: 




 Well, I think I'm pretty much good on your first and second tip, being a trained performer (though they are true and helpful nonetheless), but I think you're right one for tip three. I usually put on a brave face and say I'm not scared, but something is holding me back and I think it might just be me. I think I just have to let go and not be afraid of whatever I'm afraid of. Thanks Johnny Numbskull! 3 




 I am a high school student and a musical theatre actress hopeful. Being that I'm going into theatre, my voice teacher doesn't just have me sing songs, but act them as well (as all singers should). If I am singing a very emotional song, I find myself afraid to really get into character. I don't know why, but I can't just... get to where I should be. I hold myself back.

Does anyone have any tips on what I can do to fearlessly get into character, no matter how... extreme the emotion? 




 lazy ass title... 




 It's actually to the tune of an old drinking song, but I think it does the job as well(: 




 I don't know why so many people are ganging up on you, I'm behind your comment 100%. 




 OH MY GOD YES! This is why one of my goals as a musical theatre actress is to some day sing the nation anthem like I didn't just talk a few muscle relaxers. Personally, I think people screw up the national anthem so bad because they don't think their voice can deliver it well, so they have to fuck it up in order for it to be any good. 




 This may work for some people, but then eventually the reasons you reward yourself become smaller and smaller. Maybe at first, you smoke after cleaning the garage. Then it becomes after you did the dishes that were piling up. Then it's for making your bed in the morning.

Being an addict (not of smoking), I believe once you have an addiction, it never leaves you. You can tame it, but you can't get rid of it. Of course, each person is different, but I don't think it's worth risking. 




 I think it's horrible. The singing is okay, but definitely not up to par with the Broadway performance we all know and love. Also, the acting is just not there. Just lots of stone faces. Luckily, the music is so beautiful, it makes to movie slightly bearable, but the actors just don't do the job of telling such a beautiful story. 









 I love someone that knows a lot about stuff. Even if it seems random and uninteresting, I *love* it. Someone telling me about any topic and being able to listen and learn, I love. I have no idea why, but I think it's awesome. 




 You have to be careful, though. I have a friend who upon meeting someone will hug them and even begin to hang on them. Even though I am around this person a lot, I automatically feel uncomfortable around her when she gets close. Just be careful to hug when it counts. 




 I do this all the time because, as an actress, I naturally get nervous when looking someone in the eye. (It's like I'm looking my audience in the eye, just scares me instantly). I've only had one person realize it, and it because very awkward because they honestly thought there was something wrong with their nose when I would talk to them. 




 With in limits, I think. I know someone who in an instance of meeting them will hug them and ask them personal questions a friend would ask. It gets very uncomfortable, very fast. But of course, when I meet some one that will automatically be nice to me, talk to me, joke with me, and whatnot, then that's fine. I love that, in fact.(: 




 *facepalm* 




 Try living in Texas. If there is snow, even if it melts the second it hits the ground, we close all of our schools, offices, etc. 




 I would give gold if I had money. I know that doesn't really count for anything, but I just wanted to let you know that you just about made my day(: 




 Phantastic!!!!! Phantom is my favorite show, and this is just amazing!! 




 *And with your spirit. 




 I think the subreddit /r/confessions could use a little more love. Very related to this topic. 




 obviously fake.... 




 I am so sorry hun. If you ask me, that is sexual assault. go to the doctor as soon as you can, and the the police. I am *so* sorry, no one deserves this treatment. And also, in my opinion, if you never wanted it to happen in the first place, you didn't lose your virginity. You have to freely choose to give that away, no one can take it from you. I hope you heal well. Please know that our hearts all go out to you. 




 I'm sure a lot of people here will think this is a very minor problem, but to me right now it's huge. Right now, I'm on my school's drill (dance) team, and it's every single day, so it's basically my life for the next four years. I plan on going into musical theatre, so I enjoy being involved in my school's show choir as well. The problem is that since my drill team takes up such a huge part of my life, by next year I'll have to chose between drill and choir. If I quit drill, then I can join more of the after school choirs [women's, jazz (which is basically more advanced), etc.] and open my schedule to more rest, homework time, and other activities that I wouldn't have even been able to consider before. But if I give up on drill team, I would also be giving up a huge part of my life: performing at football games, not being with my team which is like a family, competitions, an everyday activity, a great exercise, and a huge label (that I really like). One of my biggest issues is that I enjoy being a leader, and not just a member, so I couldn't be a leader of either if I'm in both, because, sadly, conflicts will force me to choose. (I'll be able to stay in choir no matter what, but a much lesser portion that I would prefer.) Also, just to note, I am a very skilled singer (as I've been told by professionals, I'm not just conceited) and not the greatest dancer, but I'm pretty good and much better than someone without any experience. Note, if I gave up drill, I could also start dance lessons. It amy seem small to a lot of you, but it's a huge part of my life right now and could determine how the rest of my life pans out. Of course this is a very personal decision, but does anyone have any opinions or points that may help me sway one way or the other? Thank you!

P.S. Sorry that my thoughts are kind of scattered! 




 I'm sure a lot of people here will think this is a very minor problem, but to me right now it's huge. Right now, I'm on my school's drill (dance) team, and it's every single day, so it's basically my life for the next four years. I plan on going into musical theatre, so I enjoy being involved in my school's show choir as well. The problem is that since my drill team takes up such a huge part of my life, by next year I'll have to chose between drill and choir. If I quit drill, then I can join more of the after school choirs [women's, jazz (which is basically more advanced), etc.] and open my schedule to more rest, homework time, and other activities that I wouldn't have even been able to consider before. But if I give up on drill team, I would also be giving up a huge part of my life: performing at football games, not being with my team which is like a family, competitions, an everyday activity, a great exercise, and a huge label (that I really like). One of my biggest issues is that I enjoy being a leader, and not just a member, so I couldn't be a leader of either if I'm in both, because, sadly, conflicts will force me to choose. (I'll be able to stay in choir no matter what, but a much lesser portion that I would prefer.) Also, just to note, I am a very skilled singer (as I've been told by professionals, I'm not just conceited) and not the greatest dancer, but I'm pretty good and much better than someone without any experience. Note, if I gave up drill, I could also start dance lessons. It amy seem small to a lot of you, but it's a huge part of my life right now and could determine how the rest of my life pans out. Of course this is a very personal decision, but does anyone have any opinions or points that may help me sway one way or the other? Thank you!

P.S. Sorry that my thoughts are kind of scattered! 




 Wow, good for you! You look great! 




 Hey Psy! I just want to let you know we're getting married. Love you, babe! Keep up the good work! 3 




 I knew that looked familiar! 




 God, this got me so excited!!!!! 




 May I ask why? I found it very contradictory and the music kind of seemed half-hearted and kind of like a music box: easy to listen to, but isn't going to make you think or feel anything at all. 




 OH MY GOD YES!! I just saw an ad for this on facebook today and I seriously got up and started singing and dancing. 




 Thank you so much for sharing your story, it really means a lot.  Your motivation and sweet words will definitely get me through a ton throughout my life, I know.  Thanks, you are so kind for everything you've said to me (: 




 Good for you. I'm glad you have such strength(: We're all glad you're here. Thanks for staying with us. 




 Thank you. I truly appreciate your acceptance and support. Thank you for understanding, or at least trying to3 




 Thank you so much. This really and truly made me tear up because it made me so much happier. I've never had anyone tell me that I didn't have to be perfect, no joke. Thank you. You may have just drastically improve my life. (: 




 I would pay serious money to wear any of those dressed. They are beautiful!! 




 my crappy wifi made me see that in slow-mo. it was amazing. 




 Hi.  I'm a fourteen-year-old girl who just started high school and is pursuing a career in musical theatre.  I'm just going to say this right now, I'm not some sort of Rachel Barry (Berry?) wanna-be or some sort of YouTube singer that has no talent or real aspiration, just looking for fame and money, no.  I've been aspiring toward the theatres of Broadway since I can remember and I don't want any sort of fame or money. I just want to sing and be heard. And yes, I liked it before it was cool, and I'm fully aware that makes me sound like a hipster.

Anyway, like I said, I just started high school, but I have all the expectation piled on me. Honestly and truthfully, I'm good. Some might say great or amazing, but I'm not trying to brag, I'm just letting you know.  Because of this, I'm expected to be amazing and inspirational and all that, but I'm not. My mother expects me to get perfect grades, my sister expects me to get the lead in the musical as a freshman, my entire choir expects me to be perfect and on top of my game every day and never make a mistake and they think it's okay to put all the attention on me sometimes when it makes me uncomfortable (because come one, it's a choir), and it goes on and on and on.

I can't handle it.

I know my limits and my abilities, but noone else does. I'm supposed to be perfect. When I make an achievement, noone cares because it's expected. When I break down, it's just not okay, I'm supposed to handle all of this. When I make a bad grade, my mother tells me that I won't get into college. When I make a good one, it doesn't affect her. I, honest to God, got a 101% in French (granted, it's only the first half of the first quarter), but she was unimpressed because the rest of my grades weren't quite there.  They're all B's and A's, and again: I. Just. Started. High. School.

I'm breaking down.

When I was twelve, I was diagnosed with clinical depression. All of my friends had abandoned me for a dumb reason I'm not willing to get into and my parents thought I didn't need help. Every time I reached out to someone for help, they thought I was lying, or be overly-dramatic. I had three failed suicide attempts. (Note: I AM NOT CURRENTLY SUICIDAL. THIS WAS A YEAR AND A HALF AGO.) Finally, my principal caught wind of my situation somehow and decided to suspend me until I got medical help. (Just saying, she's a bitch. Never, ever force anyone with a mental problem to get help against their will.) I went to a therapist, I went to the hospital. My parents were in shock. They thought I could handle my own problems. They didn't realize my mom not being there and my dad's abusive, alcoholic, depressive behavior had rubbed off on me. They still don't. They blame everything all on my own inability to take care of myself. I got out three days before my thirteenth birthday.

Now here I am, going down a scary path again. The only friends I can get right now and mean to me, selfish, and expect me to be perfect, my parents are ignoring me, and I have all these.... expectations.

I'm not okay.

I want to self injure again, I'm inclined to take pain killers (I'm not doing these things, nor do I plan to. Just inclined. I have self-control.), I'm lonely, I'm sad...

I'm not perfect.


Well, I guess that's all I really have to say. Thanks for listening to me ramble about myself. I really appreciate it. 




 i was just thinking this today. so truee. 




 way to be a little bitch... suck it up. 




 *bastard 




 This actually convinced me to get off reddit and do my homework..... 




 fuck you man, i was just about to post that!! 




 Why I want to be a cat...[ruined] 




 it's a timer with a black background and bright red lettering counting from 10 seconds down. There's (backwards) Arabic written across the top. 




 Almost related, my name is Nicole, but in Spanish class my name was Clara.
What the actual fuck. 




 that just gave me the biggest smile!! (: 




 stfu. people can believe whatever they want to believe. 




 wtf did u do? 




 not your typical cake day post... 




 Oh, you have depression? Put this shit in your body!

May cause warts, acne, back pain, sinus swelling, nose bleeds, nausea, diarrhea, sweating, head ache, loss of vision, trouble breathing, sore muscles, rash, hives, swelling in the ears, nose or mouth, kidney failure, liver failure, cancer, death, and/or depression.

We hope you didn't pay attention to any of that while we shoved pictures of flowers and puppies down your throat. 




 YES!! Holy crap I hate that commercial so much... 









 you lucky bastard. 




 Agreed. 




 how i envy you... 









 have u been pressing the spacebar twice? if not, i agree, ur phone is fucked. 




 thank you(: 95% say yes now(:
and btw, i just thought it's valid information that i'm a christian and i support anyone being able to marry whoever the hell they want. 




 wtf? that's the most terrible thing i've ever seen... 
























 That made me cringe... Wh-w....Why?? 









 Gorgeous!! I think you did a really good job with this(: 




 **I SWEAR TO THE BALD EAGLE IF THIS ISN'T FIXED SOON I'M MAKING MY OWN MURICA SUBREDDIT! BRING BACK FREEDOM MOTHER FUCKERS!!** 




 **NOTHING *IS* UNTIL IT IS FOR AMERICA, YOU DAMN COMMIE!** 




 *applause* 




 Thank you aswell. As a Christian who is also quite liberal, I get nervous telling people about my religion because I'm worried that they will react like someone from /r/atheism . People like you make it less scary and remind me that I'm part of a wonderful community, even if we have a few nut jobs, like every other religion.

I know that this is all talk because you don't believe, but I do hope you find God someday. I hope this doesn't come off as pushing my faith on you, but I know that He loves you. I hope you have a wonderful life full of prosperity and happiness. 




 Oh, whoops. I thought I had a shitty theology teacher. Carry on. 




 I think you did the right thing. If there was nothing you or she could have don,e there's no reason for telling her. 




 Link:  http://www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/comments/1bd9xl/its_the_last_day_of_march_and_this_battery_just/ 




 Blasphemy is when one claims that he/she is God, so... no. 




 Texas gets hit twice? I'm fucked.

EDIT:  Typo 




 Link:  http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1b8ky3/when_your_kid_finds_your_beard_trimmer/ 









 Drop your vowels a bit. When in choir, you make all you're vowels very "tall" or "proper" sounding. If you simply relax your tone, you should get more of a pop sound, or whatever you're looking for. If that doesn't work for you, practice saying one line by itself three times. Then say the same line three times in rhythm. Then sing it, trying to match how you said it, but to the correct tune. It should provide a more relaxed and spoken sound.

I hope this helps! 




 Right, but he was 61 at the time and didn't need any hospitalization (or at least didn't receive any), so it was definitely less. 




 I was twelve, and I tried to bleed out. I cut my wrist, but I didn't fully understand just how far I had to go. Eventually I got to weak from crying, etc. to keep trying, and I gave up waiting for another day.

I also tried ODing once, but again, was too young to know just how much one must consume to actually die. I only took six (maybe more, I don't really remeber) dayquils, but that's all I really had access to. Another time I took what was left of a bottle of Excedrin migraine (like 30 pills or so). I thought I would get high, pass out, etc., but I just got sick. I mean, really, really sick. No pain relief at all, just my stomach felt like absolute hell. I decided to throw up as much of it as I could. That time I think wasn't actually a suicide attempt, but really stupid that I could have possibly died from, since I was 12 or 13.

I'm one of those people that believes everything happens for a reason. I think I went through my suicidal phase so young, because I didn't have a full grasp on just how to take ones life. Now I just have to hope that I don't go threw another one.

Hope this answers your question(: 




 Nice repost. 




 They probably do. I know people that do this, and they think it's not obvious. It is. 




 Oops, sorry, I don't know what I was thinking there. I meant more like 1.5ish. Woah, I honestly don't know why I put that... 




 This isn't for advice animals. Go to a subreddit like /r/confessions or something. 




 Wow, that's amazing! I saw her in Les Mis in Fort Meyers, and I had heard so much about and of her. She is truly an amazing performer. It's great to hear that she's an awesome person as well.

Thanks so much! Hope unifieds went well(: 




 I have a very similar situation. My dad is a slight alcoholic, so whenever anyone I know / am around is drunk, I suddenly get scared and nervous. My dad has done very stupid things when he gets drunk, so naturally, I get scared. For example, my freshman year of high school, he actually picked my up raging drunk (like probably 1.5 or higher blood-alcohol level).

It is a naturally feeling to be nervous/uncomfortable with drinking, it just depends on the person. I personally feel like it's just stupid. Why drink something that's going to make your weird and out of control? You shouldn't need anything to have fun, you should just get high off life and enjoy it with a clear mind. It almost turns people into animals, in my mind. They can't actually make good decisions because they're not capable of reasoning. They just do.

And, to be honest, I have taken sips of alcohol from time to time, but only so that curiosity doesn't get the best of me and I get flat drunk. I just sip on it, realize it's gross, and move on. You don't want to risk the curiosity of why people do it getting the best of you.

I personally decide to set myself apart from people whilst intoxicated, and have learned that I can't stop them. It's a hard concept to deal with, and sometimes I get a lot of anxiety about it, but I know that I can't deal with being around that stuff, but I can't stop anyone. It's just one of those things that's completely out of my hands.

I'm sorry that you have to experience this, it's really hard. I honestly wish noone would drink; it's so stupid, and people die everyday from it. You just have to accept that it's a social norm and not much you can do about it, but decide that you're not going to.


Tl;dr   It sucks, and you're feelings are totally normal, but you can only control what you do.

EDIT:  Crazy typo on BAC, fix courtesy of nomopyt 




 What about with the couple? 




 I was at a presentation freshman year of high school with my entire class, and they showed a picture of a Uterus with cervical cancer. The speaker at one point said "Can we get a teacher over here?" We all seriously thought he was going to use female teachers to demonstrate something beyond embarrassing, but it had turned out a girl had passed out and needed to be carried out.

Tl;dr  A girl passed out a picture of cancerous uterus. 




 Can you tell me the story? 




 If you're going to use my single brew Keurig, throw the fucking pod away. It's not my responsibility to throw *your* shit away. 




 This. Yes. 




 Ha, that would have been quite the twist! 




 Well, I'm a she, but I don't know about the other guy. 




 I know, but that doesn't make it any less something he/she made up to whore in karma. 




 I've just gotten back into dance last July since a loong break, and I feel ya. I can tell you're obviously a *very* skilled dancer, but we all have our moments(: Haha, thanks for sharing! 




 I ask that you reread the previous comment. I find your argument invalid.
 




 Pretty sure this is a repost, but, regardless, it's adorable. 




 It's all practice. After you adjust to it more, it will become more natural and easy to control. I'm in the I-Can-Sometimes-Kind-Of-Control-It-Pretty-Well Stage. Don't worry, just keep pushing through. 




 You're somewhat correct. Users are supposed to take annoying, painful, etc. things they find in their daily life and, of course, blame Obama (all jokingly, of course). Redditors are not supposed the make things up, though. It's like if one were to take a picture of a flower, photoshop it to have two "heads," and then posted it to a subreddit like /r/mildlyinteresting. It would be interesting, if it were true. 




 Oh, I was gonna call butterface, but now... 




 It's okay you guys, it just fell off his ID. It can go on! 




 Yes.

When I was in seventh grade, I had a very stupid, very painful falling out with one of my friends, causing me to lose them all. I constantly wanted to disappear from sight and never be seen again.

That's when I decided to go into treatment. Best decision I ever made. 




 Already done. 




 Link:  http://www.reddit.com/r/ThanksObama/comments/1b1jki/not_enough_icing_on_my_oreo_thanks_obama/ 









 You're not alone.

I've been there and still find myself there sometimes. Hang in there. This story made me want to cry because it reminded me that what I feel, too, sometimes is real, but it reminded me that I'm not the only one.

Stay strong. 




 Came here to post that same comment. Thanks for doing it for me. 




 This person warmed my heart that words cannot express. Simply amazing.

Keep fighting, it's worth it. 




 Listen to the song "Beneath a Moonless Sky," it explains it all.

Here's the version I like, but it's hard to make out the words, so you'll have  to look the lyrics.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3V_AWjZgEU 









 Wow, that's amazing!! I usually don't fall for the bright colors, but that is beautiful!! Absolutely gorgeous. 









 Definitely better than Elena Rogers...

But really she is *very* talented. 




 YAY!!! Congratulations!! We're all so excited for you! Please follow up after the school year starts and let us know how it goes! 




 You're amazing! Thanks again(: 




 Thanks so much! 




 Oh my goodness, thank you so much! I really, really appreciate these tips!!
And I knew all the things about the oily skin, but thank you still. My problem is just that I don't hydrate enough during the day. It's a horrible habit that I can't seem to break.

Thank you so, so much (again)!!3 




 Thanks so much for your reply! I have oily, acne prone skin, so I'm inclined to say full coverage, but I'm worried that it'll be too... fake looking I suppose. I normally go with medium coverage, but I probably would prefer a fuller coverage. And I definitely want a matter finish.

Thanks so much!! 




 I'm always buy my makeup at drug stores / target because I'm fifteen and don't really have enough money to invest in good quality makeup. Now I'm very excited because I received a large sum of money for my birthday, and can invest in some good quality makeup! My plan is to go to a Mac store and just get some foundation, powder, simple things that won't use up all the money I received, but I will be very happy with.
So I was wondering if you ladies and gents had some advice for me on what I should buy: favorite products, dos and don'ts, etc.

Thank you so much!
xx 




 Found the link!
http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1aenk5/a_friend_of_mine_moved_into_a_former_drug_house/ 




 Not interested. Gerard Butler was a God awful Phantom... 




 Wow, that's an amazing story. Very inspiring. Thank you so much for sharing. 




 As a teen whose waiting for marriage, I'm honestly afraid that once I fully enter the "dating world," I'll be rejected for my choice to wait. I know that if he isn't willing to wait either, I should be strong in my decision, but sex is such a regular thing in relationships now, it terrifies me. I've been told that a relationship isn't a real relationship without sex. That terrifies me... 




 I can't tell you how many times I've gone on facebook before reddit, posted something I saw something to reddit, and then instantly gotten downvoted to hell. 




 It is? Huh, found this on facebook... Someone always beets me too it :/ 









 These are fantastic! I prefer the third, glasses are usually not the best for headshots, in my opinion. Your auditioners want to see your entire face and what their working with. You also look beamingly happy, and it made me feel happier instantly. It was definitely a stand out.

Great photos!! I wish you the best of luck. 




 How stupid are people? 




 I love this one. 




 *applause* 




 If you go to the frontpage and click on "Submit a new text post," it'll let you. 














 Reynaud's is a bitch. That's why we moved to Texas. Invest in a good pair of mittens, they will save you from serious discomfort. 




 The photography isn't great, but as for your work, I think it's very nice. Facial expressions are good and the angles are flattering. Just, as most have said, invest in a better photographer.

Best of luck(: 




 The color white and grey in general (not necessarily together). I don't know what it is, but it will make a man stand out in a very sexy way. 




 Old Spice is fucking delicious. I am instantly more attracted to a guy who wears Old Spice. 




 Oh God yes. This is the sexiest thing a man can wear. 




 Yes. I already find you attractive. 




 I assume (s)he means tighter as in not sagging, but skinny jeans are not the most attractive thing on a guy (though it's usually not a turn off). 




 Damn, girl!! GORGEOUS3 




 I moved to Texas four years ago, things like this don't fase me any more. 




 I'm currently in high school and hoping to wait until marriage to have sex. I know that it is a difficult commitment, but I want to do that for my future husband because I know that he's worth it. I haven't entered a very large dating atmosphere, so I'm worried just in general how that will affect my dating life. Is anyone currently going down this path? Do you have any advice or stories to help me out. All entries are welcome and appreciated.

Thank you! 




 TIL Quakers are still around. 




 I've had a similar situation with "hearing" a voice. I was fourteen and upset about something stupid and I asked something, though I don't remember what, and I felt as if I heard the word "yes." I can't believe it was over something so stupid, but I've heard others say they've heard this voice. I when I found out about others, it helped me believe that I wasn't just a young, hormonal girl, so I thought you might like to know.

Amazing story, made me smile(: Thanks for sharing. 




 Gorgeous! 




 Some people actually believe that... 




 I cannot believe this real... Congrats, femmes françaises! 




 you've never made the front page...

EDIT: Spelling 




 Yeah, before you posted yours. 




 nice repost, asshole 




 nice repost. just saw this on the front page of this subreddit. do you even try? 




 Haha, well sorry I couldn't help you then. 
























 love this!! 




 I would have gone with a warmer shade of pink, but otherwise, GORGEOUS! I love this look so much, and you are beautiful(: 




 You look great! Happy birthday(: 




 I was expecting a "You've sure got her back" type joke somewhere on here... 




 Well, happy cake day then! 




 The eyes look very nice(: I would add some color to your face (blush) and lips, and bring out those eyebrows a little more. You look great! 




 No. 




 You might want to post this to /r/motorcycles 




 I'm confused... Today is your cake day. 




 That's exactly what college is for. People that complain about a college degree not getting them a job went to college for the wrong reason. It is meant to enrich your mind, and in turn make you more skilled at your craft and hopefully more valuable to a workforce. Good for you(: 




 Damn, girl, you're talented!! 




 This is gold! 




 I had been on this subreddit for just under a month, and then one day I just wasn't motivated anymore. I realize that masturbating wasn't affecting my confidence or anything, I just decided that I wanted to stop. Now I can't get motivated again, and I thought if I heard some of your reasons why, I would find motivation in that.

Thanks for sharing! 




 You're not alone... 




 Hey, my area code is 972 as well! I don't know why I found that so interesting... 




 WOOW!! You look gorgeous! I'm officially obsessed with this look! 




 Do you mean is? 




 [Just gonna put this here...](http://i.imgflip.com/1bh6.jpg) 




 May I just say, you are gorgeous!! 




 No joke. 




 My first musical in high school was Grease. Couldn't agree more. 




 Love Never Dies.

No way in Hell. 




 Haha, your welcome, I suppose. Honestly, the story is so amazing, I wouldn't normally care. The only reason I point it out is it was actually a vocabulary word of mine (being in high school and whatnot) and couldn't resist.

Thank you so much for your contribution to reddit. Your posts will never be forgotten. 




 Oh. My. Lord.

My heart just wept... 




 This is amazing, and I appreciate what you've done here. I am so sorry for this, but I couldn't help myself...

... you're trapped between the split in the ice *floes*. 




 Anyone else start suddenly playing the soundtrack of *West Side Story* in their head? 




 Did you have another job while performing this job? If so, what was it? and if you didn't, what would you do while on your period? 




 Anyone else find this incredibly sad? 




 Oh... Haha, I hummed this to myself and though, "well, I don't recognize this tune from anywhere..." 




 Wow, that is a very good look on you!! I'm usually not a fan of bangs, but your face was made for them(: 




 Maybe, but that's just not how I look at it. I don't think He *did* it for me, He just helped me feel confident and strong enough to push myself to my fullest ability. But I completely understand why one might look at it that way. I just believe that there have been so many people that have helped me get to where I am today, and He had a portion too. Thank you for your support. It gave me a smile. 




 Well, thank you, and I understand how you would think that. I think I wouldn't have had the strength to push myself so much if it had not been for His mental support.

But still, thank you very much(: 




 Thank you so much(: 




 fixed post... http://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/1cre0b/what_the_power_of_prayer_did_for_me_this_week/ 




 Hi /r/Christianity,

I am a fifteen year old girl who is on her high school's drill/dance team. This week, we had tryouts for next years team to see who would make varsity and who would make Starlettes (JV). I am just about to graduate from my freshman year (so in tryouts, I am considered a sophomore), and since the beginning of this year, I have been a Starlette. I knew I was a better dancer and deserved to be on varsity, but I waited patiently for my turn to move up. Once tryouts came along I knew it was my time to shine.

But still, I couldn't do it alone. I knew that even when I had put forward my best effort, I still hadn't moved up during the year like some other girls had. I was confused and scared and had no idea what I was doing wrong. So I prayed. I have been praying for about a month that I would make the varsity team, with the help of St. Vitus (the patron saint of dancers) and St. Genesius (the patron saint of performers). God gave me the strength to work my hardest in the upcoming weeks to tryouts.
Well, yesterday was tryouts, and I made varsity! Yay!! And not only that, but as a sophomore, I made the highest score out of the whole team, plus a $100 scholarship. WOAH! My director told me that the judges were wondering why I hadn't tried out for officer (the highest authority position), yet I hadn't even been on varsity yet.

**Yes, I do acknowledge that it was my hard work that paid off, but I got the moral support from God. It wasn't like He told me *Okay, now do 100 jackknives and then sit in you splits for a minute, each side.* That was me. But I think He helped guide my patience and my focus. He inspired me to work toward this goal that I ultimately received.**

This is surreal. I honestly cannot believe I am so extremely lucky that such a thing could happen to me. This is almost unheard of, and I am so unbelievably happy. To add on, just two years ago I was fighting an extreme depression and battling thoughts of suicide, but God saved me. If I had given up then, I wouldn't be here now. Thanks to His guidance, I have never been happier. My life is going amazing, and I am so thankful to Him. Just ask, and He will do anything for you. You are His son/daughter and He could not love you more.

**TL;DR:** Trust in God. He will give you the strength to carry on, even when it gets tough. 




 I'm sorry. I guess I did misunderstand. I just got very defensive when I thought you were undermining my mistake. My apologies for lashing out. 




 Excuse me?

Being a part of a drill team is an extreme dedication that is hard to explain. You spend every hour of every day trying to be perfect, a goal that can never be truly reached. It takes so much concentration and strength. I put everything I have into this, but I couldn't do it alone. I have no idea what this has to do with me being a young person. Sure, there are many other things that are much more severe that the Lord has helped people with, but this is what is important to me. I am extremely embarrassed that you would suggest that people would "rip it apart." I'm sorry, but you made me feel like my accomplishment amounts to nothing.

Think before you speak. 




 Dem lashes... aw my gawd. 




 Congratulations! You look beautiful!! 




 Wow, that's amazing! 




 Hello lovelies,

I normally don't do my waterline, but when I do (for my drill team), it is a hot mess. (FYI: I use the twistable pencils aka crayon eyeliners.) Every single time it smudges everywhere. No matter what I do, it ends up all over my lower lids and looks horrible. Can anyone advise me on what to do? I'm sick of wiping my eyes to get all the ugly blackness off of them):

Thank you! 




 Thank you! 




 Can someone tell me what he said? It was deleted. 




 Yup. 




 That poor girl... 




 Ah. Sorry about that. 




 Why is this on this subreddit? 




 Same here. I was writing the word "label" trying to spell it as "lable." I could *not* figure out what I had done wrong. I also have gotten stuck over "santa" vs. "satan" quite a few times. That one is a bit more concerning. 




 Thank you for this!! I am currently enrolled in a Catholic high school, and I have much respect for the Islam faith. I understand that we have our differences and my beliefs differ from that of yours, but we are very similar and just want to love God. I'm so sorry that you're beautiful faith has been associated with such horrible acts that you and the vast majority your fellow Muslims are not responsible for.

Go in peace and love. 




 That's definitely enough proof for me. Dammit reddit...

Thank you! 




 Maybe Kids Bop is the Canadian KidzBop? 




 Nope. Sexy zebras. When I was in eighth grade, I had a friend so used this phrase instead of "cool" or "interesting." Now it's my username. 




 What was it like when you saw yourself for the first time all doctored up? Was it a relief, or strange to see a new face? On that note, how similar do you look in comparison to before that son of a bitch decided to fuck with the wrong woman?

Thanks so much for answer *so. many. questions.* you truly are amazing and I wish you an amazing life here on out. 




 Yeah, I've heard that they can be perceived as gay, but honestly, I think they are amazingly attractive. They hug and show *just* enough. 




 Relevant username? 




 Boxer briefs are so goddamn sexy. 




 I also cleanse my face in the shower. It's so convenient and refreshing! 




 That's the hardest habit to break, and you're not alone. I believe that it's okay to break once in a very few time. Just remind let this be a release, not a relapse. 




 I'm currently selling that on eBay. Price went from under a dollar to over ten dollars. 




 If it makes you feel better, most women think men should have to ball sacks. We only pretend to know what's going on, and it's easier to pretend because the male anatomy is somewhat less complex than a woman's. 




 Yeah, I use the ultra thin liners for when I have a super in and have to wear a thong. (Note:  I'm on a dance team.) 




 Yeah, when it first kicks in, you know. It's easier to tell when you get it when you wake up, but when it's during the day, personally, my thighs get sweaty and my uterus feels like it's being used for a scratching post. 




 I definitely get turned on more easily. The right song can send me into a dizzy fit on sexual tension. 




 You could say cool, I would say annoying... Haha, Glad I could help!
 




 That's fairly accurate. 




 For me personally, I've only had mine for about four years, but I have adjusted to knowing how my period works and understand it better. I am more of an instinctual person and have paid very close attention to how my body works. 




 I'm not going to lie, I don't know / haven't study much about what exactly is going on down there. I do know that the first few days is a lot of what seems like tissue and blood. The rest of the time is still the tissue, but not so much blood. To get a more accurate description, you would have to ask a professional, but I know for me, I never have only blood, but I do sometimes have only uterine wall.

EDIT: (Currently on my period) You can have just blood. 




 Yeah, I hate waking up to a dirty pad. I usually wear a pad in addition, but alone, it grosses me out too much. I never use a tampon for more than twelve hours. I usually switch them three times a day (partially because I'm too lazy to do it more): when I wake up, in the afternoon, and before I go to sleep. 




 Fenêtre. It means "window" in French, but I think it sounds beautiful. 




 Not at all. I actually find you quite beautiful. 




 I already posted this comment, but I'll just copy and paste it down here for you.

Too be honest, it can be hard to tell sometimes. For most women, you wake up in the morning and their tampon is still white, so they can move on. For other women like me, the bleeding stops, but the uterine wall still sheds for a few more days. In the end, a woman's uterus feels fresh and renewed, and your body kind of tells you when it's over.

To sum up, womanly instinct. 




 Damn you... 




 Too be honest, it can be hard to tell sometimes. For most women, you wake up in the morning and their tampon is still white, so they can move on. For other women like me, the bleeding stops, but the uterine wall still sheds for a few more days. In the end, a woman's uterus feels fresh and renewed, and your body kind of tells you when it's over.

To sum up, womanly instinct. 




 The bloating going away. Every period I get, my belly puffs up like a bubble. When it's done, I realize I have a great figure. It is a *huge* confidence boost.

I also have to add that you feel a lot less gross and, well, *are* a lot less gross when your uterine wall isn't coming out in bloody patches. I would add the cramps finally going away, but mine usually only stick around for the first half.

**TL;DR** You don't feel disgusted by your own body once it's over. 




 Daaayum. 




 I would've posted something in French just to see if anyone noticed... 




 You know, there's a reason we have subreddits like /r/confession ... If this were real, it wouldn't be posted here. 




 I took it in today and decided to let then go ahead and replace the hard drive. It was in really bad condition, and none of the files could be read. Thanks again for all your help(: 




 Thank you so much!! It really helps to understand the situation. I tried to repair it, but the b-tree problem arose and claimed that the disk could not be repaired. When I pressed my ear to the bottom of my laptop, I heard ten clicks, followed by two, four second vibrating noises. I assume that's he clicking sounds you were referring to, so I shut it off for the night.

Thanks again!!!! 




 I was using my laptop last night to listen to music, and I realized the music had become slow and choppy, so I decided to turn it off. When I turned it back on, it took a very long time and it popped up with a screen I had never seen before. (I'm don't really have an adept knowledge in computers, so please bear with my somewhat vague explanations.) It allowed me to navigate to something that told me I have an "invalid B-tree node size." I cannot access my files or desktop now. What does this mean? Can I fix it, and if so, how? 




 I was going to question the date, but then I realized that I'm just an American... *facepalm* 




 Yes, but I have come across people that have thought less of me when I have told them I am Catholic. In Catholic high schools, there is a large group of people who are atheist and I tend to socialize with the people a lot, just by chance. When they found out that I was not an atheist, some avoided me or just appreciated my company less. I guess it's just a level I can't relate to, but I still worry that they think I'm a nut or something.

I'm not crazy, I just think I have a loving Father waiting for me on the other side. 




 When I saw the title, I was not expecting gore makeup... Nonetheless, she did an amazing job! 




 **DON'T PRETEND YOU DON'T KNOW THAT WE GAVE YOU THE EIFFEL TOWER!!** 




 Can I have this? This pack looks AMAZING! 




 Not at a time like then, when they take over our subreddit... 

**TO /R/FRANCE!!** 









 **NON!! C'EST PENIBLE!!**

**THAT'S THE ONLY FUCKING FRENCH I KNOW TO INSULT YOU WITH YA DAMN COMMIE!! DON'T MAKE US TAKE BACK THE EIFFEL TOWER!!** 




 **NOT TO MENTION THE EIFFEL FUCKING TOWER** 




 Moisturize, moisturize, moisturize!!

I know that it can sound contradictory, but moisture is an oily face's best friend! When your skin becomes dehydrated, it overcompensates for the lack of water with *oil*. Benzoyl peroxide can also have a drying effect on the skin, so you can use it, but with moderation. Drinking more water can also help.

As an oily girl too, I hope this helps!!

P.S. **MOISTURIZE!!** 3 
























 I know it depends on where you live, but that seems crazy! From what I've looked up I've seen somewhere around $10. 




 I definitely get that. Thanks! 




 I'm combo/oily myself, so that's perfect! Do you have a reason that you prefer it? Thanks(: 




 That sounds great, thanks! I'm an NC25, do you have any idea what shade I would want to pick up? I'm horrible at choosing the right shade. Thanks again(: 




 Hello lovelies,

I am absolutely in love with MAC foundation, but have finally admitted to myself that, as a highschool student, I cannot afford it. (Yes, it was a sad day.) Do you guys have suggestions for what I should switch to, being on a LOW budget?

Thanks! xx

EDIT: Powder suggestions are welcomed as well(: 




 LOVE THIS! Absolutely gorgeous(: 




 Same here! Doing this for the sanctity of my (future) marriage and to get closer to God. There are some more personal reasons as well, but that's what brought me here! 




 I feel you... Ten days can do amazing things to you(: 




 This is the story of my life. 




 Agreed. 




 I agree. His name is Peter Joback, and I don't find the appeal... 




 I love Samantha's Christine!! But Peter... I don't know... definitely not my favorite. 




 I knew it! Haha, that's hilarious!! 




 I don't know why I click on that... 




 I would've instantly freaked out before taking the picture... 




 Morpheus is currently down, so maybe! That would be awesome. 




 My bad. I thought it was a retort to the "No." 




 I see now. Thanks. 




 Ah... Thank you. 




 ...an apostrophe? 




 Stop. Reposting. This.

Please. 




 Woah. I had no idea that they were literally knots. Thanks! 




 Woow!! I wish I was that creative! This is amazing! 




 Thanks! I would have really freaked out not having heard that!! 




 Thanks(: 




 Thank you(: 




 Awesome and gross. Haha okay. I usually gets vitamins and what not from Walgreens because they're cheap, but I was just wondering because I couldn't just find B. They were mostly B-12 and B-Complex. Do you have a preference, or don't know?

Thanks for the quick reply(: 




 Which vitamin Bs do you take? 




 As you've seen, treatment is available, and you should be okay. Sorry for that scare. I hope you're doing okay. 




 STDs are not funny. Even when easily treatable, they are diseases and definitely not fun. Sometimes it's too late to treat anyway. I think he'll be okay, but it's definitely a cause for concern. 




 You did an amazing job!! I think it honestly looks better than the original... 




 Thank you for that(: 




 The thing is, I don't really have a reason. I read about all these people who suffer so much from it and it made me decide to try and quit. It's like I know it's good for me, but I haven't gone through much of anything making it bad in the first place. 




 Just getting turned on in general. My body says I want to, and even when my brains says I don't, I relapse. 




 Thank you for the support(: 




 Thank you(: 




 Hey fapstronauts. So I've been feeling really lost and alone on my journey lately. We're 60,000 strong and yet I feel really alone in my chalenge. Maybe it's because I don't post enough with you guys, but also because 1) there's noone I know personally to relate to with this and 2) I feel kind of like a minority here being a 15 y/o girl. My weakest temptations are the ones that make me fall, and then I sometimes don't even feel bad. Any words of advice or inspiration? Mostly, I just needed to vent a little. 

NoFap, thank you for existing. Someday my life will different. 




 I don't know if there's something wrong with me, but that speech at the end made me want to cry. Thanks for this. 




 I definitely think it's harder as a teen with hormones, our brains not being fully developed, and whatnot. 




 I'm fifteen as well. Good to hear from other teens(: If you scroll down the page you'll see nine buttons, one of which says reset badge. 




 As a singer, that would be my dream come true. 




 The overall quality isn't quite what you'd want on a headshot. I also avoid windows because they provide really uneven lighting, which is really bad for headshots. Accent your eyes, they're gorgeous! 




 The camera angle is too low, and the attention draws to your clothes as opposed to your eyes. Smile also looks a little fake and ... awkward. Overall, it's a good picture of you, but not a great headshot. 




 This is the repost of all reposts,... but I still think it's hilarious. Have an upvote. 




 Figured that out recently, and I have. Thanks, though. 




 That sounds awesome. In the past, my mildest urges have gotten me to relapse. Hope I have that kind of self control someday(: 




 Totally agreed. It was like her jaw was nailed together. Also, she needs to put her chin down. It was like she was drawing a picture with her head. 




 Well, she did a great job!! 




 Best of luck to you. It's not an easy journey, but it's an amazing one. Make sure you set up a badge so you can track your progress with us(: 




 I'm so happy for you(: Do you remember when your urges kind of died down? Just curious. Thanks! 




 Totally agreed. I don't post too often, but I check the page everyday and usually comment quite a bit. Even if I just look at the top post really quick, I feel like I have so much support around me. 




 I think that would make me cry, and fap anyway... But hey, it looks like it's worked for other people(: 




 So cute!! I love that look! I usually see it with blue, but the pink with blue eyes looks GORGEOUS! 




 "I Have a Dream" and "I Dreamed a Dream" are very different songs... 




 Thanks, I'll try that(: 




 I've tried that, and it didn't even kind of work... Thanks for the advice, though(: 




 It's not that we can't, it's just that if we don't notice, we're gonna get an ass full of toilet water. I know a lot of girls are way too bitchy about this. Most of the time I notice and put it down myself. Most women figure that men just have to aim closer, but women may fall in. 




 Congratulations! Good luck on your journey, it's a hard one. Be sure to set a counter so you can view your progress! Also, have an escape plan. Plan something very specific to do if you feel the urge to relapse. As someone whose relapsed a handful of times, this is *very* helpful. Again, good luck! 




 Sex. Sex. SEX. Yeah, my cure for a headache used to be to masturbate. I'm feeling pretty calm now, but if any more websites suggest sex (or masturbation for me), then I'm afraid I might do just that.

Has anyone else come across this problem? Any tips? Good way to get rid of a headache?

Thanks guys. I'm so happy I found this subreddit. I know I'm only on day 3 now, but I have a feeling it's gonna stick this time(: Love you all. 




 I found it. It's right by the small lake. Hope that helps! 




 Very true. Thank you. 




 Just spent a few hours playing around with this house. It's amazing! 




 You're not alone... 




 Yes, I agree. This is a little insine. 




 You look fantastic! Glad to see you happy with your appearance. You're gorgeous. Keep posting. 




 What a title. 




 She does say that she can't live up to me a lot, but I don't know what to do about it. I can't stop being myself to make her happy. 




 I agree, but she won't go to counseling. And I've been to enough to where if I can be in a good, calm environment, I would be fine. 




 No. It starts with an M. 




 I was diagnosed over two years ago. I don't talk about it anymore. 




 Today's my mom's birthday and she's sitting downstairs crying. My sister thinks her life is over because she isn't in honors classes and is sixteen years old. My dad is too old to be dealing with teenage drama (he's almost 62). My sister hates me because I am happy, confident, and know what I'm going to do with my life. If I want her to be happy, I can't. She throws these huge temper tantrums, and everyone hates each other because of her. Not to mention, I have clinical depression, but I'm afraid to talk about it since she's already so messed up.

I don't think any of us can be happy until she leaves. 




 That is one beautiful dog!! 




 Having a pause button. I'll be sitting in class thinking, *wouldn't it have been nice if this morning once the alarm went off, I could have just paused and gotten all the extra sleep I wanted?* Or pausing just to finish my homework. This seeps into my thoughts all the time. 




 Ohhh.... Thanks! 




 Still don't get it... Care to enlighten me? 




 Did anyone else read that as hashtag one? I'm ashamed of myself... 









 It didn't help that it said Texas in the title. 




 I was so hoping that this was a gif. 




 Very true, and I am feeling better now, thank you. Hope you are aswell(: 




 No, but I've been through treatment before. There is a history of substance abuse (alcoholism) in my family, and I'm too afraid that I'll get addicted. I stay away from that kind of stuff. It's just not right for me. 




 Exactly... Thank you so much for the support. 




 Huh, I never thought of it that way. Thank you so much(: 




 I don't know, really. It's more depression as the disease than depression as the effect of something. It's hard to explain, really, so that's a completely valid question. 




 Thank you. I know, there really isn't much to say, but it's comforting just knowing that someone is reading this. 




 Nothing went wrong... I don't know, I just feel bad. My heart is kind of sunk, and I don't know why. Depression just sucks. It's always looming in the distance, but it wasn't too far away today. I'm normally not to stuck in my depression, or at least haven't been too sick for the past few years, but today, I feel bad.

This is a lame post, I know. I just needed someone to talk to. Thanks. 




 I don't even... Wow. 




 You're amazing!! Keep it up, you really have a talent there! 




 You are my favorite person. 




 I totally understand. Either way it's a good look(: 
























 I don't *know*. That's why it's a belief, not knowledge. I have taken time to think about my beliefs and practices and to me, they seem to be true to me. I'm not certain, but I believe. 




 Thank you so much. 




 You look lovely! 




 She is in the hospital with bleeding in her brain, and the doctor doesn't think she has much longer. She's 91 and had a great life, and she would have wanted to go suddenly. Please pray for God to help her in which ever way He chooses to. She is an amazing woman, and I love her so much.

UPDATE: Doctors say it was a stroke and she probably has less than a week... Please pray for her soul and my family. 




 You make a very good point. 




 It just seems like someone who is more familiar with law should be choosing someone's sentence. Judges and lawyers must have degrees, why not jurors? Thanks! 




 WOW! You look fantastic! I would never guess that you're the same person. Also, that lip color is perfect on you. 




 When I say different ways, I don't mean different "pictures". I don't think that there is a picture of God. I don't think he *looks* like anything. I don't think he has an image. Maybe God has revealed himself visually to certain people in the past, but that doesn't mean that's what He looks like. He just manifested Himself that way. I meant that He reveals himself through different situations. He reveals Himself when we're lost, in need of help, etc.

People fighting over what He looks like is ridiculous. God (despite Jesus) isn't a physical being. Again, I don't think He *looks* like anything. If/when I go to heaven, I'm not going to have eyes... Now Jesus was a man, but no one should claim to know what He looks like unless they met Him.

I believe Jesus came down to tell us to love and accept *everyone* and to judge no one. We don't know for sure what God wants, but we are made with consciences which, if correctly develop, should give us a correct sense of right and wrong. I don't believe God came down to John Smith and told him that something's a sin and told Suzy Jones that it isn't. People claiming that they know what God wants are incorrect. Now, He did give us things like the Ten Commandments, but things like that don't cover *everything*. Like the Ten Commandments say that you should not kill, but does that mean self defense is out of the question? The Church says it's okay, but does God think it's okay? We don't really know.

I hope that cleared things up, but I've had a long day, so it may be just as confusing... Also, I would like the note that these are *my* beliefs. 




 Yeah, sorry. It was ~3 in the morning. 




 Can't blame me for trying... (: 




 Jiffy! 1:04-1:05 




 Switch lives with me. Please. 




 I don't think anyone sat down one day and "invented" a God/gods. I think that either God reaches out to people and reveals himself to them. I am a Christian becomes something inside me tells me that there is a God out there that loves me, and I couldn't believe otherwise if I wanted to. Does that mean my beliefs are correct? I hope so, but maybe not. And then there are people from thousands of years ago who thought that it simply made sense for an omnipotent being to have brought the world into existence. What I believe is that maybe God presents himself to people in different ways, and they see Him in ways that make sense to them or seem like the God that they want to love and worship.

I hope that made sense... 




 No, I just think that *no* religious subreddits should be. 




 No, these questions are fine to ask if you're actually curious. They're pretty easily answered as well. They just made me feel more strong in my beliefs that I could answer questions about my faith. 




 I think that's a completely unfair thing to say. I would be totally open to answering these questions rationally and thoughtfully. 




 Hello TrueAtheism. I'm a Christian, and if you guys would like me to answer these questions, I'm totally open to it. I am fairly young, but I've read the list and I think I could answer them for my personal beliefs. All Christians beliefs are different either slightly or majorly, but I could definitely give you guys my perspective. If any answers seem unfit, I would be open to revising them so that they would be fit. So let me know. 




 I avoided reddit for such a long time because of this reason. As a Christian, I do NOT want /r/Christianity to be a default subreddit. It's I think it's a wonderful community, but completely insensitive and rude to those who are not Christians. I am so glad that it's not a default anymore. Most people who post there are mean, hateful people seeking out people who don't believe what they believe. 




 Or simply "just for some quick, cheap karma." Either way. 




 Um, I most people would agree with you? How the hell did this make the front page? You're obviously not the only one, karma whore. 




 Absolutely gorgeous! 




 Thank you so much(: 




 I'm currently am on vacation and haven't had a chance. If I decide to, I will definitely update. 




 Okay, I'll consider that. Thank you. 




 Great advice. Thank you very much! 




 Thank you very much(: I did word myself a little incorrect, though. I have decided on my career, but I'm just nervous about it. I'm going into musical theatre, and I'm just worried that I won't be good enough. I shouldn't worry so much, but I do. Thank you for your prayers! 




 I feel that I have a close relationship with God, but maybe I should try to get closer. Thank you(: 




 So glad I could help(: 




 Thank you so much. And you can pray for Nicole(: 




 That gave me a big smile! Thanks(: 




 Thank you for your advice. I'll be strong. 




 Thank you for this. It's really beautiful(: 




 I'm not sure what this has to do with my situation... 




 Okay, thanks very much(: God bless you. 




 Thank you. I don't think I wasn't sharing everything. I have no idea what I was doing wrong. Now, like I said, I'm just afraid to go back. I guess I'll have to find a way to face my fears. Thanks, again. 




 Aw, thank you so much. This made me feel better(: 




 Just caved after a 25 day streak. It was amazing, as now I feel awful. I wish you all the luck in the world. It is so worth it. Be strong. 




 Thank you for your advice(: I'll have to think about that. 




 but I'm afraid.

My last two confessions went horribly. They were probably two and a half years ago, and I left in tears. I remember both priests had given me a lecture. They weren't giving me advice to be a better person or Christian or anything, but told me thy my confession was "too vague." I have no idea what I did wrong, but I didn't leave feeling like I was forgiven like I had in the past. Now I feel like I have all this baggage from almost three years of sinning, and I'm worried I'll only make it worse. I'd pretty much sworn off confession because of these instances, but I feel like I need it.

Any advice? Thanks so much.

Also, sorry for any typos. I typed this up on my phone. 




 Thank you so much(: I am not currently, but I have in the past. I know how to deal with it, so I'm not to inclined to go back Ito counseling or anything. I'm also afraid to talk to my parents about it, so I don't really want to have to ask them. Last time I needed it I was twelve years old and suicidal, which I'm not remotely now, so I don't want to bring it up, now being fifteen. (Sorry if I carried on a bit, haha) 




 I would really appreciate some prayers from you guys right now. I kind of feel like my world is falling apart with my career being at question and my clinical depression looming over my head. Sorry for being kind of vague, but I need God's help, so I thought my fellow Christians could help me out.

Thank you so much. I love you. 




 Don't worry about it. People are entitled to their own opinion. There will be people that gawk at you for it, but ignore them. There are more people that don't like them / don't care about them than you would think.

Glad you could get this off your chest(: 




 That's a really good way to look at it. Thanks! 




 I'm glad you found something you love, but I do love singing beautiful music that amazing people have put together. And thank you or your support(: 




 I had the same problem for the past week or so (and just posted about it on /r/NoFap), and please, don't fall. I was at 25 day and like 30ish on here. Now I finally cave in to the same feelings you're having right now, and it was awful. I felt nothing. I immediately thought, *What am I doing?* and felt nothing at all. So, somehow, find a way to get excited about being porn free again. If I can help you through my experience, my failure will have a purpose. I know it sucks and exactly how you feel, but be strong. Giving up now will only increase the stress in your life. Remember when you were at day one, and all those people who were at a month or so seemed so far away from where you were? Don't go back to that. It. Is. Not. Worth. It. Trust me.

I wish you all the luck in the world. Stay strong, I'm rooting for you. 




 For the last week or so, I felt like I was fighting a losing battle. I would get really turned on and almost cave, but I wouldn't. For some reason, I kind of wish I had. Well, now I did, and it sucked. I immediately thought, *What the hell am I doing?* Then, I felt nothing. I tried to finish rubbing it out, but I just felt... unsatisfied. I've been nervous this whole time because I'm waiting to have sex until I'm married, and yet I just made a mockery out of that commitment. I'm an idiot. The one thing I can take from this is that now I have a short term goal, a month, as opposed to the next ten or so years... Pro Tip: Always make short term goals.

Tl;Dr:  Don't do it. You will feel nothing but shame and remorse. 




 I'm currently in high school and plan on pursuing a carrer in musical theatre. It has always been what I wanted to do. I know it's difficult and very likely that I will always be poor, but I'm okay with that because it made me happy and nothing else did. Recently my sister told me that I was a bad actor, and went into vivid detail of why she thinks so. She was angry with me at the time, but has never taken it back. Now every time I'm with my voice teacher I become insecure with myself and feel horrible for the next few days. I don't know what to do. I just feel like I have no idea what I'm doing and that I'm making a mistake... I don't know, I just feel awful. Like I said before, this was really the only thing that I am happy pursuing, but now every time I try I break down. I just feel like I'm never going to be happy with performing again. I'll just feel horrible afterward like I do after my lessons. I don't know, maybe it's all kind of ridiculous, but I feel like my world's falling apart even though I know I shouldn't let her get to me. Thanks for reading.

EDIT: Thank you all for your support and advice. I do want to say that I know very well that I will have a lot if criticism coming my way. The only reason it really bothered me is that this is my sister that has always supported me and been my biggest fan. I can take criticism, I just feel like she betrayed me as my sister and friend. She used to always be there for me and now I feel like she's against me. It wasn't the criticism itself. I just thought that needed to be said. Thanks again. 




 Damn... 




 If you scroll down any page linked to NoFap, you'll see on the right side there are nine boxes you can click on. If you click "Add Badge," it'll show you how to get one.

Good luck on your NoFap Journey! 




 I LOVE this! So pretty(: 




 LOL yes! I haven't mixed them up yet, but I'm awaiting my doom... 




 GORGEOUS! You look amazing. The look fits your very well(: 




 Absolutely gorgeous! You look like you stepped out of being a mother and housewife to a beautiful, young woman! 




 Oh my God, that's crazy! I don't even care that it breaks the rule of no screenshots. Haha, that'll be a good story one day. 




 Me too sister.
FTFY

Anyway, thank you for your support(: 




 This saved me as well(: I didn't do it! Actually, it kind of wasn't my choice because I got pulled away from my computer, but still! I read this post and it made me feel so much better. Thank you! 




 LOL! Too bad I'm not a guy... Gave me a god laugh, though. 




 I'd love it if someone could help me out here. Thanks.

UPDATE:  http://imgur.com/ZobtGPr 




 Congratulations, and welcome back. I hope that you continue on your path to God. I'm sure that He is glad that you've returned, and all is forgiven. It warms my heart to know that you've found love in God. 




 nice repost. 




 Seriously? This was on the front page. Don't steal other people's material! 




 Hey, we're on the same day!!

Anyway, I definitely feel your pain. It sucks. Try to be strong. It is so worth it. 




 I wish you the best. It must be tough, and I'm sorry that you fell. Stay strong on your new path back to where you were. 




 I'm good with that. I like being a Duchess(: 




 What a beautiful little girl! You two did a great job(: 




 Good luck man. My last streak was eight days, and now I'm almost at 3 weeks going strong. Be strong. 




 We have those sons of bitches in Texas too. I hate those things... 




 Thank you very much. 




 Things are great! My mom retired early this year, and my dad has been retired since before I was born. Luckily, the financials worked out, and here we are! My mom and I definitely spend a lot of time together, but my dad and I, not so much. My dad actually turned 62 this month and my mom is 55. I think that having kids at their age has kept them young. Yes, they are much older than most parents of kids my age, but they don't look like it or seem like it at all. 




 Yes and no. My mom retired at the beginning of this year, and I missed her so much. I really appreciate the time I have with my mom now. She is a lot more relaxed and nicer than she used to be. I think it's the best thing to have happened to our family.

On the other hand, my dad has been retired since before I was born. He seems really bored with his life and has blamed my sister and me on a few accounts for that. I love him, but I think he has grown impatient with being a father. 




 Nope. My parents got married when my mom was 31 and my dad was 38. It took them seven years to have my sister, and I was born the next year. They wanted to have three or more. 




 Not sure if anyone will be interested, but if you are, ask away! 




 This is amazing. Thank you so much for sharing. 




 ...What the hell idd I just watch? 




 I personally like Period Diary. I like the layout better. 




 LOL! That intro made my day(: And I'm very glad to hear that I'm not the only one! I'm fairly young and somewhat new to the whole world of dating, and sometimes I get really afraid that there aren't other people (or men really) like us. So, even though people like us are a "rare breed," it is reassuring to hear from one.(: 




 I'm waiting until marriage because I love my future husband. I don't know him yet, but I know that he will be the love of my life and the father of my children. Well, I shouldn't say I *know* that, but that is why I wait. He will be the person I love most in life and the only person I will *want* to have those moments with. I don't want to have sex with someone that I won't love forever. I don't want to have sex with someone that I will grow to hate. I don't want to have sex with twenty guys, ten guys, or two guys. I want to have sex with one man. I want to have my children with one man. I want to be forever bonded with one man: my husband. 




 I seriously love all of your posts. You're amazing! 




 Wow... That's horrible. I love your everyday makeup though(: Happy birthday! 




 LOL! That's great man, keep up the work. I always get excited when I see you appear(: 




 That's exactly it! Thanks(: 




 Yes and no. I came here for religious reasons, but continue for personal reasons. 




 Just so you know, as a 5'10" woman, most tall women I know dream of meeting a 7' tall man. You have a lot of sexy, tall women in your future. 




 Yeah, I've tagged him as "Is Actually Relevant; Do Not Trust". 




 I'm now out of school and getting more sleep, so I've been having these long, complex dreams every night. Usually somewhere in the mix, there's a wet dream, but it's not really a wet dream. I get turned on and either almost fap (schlick, I guess) or I almost have sex (I'm a virgin by choice), but then I feel guilty and don't give in. I usually wake up feeling kind of unsatisfied because dreams are kind of freebies. Then I think that I should be proud that my brain is being taught to really control itself, even when not in control... I don't know really how to feel about it.

Thoughts? Similar situations? Please share! Thanks for reading. You guys are amazing. 




 YES. Have you seen that new Durex commercial? It's like three or four couples having really intense sex. I saw that commercial so many times today, I'm *really* proud of myself for not letting it get to me. 




 I feel you. I am waiting to have sex until after marriage, and I'm kind of terrified. I'm currently fifteen, and I'm scared to not have another sexual pleasure for maybe another fifteen years. I'm also afraid that I'll give in to sex so that I won't give in to fapping (schlicking I guess). Glad to know that I'm not alone(: Be strong. 




 Oh my God! This really made me laugh. You're schooling experience must have been... interesting. Thanks for sharing! 




 Yeah, that's definitely why. Sorry that we Americans have it so cheap! 




 Okay great. Thank you so much for your help! 
























 Sounds awesome! I'm only allowed to wear black liner, but I'll definitely check it out. Thanks! 




 Hello lovelies,

I'm on my high school's drill/dance team and am having some trouble finding some really good eyeliners that have a nice pigment and can stay on for a long time w/o smudging. So, what's your favorite? Thanks(: 




 Oh, haha, probably is. I just assume they weren't Internet savvy or from a country where English isn't their first language. 




 It's a joke. Livestream is when a person is currently recording it as you watch. Like live TV. 




 It's okay. Just says yes. 




 You can do this for any day of the week. I used to do this all the time as a kid, it's pretty lame. 




 Honestly, the flash mob itself was pretty cringe-worthy. He was just funny. 




 I felt violated just listening to him saying "lick your vagina"... WTF is wrong with this guy? 




 Time of my life, but I'm immediately arrested for disturbing the peace, public nudity, and and beastiality. Probably shouldn't have stayed at the zoo... 




 David Schwimmer is absolutely brilliant. 




 Crazy... I'm glad that no one got too hurt though. Thanks for sharing. 




 Oh my God, that's insane... Sorry you had to go through that. 




 What he wrote down? 




 I find her kind of scary looking now... I think she would look ten time better if she had never touched the stuff... 




 When Ross talks about Ben's first word...

Carol: "What'd he say?"

Ross: "Something about hi..."

Every time... it just kills me. 




 I forget the title, but the episode with Joey and Janice's day of fun, at one point it just says Poop. I love little easter eggs like that(: 




 I'm pretty sure they also addressed it in the pilot, but not everyone had actually seen it so they didn't know. 




 Well, they'd only known each other for three months, but... damn. 




 Made me think of this...

http://bifftees.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/58coon.png 




 These people are going to die. 




 No, juggalos are guys...

EDIT: Lol, nope, I was wrong. It's a girl... Mind = blown. 




 It's okay. It's not your fault. You didn't know. 




 I'm thinking the same thing... Really worried for her. 




 What the fuck? 




 This is really awesome of you. 




 Prayers sent. I am so incredibly sorry. Just know that there is a light at the end of this dark tunnel. We love you. 




 I have a similar problem. I went on three three week streaks, and now I haven't made it to a week in a long time... Getting closer, though. Keep pushing. We all support you. 




 Never make a student do something *your* way (i.e. take notes, etc.) This should be obvious, but I had a teacher that required us to take handwritten notes every class. Instead of doing this, I just didn't take notes at all. No way in hell I'm writing all that down by hand.

Also, make sure you *know* and research when you teach. I mean, if someone asks a question and you answer with "I'm not sure, but I think..." that's fine. But that same teacher I had spewed crap all the time because she never researched any of the topics she talked about.

I'm sure these are two pretty obvious things, but I'm just telling you the two most awful thing my worst teacher did to me. I wish you the best of luck! Enjoy your time, and your students may follow. 




 I had an amazing Biology teacher who would *always* have things graded before the end of class or by the next class, even tests (and no, they were not Scantron). There was only one time that she couldn't and she honestly apologized to our class. That woman is a goddess. 




 This. I hate any class that has a student like this in it. I can't focus because I'm thinking of how long it's going to take before someone shuts him/her up. 




 What's wrong with Blackboard? I use it quite productively. 




 Wow! You did a fantastic job!! 




 She could be the poster girl for daddy issues... 




 Yay, VSauce! 




 I don't see how this is cringe worthy... 




 I'm sorry if I don't check reddit every moment of every day... 




 Wtf? Nice reply to your only comment... 




 Is this real? I think it must be fake or by some dumb kid... It might be real, but it's just so insane, it's hard to believe. 




 Congratulations! 




 Absolutely adorable! 




 I would x-post this to /r/WTF before someone else does. 




 not really WTF worthy... cool video, though. also, it was on the front page of /r/videos recently. 









 This probably won't be the worst one you'll hear, but my Theology teacher used to wear this *to work* (school). tall brown ugg boots, green jeans, and a yellow t-shirt. First of all, it didn't match and was hideous. Second of all, she looked like a damn Christmas tree. 




 Try posting this on /r/funny or something. Not very WTFish. 




 Two reasons that some may have. 1) Straight men think that looking rugged and as if they don't care suggests how masculine they are. 2) Just like straight women "dress to impress" men, some gays do the same.

Just to note, not *all* gay men dress better, just some. That's a bit of a stereotype, but this is ELI5, so I'm not going to make a big deal out of it. 




 Prayers sent. I'm so sorry that you have to go through this. Be strong... We love you. 




 Thanks so much! You did a great job(: 




 I find the straight up ponytail kind of distracting, so can you just cover it up with the bleachers? Should be any easy fix. Thanks(:


Link:  http://imgur.com/MSH2vIX

EDIT: Thank you guys for your submissions! All are great(: 




 Absolutely stunning. Best rainbow eyeshadow I've ever seen. 




 Oh, okay. That makes a lot of sense! Thanks(: 




 I understand that genetic mutations and things cause organisms to change to better fit their environment (or something like that), but how do they/their bodies know what to do? Like how the armadillo evolved to grab at dirt as it digs under so that it can't be pulled out of the dirt. How did its body know how to solve this problem? Thanks, I hope my question makes sense. 




 Maybe it could be disputed as an opinion. Like if I said that being covered in bacteria is just as bad as being covered in snakes, that would be my opinion. Maybe most would disagree, but you couldn't say that it's not *true*. That's my best guess. 




 Burning alive. 




 I'm sick of seeing this. The world was a terrible place in comparison to life today. That's why Jesus had to come and save the world. People were doing terrible things, and He needed to set it straight. Keep this on /r/atheism.

EDIT: Clarity 




 They mean their reddit cake day. A real life cake day is a birthday. 




 Definitely not! You look amazing! 




 1) What the fuck?  2) Wrong subreddit. 




 No, but we all have our own reasons. Maybe you have insomnia, maybe you procrastinate, maybe you have anxiety, maybe you'd just rather be awake on the Internet than be asleep. I can't answer that question for you. 




 That's a question you should be asking yourself. 




 It's real... That woman is a horrible person who shouldn't be allowed anywhere near people, nevertheless children. 




 Thank God. 




 Oh my fucking God. This woman shouldn't be allowed on the streets! Who the hell would subject their child to such treatment? 




 Yeah, I think that she decided she wanted to leave, so she left and they added the trowing up sound effect. 




 What I think is that she decided that she didn't want to watch that anymore, and they added in the vomiting sound effect. 




 As a musician, the horribly off-key music was cringe-worthy enough. Then it just went downhill... 




 I dream of a day where everyone shaves their head and only wears wigs. How convenient would it be! I could have any hairstyle, length, or color I want on any day! Just know that you're living my dream...(: 




 Best answer I've gotten for this question. You win(: 




 I'm so sorry; I feel awful for you. I've had those days, and they suck. I wish there was a way I could help you, but just know I'm sending all my good thoughts your way. I hope everyone here has made you feel at least a little better and know that we all feel for you and wish you didn't have to go through this. Hold on... it'll get better. 




 Same happened with me on my Mac foundation, powder, and primer... It's a crappy feeling. Sorry that this happened! 




 If you were stranded on an island and could only bring three things of your choice, what would those three things be? 




 Are you okay? 




 That little girl doesn't seem upset that she just watched two people die, one being her mother... 




 There's nothing here... 




 Thanks, I'll look into that(: 




 I am. I take voice lessons, am in the musical, am on my school's choir, and very intensely involved with my school's dance team (which involves most kinds of dance). I'll probably go into dance classes my junior or senior year, maybe even this year. Now I just have to figure out how to get more involved in acting. 




 Great idea. Thanks, I'll definitely try to do this.

And, just to note, I am training to be a triple threat. I'm on my school's dance team, choir, and I take voice lessons. I just need to figure out how to get more acting in. I think this will definitely help. 




 Hi there. I'm currently a sophomore in high school planning to pursue musical theatre, and I feel really nervous about my acting. I'm not quite sure how to find ways to improve myself. The only way that I'm involve in my school is the musical, which I'll probably be in the chorus for. Any tips on how to better myself? Thanks. 




 Very impressive! I love what you did here!! But you skipped by favorite princess, Ariel. I request that you do more, so I can see her. (; Hats off, you did a great job. 




 Omg I don't know why, but I found this hilarious. I feel bad for it, but oh my God, I laughed so hard. 




 Jiffy! 1:16-1:17 




 Well, I think you'll have my vote. Best of luck. 




 Most cringeworthy post this subreddit has every seen. 




 I have a friend who thinks that if she eats carrots her breasts will go. She hasn't stopped even though after years she's still completely flat chested. 




 Especially once they grow up and fall in love with someone who is a jerk to them... 




 This is a repost... 




 Well, I don't believe people came up with God on there own. I live in the belief that I don't understand and know everything about this world, and there are things that no one understands about it. My beliefs are what I believe and what I hope to find to be true one day. I love living this way, so yes, I do think it's a good idea. Maybe not for everyone, but for me. 




 The above is absolutely correct. Additionally, musicians get very personal with their music and if no one person is controlling the tempo, it'll continually change due to certain sections or instrumentalists taking the tempo that they find is correct. 




 LOL very true... 




 Thank you so much.  
























 Well, they're fun to squeeze and stuff... 




 I learned that while in the hospital being treated for depression, so if you want to find it online, feel free. That's not where I learned it. 




 Children of one alcoholic parent are 50% more likely to be addicted to substances. 




 Okay, but I don't even want to drink when I'm of age, so I obviously don't want to do pot or anything else. I come from a family of alcoholism, so it's more likely for me to become addicted. It's not worth it. 




 Breasts don't make me feel like "a beast with a mane." 




 lol, her handwriting is crap. 




 no worries, i got it. i just like to brag about what a good kid i am :P 




 lol, not me. i'm a singer and a dancer; my body is too important to me to put poisons in it. 




 Holy crap, pre-cal and you're thirteen. THAT'S AMAZING!

But I understand the feeling. I eventually learned to not care what my parents or anyone else expected or wanted of me, but for my goal to be proud of myself. Now I hold myself to a high standard and am happy with who and where I am. I have room for improvement, but I know that, noone is telling me it. I know it's easier said than done, but I did it and it feels amazing.

*hugs* 




 Fifteen, and never touched the stuff. Never will. 




 [How I feel reading this thread...](http://data2.whicdn.com/images/36428642/tumblr_m9mwckWbYT1rfolixo1_500_large.gif) 




 That shouldn't matter. If he/she cares, you either don't know them well enough or are going after the wrong person. 




 As a girl feeling really lonely this time of year, I second this. 




 I'm a girl. I feel left out too. 




 Seinfeld is pretty awesome. 




 Oh wow, this is GORGEOUS! Thanks for sharing! 




 Really? 




 That's awesome! Always have goals in place. If you just keep going without a set goal, it makes it harder.

You know, I'm not one of those people who were really addicted or anything, but I feel more in control of myself. I feel proud and clean to say that I don't masturbate. 




 Thanks! 




 You too(: 




 Let's do it together(: 




 Thank you(: 




 Yay! That's great, congrats! Keep pushing, it's so worth it! 




 Congrats! 




 Hell yeah! I'm proud of us too. Let's do this! 




 Yes. 




 Well, it's actually been pretty easy this run, but still looking forward to more ease! Thanks so much(: 




 Try flipping the pic and reposting. 




 Best of luck! My advice is to keep yourself as busy as possible. When you do, it kind of flies by! 




 Awesome quote, very helpful. Thanks for sharing! 




 Yay! Nothing to say, just felt like sharing(: Have a good day! 




 Omg, I meant to say month... I don't know what's wrong with me. 




 It gets easier and feels shorter as time goes on. Just keep yourself busy and it will make your journey a *lot* easier. 




 Awesome! Nothing to say, just felt like sharing(: Have a good day!

**EDIT:** Oh my gosh, I meant to say month... Woops. 




 Oh, okay. I had that happen to a friend. Sorry to hear. 




 wrong sub 




 Ow. What'd you do? 




 *That's* your running late makeup? Not fair. You're so gorgeous. 




 Thanks for reading. 




 Hmu if you need some help. 




 Hey, congrats on four weeks! 




 Thanks(: 




 Tonight, I was tempted for the first time in my longest streak ever, and something changed. The feelings were between mild and strong and the demons were tempting me (metaphor), but... I didn't give in. I was strong. Usually no matter how small the temptation is, I give in.

I'm changing. ... I'm changing! Holy crap, I'm actually becoming a better person!

I never felt as if my life was changing until now. I just decided that I would be better off if I quit, and now I realize why! I'm actually changing my life.

Be strong in your journey, even when it's seemingly impossible. **You can change too.** 




 Are you joking? 




 /r/NoFap is an absolutely wonderful community. I'm currently on day 27 of my streak and feel so much more wholesome and pleasing to God. I highly suggest you check it out. I had been struggling with thinking about quitting, but this community helped me make the jump. Please check this out, it does wonders!

I would like to add that there have been times where I felt like God was always by my side and times where I couldn't *feel* Him at all. That's okay. I understand the fear; I have felt it too. That's kind of what faith is about. Believing and following through thick and thin. Don't think that He has abandoned you just because you feel more distant. It doesn't happen for a specific reason that I know of. He will always be here for you. And we're here for you too. 




 It's really not bad, but I'm glad you asked because airy sound is my biggest pet peeve. When you sing, focus your sound forward. Imagine you sound is a laser beam and it shoots straight into the ridge in the front of your mouth where it goes from flat to a hill by your teeth. (I hope that made sense...) Also, picture your sound as a laser beam and not a flashlight. These things sound weird, but then can almost automatically improve your sound(: 




 Oh damn... I was not expecting that. 




 He's also wearing Heeleys. 




 Omg, it's you from the towel turban thread! Lol small ~~world~~ subreddit :P 




 and a half... 




 Warm up everyday. Push yourself further and further out of your comfort zone. While warming up, crescendo the entire phrase. I know this isn't awesome advice, but the best I can provide through a comment and without actually hearing you. 




 [Finally, I can show off my purple towel!](http://imgur.com/zehGhgi) 




 What the hell? I took Geometry my freshman year and it was so damn hard... Serious jealous vibes going your way. 




 Remember when you could rewind a YouTube video without having to reload the entire page? 




 So much better. Very nice look on you! 




 Wow! These are amazing!! We're so happy for you(: 




 I'm trying(: Best of luck to you as well! 




 Great idea! Tails. 




 Welcome, we're glad to have you! My advice is 1) Keep yourself busy. If you're too busy doing something, your mind doesn't have time to make you fall. If you're feeling the urge to relapse, take a walk, call up a friend, do *something*.  2) Your body will trick you. The reason that I have relapsed before is that when you get really turned on, your body will tell your brain that you don't want to get turned off, distracted, whatever. *But that is wrong.* Whenever you feel the tiniest urge and your body is telling you how nice it is, get busy or come here to NoFap.  3) This is more of a personal idea, but I don't think cold showers are very helpful. For some people they are, but to me, the last thing I want to do is get naked and alone. If it works for you, great, but it never worked out for me personally.  4) Post or read as much as possible. This journey is so much easier when you know someone out there is rooting for your success.  5) Your relapses suck, but they make you stronger in the end. If you fall, pick yourself up and vow to make your next streak longer. The worst thing you can do for yourself is accept your failure, but then *continue* to fail.


Well, hope you enjoyed that wall of text. Good luck! Best wishes! 




 You know, I can't say that I've really noticed much. I wasn't hardcore addicted when I started here, but I chose to quit because of my faith. I never even felt *that* bad doing it, but I'm glad to know that I can control myself. I don't have to listen to what my body wants. 




 Glad I could help(: 




 Congrats! 




 Well, it's not an actual split, but that is a cool gif. 




 Glad I could help(: 




 My secret. **Keep. Busy.** I have been so busy these last few weeks I didn't even notice how much progress I've made. I should be proud of myself, but it's been so easy.

So, if you're feeling tempted, go for a walk, call up a friend, do something to take your mind off of it. When your mind tells you that you don't want to be distracted, rise above it. Be a better version of yourself everyday.

I love you guys. Stay strong. 




 My thoughts exactly. 




 Mine are too, now that I think of it. Thanks for sharing. 




 Sorry man. Best of luck to you and your girlfriend! 




 Wow, this was awesome. Thanks for sharing! 




 Sophomore here. All I want is some damn sleep... I have so much on my plate right now I feel like I could break down at any minute. So many of my classes I have assignments to do, papers to write, projects to finish, but I don't understand anything that I"m doing. I don't know if this helps at all, but **you're not alone**. We're here suffering with you. Trudge on 3 




 Okay, thanks(: 




 Wow, thanks(: I also have one question. Does it really prime like it says it does, or should I continue to use my primer with it? By the way, I have oily skin. Thanks again, this was really helpful(: 




 Do you have a drugstore foundation that you would suggest over them? 




 Hello lovelies,

I'm going to pick up some foundation tomorrow, and my favorite YouTube makeup artist switched from Colorstay, what I'm using now, to the 3-in-1 foundation. I don't really have any problems with the Colorstay, but our skin is very similar and I was considering making the switch. Have any of you tried one or both, and do you have a preference? Thanks(:

EDIT: Sorry, typo. I meant **Revlon Colorstay**. The 3-in-1 is Covergirl. My bad. 




 With the right guys, I think we could build a better view of women altogether! but that's quite ambitious(: 




 I'm right there with ya sister. Yw(: 




 It definitely was(: 




 Oh man... Girl, you have some be-U-tiful eyes!! Love this look! I would try sharpening up your brows a bit, though. The subtle filling makes them look a little messy. 




 Woow. You are gorgeous! Even in bad lighting, I absolutely love this look. Plus I'm super jealous of your brows. 




 You are so pretty! I think you did great(: Keep posting! 




 You are so sweet!! I love hearing from guys on this subreddit. Glad you enjoy it! Would love to see your gf join us(: 




 Wow, this looks like an awesome liner! Thanks(: 




 I'm on Chrome and it doesn't work and never has. 




 He has the exact same voice as Will Smith. 




 No way he's over 18... 




 Not cringe-worthy at all. Just funny. 




 Awesome, thanks so much(: 




 Wow, sounds great! Thanks(: 




 I got that one in white and it was very crumbly and I kind of hated it... Thanks for the suggestion, though. 




 Yeah, I've been looking at that one this afternoon, and it looks really awesome. Still deciding if I want to dish out the money for it though. 
























 Thanks(: 




 Hey everyone. As one of the few females here, I would just like to remind anyone who reads this that there are ladies out there. I have been called brother, man, and had inquisitions about my penis. I am not a man, nor do I have a penis. It is sweet to call someone your brother, but I am not your brother. Maybe we can somehow include this in the flair? I would really appreciate it...

Anyway, have a good day! 




 But I love this community... I don't want to leave just because I'm a woman. Maybe we can just have a reminder that we are not all men? 




 Well, I'm a woman, if that helps paint the picture... 




 That's true... Kind of like an alcoholic having a beer, I guess: didn't get wasted, just had some to calm the nerves... Thanks. 




 You're welcome! Feel free to friend me or whatever if you have questions / need support(: 




 That's a really good point... I probably will and just be glad that I didn't binge or anything... I just feel stupid for doing it and being so far (which is totally normal). Thank you. 




 Oh, haha. I thought you meant like a regular old glove. I suppose I could try that. 




 Absolutely! 15/f here! Just prepare yourself for being called brother, man, etc. This is a wonderful community; I'm so glad you're checking it out!! 




 Really? Why do you think I shouldn't? 




 I'm not a guy. 




 I guess this is a stupid question, but I haven't in the past. I feel really stupid because when I was doing it, I thought it didn't count. If I thought it as counting, I wouldn't have done it. I guess I just need to hear what you guys think... Thanks.

UPDATE:  I'm resetting... I'm not being true to my mission if I cheat myself. This sucks, but I'm doing it. It's not hard mode if I allow myself to take the easy way out.

UPDATE 2: Now I'm undecided... I didn't finish, so why should I, right? Because I still purposely engaged my sexual organs... I don't know, this is a tough decision for me. I think I'm gonna sleep on it. 




 I must have these. 




 A lot of nights, I have vivid dreams of masturbating. When I wake up, I sometimes find myself touching myself. Should I be concerned or discouraged? I'm doing this while I'm unconscious, but I'm not sure how I should feel about this. 




 Lol, I am, but that won't be for another 281 days. 




 Oh, okay. Good to know(: 




 Cyan...? The stars are definitely light green. I do agree that the numbers are barely legible, though.

EDIT: Oh wait, no I see that there are green, blue, and purple stars. My mistake. 




 I don't like this... I used to have a gold star that felt like a medal. Now it's just a simple green sticker in which you can barely read the "2"... This may sound a little over the top, but this is a bit of the slap in the face. Makes my time spent feel a little lesser in importance... 




 Woot woot! We got this!!(: 




 I'm such a better person now. I'm more outgoing and have a lot less problems with my depression. I feel proud of myself and I love myself for that. 




 There's actually a $2.84 near me. 




 I like the rocket, but I cherish my star. 




 Hey everyone!

I just wanted to share with you guys that although this has been a tough week, I'm only a week away from 90 days!!

Keep pushing yourself, guys. It is so worth it! 




 No... Alaska's ground is earth, not ice. The glaciers in Alaska do not constitute as part of Alaska. That's like saying Michigan is mostly Lake Michigan and Lake Huron. 




 This was amazing. Thanks so much for sharing. 




 Look at all that hair... 




 Please send this in. It's amazing. 




 Lights will guide you home 




 My dog LOVES playing with hair ties!!(: 




 This is a *really* good look on you! 




 Yeah, she definitely did. Maybe that is how she meant it, but I think she just worded it more harshly. 




 I think what she's trying to say is that if a friend hates someone because they wronged them in some awful way, then you shouldn't be friends. Like if some girl called me a stupid whore and gossipped about me a lot, I wouldn't want my friends to be friends with her. 




 I enjoy it when I have time to sit down and doll myself up. When I'm rushing to look acceptable and run to class, it's pretty crappy. 




 Also, I think it's worth noting that if you genuinely thought your hair didn't look good, say something like "Oh you think so? Thanks so much! I was feeling insecure about it." Be nice and let them know that they were being nice to you. No one needs to know that you have deep rooted self image problems. 




 Not so far. It's been fairly smooth, but obviously I'm not too far into my 70-90. 




 I would assume it was because she was a teenager. 




 Of course(: 




 Quick post to remind you guys that **it does get easier**. I remember a time where I just didn't care and gave in thinking I could never do it, and here I am on day seventy and it's never been so easy. It eventually just becomes instilled in you to be clean. Are there temptations? Hell yes, but the difference is you determination in saying no.

Be strong, it is so worth it. Feel free to ask for advice or tips, if you like. 




 NFP doesn't follow the Rhythm Method anymore. 




 This isn't the right place for it, though. There's /r/depression and other subreddits like it. 




 Glad I could help(: 




 TO THE FLAG 




 This is awesome! Best one on the sub so far(: 




 THIS JUST MAKES ME WANT TO SAY THE PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE! 




 Oh yeah, totally. I was way too run down to think outside of the box like that, lol. Thanks(: 




 Ah, got it. Thanks. 




 I don't know; I just think acro is so distracting. The audience doesn't pay attention to the emotion and the song, we just hope that he won't drop her... I didn't get any real emotion from it other than fear for the girl. 




 Are you kidding? You're gorge. 




 I face away from the water. I like to breathe ^and ^sing. 




 That makes sense. Thanks(: 




 Hi there, boy. What do you look for in a girl? Appearance, personality, the whole package. 




 Kind of an awkward question, but is it intimidating to you guys that I'm fifteen (a sophomore), but (I've been told that) I look like I'm 23? I have almost no guy friends (or "romantic interests") because guys never even approach me. Thnx xo 




 I'm so glad to know I'm not alone on that... I was wondering if I should go a few grades or if they just had extremely high expectations. 




 Same here. Sophomores and juniors took the PSAT today; all of us had form W. 




 I've had it stuck in my head ever since.. 




 How the hell did you get b and c? 




 What happens to him? 




 Well, I warm up for ~30 mins. You should be able to tell because your vocal chords should feel almost stretched or relaxed (if that makes any sense). Doing scales and things should come at ease with your voice. 




 Have you been doing sufficient warm ups? 




 *It's

I'm sorry... 




 Same here. It's the only way! 




 This is a really sexy look! Sorry about the breakup, *hugs*. 




 Yes, girls. Good luck to you! 




 I always thought they were things that might come up in normal conversation, so it never really struck me. I was just glad that they didn't change them to obnoxiously avoid being sued like "Pottery Farm" or something like that. 




 That's exactly what I meant; I've been too tired lately to put it into words like this. Thanks for explaining! 




 That's a really good idea. Thank you. 




 That's a really good point. Thanks(: 




 I don't think I could up and choose to believe something other than what I believe. I think something convinces you, and you can't think otherwise. You may have your mind changed, but I don't think it's a *choice*, if that makes sense.

Thanks for the advice! 




 I want to do this. 




 Okay, thank you. 




 That's a good idea. Thanks for the advice! 




 That makes a lot of sense. Thanks(: 




 No, I didn't actually get to natural planning. I just said that I'm starting to become "super Catholic," and she took it from there. 




 Hi there,

Today I was talking to my sister (I'm fifteen, she's sixteen), and I brought up my faith hoping to talk about my plan to do natural planning when I get married. She immediately decided to remind me again of why she is agnostic-atheist for a good long while as I sat and listened. I don't think beliefs are a choice, so I didn't want to intervene. She said nothing bad or discriminative, but just talked about being agnostic-atheist. As I sat there I thought, "Is this okay for me to listen to? Should I say something?" I don't really think I should; I think she should practice whatever religion, or lack thereof, she chooses.

What do you think? Thanks. I love you. 




 I know how this sounds, but I want a boyfriend. I just want someone to talk to, listen to, and make me feel excited around them. I have my friends, but I really just want someone to hold me when I'm down and someone to tell me they love me and/or they're there for me. I want to tell my friends about the cute things he does that make me feel like the only girl in the world. I want to hold his hand when he's having a tough time and make him happy.

Again, I know it sounds petty, but I'm just tired of not having someone in my life that motivates me to keep going. I don't like doing this alone. 




 *hugs* 




 YES! Oh my God, this is the worst... 




 No, no, no. Jeans vs. sweatpants. It was an analogy comparing jeans to thongs and sweatpants to briefs. 




 You're actually supposed to close the lid before you flush so that all the germs in your urine and stool don't fly out into the air, in your sink, on your toothbrush, etc. 




 A thong? Not at all. 




 Oh, lol. Idk, you just get used to it. 




 I don't know what you mean... 




 I actually sing/rap/whatever this quietly to myself in the halls. 




 Well, I'm a dancer, so I'm always wearing really tight pants. If I don't wear a thong, you can see the line, and it's pretty embarrassing. Also, after I wore them for awhile, they just made me feel prettier and more presentable. It's kinda like wearing jeans over sweatpants. 




 Daamn baby, you look fiine. 




 I have a teacher that does this. It went *okay*. I sometimes put in equal effort into two different assignments, get a 60 on one and a 100 on the other. 




 :') 




 Are you serious? Wow... 




 I think that'd be so cute! But instead, I would say something like, "Hey, check out this picture of my dog/cat/pet rock." I think that'd be a little more subtle. But I understand if it'd be weird to tap phones just to show someone a pic... Either way, good luck(: 




 They always do this. It drives me crazy. 
























 Can you explain to me how f(1001)= 1/1 ?? I'm very confused. 




 Lol, I'm shocked at how many people didn't get this one right... Unless you're a freshman, I'd be concerned. 




 I don't know if I'd say a fuckton, but maybe like ten or less. A lot, but not a preposterous amount. 




 No, simultaneously was an option, but that is used with the plural. For example: "We did two **things** at the same time." "We did one thing **at the same time** we did the other." It does not make sense to say, "We did one thing **simultaneously** as we did the other," or something to that effect. 




 Haha, I got you, Mix. 




 I laughed my ass off reading this. Thank you. 




 /r/MURICA  




 It's kind of like a piece of paper. From one angle, completely blatantly obvious. From another, practically invisible. Notice how the brick wall in the background moves throughout the pictures. 




 Yes!! 




 As a Catholic, that's a pretty dumb, ridiculous story. 




 I was shocked to see how amazing you look. You are simply stunning!! Congrats on your recovery! 




 Awesome, thank you. 




 Hi there,

I have a question about annulments. If a couple has sex during their marriage but later get their marriage annulled, is that considered premarital sex / sinful?

God bless. 









 I found it on Twitter. I had never seen it on Reddit prior to this. 









 just changed my flair to 16. hmu 




 Thanks! 




 Thanks for pointing that out. Right now I am using Covergirl's 3-in-1 foundation. 




 Thank you for the suggestions! 




 Wow, thank you so much! I appreciate this a lot! 




 This is great! Thank you so much! 




 I'm moisturizing as much as I can, thank you. 




 Thanks for the tip. 




 I use a matte powder. The foundation I'm using right now really clings to dry patches and it drives me crazy. Plus, Accutane is known for making skin dry because it reduces the oil that the oil glands produce. 




 Hello lovelies,

So I started [Accutane](http://www.drugs.com/accutane.html) almost a week ago and my skin is already changing. I used to have the most oily skin (seriously, SO oily). Now my skin is starting to become dry. I am still oily but I have a lot of dry patches. Supposedly, my skin is going to be super dry in a few weeks.

That being said, I am totally lost as to what to do for my foundation now. I am so used to my oily skin that I just about know nothing about makeup for dry skin! So I'm hoping that you all can help me out. I am a teenager, so I'm on a budget and prefer drugstore products, but any suggestions will help. Also, I wear medium-full coverage foundations.

Thank you all so much! xo

TL;DR: I need suggestions for makeup (esp. foundation) for dry skin. 




 So I haven't even visited this subreddit since I reset my badge, and here I am at 44 days. It's not my longest streak, but I'm proud. I feel like this was my biggest goal: to be able to control myself to the extent that I wouldn't need to even worry about it. I think I've only had thoughts about relapsing somewhere between 1 and 5 times this past month and a half. Today, I'm proud of myself. I may not be perfect, but dammit I have self control.

Stay strong, you guys. One day hardmode will be easier than you ever dreamed. 




 You are so pretty. 




 On Facebook. Not Reddit. 




 Thank you so much for your comment. I'll definitely give this a try. 




 Wow, that's really good insight. Thank you. 




 Yeah, I didn't expect you to be a giant or anything. I was more just curious. Plus it would have given me a chuckle if you were really short. 




 You are so sweet, thank you so much. I'm kind of afraid to talk to my parents. Whenever my sister has they try to convince her to quit something but I don't want to quit anything. I think they are aware that I am stressed but they have no idea to what degree. I don't even know how I would bring it up without upsetting them.

Again, thank you. I really appreciate your kind words. 




 How tall are you? 




 Dammit high school sucks. I know that seems like no big deal to a lot of people, but I just feel so damn run down. No matter what I do I can't seem to get anything done. I don't get enough sleep, I don't get all my work done and I'm just so damn done with dealing with all this. It's only my sophomore year and I just want to sink into the floor. There are things I love like choir and dance team and musical but when it comes to actual classes I just want to lay in bed and cry. No kidding, all I want to do is sleep but I can't. All I can do is cry about it. I have two and a half years left and I feel so miserable. Why the hell is this so hard? I constantly feel like I'm letting someone down and my life is so full of stress I could explode. I cry all the time because I'm just so tired. Everyday I have commitments. Also, I live 45 minutes away from my school if there's no traffic, so I spend 1 1/2 hours on the road a day at the very least. I just want to relax. I want to catch my breath, sleep,  get my work done, and start again. I just want to hit pause. It's 8 pm right now and I can barely keep my eyes open because I'm so tired. And I keep getting sick because I never get any actual sleep and then I end up getting even more behind. And whenever I actually get a few hours off, I automatically try to relax because I have so much anxiety but then I find myself falling behind again. I have so many anxiety attacks because I just can't live the way I want to. There are things I want to do but my classes are holding me back. I know what I want to do with my life and barely any of my classes matter at all in the field or in my life. Like, what the hell am I doing this for? And I *have* to get good grades or else I won't be able to go to college but oh my gosh I just don't care anymore. I mean, I care about getting an education but damn why does this f***ing number have to determine so much of what I do in my life. Why can't I be happy right now? I know soon enough I'll be out of high school and maybe I'll be able to breathe and sleep and get over my anxiety but damn why can't my life be like that now. I just sit in my room and cry all the time because I just can't handle it. I'm crying right now because it's just so hard. I know that it's going to get better but why does it have to be so hard just so that I can get a diploma?

I'm aware that this is some pretty petty rambling, but I just needed to get it off my chest. 




 I agree. Miracles Whip is one of the worst things ever. 




 My dad used to shower me... I don't want to talk about it. 




 I LOVE IT! 




 (We're siblings!) 




 Go. 




 Pursue this. You are amazing. 




 Damn. You have some serious talent there, girl. You are beautiful. 




 Yeah, I'm pretty sure that would have ended horribly. 




 I'm literally staring at this picture and I can **NOT** tell that you are wearing makeup!! You are a god. 




 To be honest, I have no idea how I didn't notice... I think they went in one on top of the other, but I'm not really sure. I'm still pretty shocked by it. 









 I always love seeing your posts. You look fab! 




 I called and when I finally got an answer, they asked for my name. I immediately hung up. 




 All the lines are busy... ): 




 I feel you. 




 Well, I know nothing about sketching, but it looks amazing so far!! 




 In the BBC article linked by /u/trewq321 , he does say he is eager to do some public speaking again and would love to speak about anything... Interesting... 




 I can understand where you get that, but I don't think it is. The person feeling upset obviously just needs some time to reconcile with what is going on. Once they get their fill of the nest, they'll come out to work it out. 




 Your friend should definitely talk to his/her professor or a school counselor (if you have one). I'm sure some kind of understanding can be reached. 




 This is definitely the most accurate that I've seen. Very well done. 




 My guess would be that they said something like "We'll briefly cover your childhood homelessness," but he wasn't expecting "How tough was it? Wasn't it awful? What was it like? Can you shed a few tears for us please?" I don't know, but that's my take on it. 




 Yeah, the interview you referenced is pretty obviously fake. I didn't watch it until the end, but it's from the same account as the original and says some very obviously untrue things. It says very early on that it hit a million views in about ten hours. It does not have a million views... I'm not 100% sure about the video being fake (though I have a hard time believing that it's true), but for sure the interview is. 




 This is absolutely fantastic!! You did a beautiful job! 




 I found this strangely powerful. Thanks for sharing. 




 I think I'm the only one in Texas happy about this right now. I broke my nose and had surgery today. Now I don't have to miss all the stuff I had planned for tomorrow and Saturday! 




 I'm sorry to hear that. Best wishes to you as well. 




 Will do. 




 Hi there.

I broke my nose just over a week ago. I went to the doctor on Monday and found out that it is in fact broken, and I'm going to need surgery to put it back into place before the bones heal too much to move them. 

It's not a big deal (they're not even cutting my open, but they do need to put me under), but I need the prayers. No one, as far as I know, is praying for me. That's fine, it's not a major operation or anything like that, but I'm still having surgery and I'm nervous. I really need all the prayers I can get, if not just to calm my nerves.


Thank you all so much; I love and appreciate all of you. God bless.

P.S. My name is Nicole if you want to call me by name.

**TL;DR** I broke my nose and am having surgery. I would really appreciate some prayers.

**Update 1:** I'm about to go into surgery, and I feel very at peace. Thank you all so much who prayed; it definitely made a difference.

**Update 2:** I'm now out of surgery and doing really well. The doctor said my nose was broken worse than she originally thought, but the surgery still went very well. I can already breathe through my nose better and I feel very blessed to have this over with and be doing so well! Thank you all so much; you are amazing! 









 482 




 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 




 73 




 Six hundred eighty seven. 









 Good for you for going with such a bold look! Next time, I would choose a bit of a richer red: a bit darker and, I guess the only way I can say it is thicker and more opaque. 




 I'll definitely look into that. Thanks so much. 




 Wow, never would have tried that. Thanks! 




 Hi there. Last night I beat up my nose real bad and now the entire right side of my nose and my right eye are swollen up like a balloon. Right now there's only a little bit of redness in those areas so it'll be easy enough to cover up with concealer, but eventually it's gonna turn into a real deep black and blue. Also, if there's anything I can do to distract from or some how cover up the swelling, it would be much appreciated.

Thanks! xoxo 




 Thanks so much! 




 No worries, this gave me a bit of a chuckle. 




 I don't think that's necessary. I've received a lot of help and inspiration here despite this. Also, a female NoFap would be so much smaller, we wouldn't receive nearly as much support. 




 Haha, I got that after I posted this thread. 




 I'm glad I could help(: 




 The mental side effects, yes, are very much the same. I don't suffer from all of them, but depression, anxiety, easily distracted, disinterest, etc. As for men, some women experience a lot of them, some only a few. I personally suffer anxiety and depression that sometimes lead into things like disinterest, etc.

Obviously, the physical effects are different. Overuse can lead to dryness, itchiness, elongated labia minora (vaginal lips), loss in sensitivity, etc. I haven't really researched this, but these are things that I have experienced. 




 Yeah, that's true, but at least there's the option. 




 Just got mine(: I'm glad you appreciate it! 




 Haha(: Well I think addiction to / problems with fapping for women (schlicking, I guess, but that sounds gross) is definitely less prevalent than it is in men. Obviously, women don't have to worry about ED, low sperm count, etc., but I have noticed in myself that my labia minora (the vaginal lips, I suppose) become elongated and the vagina can become dry and itchy, which can possibly leading to things like UTI or yeast infection. It also decreases sensitivity by a large degree. Again, this isn't something I've researched, but something I have observed.

I think that most women do masturbate, they are just less prone to addiction. Many people say that's because women are more interested in the love and connection than just the sensation, which is often what men are looking for. This can lead into women caring less and less about connection and becoming addicted or they get bored and choose to never do it, or at least not that often. But really, as far as I know, women with fapping issues are definitely in the vast minority.

Sorry for the wall of text, but I hope this was helpful! 




 I hope you know how childish and inappropriate this is. 




 Okay, well thank you. I just wanted you to know that it didn't really upset me, I just felt like, again, it needed to be said. Have a good day(: 




 Thanks(: I'll definitely look into that. 




 You're obviously going through something tough in your life right now, so I'm just going to ignore you. I don't know why you'd choose to follow a teenaged girls reddit account and post rude things about her, but sounds like a cry for attention to me... Maybe you should be more concerned with yourself than a stranger. 




 I understand it, but I've been here for maybe a year and I felt like it needed to be said. Now I said it, and people helped me out. No big deal. 




 I quit because of my religion, not for attention... Hearing about what masturbation does to people through this community made me take the plunge, but that was not my reason. Also, I didn't claim to be an addict. Masturbation is more of a vice to me than an addiction. Don't pretend to know me. 




 Just found that. Thanks so much! 




 Thank you very much(: 
























