 He's done the math. 




 That was McClatchy's original title for the article. 




 Maybe it was done by some of those 'suiciders' our dear leader is always referring to. 




 $4/gal gas. 




 I am surprised they didn't say it was AQ's #2 man... again. 




 Deployment of second carrier to Gulf a 'reminder': Gates
http://afp.google.com/article/ALeqM5j5riBuUnY0-5eeIMYI9tvU2XrDNA
 




 Then why won't he make them public? 




 Is Florida evolving slower? 




 But he can still make them public... along with his medical records. 




 The media's double standard continues... 




 They are trying to out fox Fox. 




 Or *Lancelot Link: Secret Chimp* 




 So one justifies the other? 




 And so, so long as I'm the President, my measure of success is victory and success. 




 Families is where our nation finds hope, where wings take dream. 




 Rarely is the question asked, is our children learning? 




 OBGYN can now practice their love on women. 




 Joe is an ass. 




 McCain being the worst. 




 Maybe they need to review their methodology. 




 damn dirty apes 




 Bush was probably serving hot dogs and hamburgers again anyway. 




 "There's an old saying in Tennessee  I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee  that says, fool me once, shame on  shame on you. Fool me  you can't get fooled again." 




 CSPAN has been showing a tour they took through the museum.  It looks interesting. 




 Send their kids too. 




 $5,000 per second, 24/7 




 So? 




 ...except take the US Constitution off the table. 




 I hear part of it is 'off the table' at least. 




 I, for one, welcome our Industrial Control System Overlords. 




 The surge in to Iran. 




 Patreaus is working on that right now. 




 I hope that wasn't the reason you clicked on it. :) 




 Yes. 




 http://www.google.com/search?client=safari rls=en q=define:ferment ie=UTF-8 oe=UTF-8 




 yes, and there are many. 




 http://www.google.com.au/intl/en/gday/index.html 




 Imagine that, an Alabama sign in the background. 




 He doesn't have a blimp either. 




 The surge is working!!! 




 It's starting to look like *Aruba* Goldberg contraption 




 mmmmm...  primordial ooze.... 




 I put the gas in the gas car and it *Madagascar* go! 




 Will they sell Tatas in Nepal? 




 Gimme one offer, then gimme *Samoa* 




 Will you be buy or *belize*? 




 *Yugo* first, *Australia*.

-I hope i didnt *Benz* The rules- 




 All that's left to do is go to the bar and *Taiwan* on 




 lol, or the studio lights. 




 Wow!  What a shot! 




 Shake your Tatas and *Djibouti* 




 Now with more silicone! 




 Jamaica me crazy. 




 It's good for business. 




 "The U.S. embassy issued a statement saying it had no spies eating cheeseburgers in Belarus." 




 I'll take two!  




 The Iraq occupation costs over $300,000,000 per day. 




 The Bush administration spent $42,000,000 on letters to alert taxpayers to expect rebate checks (bribes) as part of the "economic stimulus" plan.  Everything Bush touches turns to FAIL! 




 How much do you weigh? 




 McLame 




 Don't you think 10 minutes is a little generous? 




 In the name of oil. 




 Yeah, I first saw it in the New York Behind-the-Times. 




 IMPEACH! 




 "Do they care if we elect a Know-Nothing to lead us?" - Wasn't Bush their guy? 




 Only problem is, now he makes appearances throughout the day.  Before, we knew exactly when to change the channel, now, his dumb ass could pop up at any time. 




 Caption associated with the picture:  "I snapped a photo of this sticker in one of the restrooms at Ritual Coffee Roasters in San Francisco's Mission District. There used to be one just like it posted above a small hole in the wall in the other restroom. That sticker was removed though once the hole was patched to, er, block the camera's lens." 




 Sad, isn't it. 




 Blimp/Corvair '08! 




 Once again, Dick lives up to his name. 




 Did you forget to say that? 




 ...and had the most bed bug infestations. 




 You should try watching the news. 




 Cool, but where's his iPod? 




 so true 




 Daddy paid a lot for that D. 




 How did the Iraq war give 'whiny conspiracy trolls' a voice on the internet? 




 Being stupid fits right in with BushCo. 




 If hypocrisy were illegal, think of all the politicians that would have to go to jail.  It's up to Americans to not re-elect the hypocrites.  Don't get me wrong, I don't condone what Spitzer did and I'm not saying that it wasn't hypocritical of him, but it is a sex "scandal."  




 It looks like it might be Cupertino, CA in the lower left corner of the image. 




 I think they've been hiding him in one of those super-secret-torture prisons. 




 At least it wasn't a sperm whale. 




 One Year After the Surge, 15 of 18 benchmarks fail.  http://www.americanprogress.org/issues/2008/01/benchmark.html
 




 HAHAHAHAHHAH 




 Blame Bush, not the soldiers.  The blood is on his hands, Cheney's hands, and all their minions and enablers. 




 So I should choose one life over another? 




 Unlike you, I am not choosing one life over the another.  ALL the killing must end, none are irrelevant. 




 "Military casualties are irrelevant." - tell that to their families.
 




 Let's move the goal posts. 




 Picture of the building: http://images.usatoday.com/Wires2Web/20080314/465302133_Swastika_Buildingx-large.jpg 




 Tony Lukes!! 




 Satan knows too. 




 Well, if it's at Geno's, they won't be able to show off their Espaol. 




 I smell bail-out! 




 'simple' as in 'simply a moran' 




 No child left behind... 




 So true.  The calls and faxes DO work, they do make a difference! 




 Yayz, thems is lurnin. 




 Pressured by the bold and super-brave george bush and deferment dick. 




 Sadly, it's a punch line in the gut :( 




 No real oversight though, just a facade of oversight - just as in everything run by BushCo. 




 Poor Bush, he had a little tantrum on the teevee this AM saying how the terrists win if big business has to follow the rule of law.  Bush is a joke. 




 Fuck Bush.  No more corporate handouts or get-out-of-jail-free. 




 Everyone is supposed to send them directly to Halliburton for proper disposal. 




 This our throne
We call our own
We like to keep it neat.

So please be kind
With you're behind
And don't get your ass stuck in the seat! 




 Because are children is learning. 




 Or else she didn't give a shit. 




 He should be McCains running mate.  May come in handy. 




 Know your enemy. 




 You are correct. 




 Yeah, this news isn't suspicious at all coming right after "no iran war on my watch" Fallon's 'resignation.'  We didn't hear things like this leading up to the Iraq war either.   




 Halliburton 




 ...and on the 8th day, he created war.  War without end aaaAAAAAaaaAAaaAAamen. 




 Still no word from Vitter or Craig... 




 I am sure Halliburton is the only company big enough to pull off a project that big. 




 Because republicans are held to a more lenient standard.  Why no impeachment call for Vitter or Craig or any other of the many many corrupt republicans? 




 WoooHooooo!!!! 




 Does this mean we have to learn kung-fu? 




 Vitter... 




 I wonder if Fox News will put an 'R' next to his name. 




 Or Cheney would nominate himself as VP...   again. 




 You are letting him off too easy. 




 Rove deserves to be treated as he treats others.  That is maybe just a taste of what he got. 




 I guess just wishful thinking. 




 :0===I 




 Did the dems even get off the bench yet?  Are they dressed for the game? 




 Last term Lieberman. 




 It's a political move (big shock).  Hey look!  GWB is giving you free money!!  I guess they're sending the letters out to make 100% sure the bribe gets out before the election. 




 "killer" as in "kill myself" 




 They need a playground monitor. 




 Now that's just sloppy campaigning.  Conceding the Monster vote to your opponent this early in the race?  Please.  Pennsylvania hasn't even voted yet. 




 asshole in one 




 He's the Drciderer of the free world! 




 George W Bush: Our first chimpanzee president. 




 Goose is still dead though. 




 Either one of them is leaps and bounds better than McCain. 




 "What? Over? Did you say 'over'? Nothing is over until we decide it is! Was it over when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor? Hell no! And it ain't over now! 'Cause when the going gets toughthe tough get going! Who's with me? Let's go!What the fuck happened to the Delta I used to know? Where's the spirit? Where's the guts? Huh? This could be the greatest night of our lives, but you're going to let it be the worst. 'Oh, we're afraid to go with you, Bluto. We might get in trouble.' Well, just kiss my ass from now on! Not me! I'm not gonna take this! Wormer? He's a dead man. Marmalard? Dead! NIEDERMAYER!" 




 Whatever Rove/Cheney tell him to believe. 




 Are they sure that was an avalanche and not one of our Evil Martian Dust Overlords?  




 I guess we will have to buy Pelosi a new table to put that on. 




 They would have to rename it Leavenworthless being as that bush is a worthless sack of doodie. 




 Making shopping carts to hold Chinese-made goods? 




 The fungus is among us. 




 Good point.  I just want it to be over. 




 I heard that yeasterday. 




 Clinton team vows to fight on after Ohio, Texas
http://rawstory.com/news/afp/Clinton_team_vows_to_fight_on_after_03022008.html
 




 BREAKING FoxNuze:  Why does Hillary hate Black Fungus? 




 When it rains, it spores.  Just one question -- will they be among us? 




 ooooh, I'm lichen that! 




 All hail Fungus! 




 Venom 




 so sorry McCain... 




 I never sausage a drink. 




 She will find herself in a pickle. 




 i relish the puns 




 Republicans taking the survey will be confused. They won't know what "pro-choice" means. It should be phrased: "Baby killing America hating Commie Terrorist pro-abortion librul" 




 You're right, my bad. 




 Go Nader? 




 Shhhhhhhhhh! 




 I want my baby back.

(ribs)

(bbq sauce) 




 Great tool!  We need our press back. 




 The batteries can be replaced in all the devices you mention. 




 Waaaa! Leave Apple alone!!1!!  waaaaaaah... 




 It must just have been a ummm...   errrr....  coincidence? 




 It was a misquote.  What he said was "personal free dumbs." 




 ...and the corruption 




 They're all crooks. 




 That's Tagg, Matt, Josh, Ben and Craig's inheritance money! 




 So you think they should die? 




 You cared enough to comment. 




 your name and your comment don't match 




 By "make the world a better place," I assume you mean "make the world a better place for Halliburton and Exxon."  -- because that is what he has done, at our peril.  

Where's OBL? 




