 I haven't BASHED anyone. The cast, crew, and actors all brought the show to life too. Writers are just one part of it. And also, ratings have continually plummeted and writers have more say then you think. So regardless of what the network thinks fans want, less and less fans are watching, so something is going wrong with the formula.

Also if you look at series similar to this that have mysteries, they've handled the plot better and catered to a young audience. Look at Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Veronica Mars, just to name a few. The plot was not soooooooooo drawn out. You can have fillers, that's understandable, but have fillers that connect and progress the main plot. That's all we ask for. It just feels like the plot moves from one point, and then jumps to the end without any middle area to explain things. It feels disjointed. 




 Here is the artist: http://www.deviantart.com/art/Car-Wash-547180494 




 *solidarity 




 I wuv you :*( and I miss my granma!!!! 




 EXACTLY and aww you're so awesome (Grandmas rule) 




 I agree, but as you can see by declining ratings, people are fed up. I"m fed up. I don't think I will watch until 6x10 if I know it will all be just filler. 




 Why have you made this show so annoyingly hard to like? 

If it were not for the amazing cast and crew, your continually frustrating red herrings and lackluster reveals would have cancelled the show ages ago.

I'm not saying Marlene lacks in talent. She is an excellent writer.

I'm just saying: COME ON NOW.

You're not even giving us any way to make sense of who Charles is, even 6 episodes in.

I just think if you want less frustrated fans and more viewers for the last season, you have to give something throughout the season. Let it be a gradual buildup not filler...filler...filler...then the last episode BAM half hearted answers. 




 Hey I think you're awesome for directing such a cool show and I like Finding Carter too. I'm sorry I'm late but, was wondering why the design of Pretty Little Liars was split into A and B, is that to enable more viewership? 




