 YOU FUCKED MY CAT TOOOO!?!?!?

dude, I'd get checked if I were you, that cat is a fucking whore 




 I've only known one person IRL who likes it, which is my brother.

I'm not gonna take the time to describe my brother in great detail, but he is the second dumbest person I know. He's also the furthest thing from a 'nerd' 




 Hey, I remember that, I was there too! 




 dude, I don't even know... I'm gonna go watch TV 




 How about DigiDesign? 




 I'd eat the butter whole and then when he eats ME, i'll kill him slowly with high cholesterol!  




 Other than it not being funny, most people who are smart enough to use the internet don't like the show, so there's *that* 




 I would give myself omnipotence. I'm getting sick and tired by my lack of omnipotence 




 meh.

It's ok 




 Cumming 




 Probably not the day I was born 




 Because they like it rough ;) 




 I'd tell you, but I don't wanna be an associate to a violent murder and/or kidnapping 




 My nervous system 




 What are your strengths? 




 I'd probably be a politician 




 Which n word?

narwhal?

neverland?

*nostril?* 




 Plain and simple: They wanted enough time to pass before mentioning Jon (Arin's post explaining WHY they didn't mention him was not a lie, despite Jon disagreeing with it)

They didn't want people flipping their shit over Jontron mentions or fighting over wanting the show to be what it was and not what it is. They wanted the show to move forward and not live in the past. Meanwhile, plenty of people, Jon and Nicole included, loved to troll you guys HARD on this sub

Finally enough time had passed when they felt like nobody would flip out over breaking the vow of silence. Dan had been there way longer and they reached a point where one of his serials was the longest running one. A perfect time to drop the silence. And NOBODY flipped out over it except for Conspiracy Grumps (it kind of killed it, TBH) Sure, plenty of people were shocked, happy, and glad to see it, but they didn't have a nerdgasm.

I don't think it was ever a breakup thing or a lost friendship. I think one guy just simply moved too far away to be involved. When your partner abandons you, you don't focus on the past, you focus on the present and doing your best to make a good product, which they did. Part of that required not mentioning Jon so that people didn't grow to loathe Dan or even Arin because it wasn't the way it started (And this sub particularly grew to loathe Arin) And they made the right choice because the show got exponentially better when Dan joined 




 History will remember them together 




 Man walks to the store to buy beer! Does this support Terrorism? Find out at 11:00 




 2 Girls 1 Cup

I mean, I just admire the *resilience* 




 I can't even read, so why would I care? 




 same as mine  




 So this guy is doing anal on this girl while she's blowing a black guy and a midget. She keeps begging for double penetration, but the guy is hogging that asshole so much they can't even get a dick in edgewise 




 I would buy more money 




 OH, you fucking name it!

r/funny 

r/gaming

r/AskReddit (oh, wait!) 




 THIS one:
http://www.dpsgproductfacts.com/product_images/brand_logos/HAWAIIAN_PUNCH.png?v=1338927337

Shit is gross! 




 A used condom could've helped a woman conceive.

And that's how Jesus was born  :) 




 politics and religion 




 try selling it for a buck a mile. I'm sure there's an idiot out there who'll fall for it 




 Don't change the subject here.... did you touch yourself? 




 It's not about what THEY want... it's a matter of us showing our dominance and degrading them. Kinda like dogs marking their territory.

Only we give them baby gravy instead of peeing on them (though there are some folks who are into that as well) 




 why not BOTH? 

;) 




 I make comedic films, CG animations, VFX shorts, and even a few songs coming up.

All of that primarily parodies video games, like my first song here;
 [A Gamer's Love Song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DMDO2wVezQ) 




 it's very easy to make Jacques's voice

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=keJf7iYHPtg feature=youtu.be 




 "How big is your dick?" 




 Because, um.... you know.... reasons and such.... 




 care to provide an example, as OP asked? 




 Arin cheated on him with Dan, so Jon ran away to NYC to become a model... I think he became quite successful:

http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/920/296/0cd.png 




 He does, but a lot of it might be fueled by the shitty part of this fanbase.

He's definitely the funniest though, hands down 




 All of them 




 I was right though. I doubted it was an alternate title 




 This one time my brother's digestive system wasn't working right and he shat out undigested spaghetti and sauce. I know this sounds fake but it's completely real. We were camping, he took a dump in the woods, then called us over to show it to us (it had little bits of digested fecal matter, but mostly looked like a dropped plate of pasta) My dad took him to the doctor the next day, I don't remember anything past that and it never happened again. 




 While they kinda feel like the same game at times, Majora's Mask for me. But only barely, primarily due to the creepiness of it and I never played it as much as I played OoT when I was a kid, yet I still remember it being more fun.

But OoT is a better icon in video-gaming and is the best representation of a perfect Zelda game 




 Not at all. Just a mediocre video made by Rocketjump. 




 funny stuff, man! 




 Fire. Literally fire everywhere, as far as the eye can see.

At least that's what FoxNews tells me 




 I'm saying that there is no original you. There are all these universes happening at the same time, without the presence of the others. They don't pop in and out of existence, they merely change when things happen in them. Sometimes those things don't happen in the others and over time the two will not be similar at all.

Even in other, similar universes, the person that looks, acts, and thinks like you isn't you. He doesn't share your atoms, your conscience, or your universe. He is a different person entirely  




 anytime ;)
 




 Financial stability, a Career in Comedy, a Fanbase, my family being fed, healthy and happy. 




 Making people laugh 




 Science.

Mine taught "these are science concepts, now let's learn about Creationism" 




 question not answered.  




 eh, they can't all be winners, can they? Oh well, into the pit, maybe your pleasurable moans will just make it worse for the others 




 like this:

ooxlxoo! 




 Well, what I mean isn't that the other universes are created when possibilities are presented, it's that those moments are where each universe starts to veer into its own, beginning with the most miniscule of differences. There wouldn't be an original 'you' just a different one.

A question I just thought of, though...

In an infinite universe, where mathematically speaking, anything that is possible or thinkable can and will eventually happen, then wouldn't THAT be in a way, predestination/fate? 




 That guy that did the thing. It mattered 




 and I'll make **this sound:**

ooxlxoo!!!! 




 I'm gonna finish to your post 




 Oracle of Ages/Oracle of Seasons 




 It always has its ups-and-downs

Like, you know, every show ever 




 I feel dirtier after seeing it 




 Saw this on my Facebook feed.... To be fair, I think this guy is a tremendous pothead. 




 Am I the only one who felt a little proud when a random orc killed me, became a captain, then eventually made it all the way up to War Chief?


All of this guy's success can be traced back to one incident when his oppenent was too busy eating a cookie to play two handed and got himself killed. 



















 Posting this because my second daughter was born today and I immediately thought to myself "this is no time to make jokes.... save them for reddit :)  












































 God, what goes through someone's fucking mind when they see a video and decide to negatively comment on it without even watching it?

"I skipped around through it and the 45 seconds I watched were fucking terrible." 

Translation: "Didn't watch - Still Criticized!" 

Seriously, go fuck yourself if you're this type of person! People work hard on videos and your comment isn't wanted or needed! 









 I used to do stand-up but stopped doing it to pursue filmmaking/improvised comedy. Recently, some new opportunities have arisen that may require me to do some stand-up on the side. I wanna talk about subjects that actually interest me, and definitely subjects that haven't been done to death. I've written some jokes on Star Trek, a few on being married that send up the "married life cliches" in stand-up and sitcoms, and a few on death that lead into the concept of Hell. I'm most proud of the last ones because, not only do I think they are the funniest bits, but it's a very interesting subject that I don't think I've heard many comedians talk about. The only thing that comes to mind is George Carlin's "but he LOVES you" bit.

So, I'm wondering, what are some topics you, as an atheist, would love to hear some comedy about? You know, there's SO many things that comedians could touch on but they don't, I just want to know what the community itself wants. 

edit: For reference; here are some examples of the Hell material: "... I mean, you never see a father trying to discipline his kid going "HEY! BILLY! Quit hitting your sister with the stick or I swear to Christ I will punch you in the fucking face! And I'm not JUST gonna punch you.... I'm gonna punch you...... FOREVER!!!

Also, "The belief in Hell clearly stems from these peoples' history of being abused as children as well as living in a society that recommends and accepts it. It implants warped views of justice in their minds and gives them a sense of an unavoidable cosmic malevolence.... trust me, I googled it..." 

















































 My daughter is two years old and I've been thinking a lot about when the time comes when somebody in our family tries to push religion on her. It'll definitely happen and it'll likely start with something they'll see as "small and harmless" like the concept of heaven. I'm trying to prepare my way of explaining it to her when she asks me about it, tell me if this sounds good:

"Well, a lot of people believe that when we die, we go to a special place called Heaven. Grandma, Grandpa and a few people we know believe this, but they don't know for sure. NOBODY knows for sure if it's real or not or even what it's like. We DO know that when we die, some people have these very realistic dreams and sometimes people go to heaven in these dreams where they'll be happy. Sometimes they see old friends or family members who made them happy. Sometimes they go to their favorite place in the world that made them happy in life. I think this is why people want heaven to be real, they want to be happy. But it's far more important to be happy here and now, while you can. Dying is a natural part of life... we're given a short time on this earth to experience happiness, sadness, anger, delicious food, fun, responsibility, and to do or create something important that makes everyone else's lives better. As for what happens when that time is over... NOBODY knows, even if they tell you they do. NOONE knows because noone's ever lived to tell about it.
 




 My daughter is two years old and I've been thinking a lot about when the time comes when somebody in our family tries to push religion on her. It'll definitely happen and it'll likely start with something they'll see as "small and harmless" like the concept of heaven. I'm trying to prepare my way of explaining it to her when she asks me about it, tell me if this sounds good:

"Well, a lot of people believe that when we die, we go to a special place called Heaven. Grandma, Grandpa and a few people we know believe this, but they don't know for sure. NOBODY knows for sure if it's real or not or even what it's like. We DO know that when we die, some people have these very realistic dreams and sometimes people go to heaven in these dreams where they'll be happy. Sometimes they see old friends or family members who made them happy. Sometimes they go to their favorite place in the world that made them happy in life. I think this is why people want heaven to be real, they want to be happy. But it's far more important to be happy here and now, while you can. Dying is a natural part of life... we're given a short time on this earth to experience happiness, sadness, anger, delicious food, fun, responsibility, and to do or create something important that makes everyone else's lives better. As for what happens when that time is over... NOBODY knows, even if they tell you they do. NOONE knows because noone's ever lived to tell about it. 



















