 My bet also goes to Guild wars 2.If nothing it was the most anticipated 




 It reminds me a lot of mount and blade,though i am yet to pick up chivarly.Is it worth getting? 




 You're a real asshole scott,aren't you? 




 Australian! 




 Random question,how much would it cost now? 




 I like it!I must say,i didnt have the time to read it all,but from what i read,you have a good story on your hands!Also,a tip from a fellow writer.If you are getting stuck on what to write next,try adding something conpletely unexpected.Suprise yourself.What if it wasnt only the humans that carry the virus now?What if even the sealife is,well fucked,and under attack by the virus? 




 Now the real question is,can they swim? 




 Rasprava o tome koji je burek PRAVI burek 




 I admit i gave up on reading that after the part which reminded me of hippopotamus. 




 Shush...dont use that word... 




 Hell to the no. 




 B..b..but we bassists are different! 




 Ko da su ikad postovali 




 You know,now that youve said it kinda makes sense.Never really thought about it,mostly due to him saying he got the character from that Child Roland poem 




 SAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAXTOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON..................
 




 Playing Video Games.Sometimes it just hits me that im getting older each day and a part of me thinks im just wasting time 




 Wait i can throw my weapons?
 




 The best way to put someone down online is to use as many big words as you can.
 









 Np,glad I could help 




 I recently dreamt of being a vampire during the zombie apocalypse.Yes,my mind is fucked up. 




 I'd say Batman from DC and Deadpool/thor from Marvel 




 Well /r/Steamtrade it is I think,haven't been there in a while 




 You guys should try out Lost Planet 2...even though the game received a negative response from the ign/gamespot,two of my friends and I found the campaign quite entertaining.Aspecially if you enjoy Big Boss Battles.

As for it having to be free,well I'd have to say you could always try Spiral Knights...that's the only free coop game that is right now on my mind

Edit: Just remembered,if you don't mind downloading it,you can get Marvels Ultimate Alliance.Now that game is something fun to play,and I'd say its  maybe 3-4 years old 




 Do your palms sweat a lot while you play?It might have messed with the wires inside of your mouse,causing it to malfunction... I remember a similiar thing happening to my old mouse,just I think the back space key on it stopped working.
 




 The reason you are getting downvoted is probably becouse you are either trying to sell something you received for free,or becouse you are not posting on the trade sub.
I would suppose that you would get a better response there,good luck. 




 Looks pretty damn cool anyway :D
 




 How can you not remember this?

 




 Nice!Did you draw it? 




 Born to be downoted would seem more fitting. 




 Would be funny if someone gave her the link to this..Now that would be something worth watching! 




 I know I havent yet done any trades through reddit,but i made a few through the steam forums.Anyway,the game is 5$ on amazon now,and becouse I dont have flair and am not allowed to trade this i think,i will go first if that will suit rules better.
Heres My profile link:
http://steamcommunity.com/id/LordLuka7/

I can add some sweets if needed. 




 I must agree with sir Ryezing.You should apologize,but dont go too far with it.There is an old anegdote,describing a mans desperate tries to apologize to his boss.Luckily i managed to find it:
http://lukianpovorotov.narod.ru/Folder_Chekhov/death_of_a_government_clerk.htm 




 Eh well,I honestly tried writting you a haiku.But unfortunately my non traditional(5-7-5)haikus were spat on from the side of Private.
So i will call this a-short-not-a-haiku-poem-that-rhymes

Fine Says He.
Then spits on poetry of me,
The Private he be.

Good enough? 




