 Allow me to provide some that have not been mentioned.

* A good old fashioned orgy
* Cabin in the woods
* Tucker and Dale versus evil
* The cornetto trilogy
* Seven psychopaths 




 Noah, while pretty, is vastly underwhelming. 




 Slumdog Millionaire-Didn't quite deserve all of its acclaim it was a very worthwhile film. 




 Horror or no. 

I got nightmares from

* The grudge
* Nightmare on elm street
* The Cell
* Nintendo's 007 Goldeneye
* Donnie Darko   




 http://i.imgur.com/fOIwE.gif 




 So excited for that. My only concern is Nolan tends to overshadow his actors from time to time with spectacle. 




 He'll never have mine. A big part of my childhood is watching this movie over and over. This and Grease. I regret nothing! 




 "Hello, Stu. If you hang up, I will kill you."


"What my name's not Stu, I'm kevin."


"Oh um, oh ok I see there's Stu. Could you hang up and leave please?"


"Ok. ***hangs up*** [Sigh of relief]



 




 I'll give you my own. Not a movie but: Matthew McConaughey in true detective is such a departure from what he's been known for. 




 Gah! It moved! 




 Impressive. 




 Heigl. 




 If people could do that, I'd be terrified the first few times it happened. After that I'd do it to get out of doing stuff like Jury duty. 




 40 words max, go! 




 Reminds me of monster university and mystery men. 




 In your opinion, obviously. 




 =This summer!= 


He's a psychologist with a troubled past.

He's a child with a troubled past.


He can't seem to find out what's wrong with this child.


This child sees dead people


The Sixth Sense, rated R for violence, scary situations and dead Bruce wilises. 




 Don't sell him short. 




 2001 and Gone with the wind 




 Minority Report


Total Recall



Starship Troopers



Blade Runner



Alien 





Serenity







 




 The Passion of the Christ.


 




 The Godfather.



"Do you renounce satan?" 




 I don't believe you now. 




 Hannibal Lecter 




 Synecdoche, New York. 




 Yup. 




 Cloverfield. 




 The matrix. Amazing concept, flawless delivery. We need more of these films. 




 The dark knight

Bruce Wayne: Tom Arnold


Batman: Terry Crews


Com. Grodon: Jared Leto


Harvey dent: Louis ck


Joker: Shia laduck



Scarecrow: kevin bacon



Riddler: Javier bard em



Penguin: Andy dick



Cat woman: terry crews



Superman: Nicholas cage



Mr. Freeze: peter dinklage


Poison ivy: Bryan Cranston



Falcone: robin Williams


Alfred: Mandy patinkin


 




 I just think no one wants to find bodies around the movie set. 




 You were doing so well until the butterfly effect. 




 Dr. Manhattan. Folks are gonna hate because this is a flawed character because of his abilities. I couldn't care less. 




 Mission to mars, Interstellar, Prometheus, Hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy, lost in space, serenity 




 In that specific scenario, I wouldn't have walked backwards. I might get goosebumps. I'd only go backwards if there was some creature's face right behind me(less than a foot). 




 Yes, though. 




 No, I wanted him to die. He's almost like a force of nature and I wanted tommy lee jones to bring him down. 




 Oh no, he's despicable.  




 Are you not entertained?!



(Pause) no? 




 Devil's rejects 


Identity



The frighteners 




Natural born killers 




 This movie was most certainly horror, or at least gruesome. 




 The trailer explained it. Thank you michael Caine. 




 "Call it." He's why the movie is so good. 




 I said nothing! 




 Signs and No country for old men. 




 This is my favorite thread!  




 Good segment. 




 Zombieland should be on here.  




 Already purple for me. 




 I was hoping he'd make it but the nature of the title led me to expect exactly what happened. 




 GTA IV, getting special executions on Liberty City's worst. 




 Good morning! In less than an hour.... 




 Well, the original story is that they grew up in the same town. Lex is only slightly older than Clark. Batman Vs. Superman. 




 I was hoping for Jensen ackles. I'm fine with Chris Evans though. 




 This is just a list of actors who'd look funny in tightey whities, 




 Lex and Clark grew up together. This would only work in a time travel plot line. 




 You'll always have kickass 




 Norman bates wears what would be considered small town casual attire. However, in the climactic scene, it is revealed that he dresses as his mother. He NEEDS to feel her clothes on his skin to become her. In the final scenes the psychologist or detective(look it up) says that now Norma bates has completely taken over. We see him dressed as Norman but talking as his mother. He no longer needs to wear his mother's clothes to be her.


As for Marion, she basically wears the same clothes throughout the 30 minutes she's on film. Any suggestions I make would be far fetched. 




 Recently re watched No Country For Old Men. http://youtu.be/M4Wek1VIfjA


 




 So pissed and upset that we lost his talent. 




 Se7en 




 THEORY:Elizabeth Hurley did not play satan. Spoilers! She was an angel who disguised herself as satan to help teach Brendan Fraser a lesson. 




 Oh no, what have I done? 




 Russians who live in america. In the movie, radios still work. There would be a period of mistrust but eventually everyone would know the truth. 




 Wow, look at all these dead american men, women and children being killed. I as a Russian approve and will go out to greet these machines. 




 Cause of the killer robots.  




 This [guy](http://imgur.com/r/HighQualityGifs/FfnvQQD) knew how to wear suits! 




 Battle Los Angeles- Trailer creates one of the most anticipated alien invasion movies....Two hours of call of duty and marine circlejerk. 




 Pre-rescue: As we were moving to secure the North firehouse, a random bandit shot and killed me due to desync.

Rescue: Spriggs dropped a splint in a shed next to the firehouse. As the patient crawled to the dead drop, a zombie ran up to him and killed him with one hit. 




 I moved him from room 3. 




 hOP onto the reamspeak server. 




 Man of Steel

Transformers: Dark of the Moon


The Island


I, Robot


300



The Dark Knight trilogy



Gravity




Speed(childhood fav of mine)



Mad Max



The rundown



War of the Worlds
 




 I haven't been fucked like that since grade school!- Shouted from within a photo booth in a crowded mall. 




 Yes! 




 Death at a funeral


All of the Simon Pegg and Nick Frost movies


Tucker and Dale VS. evil


American Psycho



Kiss Kiss Bang Bang



Dr. strangelove 









 A reminder to medics: it's entirely up to you whether to pursue your ambushers. My priorities on rescues are the safety of the medic(s) and of the patient(s). While Going after ambushers can be fun, they usually have a tactical advantage over you. 



Take many precautions and be safe out there! 




 I consider it mediocre and hit-and-miss with their jokes.  




 More specifically his chemistry in a comedy group dynamic as the leader of a bunch of **** ups. If you haven't, watch a good old fashioned orgy. 




 Next bill Murray, called it! 




 I prefer to interpret this video as many people either trying to reach out to him to get him to stop fighting everyone or fighters sent by the government to knock him out to contain him. Either way, he kick/punches them all. 




 I think he meant one of the Reddit Rescue Force moderators(Teamspeak or Subreddit), due to the fact that you're setting it up as an "RRF" triage center. 




 Don't know how to vote on this one. 




 Stewart!!! 




 Signs. 

For those of you not aware, this movie is heavily criticized for it's lapses in logic and plot redundancies. Folks argue that suspension of disbelief is too difficult to maintain especially considering the "water" issue. However, I can easily look past those issues and simply enjoy, what is, in my opinion, one of Mel Gibson's best performances. His struggle post grieving/ now athiest on top of raising two children is only compounded by these strange lights and their farm's crop circles. You can see the emotion on his face as he is trying to be stable for his family and eventually admits that he doesn't know what to do. Such a strong performance as well as some genuine scares. 

"Move, children! Vamonos!" 




 *Double the action*

*Triple the excitement*

"GET DOWN!"

*More excitement*

"GET DOWN, AGAIN!!!" 




 Fell off a watchtower, broke my legs. Luckily, I didn't die. West side of airfield.

Rescued by: sebasceb. 




 A friend and I have been shot unconscious by lesser creatures. We are both by the western jail on the airfield. I'm normally too prideful to ask for help but sometimes the medics need medics. This is on regular on taking place in rescue room 1.  









 30+ HOURS IN GAME. looking to play with 1 or more people. the lone wolf thing is not for me all the time. Open to most play styles. The hero play style seems way too risky but it might be because I'm not too experienced. Comment or pm, if you're interested and what you're looking for.



Steam: ocounter1 



Skype: ocounter1@yahoo.com
 




 I've seen him in most of his films (minus Oldboy and his shorts) and I'm astonished how charismatic and believable he is onscreen.  












































 Example: Cardiologist=Fry cook 




 Please pretty please with cherry on top. Also I got a Kitty cat name Katie follow me asking me to take her to another town. 




 My FC:319635120416 let's play 




 My FC: 319635120416 let's play. 









 For example: I work Security and have a structured routine everyday. It gets boring, so I tend to set myself on auto-pilot and think of other things. Crazy part: Like any auto-pilot, there are errors. I got into an argument with him for all of his screw-ups. I know he's just in my head, but as security I get bored and find myself talking to myself. I like to think that in my head I look like Bradley Whitford and my auto-pilot looks like Richard Jenkins from Cabin in the woods.


TL,DR: I, very recently, got into an argument with myself.  





























