 Whenever, already added you
 




 Appreciate!  




 Would you possibly be able to help me evolve my Seadra?
 




 Cool no hurry. Do you have perchance have Kyorgre?
 




 I can do a tradeback for Diancie  




 Awesome thanks man! I forgot about the tradeback.. super baked
*edit wait that wasn't even you... my bad....
 




 Cool cool, just out of curiosity what is it that the natures do? Sorry I haven't played pokemon since gen 2 prior to this game lol. 




 I have an Adamant Oshawott but my Fennikin is Naughty, is that alright?
 




 By sheer luck I actually have both of those in the few random extras I have bred!  




 [trade] I have all starters (all gens) and most of the Hoenn Pokedex. Also need a tradeback for my Seadra. Thanks! 




 LOL I have similar memories! 




 Hey sorry I went ark for a bit but if you're still around I could actually use one! Thanks.
 




 Thanks a ton mate! Really helped me out :)
 




 Whenever you're ready
 




 K just give me a bit to hatch it :) Sorry just multi-tasking up the waazoo right now lol
 




 Absolutely that's fine! I'll send over some random level 1's then.
 




 Sure just give me a few to breed an extra
 




 Thanks man! I appreciate it. :)
 




 added you! Don't see you on PSS though.
 




 Awesome thanks mate! What would you like in return?
 




 Thanks! Still after Lunatone, Seviper, Wigglytuff and Lileep. I think most of those are AS exclusive except the Lileep dual type fossil, which I took the opposite of.
 




 Phione takes foreeeever to hatch :P
 




 I can get you Kabuto I'd just have breed one real quick haha sorry! If time is no issue it's not a problem.
 




 For sure! I have an extra Tyrunt on hand, just gotta breed the Phione.  




 [trade] Alright so I need a bunch of pokemon for my Hoenn pokedex. I'm willing to trade pretty much whatever, I have almost all of the Hoenn pokedex minus this handful. I also have every starter from every generation.

Some other notables up for trade: 
Tyrunt
Anorith
Kabuto
Phione

Thanks :)
 




 Shit thanks mate! This was my first time participating in a giveaway and you my friend have made it tops! 
 




 Not even the weirdest thing about this picture.. 




 I would be willing to argue that most people here are actually aware that it's a blanket...you're kinda missing the point. 




 If it were a colour picture I bet it would look normal... just the contrast in black and white photos that makes things look unnatural. That said, this definitely belongs here. Weird photo composition as well, with her way out to the right of the frame facing away...  




 K then deposited. :)
 




 Okay, about to deposit a level 15 male Slugma. I can't gender lock, but I did level lock. Sorry i'm a noob to gts - do I need to fill in the pokemon wanted section? 




 aka every pokemon i'm not actively trying to catch. 




 Badass! The texture makes it seem almost as though it's made of stone. Either way, very good looking Blastoise!  




 I miss this emulator :( I updated iOS and now it no longer works. My FR team wuz the shit :( 




 Hmmm I just got all this free stuff from my loving family... I better go complain about it on the internet now. 




 Good to know man, glad to have you on my list :)
 




 None really come to mind, I'm sure there are lots but I only do a couple at a time, takin' it slowly.
 




 Thanks a lot man! Merry Christmas!
 




 k
 




 sure!
 




 thanks man!
 




 [trade] Yeah so I need a Lotad to help complete my pokedex. Going in systematic order now that i'm done the game. I do have every starter from every generation though if somebody wants one for the trade.  




 Because sleep is for the weak and I am an internet addict. True story.
 




 Thanks a lot man! Hopefully you'll be around when I finally get my Electrizer and Magmarizer :)
 




 [tradeback] Yeah so I basically just need help evolving these three via trade. If you don't have them already it will be for dex entries or if you do you could just help a fellow trainer out. The Clamperl will be evolving into Gorebyss.  




 Yooo sorry man I totally replied and then went and did shit thinking you weren't gonna be on! Anyway i'm around now. 




 Hey man sorry passed out last night, I still need a Chespin though if you're offering. What would you like in return? I have literally every other starter. (except Fennekin, have it but in a different game)
 




 Thanks for the trade man! Now all I have left is Chespin...that one will be tough haha. Not much love for that little guy.. 




 I added you, you still need to add me though so that it's mutual. Just enter in my friend code in the friends app and i'll initiate the trade, it's done through PSS 




 Kk I still need Oshawott, Got Froakie now
 




 haha sweet :) i don't even know what that is lol. I would have taken literally anything.
Thanks for the trade mate!
 




 damn how'd you lose your everstone?
 




 Nice third choice! :) Thanks for the trade mate.
 




 Can do :) have extras of all
 




 Cool sounds good, I literally just got froakie in a wonder trade hahah but yeah np just send over whatever along with the chimchar egg 




 Yeah man that would be great, and I can trade you all three of those of you want. They're all gonna be level 1 tho haha
 




 [trade] So yeah i'm looking to complete my Hoenn pokedex and I also want to get all the starters eventually so I'm looking for the ones mentioned in the title as well as Chespin and Froakie if anyone has em. Not picky about level or stats or whatever.

Can trade any of the original Gen I or II starters plus Snivvy, Piplup, Tepig and Turtwig. 

Thanks. :)
 




 I'm assuming it's done now... didn't get any but helped get a few new dex entries!
 




 Chances are i'll be sleeping by then but i'm not in a rush and if you're going out of your way to offer them free I can just wait until whenever's convenient for both of us. I'll add you tho 




 Yeah that sounds good, Try me whenever you're on, I'll probably be awake.
 




 for sure!
 




 gotcha. so in 15~min?
 




 Sorry i'm a noob to the Pokemon Reddit community, how do these work? 




 [trade] So i'm looking for Squirtle, Bulbasaur, and Charmander. I have for trade any of the following, bred from an egg level 1:
Snivvy
Piplup
Chikorita
Treecko

Also I have an extra ditto.

Thanks! 

Ps if you happen to have Totodile or Cyndaquil and want to trade for any of the above, that works too!  




