 wow thanks so much! Yup that sounds about right.  




 I know : / For my own modest personal use I can get away with a 5g for most small to medium beers. (Or so I've read) My friend who brews with me has a 15 G rectangular cooler that we can use if needed.  




 Yes but I will have an 8 gallon kettle soon. Never thought I'd be this pumped to get any kitchen equipment  




 Awesome! You would use 6.5 gallon carboy or bucket for that?

Also- if my mash tun only holds 5 gallons, can I sparge again to reach a proper boil volume? Or fly sparge ? Thanks! 




 These look great. Noob question:

Batch size is the amount of beer at the end of fermentation?

 




 Yea of course! Since I have limited volume for boiling, mash, fermenting etc anything that will yield roughly 4ish gallons once transferred f primary would be great. 5 gallon everything. For my birthday I am asking the brew fairy for a 7+ gallon kettle.  :D

 




 Hey all. New AG brewer and I would love some ideas for recipes you have tried with success. I am into any style of beer but my favorites are dry-Irish Stout's and virtually any English Blonde or Brown Ale. Would love to keep it noob friendly for all those who only have limited resources and experience like myself. I have a 5 gallon mashtun and a 5 gallon brew pot along with everything that came with Brewers Best base starter kit + a second 5 Gallon Fermenter. The more detail in your instructions would really help myself (as well as others looking to start or have just started AGB) out. Thanks a lot and look forward to reading! 




 Oh I definitely will get myself and iodine test. I didnt know I could get it at a CVS. 

As I get more familiar with all grain, I will try out some irish moss. I have heard good things. 

As for the carboy, I usually cover it with a towel to prevent light exposure. I removed it for the pics. Should I be wetting this towel? Does it really have a large impact on temperature?

Wondering how I can be sure I used enough water per pound of grain in y mash so for next time I want to be sure. I used http://www.brewersfriend.com/mash/
If I wish to build a recipe giving me 3 gallons at the end, what is the best way of going about that? Love the help so thanks a lot for that! 




 Thanks a lot! You know it 




 Thanks! I will invest in my own hydrometer. I left it at my buddies place from our last brew. Rookie move. I will also see how an iodine test can help if they are not expensive. Will need to research refractors and buy a hose for my barb on my mash tun.

 

Here are some pic updates.
http://imgur.com/IqJ7AhG
http://imgur.com/l6cj9J6
http://imgur.com/DASikMM


Looks like its fermenting nicely. Some observations:

The color in ambient light is a nice dark Guinness like brown/light black. Shined a light to get a good look at the inside (to see what the hop situation is like) hops seem to floating around and appear to chillin on the krausen. What perplexed me was the color under this little light. It was more of a unattractive brown (see pics for an idea)  Cause for concern? I referred to my other beer for reference. 

My Irish red looks and smells amazing especially in ambient light. I then shined a light on it briefly and it too had a weird brownish hue. I am thinking the light doesn't help any appearances. 

I am gathering I extracted enough sugars from the malt and pitched enough yeast as it's a pretty active fermentation. Let me know if anyone has some advice as to how to clear up the beer, colors in early stages of fermentation etc. Would love to hear back. Thanks !  




 Here are some pics
Wort http://imgur.com/sbqwzvg,aalmpgT
First Runnings http://imgur.com/sbqwzvg,aalmpgT#1 




 I have a few extract batches under my belt and I was really excited about trying an all grain recipe! I made my mash tun and I was ready to go. (I thought) So I went to my local homebrew shop and asked for enough ingredients for a 3 gallon batch. He hooked me up with assorted grains and hops for a porter. 2 row pale, chocolate, crystal, black and hops. I preheated my mash tun and then I started the process. 

I mashed for an hour at 151 degrees and vorlaufted until the wort was clear. It looked really good actually! Fly sparged but not sure if I did it well enough. Over time I expect I will understand more of how that works...
The boil really looked great. Barely anything floating in there, the foam looked like a barista at a coffee shop took his time making a cappuccino but instead of coffee it was my wort. I was pumped.

So the boil when on for an hour and the guy who gave me the ingredients said to just hop at flame out. I was like hmmm maybe I will add some at 30 minutes. So I did. I also added some at the very end of my boil. Thats when I was like hmmm. I see too many hops hopping around in this thing. Not sure if thats ok. I said dont focus on it...


After cooling the wort to 70 degrees there seemed to be a lot of gook at the bottom of my boil pot. It gave the wort an interesting hoppy aroma, naturally. Not that it was bad, just something I was not expecting. Then I siphoned into the carboy. I aerated the wort in the 3 gal carboy for 2 minutes and pitched my yeast. Sealed it and now I am wondering wtf I did will be ok or if it will kill me. 
Long story (sorry) short, I have no idea what to expect and I was wondering if anyone out there has just said 'hey Im going to see what happens today" and what the results were. Not sure how efficient the brew was as it was my first all grain but its all a learning process. (I am a novice homebrewer and I would appreciate any feedback. I really do enjoy the craft ----) Thanks for reading! :) 




 huge help! Thank you 




 Wow this site is incredible. Thank you! I ordered a kit that comes with a 3 piece ball valve, coupling, SS mesh filter etc. Cooler on Amazon. Looks like I have everything I need coming my way minus ingredients! 




 Ah thanks! I worry about the rules. Slowly noticing people take the trial and error approach with building these (and other things) I guess. As long as you have a seal, something to filter out grains on the inside, food safe parts and a way to transfer into a kettle, one would assume everything will work out, no? 




 I also feel like this has many of the components to help jump start the project. Ball Valve coupling gasket etc
http://www.homebrewstuff.com/1-2-weldless-bulkhead-w-deluxe-valve.html 









 Thanks, Chino_Brews! I understand now. I will look into this more as I get familiar with homebrewing.  




 Ah. Thank you for that clarification. Thats what I thought. Very informative. This is a new hobby for me and I am excited to take it further. Even more pumped to drink this brew :D 




 Thanks! When you say 'not that great', how do you mean? I am not too worried but just was wondering what the community thinks. I didnt hydrate the yeast before pitching. What are the benefits of that? 




 I brewed a 1 gal batch of Irish Red the other day. Wondering if adding too much yeast affects clarity of the beer. They said to add roughly half but I may have added 55-60% of the packet at most to the fermenter. The fermentation was "happy" to say the last. Very active and I needed a blow off. When I exchanged the blow off for the air lock the aroma was very pleasant! Looking forward to drinking this one in a few weeks. Any thoughts  ?? 









 If you could join a fellowship with any character from The Lord of The Rings Trilogy, who would it be and why? 




 Let's rock, let's rock, today. 




