 Not old enough yet? I'm raving about the knife set we got over a year ago 




 I thought the line was "who hurt you?" Referring to Lionel Richie 




 Being stuck in traffic isn't driving.  That is commuting. You don't like commuting. 




 Pse COULD have a deposit.  It could not, also.  Only on approved credit will they not take one 




 *on approved credit* 




 The thought is "I don't like driving so I'm not going to learn enough about it to do it well" 

Just because you have a license doesn't mean you know how to drive.  It just means you demonstrated understanding of the rules of the road and basic operation of a vehicle.  

Driving takes a lot more knowledge about what the car is doing at any given moment.  What is the contact patch of the tires during this turn?  When I apply the brakes, how does the transfer of weight affect the balance of the car? Etc... 




 They said there could be a deposit, gave them my ssn and said there wouldn't be one for me. 




 Read: she's a big one 




 Pse didn't have any deposit for me. But I've had no issues with credit anywhere for a while 




 Yeah...now. not before the popularity from marketing 




 [rimshot.com](http://instantrimshot.com/index.php?sound=rimshot play=true) 




 This pic is older than dirt in Internet years.  Here's another angle from 2002

http://web.archive.org/web/20031212170326/http://www.geekbrother.net/albums/biler/subaru_impreza.jpg 




 Lego, gauntlet, Puppeteer, Magicka 2 (when it releases), PVZ:GW. 
 




 256GB for OS and a 480GB for games.  it's glorious. 




 Bring it to me, I'll do it for 8% 




 All the ones I've used have. I bring them a bucket of change and say I want to deposit this.  I give them my account number and they say ok. Then they come back with a slip that shows how much is was and deposit it.  I usually have $50-$100 each time. 




 Coinstar takes your money, then gives you back only some of it only after it tells you how much there was.  If that's not a waste, I don't know what is.

Most banks will do it for you for free if you have an account with them. 




 This makes a lot of sense now.

My town had 3-4 of these back when we only had 1-2 subway chains.  I thought they were the best sandwich chain out there.  Carbonara and the prime rib were amazing.  I assumed they were the same owner because they suddenly all became Togo's...and they don't have any chicken on their menu :(

Now I know why.  Shame. 




 If that's true, then he makes more than 50% of the US.  Median income is around $23k/yr 




 They did that in my town in 2003-2005.  Tore down the whole thing (movie theater, KMart) save for the one JC Penny store.  Then it's a bunch of outdoor modern themes and a Best Buy went in there in 2005.  Turned it around quite nicely. 




 anytime fitness, Edmonds, Wa.  Might be another 5+ months before we open though. We've been "negotiating" the lease since september. 




 Oh yeah, I'm aware of what is needed to succeed. I'm the business person with lots of exp with small-medium size businesses. I can turn on the personality when I need to. My wife will be the main customer facing person.  She's the more fitness passionate and loves to help everyone.  Still up in the air about how to handle the personal training aspect, but the franchise has an in depth immersion on boarding to get you up to par to the successful clubs. 




 It was $500k for everything for a 5k sqft 24/hr gym, renting the building, and I will run it. (you don't need 24hr staffing)  




 Yeah, the one I'm looking at is $500k when all said and done 




 Industry average is 45% churn rate yoy. 




 $100-$150? I'll buy a dozen right now. Cash 




 Rent will be 50% of my overhead for the one I'm getting 




 Lease the equipment. Top name stuff has a 3 year warranty, swap it out for new stuff every three years to stay current and basically infinite warranty 




 Compared to other franchises, I'm buying an anytime fitness as we speak. It might be $500k for the whole deal, but I could be netting enough to pay that back in 3 years.  After that, mostly profit.  




 And crushed by pressure 




 xpost same as repost?  Last one I saw was on /r/gifs and this is /r/aww 




 LISTEN HILLBILLY... NOT NOW...NOT EVER! 




 I like the subtle nature of it, instant power (compared to turbos spooling)  and it's tuned so that it won't hurt the reliability of the engine.  They give a 36k mile warranty with their kit. 




 I heard it long before the internet was around, but believe what ever you want to believe. 




 why can men sleep with lots of women and be praised for it, but women do the same thing and get shamed? 




 Never heard that one, but it doesn't have the same ring to it.  




 I never said I believed the idiom.  I just give it a reason for when anyone asks this silly question. 




 Nope. It's just something that nature has created.  Men want to spread their seed, but if they see that a woman has had too many other men, they become undesirable. Fast forward 100000 years and now we need to change in our current society.   




 Metaphor.  Master key = stud.  Terrible lock = slut.  When people ask this question, this is one of the better explanations. 




 Whoosh?
 




 If a key opens many locks, it is a master key.  If a lock is opened by many keys, it is a terrible lock.

EDIT: Holy crap I've awakened the entire sub /r/feminism 
ITT: people that can't take a joke. 




 http://i.imgur.com/fLfru9k.gifv 




 http://i.imgur.com/fLfru9k.gifv 




 United 




 This is the right answer.

Step dad has global priority status(2 million or so lifetime miles). Gets upgraded nearly every flight. We get upgraded with him on occasion 




 Happens in India too.  Counterfeit rum still has methanol in it.  Killing lots of people because it's sold super cheap 




 If 4 players remain, and it's two ww and two villagers.  The game is over and the ww win. 




 Stillen.  When I get another 8-9k saved up to blow 




 Oh that should be easy. They'll have a flat rate per hour to do it might be $85/$150 hr 




 It's going to be a performance shop for you then.  Everything is going to cost more than you think.  Try to find a place that specializes in Nissan/infiniti cars.  I know there is a spot here in Seattle that will do the supercharger when I get it, but all other bolt on stuff I'll do myself 




 I think you hearing the lifters. Pretty sure it sounds normal to me 




 Downtown Seattle was the same at noon 




 It's more trouble than it's worth. A $20 cd player mount is way easier 




 Ctrl + F Whet = upvote 




 and didn't even list the first one? 




 Was right there too, but I don't work there 




 Very personal issues beyond the depression and after the book was released.

I know what happened, but no idea how she's doing.  




 Dark things absorb the energy while white tends to reflect a lot of it 




 We were right down the right side of that pic. 









 So I ordered the kit on their black friday week specials for $1240 and it arrived today.

It came in 2 separate boxes weighing a total of about 100lbs. It comes in 6 pieces + the hardware.  Tools you need are a 14mm socket, 14mm wrench, 12mm socket, lots of penetrating spray lube, and that's it.  

The instructions are pretty basic and not TOO descriptive but it wasn't hard to figure out what they were talking about.

The most difficult part of the whole job is removing the factory exhaust.  I just jacked up the rear my car on jack stands and went to work.  The factory exhaust is 3 pieces.  The muffler, the resonators, and the y-pipe.  It's held on by 10 bolts and 5 rubber hangers.  

In my case, the bolts that attached the y-pipe to the resonators were frozen/jammed on there good, I was able to break one loose, but ended up stripping the nut of the 2nd.  Not that big of a deal as you can remove the cross member that is right there and the whole thing came out as one big piece (y-pipe+resonators).  Getting the hangers out of the rubber supports was a bear as well.  They have an arrow tip that makes it really hard for them to go back out after they have been installed. You have to pull on the rubber while at the same time push on the mufflers (and a lot of lube) to finally get them out.  This would have been massively easier if I had it on a lift and not awkwardly squirming on the ground trying to get leverage.

Installing the new parts was super simple.  First put the larger part of the y-pipe on, then the other and secure the bolts finger tight using the factory gasket and bolts.  Then hang the resonators in their spots and bolt it to the y-pipe with the gasket and supplied hardware, again finger tight.  After that, you hang the mufflers in their spots (kinda of a bitch by yourself working from the ground). Last bolt the tubes from the muffler to the resonators with the last 2 gaskets.   From the cats start tightening everything down working your way back checking for clearance of the sway bar and cross member (that you reinstalled if you took it off).  Once the exhaust tips are aligned properly (by sliding the hangers back or forward), you can make sure everything is bolted down tight.  Start the car, check for leaks.

For my car, it was about a 3.5/10 difficulty.  If I had a lift it would have been a 2/10....with a helper and a lift, 1/10.  From unboxing to taking the car off the stands and cleaning up was about 3 hours.  I spent too long on that one bolt and I kept getting work phone calls, so it could have been 2-2.5 hours.

The increase in performance seemed noticeable.  I'm sure I'll use the extra "19 rwhp" claimed by Stillen, but it's the sound that makes it worth all the while.

During initial startup and under load, it sounds mean...but not obnoxious, very similar to the stock sound (which I loved).  On the road, it's actually QUIETER than stock.  Anyone that complains of a "drone" is hallucinating.  I took a trip down the freshly paved freeway near my house last week with the stock exhaust and tonight with the Stillen exhaust.  I also took with me a dB meter.  Stock exhaust was around 67-75db at highway speeds.  Stillen was 63-70db.  I was really surprised.  Perhaps after a few hundred miles it might change as it gets broken in, but we'll just have to wait and see.

I'll post a vid of the exhaust under load compared to stock after it stops this wind/rain shit storm that Seattle has going right now.

**tl;dr  Stillen exhaust is super easy to install, more power, and a mature sound that wont piss off your whole neighborhood.**

 




 I have a GoPro with lots of mounts and will be doing some before/after video's.  

What would you like to see?

I'll probably just drive a 1-2 mile route around my neighborhood with the camera stuck just above the exhaust, then again in the cabin.  After the new exhaust is on, repeat it. 

I might also do a time lapse of the install process, it doesn't look all that difficult.
 
























 http://www.imgur.com/cMWVY0m.jpeg

I've done nothing but baby this thing since I got it a week ago.  Never attempted to replace the band. If it's off my wrist, it's on the charger.  

Any suggestions? 









 That's too bad. I really wanted the metal band to start with.  Now...to get the silver or black trim and wait for the metal bands to come out.  http://gizmodo.com/moto-360-hands-on-the-one-weve-been-waiting-for-proba-1630875506 




 My wife and I moved to Seattle recently and was looking forward to going to PAX Prime, but missed out getting any tickets.  

I thought the face value of these were like $35 each, so I'm not sure why all of them are advertised for $80+ ea.  If someone could explain that to me, that would help.  Unless it's just people taking advantage of others, then...well, people suck.

Anyway, I'd love to go just for a day to see it.  Any day would be ok, but if there are 2 Sat or Sun passes available at a reasonable price so that both my wife and I can go, I'd be forever grateful.  

If you are here in the Seattle area, that would be best, otherwise I guess shipping will have to do. 





























 Fun Fact. If the top 30% of Americans (anyone making ~$47k+ a year) donated just over 25% of their income, the minimum wage could be set at $30000 a year. Now that would be nearly 100% increase in $ for 40% of the people in the country (around 60 MILLION people). What would the economy look like if almost half the people had twice the money they had before?

If you make less that $20k/yr now, what would YOU do with $10K+ more money at the job you currently have? Buy more things than you would right now probably. Perhaps start investing in things? Start owning a home? Trade in that old inefficient unsafe car? Start eating better food and going to the gym? Stop going to the dollar store/Wal-Mart and start spending money at local shops and on things that were made in the USA because now you don't have to save every penny? I would think that far more business ventures would be more successful because more people would have more money to spend on things that aren't necessities.

I know that people will screen "socialism!" and "redistribution of wealth to the lazy!" and what not, but it's just a thought experiment. Since 1% of the people have 40% of the wealth in this country, what would happen if we DID take half of that money that the 1% has and gave it to the bottom 40% (The bottom 80% only have 7% of the wealth currently). Think about it. 

A CEO makes ~380x more than the average employee (not the least paid...the average). The average person has 1 car, if that. CEO's don't have 380 cars each, or even a few cars that combined are worth 380x the average. It gets to a point to where you can only buy so much stuff. Sure it can be lavish, expensive and superlative..but if you make 1000 times more that the average person, you wont spend 1000 times more money on things. In 2012, 3000 people made AT LEAST 1000 times more than 60,000,000 people did, with 1000 of those making over 5000 times more.

Forget about if it is "fair" or not. Just what if the rich suddenly decided to willingly give up a decent portion of their immense wealth for the good of the country. 

Reddit:  What do you think would happen when 60 Million people have over twice as much to spend each year? 










































































 I just got an email from best buy where I pre ordered my ps4 that the new release date for it was 11/30/13.

I wonder if they have announced this yet 










































































 The primary reason I have it is to look at my house to see where I'm losing heat in the winter... But what other fun things do you think I should do? It's not a super high end one, no zoom or anything like that but it does have the ability to save pictures... So I'll post some shots of requests am able to do it. Suggestions?

EDIT: Here is the album of what I've made shot so far. http://imgur.com/a/o7rnE 




