 Nice bike! 




 I was never a big fan of Opinels but I gotta say, that is beautiful.  




 If you dont mind me asking, what's with the knives on the bottom row 2, 3 and 4 from the left? 




 I just bought my first Spyderco tenacious about 6 months ago.  They make good stuff. 




 How big is that blade? I love the knife but seems a little to big for every day carry. 




 Its tough but I love the challenge.  




 Down vote this.  I figured it out, I am playing on hardened and I realize I have to press square. 




 I downloaded the game and played though a part of the prolonge and when I get the the alleyway with tommy he glitches out and won't continue forward.  I can't continue on because the infected guy at the end keeps on killing me. 




 That lady was right, that homeless man was beaten up by a group of thugs. 




 Gratuitous.  




 I always preferred Pepsi.  




 Watch the movie "under the skin".  You're welcome. 




 Why orange and green?  




 Spyderco tenacious.  3.125 inch blade, has a good weight to it feels sturdy and well made just all around a good knife. 




 3rd base line, section 126, row 3. 




 Its like an abusive relationship.  They keep on getting socked in the face but always end up crawling back.  




 I have the same Oliver Winchester knife!!! I have never seen anyone else that has it.  Solid knife.  




 No, the clip cannot be adjusted.  




 Its a great knife.  Feels well made and has a good blade on it. 




 I feel for ya.   




 The Nobleman, I picked it up in a cutlery store for 25 bucks. 









 The scene in Hardball where G-baby got shot and they showed his little coffin.  I lost it that that scene.  




 I have that knife, its a good blade.   




 Win the player-haters ball. 




 I have an '82 cb900c.  When I bought it everything worked great.  The only problems I have is that the engine doesn't re-fill the battery and I had to change the tires as well as break pads.   




 I dare you, I double dare you motherfucker say whore one more God damn time! 




 This is a good sign.  When the arguement is this extreme you can bet that they're scrambling for a reason to continue on.   




 I read a short story once where one of the characters was named "fat boy", it was free so I let it slide.   




 Is this an Xbone exclusive?  




 Do you know why aspirin are white?
Because they work. 




 that phrase takes on a whole new meaning when it comes to Hannibal.   




 Does anyone know what she said? 




 Hannibal.  The entire first season they are winding Will Graham up to become a monster.  




 That guy has a great pair of tits. 




 pass on the right = death. 




 Just assume every time you go out riding the other drivers are blind, deaf and dumb. 




 Or you can just download them online for free. 









 Truly fantastic!  There were times I stayed up until 3 or 4 in the morning reading that series, really hard to put down those books at times.  




