 Sandra?  




 If I lost a camera with all my personal pictures on it, I would love for someone to try and return it. I guess you think the OP should just wipe it and keep it? 




 I don't know...the extra 30 bucks a month I make from it sure comes in handy...;-)  




 Poor grammar.

Darn skools n-e-ways.  




 As much as you can under your circumstances. Even a short paragraph is a good start if it's all you have time for. More time? Keep going until you can't.

One of the biggest hurdles in writing is finding the time. (at least for me) 




 Want to crack a safe? Done

Life of crime? Easy

Save lives? Perfect! Can deflect bullets...more anything. All by thinking.

Choices would be unlimited.  




 Unlimited telekinesis. Really, not much else after that. 

Flying - Make yourself fly.

Need anything, poof you have it.  




 Google...Pokemon Online Multiplayer. 

Receive answer. 

Tada!  




 You...do not have a pre-teen daughter. 




 I would like this as well. I have a bunch just sitting around... 




 I would be a person that makes torpedoes out of scorpedoes, and that would be awesome! 




 Blood...She wanted more. 




 I can only speak for myself, but I try to keep my descriptions limited. When I read others books and they start to get all flowery with their writing I tend to just skip ahead. I like to form the scene in my own head and I trust my readers to be able to do the same.

Now, that being said, it is ultimately up to you how much description you add. Just be sure to get some good beta readers, and trust them if they say you don't need those four pages describing a chair. 




 It seems Amazon has finally realized that my collection of short stories have been free everywhere else but on their site, grab it now before they mess up and put it up again for $100 or something crazy like that.

http://www.amazon.com/Collection-Short-Stories-ebook/dp/B007Y2MN48/ref=sr_1_4?s=books ie=UTF8 qid=1368757166 sr=1-4 keywords=jamie+heppner 




 Yet... 




 Poverty? What's that? (Stuffs his -will write for food- sign behind his back) 




 I am happy to say, this is completely raw, all writing, no editing. But it was my first sentence, and is subject to change. 

Thanks :-)  




 Okay, first 3 lines...but...

The mirror lay in broken shards randomly strewn across the polished stone floor. This was the end. I had no escape left to me.


It's my current, almost finished, WIP. 




 It was public, and yep, massively downvoted.  




 Go ahead, or "go ahead and" 
i = I 
Doesn't = Don't
(This is the correct way to get down votes!)
 




 Ever do any beta reading? Or would you be interested in works in advance of publication for the purpose of honest feedback? I am in need of random strangers that would have no reason to -spare my feelings-.  




 I was considering opening my laptop and start writing some more, but I only had 45 mins...what do you read (listen to)? 




 Kids always wake up way before me...no morning time here. 




 I tell my wife to slow down on the cleaning and enjoy life more...she doesn't listen either. 




 I personally am enjoying the silence right now...not a single noise I am not making...so nice. 









 Latest one I am working on is entitled Mirror Thief. The main character can enter and exit the world in side a mirror. 




 A book cover for one of my works!  




 One does not simply -drive- into Mordor.  




 Just came to post the same thing, it's old news, still glad it happened to him, but old news the same. 




 I don't get a ton of random stranger complements, my wife says women flirt with me often, but I guess I don't see it. However, the few times I can recall a woman telling me they thought I was (something) I can say I was flattered, and I didn't think any more of it. But it doesn't happen often enough to remember more details. 

Not to mention a male perspective is too often skewed by inconsistencies.  




 Perhaps not so much a hit and run as a...shared moment in time.  




 I can see that, but would you take offense if no-one said anything, ever?
I haven't even owned a trench coat in years!

In all fairness, as another commenter said, this works just as well as a woman speaking to a man...Of course, most men would take it completely the wrong way and think a woman is reading to go all the way or something... 




 Ahhh! But a persons perspective changes everything. I honestly think most models are only mildly attractive if at all, I can see a mother smiling at a child, her hair a mess her clothing tossed and no makeup, yet think she is stunning. Does this make sense? 




 Yes...the internet can be a terrible medium for an open discussion sometimes. This was just a question I had rolling around in my head today when I saw a beautiful woman, natural beauty, not the purely painted kind. She was married as well, as I had helped her husband earlier...just a thought, no intent.

I also thought that, when did it become wrong to do something like this...were we always so afraid?

Sometimes I think too much.  




 Whew, but I still don't think I will randomly say it, cept to my wife. 




 I hope so, but I don't know for sure...didn't add the sarcasm smiley. :-)  




 How can this give offense? Do you wear makeup? Do you hair? Is it only for yourself...? Serious questions, I am honestly not trying to offend. 




 So if the person wondered away never to be seen again, this would be even more frightening to you? Or...? 




 I can understand that completely, that's why I am stressing the random/stranger/one moment aspect of it all. 




 I can't say I know that glint, but as a man myself it may be hard for me to know if I have it or not...I will ask my wife, she will know :-)  




 Thank you, I live in a smaller town, if I don't know the person, I probably know someone who does. But the thought has remained, why should it be wrong if it's completely innocent. 




 Any situation can be turned creepy by the wrong person, it's more the entire random, genuine moment, and finished... 




 Yes, I could understand the difference, I mean in a complete, random stranger, brush encounter, never to be seen again... 




 If you don't mind answering? Why? I often see women I think are completely stunning, I have no interest in them in other ways, so I keep my thoughts to myself. But why would it offending, I am generally interested. Also, as a side note, I have a scene like this in one of my writings and wondered at the realism of it, since I don't see people doing it. 









 You do have to be in the USA though... :-( 




 Thank you. It's a tough racket to get into. 




 When the car is not running, I assume you read her other comments, the battery is not being charged. She also stated this wasn't the first time, and she knew it should have been replaced long ago. 

If the car had died, while running, than yes...replace the alternator. 

Do some reading before you randomly comment like this, it only makes you look like...well, you said it best.  




 It's *Band* and no...I don't mind them being hidden at all.  




 I would settle for more book sales, but I will take the cookie for now. ;) Thank you.
 




 Yes, I really do. Getting the wife to help can be problematic though, and I need to keep them away from windows (and the kids). But it does help with a level of realism in sword fighting scenes.  




 I have a couple of swords in my collections just for this exact purpose. 




 *This. 




 For my action scenes it does help to think it through and sometimes get up to mimic the motions. Anything to bring the realism to my readers.  




 Here is an article to help you understand. 

http://m.nbcnews.com/technology/technolog/first-google-glass-users-cant-sell-or-even-loan-their-1C9506946

There is still a lot that's hush hush with them. 




 Google glasses can not be traded or resold. If you do, they can remotely disable them. In theory, this pair can no longer be disabled. 




 I too have been trapped by the wonderings of....squirrel! 




 I make sure that if I am in a reading stint I keep my writing to a minimum, and visa versa. I guess you could say, I too, am influenced by what I am reading at the moment. 









 Now that I can see as a better reason to write here.

 If 1.50 won't even buy a coffee to fuel the writing = no point. 

But, 1.50 will now feed you for a week... 




 I think in this instance the old adage -you get what you pay for- does truly apply here. For the most part the people hiring here seem to want things fast and dirty.

Mostly dirty. 




 I can't stop reading them! It's like watching a train wreck. Paying 1.50 per hour for you to write erotica...must write at least 2 stories a day...I can make more than that just writing my own stories.  




 TIL: People expect writers to work for nothing. 

5000 words a day min for 15 dollars? 25 dollars for a 60k book edit? 

Ouch.  




 He would have gotten away if he just pulled up his pants... 




 Damn my memory!!! 




 Damn my memory! Demon's souls! My bad... 




 Yeah, not the last boss. Not even close. 




 Please hold for a very important message. 




 Hit me with a PM and I will email you a PDF tomorrow night. :-)  




 It actually snows very little up there, mostly just wind blowing it around. 




 I say... Dead. 









 Read the comments. There were none made before today. People make pages all the time, I even have a few. It's very simple to change the name. 




 Obviously. And this post has been made by many others, they have been shown the same thing. 




 Yes, the page was, it was renamed today. Anyone can do this. 




 Really? Right off the front page?  




 Welcome, please feel free to tell your friends as well. More the merrier! 




 If your check engine light comes on, you should take it to a mechanic. I would leave the pets behind when you do... 




 They are now free! Feel free to grab them, and let your friends know as well. Thank you.  




 Once you DL them, they are yours to read. If you should erase them at a later date, you can re-dl them at no charge. Enjoy! 









 Thank you! I will post it up there instead. I searched for the right place to put this. Guess I didn't search far enough. 




 Everyone has a gift and it would be a true waste if you were to erase yours. I am happy to have been able to share in the experience of your gift. Keep it up. 




 I wouldn't mind seeing something like this. I try to add what I can when people ask, but I have to agree that some of the requests are a touch daunting for the time I have available. 




 This is pretty clinical. You need to drop some details and add some spice. You have to give me (your readers) something to say, hey, I have to grab this story! 
 




 You find any, let me know. I make less than you do and my wife and I are sitting here right now trying to find ways to come up with more money.
I write books on the side and try to sell them, but I don't even have enough time to push them properly.

It's a no win situation and I wish you the best. 




 I just went through rotator cuff surgery. Torn tendon.

Doesn't sound as bad as yours does. I was told 6 weeks in a sling, I was out in 4. I was told 6 months before lifting anything, it's been 10 weeks and I am at about %80 strength. Gaining mobility and strength every week. Slow and steady here.

Did it hurt? 

Hell yah.

It's better now though...and I don't have any of the pain that I had before. I wouldn't worry about it. If it hurts now, you will deal with it later. The end result is worth it. 




 I am not a DR, but I did stay at a Holiday Inn last night, how about you go see a real doctor instead of asking for help online? 

You know, like real medical advice? 




 Time itself. 




 But they are always making more lego, so...63...64...65... 




 350 words and 19 of them are wheel or wheelbarrow...I almost thought I knew what you were trying to say here, but then I lost it. 

I'm sorry.

If his was meant to be abstract writing, I believe you went a little too far from the edge, and fell off.  




 First thing I think I can help you with is...

With reddit it, it erases your formatting. The best way to get it back is to do a double carriage return. That will help make this patch more readable. I had the same problema couple days ago.

Second thing of note, the boy was supposed to be scared, but he sure was talkative. As a personality trait, most people when afraid clam up. A better way to make this come alive is to keep your sentences shorter, and more choppy, when he is speaking.

Other than those little things, I like what I see. You do create a not traditional mermaidimage, but it works. 




 I am a big fan of the -show don't tell- writing style, and your first line starts me on an edge. I can understand the need to tell if you are trying to keep a story as short as possible, but perhaps some more description would spice up the writing.

"The trees surrounded me. Their canopy so thick it was impossible to tell if it was night or day."

Now, that's a simplistic take on what I see, I could be completely wrong if your intent was the opposite.

Just my two bits. 




 I can try to dredge up some sites. If you do a search on reddit I am fairly confident you will find multiple posts on the subject.

The biggest downside is the time investment, review sights can take months (or longer) to get to your work. Coordinating it all to come together for a big send off is a big commitment.

In case you are wondering, I learned most of this because I made the same mistake on my first releases. Live and learn though. 




 Reviews can make or break your work. It's best to give out free copies to reviewers and cross your fingers they like it. It's a very hard thing to do, but honest reviews with ups and downs are worth more than gold. 

People don't like taking a chance, even at free.

My best month I had almost 5k free downloads on my works, it resulted in 3 reviews, and one of those was 1 star because he didn't get around to reading it.

#bangsheadonwall
 




 I wish you the best, but for the best exposure, you really need to start the promo at least one month in advance. The more time you have to get ready, the better.

You need to have reviews up and ready.

It's best to have as many blogs as possible showing his work and having interviews or at least something up.

On twitter, you should be doing a contest, a giveaway, something to pull in more readers.

On facebook , goodreads, LinkedIn, and as many other sites as you can get, you need to do pre-posts weeks in advance. Try to drag in as much anticipation as you can.

Local book stores, some hate indie's others are quite open to all others, run a giveaway if you can, and if they let you, try to have some posters up to promote your release day.

Sorry, this is off the top of my head, and typed on my tablet, I am sure I missed a thing or two, but good luck regardless! 




 This is incredible, tell your Grandpa that I applaud him. If he does decide to publish it, make sure he does his research if he chooses indie publishing.  




 It was my intent to have an overtone of a slowly fading beat, the heart. Perhaps I went a little to strong with it. Thank you. 




 If you lose your internet, you can't play the game. Even if it is a solo game. Like Sim City was/is. 




 The ring of the phone faded into the back of Tara's mind. It was an older phone, heavy, with a rotary dial, and in a shade of light green that was once popular. The color had always reminded her of pea soup, the kind her long past grandmother used to make. The ringing would stop if she left it long enough. It always stopped, and she always ignored it.

Sitting in an old chair, its cover ripped and stained, her arms stretched out, she felt the coarse material under her. Her skin was only a shadow barely seen. A window showed the only light in the room, the faint glow coming through it. She pulled the darkness in close around her, a comfortable friend.

The weatherman had been right about the rain, for once. The steady dripping against her windowsill comforted her in a way she couldn't explain. It tapped out a rhythm matching the heart beating inside her chest. The two intertwined, leaving Tara unsure where one started, and the other ended. The weak light from outside showed the tiny rivers of water cascading down along the glass, hoping to join their brothers and sisters again in a sea of lost friends. The tears they made in their brief visit to her world reminded her of those that fell down her own face. Untouched by humanity, they left only faint traces, as they too escaped to join new friends of a different color, pooling on the floor.

The cold Tara felt was not from the window, or from her dark room. It was a chill from the inside. Others had told their last story and she had drunk the words. Always thirsty for the knowledge they released before the end. She knew this feeling would come, a familiar friend and a welcome one.

Eyelids became heavy for a moment, blurring the window before her, its surface still heavy with rain. She longed to see the heavens one last time, but the streetlight outside stole the night sky from her, the dark clouds blanketing the sky. The faint glow from the street lamp pierced the rain on the glass, creating a million stars shining in front of her eyes, before her slow, tired blink wiped them clear. A smile broke on her lips touched with a blue from her spreading inner cold.

Fingertips painted a slow river of glistening red. They dripped down in a rhythm unlike the rain, painting a poor canvas stretched across the floor. She thought the drops were falling slower than they should. They landed at random, uncaring whether they matched the patterns created around them. A drummer, who played his own beat while the rest of the band played on.

She took a deep breath, and felt sudden warmth. Tara had done all the research, and they hadn't gotten this right. Her fading mind enjoyed the sensation. It spread from inside, like that first sip of a hard drink, a falsehood that promised comfort, but never delivered.

Her eyes were heavy again, and her vision sprinkled with hints of diamonds, the window a blur. The phone rang again, a distant sound, farther than the blood, farther than the rain. They faded as the darkness took over.

The rain stopped.
 









 Thank you all for the input.
My wife interupted me tonight, but I managed to get a minor 500 words down. It's better than nothing, and a start in what I believe is the right direction.  







































