 I think about good times I've had in the past (memories of friends, family, and other happy moments). Aside from that I look forward into the future and imagine myself in 2-3 years and how different I would be if I kept a positivite outlook on life.  




 Good question. I've had a fear of the dark and a fear of heights since I was a little boy. 16 years later I still have the same fears... 




 Kaga Koko Puffs 




 I couldn't agree with you more! I also do wish more people would watch this anime and see how much of a masterpiece it truly is. One of my favorite Shounen animes out there. 




 My personal favorite is King but I also like Ban too.  




 Yes!! I love the fight between Meliodas and Ban! I think we will meet Gowther (Sin of Lust) next episode. 




 I dont recognize the bottom two but the very first picture is Shiki from Kara no Kyoukai. 




 I started watching it 2 days ago and I'M IN LOVE WITH IT. The plot gives me an Akame Ga Kill vibe and I'm starting to like it more than AGK.  




 I got nothing. Barakamon is literally the embodiment of the perfect slice of life and comedy anime. Also,

NARU KOTOISHI IS TOO DAMN CUTE 




 Nanatsu no Taizai (Seven Deadly Sins) 




 Oh? The Seven Deadly Sins. But shouldn't Escanor know that they weren't the ones who killed Zaratras because they did find his dead body. 




 Interesting, never really thought Escanor could be a future antagonist. Can you tell me what NNT stands for? Sorry, I'm not really familiar with all the abbreviations yet. 




 Just started watching Seven Deadly Sins yesterday and I'm fully caught up in the anime. I love it so far! However, after browsing through the wiki I found that there was one member of the Seven Deadly Sins that wasn't introduced yet in the anime or the manga - Escanor. Where do you think he is and when do you think he'll appear in the manga or in the anime? 




 What server do you play on? If it's Alexina feel free to add me, xsoulstealx! 




 Plot twist: It's actually a guy's butt 




 Wise words said by the one and only alphapussy. 




 Rainbow Nisha is one of my favorite anime's I've ever seen. The plot, the theme, music all blended really nicely. Wasn't a big fan of the animation but I looked past that. Rainbow was the first anime in a while that really impacted me when I finished watching it. All the struggles that the boys went through during prison and after really depicts the problems people face today. In the end it also, despite sounding cliche, shows us the importance of friendship. I agree with you about how the show is underrated. Wish more people would know about this hidden gem.  




 LIESSSS!!! I loved Code Geass R2 wayy more than the first season. I felt that everything picked up and they took the plot to a whole new level. There were so many more twists in R2.  




 I'd have to agree 




 MY SAME EXACT THOUGHTS!!!
 




 Love triangle became a love hexagon after the time skip lol 




 I finished it back in spring of last year. It was amazing!!! I was surprised that no one really heard of Nagi Asu beforehand. I recommended it to a friend and she loved it.  




 I agree with your list except for Aldnoah.Zero. I didn't really hear much from that anime and I heard it was good but it didn't really seem all that popular compared with the rest. I also forgot to mention that Akame ga Kill was pretty hyped too 




 I think No Game No Life was pretty hyped up this year. It was a good show, fairly decent plot, and entertaining, but was it as good as people made it out to be? No. It didn't deserve all the attention it received. I know SEVERAL people will probably hate me for saying that but if you disagree, which 2014 anime do you think was more hyped? 




 Yeah I could imagine that the first half of senior year is pretty stressful but after you get accepted into one of the colleges that you applied to, wouldn't the rest of senior year be pretty relaxed? Sure you still have to attempt to maintain your grades and what not but other than that you don't have to worry about SAT's and stuff. 




 Wow! You're one of the few people I know who actually have a plan on what they're gonna do in college. I still haven't fully decided. At the moment, I could swing either way or maybe even major in something completely different. For the most part I haven't really thought much about college as I'm still caught in the midst of SAT's and trying to maintain my GPA. The amount of stress in Junior year is ridiculous. 




 I was in a similar predicament back in February this year. I had a female friend that I slowly developed a crush on. During a party I saw another one of my guy friends touching her (ass + boobs) and cuddling with her. I immediately felt angry and jealous. The next few weeks after the party was complete shit as my anger was eating me alive. Eventually I got used to them and I moved on. It still hurts once in a while but definitely not as much as it was before. You'll be fine dude, my advice would be to distract yourself by finding pleasure in your hobbies. Only time can heal a broken heart. 




 Nice! I'm actually debating whether or not to pursue Biomedical Engineering or do something in Business. If I could be accepted into NYU Stern that'd be great! 




 Not normally. I've been in several matches where people lynched someone just because they didn't like their name or something stupid like that. Technically this could be a reason but is it a legitimate motive? No. The voters also generally follow the majority so if someone starts to vote for somebody everyone else would usually follow. This might not happen in every match but it is a common pattern. 




 You could argue for it both ways. Pretty much on Day 2 there is rarely any hard evidence that proves someone to be Mafia, SK, or any evil role so as a result people act like idiots and decide to vote for a random person. Sure every lynch serves a purpose but what makes it a random lynch is when people have no proof or have a reasonable explanation on why they want to lynch them.  




 This is probably one of the most inspirational things I've read in a while. I know for a fact that a common issue most teens face is identity. We're stuck in between childhood and adulthood and many of us are confused and struggling to find our own purpose in life. Not to mention the fact that teachers and parents only seem to add more stress that isn't needed. Your story does a great job in showing these challenges  but what's more amazing is how you managed to turn your life around rather then drowning in your own sorrow. Great story and message. Thanks for posting this! 




 Good point. :) 




 Nice! I love reading stories like these, it's so interesting! This actually reminds me of one of my matches when I was playing as Godfather in All Any. It was day 3 when all my other mafia members died (consort and consigliere). It was only me left in the game because the SK left the game on Night 1. The town was feeling pretty good since there was only 1 mafia remaining so I could sense that they weren't in any hurry and pretty much thought they had the game in the bag. I dont remember all of the details but somehow I managed to deceive the 11 townies and somehow won the game by myself on Day 8. The chat after they found out i was the last Mafia was hilarious! 




 This is a cool concept but I feel like having a ranking system wouldn't be fair for some players. Random lynches happen pretty much in every match and even if you do have a pretty good understanding of the game, ToS is very dependent on the cooperation of other players. Not to mention the fact that there are trolls and idiots who play too. Ultimately having a ranking system probably wouldn't turn out very well. Even if they do incorporate it then it wouldn't be fair for everyone. 




 I like your hair 









 Theguyhiding. I'm fairly new at this game so I'm not that great yet. I think I have a pretty good grasp on the basics, I just don't know any other complex strategies.  




 DAMN! Add me on steam: theguyhiding. I sorta got the hang of it today when i played a match with a friend but I still don't know like advanced tactics or strategies. I like to play as Wu Zetian. 




 Ok I'll add you my username is theguyhiding 




 Ok I'll add you 




 Ok sure I'll send you a request 




 Sure I'll send you a request my username is theguyhiding
 




 Add me. Theguyhiding is my username on steam 




 I live on the east coast and I can play normally from 11:30 AM - 2:00 PM and from 5:30 PM - 8:00 PM. Username is theguyhiding

 




 Theguyhiding is my username. 




 Theguyhiding is my username on steam 




 I live on the east coast and I can play normally from 11:30 AM - 2:00 PM and from 5:30 PM - 8:00 PM 




 I just got Civ 5 Brave New World yesterday on Steam as a Christmas present. Last night was the first time I've ever played anything in the whole Civlization franchise. I did the tutorial but I'm still confused at what I'm supposed to be doing early game. Does someone want to do multiplayer with me and help walk me through some stuff? Thank you!

Edit: I live on the east coast and I can play normally from 11:30 AM - 2:00 PM and from 5:30 PM - 8:00 PM 




 Same here I have two research papers due at the end of this winter break. I also have a lot of other schoolwork and SATs to prepare for. So far I haven't completed a single thing but w/e 




 16/M
Yes, I do watch porn because it relieves me of stress
I agree with others about porn getting boring. Thats why I watch more hentai.
HENTAI FTW
I do have some female friends who watch porn too because we share our porn and hentai lol idk if thats normal 




 That sucks and I didn't get anything last Christmas either. I know that feel  




 Wow dude that's really depressing and horrible. I wish your family the best of luck next year though  




 Thanks for letting me know! I'll ask my sister if she wants to link it to my Steam account. Merry Christmas to you too! 




 Pretty lousy, Got Civilization 5 on Steam but it's on my sister's account so I can't really play it too frequently and some chocolate cookies.  




 I didn't get anything all that extraodinary. This year I only really got two presents. One was from my older sister, she suppossedly brought me Civilization 5 on Steam but it's on her Steam account so I can't really play it. I also got a a few chocolate cookies from my mom as my second present. Pretty lousy Christmas if you ask me but it's better than some of the previous years. Christmas 2010 I got a pencil sharperner from my mom AND dad. I'm being serious. Then I go back from break every year and my friends and classmates ask me what I got for "Christmas" and I just tell them that my family doesn't celebrate it. Remember guys if you think you received lame presents hopefully this story will make you feel better about yourself.

Edit: Thanks for posting guys! It's nice to see what you guys got this year and it made me feel more grateful about the stuff I've received this year and in the past.  









