 Do this now for 5 years and have to say my jeans are much almost still the same as when i bought them. But when they get dirty i wash them by hand. Sounds nasty but jeans don't get that dirty unless you have such allot of ball sweat that it goes thru your boxers. 




 Je had toch ook die documentaire ofzo over dat elektronisch patinten dossier daar schrok ik ook wel van.

Ben sowieso verbaasd hoe dat in de ziekenhuizen gaat letterlijk elke baliemedewerker kan gewoon je hele medisch dossier in zien. Heb toch echt liever dat dit alleen door behandelende artsen te zien is. 




 It's not entirely insured if you don't go by a psychiater first. So ask your GP to send you to a psychiater and he will send you to a psychologist and then everything is insured not matter how long and how many consults. 




 found the full report but it doesn't look like they searched for ASD or VSD:
http://imgur.com/JTRNT07 




 By the way would an MRI not show and ASD of VSD? 




 Or if you had an investment or you are allready profitable. 




 Really thanks allot! 
Made my mind a bit at ease and gave me a solid plan!
Thanks a million! 
I can't help you back with medical question but if you have some marketing questions feel free to ask! 




 my height is 186 and at that moment i was 88 kilogram so that is a BSA of 2.13 m2. 

But based on these finding would a sudden cardiac death be unlikely or is this hard to say? 

Does this bubble echocardiogram has a specific name?  




 Thanks for your reply again! I had the MRI a year ago so i ordered an echocardiogram to see if it progressed stayed the same or got less in a really easy way because an MRI is very expensive. I do have the report from that: http://imgur.com/LnNv88i 

But i think i'm gonna ask for the special echocardiogram that seems pretty reasonable.

Well i was focused on the heart rate because it is something what you can count and give an exact number. For instance headache is a bit hard to describe in the amount of pain and exactly locate it.  




 Now I can understand your point. Luckily your mom found out! At the end i can always do that but now i'm just in the beginning stages so i don't know yet if its a rare thing or a very common thing. So when they really can't figure it out i will do the research. 




 Hoe graag ik deze onderzoeken wil geloven soms klopt er echt geen bal van. Net zoals laatst dat onderzoek dat alcohol toch niet je hersenen aantast als je alcohol drinkt voor je 16de. Heb je een linkje naar het onderzoek? 




 I'm generally not feeling really good. Sometimes i get very pale/white and i feel pretty weak. Most of the time i get pale/white when heart rate is slow under 60bpm but under 50 i don't feel really good and when faster i get allot of color in my face and skin. 
The echocardiogram was orignally ordered the first time for the bradycardia and tachycardia. It was all sinus rhythm but the EP said it is a little bit strange but not very worrisome. 

I'm not doing very very good because i also have this secondary adrenal insufficiency so it's very hard to say what make me feel bad.

But apart from that i feel confident that this all will end positive for me! 




 First of all thanks for the time and effort!

Well its a bit weird because i sometimes have a very slow heart rate what would indicate very good health but also sometimes very quick. 

How would they find something like an atrial septal defect is that just looking more closely to the echocardiogram of do they do other tests?

But again thanks allot for you time! 




 Cool! I find it very interesting the amount of information doctors can get out of those images. 




 So you mean on the condition they found you should research yourself if there are alternative treatment options?  




 That's not what i mean. I mean that i need to find out together with the doctor what works best for me by telling him how i feel and what i feel so he eventually can make a really good treatment plan. 




 Thanks allot! 
Your explanations are very friendly and clear to understand!
I do have an appointment this monday by phone with my Endocrinologist. But the communication with the EP is not ideal because he is in surgery room 4 1/2 days from the 5 days in the week in the biggest hospital of the Netherlands but he is a very friendly men and I don't really doubt about his knowledge! 




 I life in Delft that almost perfect because your are between the hague and Rotterdam! You should defenelty check that out! And If you come to Delft would you like to take a nice Swedish girl for me with you? 
Thanks in advance and welcome!

you can use http://www.funda.nl it's the biggest apartment and housing site of Holland. 




 Had an echocardiogram done last week but I have the images but not a report. The images are .dicom files. I had an echocardiogram done a year ago also that showed right ventricular dilatation. But I have no clue how to see that on the images. I'm able to send the images because they are only 26.6 mb in total.

I'm very interested also if my quit smoking and doing more sports has made the heart better.

here is the file:

http://www.mediafire.com/download/46fi3glvybvwbaw/Echocardiogram1.zip

don't know if you have a dicom viewer? 




 En dan het jaar erna zeiken dat er geen werk is. 




 Het blijft een lastig onderwerp. Persoonlijk denk ik eigenlijk dat het nooit weg zal gaan omdat je altijd een vorm van jaloezie blijft behouden. Het enigste wat kan gebeuren is dat het nog veel erger gaat worden en dat er misschien een halve burgeroorlog gaat plaats vinden.

Wat ik wel beetje apart vond was dat 80% van de gevangen volgens wilders Marokkaans is dit rapport heb ik zelf nog nooit gelezen maar het klinkt alsof er mee gesjoemeld is. 




 I do understand you but this is how i stand in this. They get paid a good amount of money to be totally up to date of the treatment options in there speciality and choose the right treatment. The only thing i can do is say it's working or it isn't and explain what i'm experiencing as precisely as possible . I truly want to spend my time on my own work and doing fun things and not researching. A doctor should explain to me what the risks are and side effects. But maybe i'm totally wrong here? Well in my home country with the different issues that's fixed because we have GP's how have the "helicopter view" over you medical situation and they refer you to the specialist. You can't go to a specialist by yourself. 




 Exactly this!

Also my problem is that i'm a bit scared or ashamed to go to a doctor and say I think this is going on without having studied for it. Because i get the feeling then that a doctor thinks you are a guy how thinks he knows everything but in fact  you know rats ass about the subject. 




 Dit is eigenlijk een punt waar je het nooit over eens zal worden.. Wil je die lui gewoon thuis laten zitten en uitkering laten trekken? Nee! Maar ze ander mans banen laten afnemen wil je ook niet. 

De overheid moet gewoon gaan investeren in het eigenland door middel van bijvoorbeeld de dijken te laten ophogen of weet ik veel wat maar zodat we banen creren. Zo is iedereen blij.  




 En je CV en werkervaring natuurlijk en noem het maar op 




 Ik word gewoon moe van dat hele racisme gezeik. Je kansen dat je word aangenomen zijn voor elke cultuur hetzelfde hier. Het gaat puur en alleen om je uitstraling op je sollicitatie gesprek. Als ik iemand zou moeten aannemen dan boeit het me geen reet of je paars zwart grijs geel of blauw bent zolang je maar netjes abn praat en dit geld voor "buitenlanders" en net zo goed voor "Nederlands".   




 Off course you should learn something about your health but to a certain level is my opinion. The doctors should give you the right warning sings. Instead of finding them yourself on the internet. 




 I have had those but the only thing showed up where sinus bradycardia and tachycardia and 1500 pac's a day. Now they are gonna implant something under my skin that monitors for 3 years or something like that. But i was wondering what the ecg was showing.  




 Actually he spent 14 years in school but he doesn't know it yet he is planning on planting an implantable loop recorder inside me its called a Reveal Linq. But don't know what alarming symptoms are. 




 he first thought it was anxiety but that doesn't explain the bradycardia's so he wants to implant a implantable loop recorder to figure things out.

I have to say they are pretty rude at that hospital always when i call ER when i have symptoms they say its very busy and we don't have time for this and bla bla. 




 Yes they did, also an cardiac MRI.

Here is the EKG:
http://imgur.com/hlVveDQ

I'm seeing an EP he is a cardiologist how has studied cardiology but specialized in the electrical activity of the heart.

 




 Thanks but i'm not a medical trained person so it would be really stupid to try to find out myself but I appreciate your time for responding. 




 lol sorry! I also have this echocardiogram images but i have no clue who can judge those you can't simply upload those by imgur it are something like .dicom files. 




