 Meeting girls parents, normally this wouldn't frighten me but she's graduating and i'm going to be spending apparently a significant amount of time with them alone. (college, not highschool)
Its an outdoor graduation, and its gonna be about 85 degrees F.  So i'll be wearing dark slim chinos and either a jcrew popover, or ocbd.
narrowed it down to these 4 pairs. http://i.imgur.com/bzUNAPj.jpg 

Normally wear boots for work, so the rogue wingtips wont bother me in the heat if you think they would work well.

personally was leaning toward the left pair, but not sure if they aren't casual enough for the occasion.  Never really dealt with this graduating stuff. 




 http://i.imgur.com/CXMFzTr.jpg rockcastles 




 A tank that says mastermind shouldn't be labeled as a "mastermind tank" unless its a tank top made by mastermind.
change that. unless your targeting the legal knock-off grey area market demographic. 




 chukkas or desert boots maybe.  Normally I dont care for toms, but i think matched with that shirt something interesting could be made. 




 I mean top notch celebs always wore high fashion, but fashion itself evolves over time. Rappers normally wore hood shit, there was alot of evisu and red monkey jeans. 
Streetwear itself started in the mid-late 70's/ early 80's.  brands like stussy and 10deep were specifically geared towards surfers.
Groups like Pharell and the clipse were the main reasons street wear blew up, they started wearing bape, supreme, and pharell started bbc.
I don't remember much more than that, its about when I got into clothing. Pharell came out in dem bapes and i was like I DONT KNOW WHAT THOSE ARE BUT I WANT THEM. 




 there once was a time when streetwear wasn't mainstream.  These things go in waves. Give it 5 years and there will be something else. 




 you could also check out sites like gilt, myhabit, and jackthreads.  Depending on you're area find outlet stores, nordstrom rack, saks fifth off fifth, etc.
but yah a job is pretty key, and don't get discouraged.  The amount you make is never enough, same for most everybody. 




 that second link is proper sketchy 




 If you're in the north-east you could check out barneys new york, and the tannery in Boston.  There's probably more, but those i'm 100% of. 




 pinroll 




 "reputable tailors in your city"?  




 great idea for a thread, but maybe change the title. A little misleading. But yah hope this comes through. :D 




 thanks, yah im hoping they stretch a bit. not as much as my past experience with apc. but they are a tad bit tighter than i'd normally wear. 




 for retail price they are better than I expected, and for sub $100 they far exceed my expectations.  and thanks! might shorten em a little, but figured i'd give big ass cuffs a shot.  mixed opinions on reddit and in real life haha 




 sweet, i was a little worried. out of the box they are one of the roughest pairs ive had.  was expecting the twill to be much lighter. 




 meh, they are for the ALS association. best friends dad just got diagnosed with it. made a donation and figured i'd wear the bracelets.  Normally i'd agree, but yah. circumstances. 




 http://imgur.com/a/tzmh8#0
Told myself I'd never get a pair.  Always thought I was too old for n f, thought their label was too tacky, and they had way too many gimmicks.  Found the skinny guys on karmaloop for ~$70 and figured i might as well give em a shot, seeing as how my apcs were about ready to become retired.
Sorry for the grainy quality, decent camera was too far away, and ms paint cropping.. 




 Yes they do, But if you only wear them on the weekends then just don't wash them at all.  Not because your a denim head, but because you don't want them to fade.  Hang em up and spray febreze on them every sunday night. 




 The only way their customer service could be better is if they would ship their offices to Boston so I could visit. ;)
cant wait for my kickstarter UH's and launch slims as well :D 




 It looks like monster hunter 3, and only showed more than 4 people on screen in a brief clip at the very end.  
I am very excited if it happens, but something screams skeptical. 




 Selvedge certainly does have to do with longevity. the extra stitching goes throughout making the denim itself more dense and durable.  It just happens to also ensure the edge of the denim doesn't fray (finishing edge).
realistically if your levis have lasted years then I would expect apcs to be the same, it all depends on how hard you wear them. 




 I believe the originals should be shipping this month (end of last month), and other fabrics will be shipping over the next 2 months.  Personally awaiting the Super heavy's which are slated for may shipment. 




 like Athosicus said... pretty much just hurdles, and high jump. lol 









 indigo paint. fixem' right up... 




 "curvy", "friction from walking" lol... Try a denim skirt... not much friction there... 




 keys on belt loop, everything else in shirt pockets.  If you don't have shirt pockets, then make shirt pockets.  Oh and put your eraser in the backpack, don't need dem shirts be disappearing up infront da honnies. 




 30 isn't that old, and you can still pull off streetwear without looking weird.
Streetwear unlike most sects of fashion has a huge range, spanning from skater to hip-hop to high fashion esque.  Sure a 30 year old man might not want to wear a pink camo bape hoodie, and ballin ass evisu jeans.  That would look pretty weird.  
Essentially what i'm getting at is just toning down a little bit.  Maybe pick up some 501's or other straight leg jeans, somewhere between baggy and slim.  Personally i'm even a fan of krew chinos if you want to go with a slightly more mature look.
Rather than wearing hoodies every day you could try out some LRG or mishka button ups.  Even just pick up some plain 'ole crewnecks. 
Replacing a whole sneaker rotation I dont see as being a problem, depending on your line of work.  Most grown men wear sneakers now adays.  Plus buying lots of shoes can get expensive.  But if you have the cash maybe check out some clarks desert boots.  They are more "adult" than sneakers in general, yet still look very young and hip.

Sorry to drone on, but i'm 27 and went through the same thing a few months ago.  I wore strictly streetwear for 5+ years, and am trying to move in a more mature direction.  But you always can mix in a few street staples to make a look come through.
gluck mate 




 If streetwear is just a trend then its a long lived trend.... I mean Stussy, 10deep, and vans alone have been around for 25-30 years individually.  Sure in the last 5 years the "streetwear" market has grown substantially, and I see that slowing down.  Imo it has stood the test of time, and it will always have a place in the fashion industry. 




 ACK, was ~4:00 am before work. I done goofed. 









 yah dishonored was really good.  Its just strange that these developers are all like, "need a name".  "OH I KNOW, lets pick something silly that starts with a C!" 




 dead space 3 









 boots, and general wear should do the trick 




 Aston Grey Rockcastle's.  Got em at DSW, I'd try and get into a DSW and try em on if you're thinking about buying.  They run huge, I had to size down 1.5 




 thanks, I sized 1 down.  Tried on 2 sizes down, and was really paranoid about crotch blow before they got a chance to stretch.  They are a little too big on my waist now, so i just wear an undershirt and tuck it in + belt.

Im on the same boat. Thinking of trying japan blue, or 3sixteen.  They seem to be the most comparable in value/quality.  Also hanging in to see if Gustin releases info on their 18.4oz selvedge indigo they talked about on here.  Although i'm not in a huge rush, still loving my apc's.  




 not sure exactly to be honest.  I spill chemicals on them at work from time to time, along with general wear and tear. 




 I washed them once, and I work in a factory where I wear them daily. Im guessing thats why I have significant wear around my thighs. 




 yea, essentially taking the sides in.  Giving the body a more flattering look.
Although even that might be tricky considering the pocket placement is really close to the side seam.  But i'm no tailor so it could be a non-issue. 




 be wary of breaking them in then deciding you want them hemmed.  Im guessing you meant try them on, and make up your mind. You just dont wanna start getting fades then make the fades look unnatural by hemming. 




 it was an in the moment type picture
http://imgur.com/a/wiwvn 









 not an expert, but the shoulders and arm holes look too big.  Probably not worth tailoring costs.  You could get it tapered, and maybe try it with a casual look. 




 Good lookin out, but yahh. Boston to SF is a long ways to go for a shirt. :(  Although I could deal with not being in -3 degree weather right now. haha 




 thanks for the quick response. Ya i'm pretty skinny. ~6'/150lbs, So I will probably hold out.  My local shops havn't gotten them in yet, i'm hoping they do eventually. 




 Mainly has anyone tried the fit. I need slim shirts, and they don't seem to make it in slim.
elbow honeycombs would be killer I think. 









 planetside 2... 




 give it 15-40 wears, they will size up to about a ~36.  From the waist to the bottom of your knees will stretch substantially.  So don't fret if they feel too tight.  If you like the tight look maybe check out the ns petit slims.  Can't say much for rescues, never owned a pair.
Also be careful until they do stretch.  Dont wanna blow the crotch out on a fresh pair. 




 scr8 up out da han dynasty? L Bu'in it an all dat? Teachin dem numbers? word. 




 the type on back is done beautifully. stencil, and spray? or by hand/ruler? Either way I love it. 




 my thoughts exactly. 









 I am and have always been primarily a PC gamer, and I love steam for what it is.  I just want to get other peoples opinions on what the big deal is with steam box/big picture mode.
I've had a living-room computer since the x800AIW card, which at the time was a really niche market.  But seriously. Most budget computers have hdmi out, and will be able to run more games and at a better quality than the "steambox".  Atleast with the given specs as of now, not to mention at a fraction of the cost.
A computer with HDMI out will also let you run your choice of OS whilst regular old steam at the same time.  The big picture mode web browser seems really clunky. The library section is also horrible when you have a descent sized game collection.
The lan party aspect of the steam box is intriguing, but in the same light for ~$1000 you could get a solid m-atx gaming rig with a lan case.  It wouldnt be as small, but atleast it could run AAA games decently.  Plus the steam box is marketed as a console killer, hence nix lan parties unless you are replacing your big computer with a small computer an a big TV.
Not trying to be a hater, just genuinely interested in other peoples opinions. 




 I foresee a horrible ending.. . 




 legend of grimrock 




 install a seatbelt on your racing simulator.  
Don't wear your seatbelt.
Damn thats realistic 




 If you only have $10 to spend why not DS 1 2. most bang for your buck atleast.
havnt played any fear since the original, but either dead space game is better than rage or dead rising 2 imo. 




 I'm gonna brag about all these services I have, and i'm still gonna beg for ms points..
And how is this game related? 




 The World Ends With You. is amazing. 




 thx, real not repost.  They are done and belong to my friend though. Just thought /r/gaming might like too see :)
http://imgur.com/usTg2 









 Terry Crews is pissed 




 thx was wondering this myself. 




 Dark Souls pre-purchase.  I work hard for the money I use to buy games.  Therefore I buy games I deem very worthy of my money.  I feel dark souls would be worth my money, although with speculation of it being a crumby port job I'm not sure if I can swing it with my budget.
Im not sure if you can gift pre-purchases, either way I appreciate what you're doing. Great morale boost for the community as a whole :D 




 :D Yah I stumbled across it there when I was looking for the same case myself.  Great case, great price, and ncix has great service/fast shipping.  Hope you enjoy
PS Depending on what aftermarket cooler you go with make sure you check the depth specs. my Cooler master 212 evo has about a quarter/eighth inch of clearance from the case side. 




 NCIX sells kits for around 20 bucks with a different colored logo/mesh.
http://ncix.com/products/?sku=74187 vpn=GRLM manufacture=Bundle%20Deals 




 Best indie pack yet, imo 




 From what I understand they do stay forever.  Although individual server admins have the power to wipe their servers at any given point.  Essentially clear the world and start fresh.  Mainly wipes happen if the world gets over encumbered by tents/barbed wire/sandbags/etc, and or hacks.  So there isn't exactly periodic flashes, and technically given really bad luck your tent could be wiped the next day.  




 right on, didn't mean to cause a stir.  Thanks for clearing that up. 




 .. Ys origin's normal price is 11.99, not 19.99.  Flash deal price should be like ~5..  Bare in mind I just woke up and could be not thinking straight.
http://i.imgur.com/MmTvW.png 




