 Agreed, they're just being open and honest about their sexism against men. However it does look like they want to make the existing gender justice gap even wider than it is at present. 




 I'd also love to hear the reply and appreciate you taking the time to challenge this. However, I certainly don't share your optimism about it being fixed.

The Greens started out as a somewhat idealistic but ultimately quite likeable party years ago. However, over the years they've gradually been infiltrated by groups for whom environmental concerns were secondary a best. These groups use the "green" label as a way of hiding or rebranding less palette able agendas such as communism and extremist feminism.

Unpleasant and idiotic feminist ideas are today deeply ingrained in the Green Party and the problem goes right to the top, with Lucas previously making a number of sexist statements and more recently carrying out ridiculous page 3 censorship stunts. I've challenged Lucas on her sexism several times in the past on her website, not only were my comments ignored they were also then censored too.

At the very least I don't see any chance if this policy being sorted out while Lucas remains in charge, though I'd live to be proved wrong. 




  I see a lot wrong with sentencing men and women differently

Without wanting to defend the Green party's blatant sexism, your sentence describes something that already occurs a lot of the time. Unlike feminist myths such as the "pay gap", the justice gap is a genuine phenomenon, and men receive significantly longer sentences than women for commuting exactly the same crimes. The entire justice system blatantly favours women at every single stage, not just sentencing, but in terms of the likelihood of being charged or even arrested for the crime, with district violence being a particularly notable example of this.

A couple of years back MP Philip Davies gave perhaps his best ever speech in parliament, completely all the myths about the justice system trying women badly and proving that the reality was the complete opposite of what many feminists were claiming. I strongly recommend people view or read his speech.

So, although the green party policy is sexist, disgusting and hateful, it is at least fairly honest, and arguably rather more so that the present situation. 




 These same feminists who only want to send men to prison usually pretend to favour shared parenting. However, in reality they actually tend to be the ones doing more than anyone else to scupper any attempts at introducing shared parenting legislation or any sorts of equal rights measures for fathers. 




 I'm not too sure how successful a complaint would be. She's not a BBC employee therefore under their rules she has more lee-way when it comes to saying disgusting things. 




 Quite surprising to see a show such as these address the issues of male dv victims in a genuine and fairly honest way.

I don't watch daytime tv but, can certainly recall this show as being fairly notorious for its misandry in the past (something that tends to be the case with countless other women' panel showss.

Anyway, the panel looked quite a bit different and somewhat younger than it used to be, so hopefully most of the worst offenders have lost their jobs and therefore the show isn't as much of a stain on tv broadcasting as it used to be. 




 If feminists think a lack of women in STEM fields cases discrimination with regards to healthcare then how the hell do they explain what's being going on with cancer research, treatment and care for the last 40 years?

Breast cancer has seen mass screening programmes, immense research efforts and patients getting by far the best care of any cancer patients.

Prostate cancer on the other hand has been severely neglected, virtually ignored at times and although things are slowly improving, these issues still persist to some extent even today. Arguments against funding prostate cancer research these days use the fact that the understanding of the disease is someway behind other cancers such as breast cancer. One of the main reasons such understanding is poor is because of the vast neglect seen in past years. Therefore cancer researchers are neglecting prostate cancer patients today, simply because they were also neglected previously!

If money had been spent sensibly and targeted at saving the most lives possible, then some of the billions we've spent on breast cancer would have gone elsewhere and more lives would have been saved.

We're not talking about a trivial points here either. Prostate cancer deaths are set to overtake those from breast cancer in the near future. The numbers involved and the disparities in funding mean we're talking about discrimination against men on an absolutely vast scale. 




 Someone in Canada made some nice posters a while back in response to these. They switched the genders and sometimes the topics too (such as false allegations). It caused quite a stir in the media. 




 Note the name at the bottom of these posters.

Vera Baird is a notorious radical feminist politician who was previously the MP in that area. She got kicked out by voters at the last election but she then stood for the role as police and crime commissioner, an election in which hardly anyone voted. She,s heavily involved in various awful feminist organisations and seems to have spent most of her previous legal career representing women who murder their husbands or kids.

J4M B have complained previously about her awful domestic violence posters, and these rape ones aren't half as bad a those as far as I can remember. 

Anyway, the point is that there's an extremist feminist in charge of all policing in the region in question, so sexist poster campaigns are an inevitable consequence of this. 




 This year:
Matt O'Connor of Fathers4Justice
Tom Martin of Sexism Busters
Brother K of Bloodstained men (assaulted once on camera and also falsely arrested at a different incident)

A couple of years back:
Daddy Justice assaulted on camera by feminists dv campaigner at dv conference

Historical incidents:
Neil Lyndon assautled for writing critique of feminism in the 90s with feminists also openly saying they wanted him shot 




  I have complained about many issues to the BBC but to no avail.

The complaints process sucks but it is possible to win if you use all available channels. I've had at least 3 successes against the BBC, the latest one was probably the best so far:

https://hequal.wordpress.com/2014/11/08/victory-bbc-backs-down-over-dishonest-rape-victim-headline/ 




 This is particularly good advice for anyone involved in our movement.

I can think of at least 4 men's human rights activists who have been assaulted, either by feminist or politicians, and three of the incidents occurred this year.

Those without recordings have faced false arrest and charges and even some of those with recordings have later faced arrest (off camera).

If you do one thing today, please fully familiarise yourself with the video function of your phone so you know how to use it instantly and without thinking. 




 If we're going to complain about men being killed by police then we'd need to pick a far better case than this one.

I'm all for defending even the most awful men when they've been clearly wrong by the police / courts, but there doesn't really seem to be any real injustice in this case whatsoever.

Getting behind shitty people who haven't even been wronged would make us look like idiots and harm our cause. If anything, it's the officer who's been treated harshly, perhaps not by his employers, but certianly by the lying media and much of society. 




 well they probably don't get all the "positive" discrimination that's found in more prestigious a jobs. So I expect female plumbers have it worse than the far more privileged females elsewhere. 




 The best record? They certainly have some of the best people when it comes to challenging feminism, but those a somewhat small in number and they do have the likes of May who's almost as stupid as your average Labour feminist and no better when you look at the polices she introduces.

The Conservatives don't even support shared parenting yet, and there's no way they deserve support as a party.

Why not check out the actual Conservative candidate in your area (and those for other parties) and see if they fully support men's human rights or not? 




 Would be nice if the article gave credit to whoever forced the retraction. Exposing these feminist lies is really important work. 




 There are also regular protesters there engaging with people in a more serious manner. I think a variety of tactics is a good thing - there's something for everyone. 




   it didn't seem that people were paying much attention to what they were trying to get across

In another one of the videos a woman describes overhearing a conversation indicating that AAP had warned all those at the convention not to speak to any of the protesters.

It wasn't the nature of the protest that stopped dialogue - that had already been put to a stop regardless what tactics the bloodstained men used. 




 There's a previous video of a guy arguing with him about the protest. It might be that guy who called the cops? 




 The foreskin doesn't' usually retract on babies or even young children, forcing it to do so causes significant harm as it is fused to the glans, you have no idea what your'e talking about.

As for FGM, there are multiple types of that, some more harmful than MGM and some significantly less so, but all are clearly 100% wrong. It's abhorrent to cut healthy and important tissue from babies, regardless of their gender, it's their body and should be their choice. 




 You completely misunderstand the point. The harmful mutilation you describe is completely illegal in most of the world and those carrying it out are subject to vilification and prosecution.

Switch genders, and similar harmful mutilations to males are encouraged, carried out by those supposed to be protecting children, with vast profits being made from this sexual abuse of babies. 




 Probably slightly unfair to that guy at the end who opposed circumcision, but otherwise seems like a good way to make the medical community think twice about some of the terrible things they're doing to kids. 




 Here's a video of his release from jail:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqQrONzR-IA

Apparently the charge is now "obstructing government operations" whatever that means. 




 So you'll do whatever it is that other other people do, regardless of ethics or evidence?

That really sounds like a feminist way of thinking. 




 The term "men and masculinities" is almost exclusively used by man-hating feminists nowadays, the only thing more obvious would be for them to promise to address "toxic masculinity" (A more subtle/modern way of saying all men are rapists).

They're not being totally blatant about what they stand for, at the very least they're completely clueless or alternatively they know  exactly what they're doing and it is a genuine feminist attack/hijack.

I don't mean to be disrespectful, but you do come across as quite naive in all this. Please be careful if you engage with these people as there a pretty high chance that their aims and agenda are probably the total opposite of yours (and if theirs aren't then it's probably the case for whoever is pulling the strings behind the scenes) 




 Great idea. You could make it into the ultimate shirt by stating that 10% of the purchase price would be donated to men's human rights organisations. 




 The best improvement that could be made to this subreddit is for some guidance to be issued for how to submit posts about hateful content.

We shouldn't be giving all our traffic to organisations who make money out of misandrist click bait and instead the content should be archived so we can still read it without giving them traffic or improving their Google rank.

If the content allows comments then that's not so bad as we can at least potentially challenge the misandry, but I see zero value in linking to hate content which has no commenting allowed. 




 The police haven't taken any action against the perpetrator, though please don't post her info as that's against the rules of this subreddit.
 




 The police were even ignoring the caution while it was still in place. For example, they allowed her to renew her shotgun licence which is pretty much unheard of in the case of someone with a recent domestic violence assault caution. 




 He has been charged with "criminal damage" for grabbing the sign which the feminist assaulted him with. He's trying to get hold of the CCTV for the area so it shows what actually happened.

Feminists are either spinning it as him being the guilty party, or saying that he deserved it


(Don't think this breaches any of the Twitter rules as I'm sure Tom won't mind this being posted here, he's a public figure, and probably needs some assitence too) 




 Well that's ok if they also dismiss all Guardian writers in the same way too. 




 Please don't even make small donations until they at least start to fix things. 




 She hasn't been charged and her assaults took place back in September so it's not looking as if the police are going to do their job unless people complain. 




 I meant the majority here don't understand what's wrong with Wikipedia. So many other corrupt organisations have been completely exposed by the men's rights community for their blatant misandry, but no one has ever properly documented the sort of things going on at Wikipedia.

It's very puzzling because people complain about Wikipedia articles more than almost anything else, but they don't look into the Wikipedia foundation itself. 




 It's a subject that really hasn't had sufficient coverage from our community, so there isn't any article I know of that covers the issue.

Everyone here knows Wikipedia is biased and that it allows and encourages feminist to add their bias/bullshit to articles. We get plenty of people complaining about Wikipedia bias but it's inevitable if they're going to hire the worst man-hating editors as staff. It's not exactly a secret either, it's pretty easy to find out if someone works for Wikipedia, but we all ignore these issues and just keep on complaining about the articles instead of discussing the root causes.

 




 People don't seem to understand just how corrupt Wikipedia really is.

Not only do the the most awful misandrists get admin privileges, many of the most notorious anti-male editors either currently make a living off your donations or have done so at some point on the past. For some reason, Wikipedia really loves to employ sexist feminists. 




  the concept of this still blows my mind. The fuck is the point?

It's so she actually goes to prison when she next attempts a violent rape and kidnapping (though if she's patient and waits a couple of years before trying again then we'll be right back where we started). 




 I think it's a great protest seeing as the AAP are in favour of child abuse. I did feel slightly sorry for the guy at the end though who said he hasn't cut a baby and never would.

They need to praise the good guys as well as confronting the bad ones. 




 It's strange isn't it. When people vehemently opposed to abortion set up fake abortion clinics then there's outrage. However, when those who oppose equality for men and men's human rights  set up fake men's groups, it's absolutely fine. 




 Whatever your criticisms about this place, it's certainly a hell of a lot friendlier and a thousand times less threatening than Wikipedia, where every single men's rights editor is targeted for abuse almost automatically now. 

There are at least 3 hateful feminists who are of have been actually employed by Wikipedia and thus given the money of donors despite their awful and quite blatant sexism against men and male editors. These Wikipedia employees have been known to break some of the most fundamental Wikipedia rules including engaging in sockpuppetry and paid editing yet Wikipedia rules don't apply to them because it is so corrupt and feminist dominated.

Feminists actively stalk men's rights editors all over Wikipedia, often for many years, hounding and goading them trying to get them banned at each and every possible opportunity. This is usually for totally invented reasons or after being goaded by feminists for so long that they finally snap or make a minor error.

I don't suppose you'll be doing much about the above, if you decide to do so, as good a place as any to start is to look in the mirror. 




 what? 




 What Google are doing is wrong, but the most outrage should be aimed at taxpayer funded organisations who took part in IWD but afield to do the same for men. Unlike Google, these organisations have a duty to help everyone and to not discriminate.

One case that comes to mind is the BBC, who have a duty to be impartial and always go overboard for IWD but didn't do a single thing or even have a single report on IMD. 




 It's not my video. 




 She hasn't faced any action by the police, here's a response video by the perpetrator (watch to the end, that's the worst part): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAddCgWSbTU 




 Read the video description - she was going to provide written proof of the supposed guidelines she was enforcing, those never arrived. Also notice that she gets somewhat physical which was of concern.

These same protesters face a lot of police harassment and have been falsely arrested multiple times too and repeatedly assaulted by members of the public, see some of the other videos. 




 She hasn't faced any action by the police, here's a response video by the perpetrator (watch to the end, that's the worst part): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAddCgWSbTU 




 She hasn't faced any action by the police, here's a response video by the perpetrator (watch to the end, that's the worst part):
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAddCgWSbTU 




 She hasn't faced any action by the police, here's a response video by the perpetrator (watch to the end, that's the worst part):
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAddCgWSbTU 




 Apologies, i didn't spot the date as it was in such small text. However, please keep your comments to the subject of the material in question, rather than commenting on the person submitting the material.

People in the men's human rights movement have a great deal of interest in in a number of medical matters, and their level of knowledge of such subjects if often extremely impressive. 




 Or attracted more feminist/brainwahed readers than your average Daily Mail article? 




 The UK has provided some of the most important and groundbreaking groups/individuals in the history of the men's rights movement.

- Fathers4Jusitce forced the current debates on shared parenting and the right for children to see their fathers.

- Justice for Men and Boys, One of the few men's political parties.

- Erin Pizzey, founder of the world first domestic violence shelters, who now condemns the misandry of the very organisations she founded.

- Neil Lyndon, the author of the first modern, egalitarian critiques of feminism. 




 Please don't like to that awful site. Thanks. 




 Please don't link to these articles, archive the page instead. 




 I'm not sure if the posters went up around International Men's Day or not, but there's no doubt that they were an incredible success.

The various incidents with feminists caught vandalising the posters and even denying that men's rights were human rights are now a part of the history of our movement. 




 Why not put up posters rather than just holding them for a short while?

That has been an extremely successful tactic in the past. 




 In the UK thousands of girls, usually from care homes, are raped by gangs of roughly this size and the police and politically correct Labour councils turn a blind eye 95% of the time because the perpetrators are Pakistani Muslims (and they even threaten to arrest the fathers of the girls).

Given that Birmingham is run by a Labour council and also has a large Pakistani Muslim population, then there's a 99% that this is exactly 
what's going on here.

Really, they should have just any of the men where a conviction was possible, but Birmingham is the worst council in the country when it comes to child protection, and combined with the refusal to prosecute Muslim paedophiles, the refusal to even gather evidence and then the difficulty of getting statements from the victim, then this isn't going to happen.

Although this looks like a men's rights issue not he surface, it really isn't, and is simply about past (and present) failing of ultra politically correct police and local councils who will only arrest sex offenders who are non-Muslim.

**update** article was significantly expanded a few minutes ago, confirming everything I suspected above.

Why the hell am I being downvoted, i just successfully predicted what was going on here? 




 Something strange is happening with my posts on Reddit, they don't seem to appear in "new" yet this is now on the r/mensrights page so obviously I'm not shaddowbanned. 




 I see this isn't showing under "new" and has therefore been wrongly censored. please don't do that. Thanks. 




 Apologies for the indirect link, but i submitted this half and hour ago and it appears to have wrongly been censored. It's quite clearly far more politics related that 40% of what gets posted on here, so deleting this post is clearly totally inappropriate behaviour. Anyway, I'll assume it was a mistake. 




 Don't really enjoy most Conservative party related sites, but Conservative Women is an exception an has some excellent content. 




 and up there with the worst misandrists of them all is Lynne Featherstone, a Lib Dem! 




  Now they promote issues for women and immigrants

Very true, although its worth noting it's particularly middle class women they help. They really don't have time for the small minority of female immigrants who truly do suffer genuine oppression. 




 Really worth reading this article.

Not only does it expose the misandry of top Labour Party politicians, it also joins the dots to the people in the media giving an outlet for them to promote all their anti-male ideas. 




 I use Wordpress too (and had a good look at other options before choosing that one). 




 My advice is not to use Amazon because they insist on selling "Boys are Stupid, throw rocks at them" merchandise.

In the Uk we got most retailers to withdraw these items, but Amazon were one of the few to refuse to do so. 




 You'll get best value for money donating to a men's domestic violence organisation, almost all of them are massively underfunded and they get typically nothing from the government. The best one I know is the Mankind Initiative (they were behind that viral video of different public reactions to male and female victims). It got 7 million views. 




 Allow me to apologize for the actions of my gender as a whole!

No, absolutely not, we don't do that sort of thing here. If you still have that mindset then you've probably not quite got rid of all your feminist baggage yet.

Just because idiotic feminist men apologise for the actions of all men and blame them for the world's problems doesn't means women here have to be sexist and demean themselves in the same way. We want to challenge this kind of crap, not imitate it. 




 Lynne Featherstone is  way up there with the most stupid feminists ever. From Wikipedia:

"In April 2006 one of Featherstone's researchers received a hoax email warning about an apparent date rape drug called Progesterex.[21] Featherstone submitted a question to a government minister inquiring as to "what assessment he has made of the use of progesterex in cases of date rape". Paul Goggins replied in the House of Commons that Progesterex did not exist: "It has been the subject of a hoax e-mail".[22][23] The hoax first originated in 1999.[24] Featherstone criticised the minister's response, stating "they need to do more to discover the unearthly monster who sends them out" and that "their cavalier attitude will not do".[25][26] However, critics such as fellow Liberal Democrat James Graham castigated Featherstone's conduct in "criticising the Home Office for not having a response to made up drugs and made up crimes", stating "trivialising rape in this way without bothering to do basic research first doesn't help anybody".[27]"

"In September 2011 Featherstone caused controversy by claiming men make "terrible decisions" when they are in charge. Speaking at the Liberal Democrat conference Featherstone blamed men for the mess the world was in, and commentators drew parallels with similar comments by one of Featherstone's predecessors, Harriet Harman. Her comments attracted criticism from across the political spectrum and were considered particularly inappropriate given her role as a minister in charge of ending sexism. Conservative MP Priti Patel said: "These comments are really ill-thought out. As equalities minister she has got to be unbiased about the value that both men and women bring to decision-making."[39][40] Elizabeth Day of The Observer newspaper was equally troubled by the remarks, writing "the notion that women are not as aggressive as men, that we would all just sit around a table eating red velvet cupcakes and talking out the world's problems rather than firing off phallic-shaped nuclear weapons is a complete fallacy".[41]"

Finally there's this almost unbelievable quote about Female genital mutilation where she stated:

"if this had been little boys having all or part of their penis cut off the practise wouldnt have lasted four minutes let alone four thousand years!"
http://www.lynnefeatherstone.org/2014/03/fgm.htm

She's absolutely unbelievably stupid and misandrist and thankfully there's an extremely good chance of her losing her seat at the next election. 




 If the article sucks then don't link to it. Use an archive service instead please. Thanks. 




 And where are the flashing people in wheelchairs? And children?

Also where's the flashing black light for those of African descent? 




 You don't seem to understand. It's fine (if rather petty) for them to object, we're in favour of freedom of speech and you could argue the choice of clothing was slightly inappropriate/unprofessional.

Just don't EVER compare this story to the issue of genuinely harmful clothing, **aimed at children**, that explicitly promotes hate and violence against boys and is widely on sale. 




 They have no known equivalent of the "boys are stupid, throw rocks at them" t-shirt. Were ti to feature females then it would have disappeared almost as soon as it was launched. In fact, even computer generated slogans for products that didn't even physically exist were withdrawn after feminist complaints. 




 Interesting how the viral video of the guy defending himself on a train from a crazy woman ends up with him in prison for 4 days, yet not the slightest hint of any action here against a genuinely dangerous person.

The victim (Brother K) actually appears in court himself soon after been wrongly arrested at a protest elsewhere. 




 What the hell are you talking about? If it doesn't advocate violence or even state that females are stupid or inferior then it's not even the slightest bit comparable. 




 Haven't seen the shirt in detail, but I very much anything on it clearly advocates that females are idiots and should be subject to stoning or other violence because of this "fact". 




 Strange how there's outrage when these idiots have to pay for damage they've caused during a protest, yet most people were silent when men's groups were threatened with having to pay far roe than this simply to guarantee their own safety from feminists. 




 This is a premature headline. It seems to be a vote by some sort of set of elite Admins on whether to ban her or not.

Only one has voted so far, with all the rest yet to decide. 




 First video doesn't show the arrest, that video is here:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1yF4oyo9-U

Apparently someone called the police and falsely claimed the protesters had been indecently exposing themselves.

Interestingly, it seems that the guy wrongly arrested also experienced wrongful arrest at the same location for a protest  back in December 1970 (the first ever anti-circumcision protest in the US) 




 If it makes you sick so much then **why are you promoting it for them?**

Please use a screenshot or archive service instead. 




 What does the text say? 




  Given from the amount of hate I see right here for English teachers it is kind of sad.

The point isn't to condemn all English teachers, most of us are simply discussing the possible correlation between being an English teacher and being a man-hating feminist.

We're not condemning all English teachers, just the minority that hate men. (and that this minority is somewhat larger amongst English teachers than those teaching most other subjects) 




 True, but why are there not just as many man-haters teaching religious studies or sports? 




 Record everything, making it clear how uncomfortable the item and her actions make you feel. Also be sure to make a point of how male are a minority group in the education system now, and a disadvantaged minority at that. 




 Why is it almost always English teachers who are the man-hating feminists?  If you look at the Duke case and the group of 88, Gender studies and African-American studies aside, it was those "teaching" English that were significantly over-represented in that hate group. 




  Think about how many guys this asshole messed up and brainwashed?

A drop in the ocean compared to what many feminists are doing, and it's not as if his activities are taxpayer funded either, that's when things are a real problem. He should be free to be an idiot and the feminists should be free to protest against him. 




 I don't really see this as a men's rights issue at all, there's so many other big stories about men's issues around right now so we shouldn't up vote this.

If there are bored feminists out there wanting something to protest against, then its far better they go after this guy instead of using violence and hate speech to try to silence good guys like Warren Farrell. 




 Well the upper thigh is remarkably close to the circumcision wound and they say the infection may have spread to there.

Either way, when doctors are treating a seriously ill child it's going to be better for them not to have to be dealing with multiple infected parts of the body and completely unnecessary wounds. And it can't be much good for the immune system either to have to fight off infection at multiple sites.

This case is probably like quite a few others in that they can't really tell for sure if it's the circumcision that killed the child or not (though its the reverse to normal in that its usual to cover up the link between the death and the circumcision). 




 Interestingly, some of these same guys protested in Tallahasse against MGM as early as December 1970, that's the first recorded intactivist protest making them men's rights pioneers.

They were wrongfully arrested at the protest all those years ago too!

Video of the latest arrest is here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1yF4oyo9-U 




 And make sure you have plenty of well written posts about prostate cancer too. Also, next time say you run a men's **human** rights blog. Reminding these groups that men are human too really helps sometimes. 




 Simple test to see if the organisation is sexist or not. Simply set up a fake feminist blog and make a similar request in a few months. 




 We usually see positive stories about the Innocence Project here on r/mensrights so this certainly makes a change. It seems that at least some of their staff are more concerned about their ideological opposition to the death penalty than actually helping people. 




 No, AMR (and even some in the media) find bad people who aren't men's rights activists and then try to pretend otherwise.

If AMR and others were to highlight genuinely poor behaviour of genuine men's rights activists instead of lying 24/7 then that would be fine with me. 




 She is a feminist, so it at least can be categorised under feminist violence:

http://www.independent.ie/entertainment/music/dolores-oriordan-you-get-to-the-point-where-you-want-to-die-just-to-get-peace-30221192.html 




 Might be good for sales/publicity this time around though.. 




  I even have to question his objectivity in his assessment of the reaction to the book

In that article he has actually missed out quite a few incidents such as death threats, an assault, feminist book burnings, anything you can think of really. Wikipedia covers most of them:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neil_Lyndon#Writings_on_feminism

All this "controversy" (feminist hate) meant his couldn't find work and it was even used against him in court to deny him access to his kids! 




 One other interesting piece of trivia, the "male view" magazine this article is from was one of the first mens' rights publications. It was published by the Mankind organisation, who beame Mankind Initiative, now by far the biggest and most successful domestic violence charity for male victims in the UK and possibly the world. 




 "Dishonesty is to act without honesty. It is used to describe a lack of probity, cheating, lying or being deliberately deceptive or a lack in integrity"

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dishonesty

There was no integrity in that headline and it was undeniably deceptive. Given the lack of balance in the rest of the article, not to mention the BBC's track record on such issues (such as the example highlighted in HEqual article) then it's not unfair to assume the deception was also deliberate. 




 It is one sided to call her a "rape **victim**". If she's a victim then it follows that the other party is the perpetrator or the rape. The BBC did indeed switch to a neutral heading which should satisfy any reasonable person. 




 I've posted it again, explaining that it's on topic and asking them not to delete it.
 




 I've been on Reddit for years and I've never baited anyone, can we actually keep to the topic in question instead of these personal attacks? 




 It's on topic and a positive story. Surely it's good to see the BBC held to account and for people to actually facilitate change instead of simply complaining about discrimination and media bias?

In some ways it's even a good story for the BBC, because while they obviously made a terrible mistake they did eventually do the right thing in the end.

Anyway it would be interesting to hear people's perspectives and I'm certainly not looking to stir anything up so you presumed incorrectly. 




 Well, perhaps she was seeking some form of "pay back" by making the allegation in the first place? 




 Indiegogo link: http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/help-j4mb-launch-our-2015-election-campaign 




 Indiegogo link:
http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/help-j4mb-launch-our-2015-election-campaign 




 Extremely clever move there by Erin and AVFM. 




 This article is about as relevant to this subreddit as it gets. There is no reason to remove it. Thank you. 




 I posted this article to r/columbia the other day and it has disappeared from there without a trace! I guess some of the admins there are also members of the mob in question. 




 I posted this article to r/columbia the other day and it has disappeared from there without a trace! I guess some of the admins there are also members of the mob in question. 




 Why has this disappeared from the r/columbia subreddit? 




 it's not an imaginary problem and that's not we're presenting ourselves as the solution to either. People should be free to be complete idiots if they want to, we're just aiming to be the exact opposite of them, that's all. 




 To be fair, they could just make her pay back in full the money she's cost the taxpayer, put her on the sex offenders register and then deport her.

Prison is very expensive, so that would be the most efficient solution. 




 Might have been fair if she'd paid back the entire costs of the investigation, though I imagine it would have been quite a large bill! In addition to deportation I strongly believe such false accusers should be on a sex offenders register of some sort.

Edit - as pointed out below she did target a specific male. She should be in prison, no doubt about it. 




 Nice to see the best comments below that article are the highest rated. 




 It's a fact that there are feminists out there who spend their time trying to control men to such an extent that they campaign for them to sit down when they go to the toilet. They even present "science" to support their claims that it is healthier for the men in question, all of which has been shown to be completely false.

We simply aim to be the opposite of this. 




 Well I was referring to feminists yes, but not all over them, just the many feminists who oppose the human rights of men. As i said: "our opponents".   




 Perhaps that occurs a little too often on the site, although at the same time when there's proof of any of the above then surely it's only right to name names? There was absolutely no mention of the Guardian in the first version of the most recent story that was published. It was only later that we discovered that the Guardian appeared to have broken the story, had used the exact same dishonest phrase and therefore the BBC had simply copied it. Only then did we attack the Guardian for what they'd done.

The Guardian is the newspaper of choice at the BBC and they're notorious for having similar views and angles on a story. And we haven't attacked Guardian readers, only Guardian journalists. If anything we're  helping Guardian readers by ensuring they get honest and accurate headlines instead of sexist clickbait nonsense. 




 Fixed now. 




 I complained to the BBC and eventually forced them to change the headline. Info here:

http://hequal.wordpress.com/2014/11/08/victory-bbc-backs-down-over-dishonest-rape-victim-headline/ 




 I complained to the BBC and eventually forced them to change the headline. Info here:

http://hequal.wordpress.com/2014/11/08/victory-bbc-backs-down-over-dishonest-rape-victim-headline/ 




 http://hequal.wordpress.com/2014/11/08/victory-bbc-backs-down-over-dishonest-rape-victim-headline/ 




 Anti-male feminism tends to be heavily associated with the left, and there's far more to politics than simple left and right anyway. 




 not when you consider the content of the article too. For example, where are the comments in favour of actually prosecuting criminal false accusers who ruin so many people's lives. And where are the extensive BBC reports on men who committed suicide after being falsely accuser by serial offenders? 




 Just been doing some Googling and noticed the Guardian went with the same type of headline. They don't have the same obligation as the BBC to be impartial, but they're still bound by PCC regulations so could be in trouble for it. 




 True, but unlike our opponents we're not hateful sexists here and we care just as much when feminist-inspired bullshit and hysteria impacts on women too.

On further issue is that the policy would essentially force men (and women) into relationships were it to become widespread. Given the various injustices that marriages causes for men, then this could be linked to men's's rights issues. 




 it's a good job that there's no such thing as a paedophile gang, or a married paedophile, or a paedophile who has children of their own... 




 if someone is alleged to have been a victim of a rape then it follows that there also has to be the perpetrator of the rape in question. The BBC is showing extreme bias in labelling someone on trial for false rape accusations as an alleged "rape victim" 




 Well some of the content like this would traditionally be found on r/unitedkingdom I suppose, but these days anyone who isn't a left-wing Guardian/Mirror reader isn't really welcome there, so I presume people are that and looking for a more neutral Uk subreddit where all views are welcome. 




 So where's the link to this info then? 




 in defence of the feminists, the people they're protesting against don't appear to be the most pleasant bunch, though still not worthy of protesting against.

While they do look very stupid and hypocritical, it's not as if they're protesting against ones of the good guys like the blatantly misandrist feminists did in Canada. In that instance they decided someone as respected as Warren Farrell was basically Satan because he was concerned about boys not doing well in school. 




  his isn't anywhere.

Well her name is everywhere because of her parents coming forward. And yes his name is out there too, though I'm not sure when it was first published.

And if I'm assume she's mentally incapacitated and that no rape took place it doesn't mean I'm assuming she's guilty of perverting the course of justice. Perhaps she was so mentally disturbed that she genuinely and sincerely believed to have been raped when no such thing actually happened.

I think this is the crux of the matter. It seems one one really knows what happened in this case other than perhaps the accused, yet the police seem to be pressured into believing supposed victims and arresting accused rapists regardless of the evidence. Perhaps instead of this tendency to classify everything as either "rape" or occasionally "no crime" there should be quite a few more cases classified as "who the hell knows". 




 I don't see why you are taking the police's side. Did they even get to see all the evidence gathered for the private prosecution? They supposedly had enough "evidence" to class it as a rape though at the same time they didn't actually have any evidence other than the word of a highly mentally disturbed individual. Seems like very poor conduct on the part of the police to me.

Perhaps if we actually treated innocent people who are merely accused of crimes rather better than all this might not have happened. At the very least we need to see anonymity for the accused. 




 If a significant amount of time had elapsed then that points to them not having evidence in her favour either. Combined with here obvious mental issues then it's surely wrong for the police to have even classed the case as a genuine rape?

TBH it would be better if the gentleman was able to actually take action against the authorities for what he went through instead of his only recourse being to go after the accuser. 




 Well the police had no evidence to support a rape prosecution. There does appear to be clear police bias in classing this case as a rape, on top of the lack of evidence there's the clear unreliability of the witness. Perhaps both sides got it badly wrong and maybe if the police had classified it correctly in the first place and treated the man better than he might not had such a need to clear his name?

Furthermore, knowing how incompetent may police forces are, it's pretty common for them to fail to collect or take account of fairly basic evidence. Perhaps there wasn't sufficient evidence of any lies until the accused had paid out a shed load of money and had collected it all himself? 




 In parts of England customers are increasingly demanding non-Muslim drivers to cut down their chance of rape/assault due to taxi drivers and takeaway workers there raping children on an industrial scale. It's always fine when companies discriminate against male drivers simply based on misandry, but when it's race or religion and based on a very real and specific threat then suddenly all the equality organisations become involved and the media goes crazy. 




  Yeah, all what, seven?

7 suicides caused by false allegations perhaps
 




 Surely it's the CPS get to decide if there is a case or not? Why assume the police made the right call and that the CPS are in the wrong? 




 Well at least the headline writers at Sky News can do their jobs properly, perhaps they can give the misandrists at the BBC some lessons? 




  To sum up, someone with psychosis is less likely to piece together memories in a consistent way therefore putting their testimony at a disadvantage.

True, but your point means they're typically more prone to making false rape allegations too.

 I guess the guy who was originally accused of the rape wanted some sort of pay back after her story failed to materialise and hence took her to court.

"pay back" is a bit of a strange way of putting it. If a party has indeed  been subject to a false allegations then surely they just wants justice and to protect future victims from the perpetrator who had caused them so much harm and distress?
 




 Whatever the case, she shouldn't be described as the "victim". It's a huge smear on the person she accused. 




 Yes she is an "alleged rape victim", but only in her mind and a minority of others, however it's not the BBC's job to promote the agenda of a minority, particularly when its contradicted by most of the facts.

The fact that she was facing trial for false rape accusations points to there being strong evidence to this being the case, yes she's innocent until proven guilty, but that's where "alleged" comes in.

The BBC could easily use neutral terminology in which neither party is described as a victim/perpetrator, but the worst case scenario is to completely turn reality on its head and to so clearly state the accused is the "victim". Doing so in the headline is worse still - anyone just glancing at Reddit/Twitter and not clicking through the story is being severely misled by an organisation with a duty to be impartial and report the facts. The headline breaches countless BBC guidelines, and as for the report itself, where the quotes from someone with the point of view of welcoming prosecutions of false rape accusers and highlighting just how many people get away with such crimes? 




 Why the hell does the headline describing someone going on trial for false accusations as a "rape victim"? 




 Correct title is "alleged false rape accuser" 




 It gets worse, I just decide to search the BBC website for the name of the gentleman in the article above, zero results found!

http://www.bbc.co.uk/search?q=Olumide%20Fadayomi

So not only do they lie when a false accuser commits suicide, when the roles are reversed they cover up the story too! 




  Well shit, this is just unfortunate.

Or perhaps worse than that and it's typical BBC bias? 




  The title is misleading too

Exactly, made worse by the fact that BBC journalists receive money from the public and in return are supposed to report these matters impartially instead of with such blatant bias. The heading is extremely offensive to victims of false accusations, particularly the alleged victim in this case.

Here's a an even worse case with the roles reversed, a serial false accuers and the victim of the false allegations committing suicide:

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1280926/Student-cleared-rape-emerges-second-man-committed-suicide-falsely-accused-woman.html

As expected, not a trace of it to be found anywhere on the BBC website. Their bias is quite incredible. 




  If the other trial was still ongoing, it's not innacurate

It wasn't ongoing, the only trial where there was sufficient evidence was for making false rape accusations. 




 Here's my complaint email to the journalist named in the article:

 to:	 Dominic Casciani dominic.Casciani@bbc.co.uk
date:	 7 November 2014 16:58
subject:	 Ridiculously biased headline in your report on alleged false rape accuser

Dominic,

I'm extremely concerned about the blatant BBC bias in the article about the alleged false rape accuser who committed suicide. The report itself on the matter isn't exactly neutral though at least not terrible, but the headline is just shocking and turns reality on its head and is extremely offensive to victims of false rape accusations. The case is quite clearly not about an "alleged rape victim" and the neutral term that should be used is "alleged false rape accuser".

While it's true that some people alleged that a rape occurred (mainly the accuser herself), the crime she was facing trial for was for making false rape accusations The BBC is obliged to report matters impartially and neutrally, and it's obvious that the key alleged offence here is that of making false rape accusations as that's the only offence for which there's sufficient evidence for a prosecution. As the article itself admits, actual prosecutions are false rape allegation are very rare (though not necessarily false rape accusations themselves of course). The fact that the courts routinely fail to go after false rape accusers thus makes the case against the choice of headline even stronger still. It's also worth nothing that the actual success in gaining a conviction in false rape cases in the few cases that get to court is very high, again suggesting that prosecutors actually rarely go after the wrong person and tend to get these things right in the instances when they actually prosecute perpetrators of such heinous crimes . Furthermore, if the BBC were to stop covering up cases of alleged false accusations by pretending the alleged perpetrator was the victim, then perhaps we'd also see a few more of these false accusers facing justice?

I'm not sure if you're the one responsible for the ridiculously biased and offensive choice of headline but the article does carry your name, and due to the BBC's failure to be transparent and provide any other contact details for the material we at HEqual will have to assume your the one responsible for the content unless we hear otherwise. Therefore please ensure this offensive and dishonest headline is fixed ASAP or forward this information onto whoever is responsible for this blatant breach of BBC policy.

There is one possible alternative solution that could be used instead of changing the headline. If it stays in place, presumably we can also expect to all future BBC headlines concerning actual prosecutions for rape to instead refer to the perpetrators as "alleged victims of false rape allegations". To be honest i don't recommend this second course of action, but the choice is yours.

Regards

John Kimble


**Update - the BBC have finally backed down**, I've blogged about the issue here:
http://hequal.wordpress.com/2014/11/08/victory-bbc-backs-down-over-dishonest-rape-victim-headline/
 




 He was bankrolling his own prosecution, though the state can actually stop him at any stage should they wish to do so. It's actually a very useful tool for cases where the police can't be bothered to get involved or perhaps where they might be better qualified person than the police to make the case. Animal welfare charities routinely use private prosecutions for example.

Also, it's notable that this case changed from a private prosecution to one by the state once the victim made it clear that he was determined to go through and that there was sufficient evidence to potentially secure a conviciton. 




 Why does the BBC headline use the term "alleged rape victim", surely the neutral term is "alleged false rape accuser" if that's what she was on trial for? 




 Why does the BBC headline use the term "alleged rape victim", surely the neutral term is "alleged false rape accuser" if that's what she was on trial for?

Are they going to start describing people on trial for rape as "alleged victims of false rape allegations"? 




 Quite a double standard here. even giving the mother the benefit of the doubt and assuming the allegations are false, then why do the children's names need changing? False allegations by mothers are pretty much an essential part of gaining custody of kids, yet the father gets zero protection in such cases with the false allegations often taken as being true. 




 Not in the context of a perpetrator being female though. Feminist organisations are only slightly reluctant to report male on male violence, it's female rapists we're not allowed to know about. 




 The victim of the gang rape was actually male, not female. 




 We always hear silly sexist arguments saying abortion would be freely available if men got pregnant etc. However, given how immensely skewed the justice system is against men, and how society holds men to account for their actions, just imagine how severe how commonplace prison sentences for the pregnant men would be were they to harm their unborn child. 




 50/50 doesn't have to be the norm. All the norm should be is that fathers play a meaningful role in their children's lives, and the courts and society accept this. Some fathers will have 50% custody, some 40% some even 60%.

There's no shame or loss of face in a hard working father, who perhaps has unsociable hours, having the kids for slightly less time than the mother, it's not a contest, that's the issue we're trying to get away from. When couples separate they should still work together and do their best for the kids.

There could even be an assumed 50/50 split but with one parent still being on friendly terms and offering to be a babysitter when the other is exceptionally busy (and grandparents/siblings from either side of the family can do the same, regardless of who's "turn" it supposedly is to have custody). It's all about moving away form this childish, combative way of doing things which involves expensive lawyers, and instead moving toward fairness and common sense. 




  I say that if all the shared parenting forces could muster was $27 grand that speaks volumes.

The "No" campaign raised zero from legitimate sources. Not a cent. $20K from one bar association and $50K from another, none of which is legal. 




 Some good points there, though you seem to be falling into the trap of assuming we want to force 50-50 parenting onto people.

You talk about "universal 50-50", as if we're feminists wanting for men to have 50% of everything, regardless of merit, desires or consequences ( like how feminist try to force women into politics or force companies to have huge female quotas on their boards)

Some men are perfectly comfortable just being part-time dads who see their kids at the weekend, and if that works for them, the mothers and particularly the kids then great. The men's movement simply wants equal parenting to be a genuine option and the default position in the absence of other evidence.

Kids should simply have the right to see both their parents and neither parent should be able to deny the other a meaningful relationship with their children. 




 $70,000 isn't bad when you consider the small size of the state. And $26,850 is not at all "similar".

Also if we remove all the immoral/illegal donations from the "No" campaign then their budget would have been zero! Every penny that received came from bar associations! 




  I doubt the actions of the ACLU and the lawyers had anything to do with this defeat

Well the result was closer last time North Dakota voted on it. It's pretty standard for the side with the most money/resources to at least have an impact on voting. 




 It can include Roma, but also Irish gypsies. Most slavery cases in the UK to date have involved the later. 




 we're approaching 100,000 subscribers, that would be one hell of an achievement 




 Some good info here: http://libertyviral.com/feminists-aclu-divorce-lawyers-opposing-shared-parenting#axzz3IAgVDWBu

more here:

http://townhall.com/columnists/rachelalexander/2014/10/13/opposition-group-turns-to-stealth-and-sexism-to-oppose-shared-parenting-in-north-dakota-n1904235/page/full

If you just do a search of this subreddit for "ACLU" you'll see that it is basically a radical feminist organisation now. Things i found were that it opposes:

* making false rape accusers apologise
* shared parenting
* due process for college students accused of rape

And it supports:

* spreading pay gap lies
* infant male gentital mutilation 




 The yes vote for shared parenting (measure 6) currently stands at 37.8% with 67% of votes counted, so the bad guys have basically won.

I suppose at least if the actions of the lawyers group is ruled to be illegal as expected then there's has to be a chance of a vote again next time.

Update - now at 38.03% with 70% of votes counted, so 99.9% certain to fail.

Full detail of the proposed measure can be found on the excellent Ballotpedia site:

http://ballotpedia.org/North_Dakota_Parental_Rights_Initiative,_Measure_6_(2014)

news report on the result:
http://bismarcktribune.com/news/local/govt-and-politics/voters-reject-equal-parenting-rights/article_10491244-64a6-11e4-bb54-3b16c9c9569c.html

Details of the foul play by divorce lawyers and the involvement of the ACLU:
http://libertyviral.com/feminists-aclu-divorce-lawyers-opposing-shared-parenting#axzz3IAgVDWBu 




  This is Norf Dahkoda, where we love to force women to have unwanted children and refuse to let men help raise the children they love.

Actually the shared parenting measure has a lot of support. Simply having it on the ballot and therefore it being a real possibility puts North Dakota well ahead of most other states and countries in the world when it comes to gender equality for parents and children. 




 and that fathers have finally gained theirs after waiting for so long. 




  In the strict sense of averages, that wouldn't be true. If 1% of the population "paid for sex" at $200 per encounter, and all people had sexual encounters, paid or unpaid, at the same rate, then the "average man" would pay $2

No, that's the average paid by men. The average man however still isn't paying a penny. 




  you still have to wonder what other fanatic groups have done the same in their respective areas of interest.

The most obvious other example of this is circumcision-related articles which are blatantly controlled by circumfetishists and in particular by people who associate with these circumfetishists/paedophiles:

http://www.circleaks.org/index.php?title=Jake_H._Waskett 




 The "Average man" doesn't pay for sex and therefore the correct answer is zero. 




 There's not a huge amount of merit to the first link (though I seem to recall reading about "street harassment" at the time and it meets your requirement of featuring a female victim so you should like it). You're way off for the other two though.

We have charities such as the NSPCC basically campaigning against men and fathers, and all sorts of groups and politicians suggesting fathers are a danger to their own children and using fraudulent statements to make the "case" that we shouldn't have shared parenting. Therefore when women murder their own kids it's more than legitimate to post such news, more even more so when they do so using such horrible methods, and more so again when there's possible custody issues on the horizon.

As for the final link, I firmly stand by that too as it shows a child far exceeding the policing abilities of not one but two trained WPCs working together. It therefore makes a hugely compelling case against lowering standards in the police and thus effectively discriminating against the best candidates by failing to recognise and take advantage of their much needed and obvious abilities. Not only is this harmful to such candidates, the weakening of police and fire serves though such policies also puts the general public in danger (and members of the emergency services too). In summary, my concern is not so much with the incompetent police, but with the victims of their policing and with the unemployed/underemployed candidate who should have been employed in their place. 




 "If you google 'news father BBC'"
Yes if you do that I'm sure you're right, not sure what your point is though. I didn't Google anything, i just visited the BBC website and found a story on the main news page.

TBH it's not a particularly well written piece as it doesn't use any scientific terminology to describe what had occurred so it's certainly not one of my best link submissions by any means.

i've already explained my interest in male domestic violence victims and how that stems from the almost total lack of support they receive. therefore we've already established why I don't tend to contribute the type of material you highlight. I've also answered your question about what would happen if the roles were reversed, can you maybe read my answer instead of taking us round in circles? 




 You've previously implied that my human rights work makes me a potential mass murderer, message received. Any chance you could stop with the abuse and discuss the content instead of the contributor? 




  Would you have posted this article if the roles had be reversed?

Well if women made up 40% of domestic violence victims of a crime yet were denied assistance front he government/charities soley because of their gender then that would be a complete role reversal and I'm sure I'd post it.

As for your comments on Rotherham you're implying that I wouldn't have posted the story about those 1,400 victims and wouldn't have had the slightest interest if they'd simply been 4 years older whilst all the other facts remained the same. That is total nonsense though you do make an interesting point that it's men and children who tend to be failed by the government time after time rather than adult women. 




 A while back i did some number crunching for government spend on male victims of domestic violence over the previous decade or so. One finding for was that for every pound spent on male victims in Scotland there was 3,500 spent on female victims.

Not sure why this is being downvoted so here's the actual figures as of 2010:

100 million spent on female victims
28,000 spent on males

That's a 350,000% disparity. 




 Every post of mine about women? You mean such as the ones about female rape victims being ignored by the media?

I do happen to have a huge amount of concern about male victims of domestic violence given the way they are systematically denied help and support, though as highlighted above I generally have concern for anyone in society deliberately marginalised and denied assistance and justice by the state and by supposed charities.

There's numerous laws in this country that blatantly discriminate against men and I'm yet to find any that do the same to women, so yes men are usually the victims of the legal and justice system, even (or perhaps particularly) when it actually functions as designed. 




 True, but how many members of these grooming gangs are 16 (or even under 20 for that matter?) 




  a guy in the year above me at 20 dated a 14 year old for years

There isn't much "dating" going on in the cases with the grooming gangs, how many such cases later ended in the victim and groomer having a long lasting loving relationship and getting married? In fact if he dated a girl who was 14 for years, then she'd be over 16 by the end of it. Grooming gangs typically have no interest in any girl over 15.

The cases were purely about exploitation with the victim drugged or given alcohol, subject to threats and violence and forced into sex with multiple men, often 2,3 or 4 times her own age. 




 "He said she said" is extremely important usually but almost totally irrelevant here because the victims are all under 16 (and well under 16 a lot of the time). In these child rape cases the only real "she said" defence would be if the victim lied about their age. 




 In Rotherham the number of abortions resulting from these child rape cases far exceeded the number of convictions. The lack of evidence really isn't a problem a lot of the time, it's just that the police and authorities don't even try to collect it when its staring them in the face. They refused to fund DNA tests, even in cases where victims had insisted one be carried out. 




  The fact is, many people have legitimate worries that UKIP are a party that advocates, if not downright supports, discriminatory policies

Like allowing thousands of kids be raped and abused because of the race/religion of the perportrator? 




 Excellent advice, though missing a critical factor - the need to document the abuse. Men do not get believed, so proof will be required. 




 Prostate cancer funding is finally getting off the ground in the last few years. If you really want to make a different then you need to go for an even more neglected area. Male domestic violence victim is the one area that comes to mind as still being almost completely denied any funding. 




  its hard to be funny and authoritarian at the same time.

Neither left nor right wing politics have any connection with authoritarianism, so Lee's talking bollocks. The left's strict adherence to political correctness is about the most extreme and authoritarian trend we've seen in politics in recent years. Also, I wouldn't describe the Conservatives (and certainly not Cameron) as a good example of right wing, just part of the Lab/Lib/Con elite. UKIP are more right wing and their support is increasingly working class (particularly the downtrodden who've been failed and abandoned by the likes of Labour).

As for sexism, the real sexists are the BBC who've adopted blatantly sexist quotas instead of employing people based on merit therefore reducing the quality of broadcasts. 




 Well if a warning was needed then perhaps for once the vid actually was violating the TOS? 




 Well perhaps if the other videos were reported they be forced to add a warning? 




 well if it's still on youtube then what's the problem?

Literally hundreds of mens' human rights sits are being defamed and blocked by ISPs yet hardly anyone posts about that here these days. It's great that you feel strongly about censorship but if the video is still up (and has been for a while) then it really looks like a non-issue or at least something somewhat trivial. 




 Any chance of a mirror of the original please?

Is it this video:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtVHnZX8E50 




 Good to see there's such generous people about. I seem to recall that 1,000 funds the fees for fielding an additional candidate at at the election. 




  Not sure your argument that UKIP are being treated differently holds much water..

Well there's a very obvious successor to Tonge doing the same sort of stuff yet they are always treated as isolated incidents rather than anything to do with the Lib Dems as a whole. If the media must label and smear UKIP as racists who hate immigrants then why don't the Lib Dems get the label of the anti-Semitic party? (especially considering that they largely stood by and kept such people in the part for as long as possible, incident after incident) And getting back to the main point of the discussion, why aren't comedians in particular doing this? 




 Well to be specific, is was organ harvesting that she was concerned with by Aid workers of all people:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jenny_Tonge,_Baroness_Tonge

http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/stephaniegutmann/100025868/jenny-tonge-and-organ-harvesting-this-woman-is-scary/

Worth nothing that it wasn't a one off and she had a history of making vile comments, including stating she'd probably become a Palestinian suicide bomber if she lived there.

Note that she still gets a nice taxpayer salary and retains political power via her seat in the Lords. I suppose in fairness to the Lib deems they did withdraw the whip, albeit after about her 10th offence (though I wonder if she still retiains party membership?) 




 For what? It's all fairly common knowledge (unless your main source of news is the BBC) 




 That's largely been debunked, every party has its share of nutters at local level, just the media tends to focus on UKIP ones right now.

Labour has links to all sorts of terrorists and has covered up thousands of child rapes all because of their political agenda. The Lib Dems have anti semites who think we need investigation in Jews harvesting body parts in Haiti and other Lib Dems even blow stuff up. The Greens used to have somewhat sane politicians back in the day, but almost all seem completely loopy now (just look at the background of Beatrix Campbell for example).

the only difference i can see is that UKIP butters get exposed by the media and laughed at, whereas Green, Labour, Lib Dem and Tory ones get awards form the queen instead and/or shunted off the the House of Lords. 




 Exactly. It's not that they don't criticise Labour (albeit less strongly), it's the types of criticism and angle used that shows the true scale of the bias.

Some of the greatest sources of humour in terms of hypocrisy and generally being complete scum and/or totally idiots would be Diane Abbott, Mr and Mrs Harman, Denis MacShane all of Labour not to mention Mike Hancock and Lynne Featherstone of the Lib Dems (and their several anti-semitic politicians). The way the likes of Ed Balls and Angela Eagle constantly get everything wrong is absolute comedy gold, and to be honest a lot of high ranking Labour politicians make the idiot Tories look relatively intelligent.

I don't really watch the BBC much these days, but how many twitter porn gags have they done about the Harmans? Does anyone have a go at racist Diane Abbott other than Andrew Neil?

I recall a feature on the BBC website about various famous people who'd got caught wearing Nazi uniforms and inappropriate attire over the years. The article listed all sort of obscure figures yet failed to mention Ed Balls doing the same thing, and at the time he would have about been the most significant figure in the piece! 




 Well seeing as they want you to die at least 7 years before your wife, I very much doubt it. 




 This is getting silly. You stated that Dale Maily was a "the stereotype of the extreme end of the DM readership"

I merely asked where the Guaridan equivalent was, I didn't bring up the  "average Guardian reader" at all, just the extreme SJW feminist ones. 




 This whole report is a total sham. It's completely dishonest and unbeleivably sexist and has nothing to do with equality at all.

It gives a score in different areas, and generally where there is parity it correctly gives maximum points. However, should women have it far better in any particular area (such as usually occurs in education) then the country still gets maximum points for equality.

So a country with 100% women MPs, no men allowed in school and most of the male population slaughtered by the government will be the most "equal".

Things get more farcical still on the life expectancy measure, whereby you only get maximum "equality" score if women live 7 years longer than men! One of the reason the USA got a low score is because the gender life expectancy gap is "only" 3 years!

The whole thing is total bullshit.



 




  but they have a character who is the stereotype of the extreme end of the DM readership.

 That's great, the question is where's the equally insane Guardian SJW feminist equivalent? 




 I'm not against targeting Israel, it's just insane for hem to be taking sides so blatantly in that conflict, though it's something the BBC does repeatedly.

I acknowledge they do critique Labour, but it's clearly a token effort - i.e. just putting a bunch of subtitles onto one of his speeches. I'd expect such subtitles attacked his personality of something vague rather than the fact that he was part of the treasury when they completely wrecked the UK economy for generations to come and spent every penny we have. I've seen the pilots of this show before the BBC took it on and the bias there was even stronger. It's pretty obvious that those behind it have quite hard left views, and as with the majority of the BBC I'd guess they were either Labour Party members of at least Guardian-subscribing Labour voters.

I'm not against them having opinions, but if such opinions are so strong then it's not suitable to have the television licence funding political propaganda - it's a major breach of the BBC charter. If they want to produce a Guardian style politics comedy show then it needs to find a home on a different channel. 




 The show is horrifically biased against any institution or political party that's not left wing.

Your typical episode will attack, the Conservatives, then perhaps their coalition partners (but only really for being friends with the Conservatives). they'll then attack UKIP, then the Conservatives again, then the Daily Mail, then a few big businesses and then Israel.

There will be a token gag at the expense of the Labour Party for "balance", though nine times out of ten it will be a half-assed attempt. 




 The point is that if they're not acknowledging that females are abusive then they're saying men only get abused by other men. It's increasingly common for feminists to acknowledge male victims but to then make it clear it's only homosexual men they're talking about. 




