 Two brothers peered out of their house window into an all-consuming darkness, darkness capable of hiding any truth. Yet the darkness was easily and abruptly interrupted by a speeding car's oncoming headlights. The brothers saw the car drop off an object, a being... something, into the darkness. It was quite an odd event. What followed was the distinct sound of a rattling bell. The brothers who had recently lost their dog of eleven years were quite intrigued. The two boys remember no sound better than the rattling bell on their dogs collar. The younger brother spoke in a hopeful yet ecstatic tone, "I think that was a dog!" he claimed. The older brother, Mike, quickly let a dream transform into reality. He foolishly affirmed that he and his brother had just come across a sign from God. Mike claimed, "God wants us to get Jake back," (Jake was the name of the brother's late dog).
They walked along the road, whistling their mouths and clapping their knees. They were noisy but driven by the potential of a new companion. The brothers found it incomprehensible that locating a dog they had just seen would prove so challenging. They went at it for several minutes leaving loud echoes in the streets. Then they came along a wooded area adjacent to the road. They heard a familiar sound... a bell ringing. Although eerie, the brothers uncontrollably had a smile thrust upon their faces.
The smiles however wouldn't last; the brothers were instantaneously thrown to the ground, yet the force doing the throwing was not that of a dog. The brothers were thrown to the ground by a mysterious man, a man as ominous as the darkness that swallowed them. The man held a face of pure evil and power, a face reminiscent to that of the Joker. This was unsettling for the younger brother, who was an avid supporter of the Batman franchise.
The evil face proceeded to murder the two brothers with ease. He sliced their throats with a sharp blade and smirked at their inability to scream. The brothers suffocated on their own warm blood, as it filled their weak lungs. The evil faced man stood up and skipped away in joy, ringing musical bells in his left hand. He laughed outrageously and said "Ohh you will get your very own Jake back quite soon." He laughed and tucking his crucifix necklace into his shirt slyly declared, "Well Mike you're right about me wanting you to get your dog back." The man then floated away leaving the Darkness far behind him, almost as if he were leaving for the brightest destination known to man.
 




