









 I was losing the ethernet link. Damn. 


































 Yeah. Share with other friends. 




 Try to download the app from Apple AppStore. 


































 Also you can use the HBO app for iPhone or iPad. 



















 Means an iMac Touch? 














 yeah, about 15 minutes. 




 agree. plus apple tv is not so expensive that you cant upgrade after 2 or 3 years. 














 "there is no easy way to get that content to consumers" makes some kind of sense. 



















 April fools for me... :) 



















 Awesome! 




 April fools? [Google Panda!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lI9Qb4PuiOU)
 




 All mini pc like this has usb power supply, then I presume its the case. 




 http://www.engadget.com/2015/03/31/google-chromebit/
 




 http://www.redmondpie.com/google-chromebit-hdmi-dongle-turns-any-tv-into-chrome-os-pc/

 









 Apple Watch + BMW i3 = Knight Rider? 




 Thank you. 









 If the CPU is not an ARM I believe that the size is normal. 














 And this is not the only wait. Also need to wait compatibility with tweaks.  














 short and clean jokes are not for fathers? 




 Yes, but there are inexpensive models from nVidia 




 Jarcoke 




 I installed successfully an Mac OS X 10.10 Yosemite in my Dell Optiplex 780 with GeForce GT 430 through Clover.
Only using loadvbios option. 




 Just uninstall beta and remove rpetri.ch repo. The 1.9.1 version of Activator will show in search. 




 At the 1.9.2 beta 1 (reading the changelog) seems that the Touch ID force was disabled by the dev Ryan Petrich... It means that is not possible use it without an event. I dont understand why (possibly battery drain). 




 Nobody fucks with the Jesus. 




 Its a bug with Activator within the new update (1.8.4~rc1 at Ryan Petrich repo)... I think it will be corrected after new update in a few days. 




 Moranguinho desastrado.  




 kkk 




 nope. any conflicts and I use Jellylock7 togheter on lockscreen. I just remove the Forecast option "Show Current Weather" cause IntelliscreenX shows at the top screen. 




 IntelliScreenX, Forecast, Touchy and Ad Blocker.
 




 Pwntunes 




 Thank you! Good tip! 




 Natively only Air Print ready printers are supported in iOS. TruPrint was a tweak that make possible send to a big number of network printers, but its devs didnt update since iOS6.

The PDF printer for Safari (never was natively, only inside apps) at Cydia dont work with iOS 7, wait for an update too. 




 Well, it would be so much usefull, the tweaks that support those functionality are not compatible with ios 7. 




 It could be nice! air print ready printers are so few... 




