 I think I only watched or liked season 1 and 2 also.  When I think back, I don't know if it was comic gold, or if I was just a stupid teenager. 




 I remember that shit!  Fuck I liked Mad tv... 




 Once read that deja v could be connected to tumors in your temporal lobe.  http://www.cancerresearchuk.org/cancer-help/type/brain-tumour/about/brain-tumour-symptoms 




 Sinatra! 




 That's what I thought!  Then I found it on my computer and shit my fuckin' pants!  




 It's nothing compared to the other things mentioned here.  It's gross though. 




 There's a movie named Angus, from the 90's, that guy was a cool kid in the movie :)  that's what I think of anyway, I actually like the name because of that movie. 




 She is so pretty! 




 I didn't downvote you.  Dick.

And I didn't say nag them during their haircut.  

If someone were to really come to me and want me to make their hair look nice and feel healthy, but only wanted 1/8 of an inch off, I would definitely try to convince them to do the least I thought was necessary.  But I wouldn't start til we were on the same page, and I definitely wouldn't do anything they wouldn't want me to. 




 Relevant sequel with Johnny Cash

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0XUTD7QYcs feature=youtube_gdata_player 




 Nail on the head! 




 It's gorgeous! 




 I laughed, then I cried :( 




 Thank you posting this! 




 The exact same thing happened to me.   Plus I didn't feel morning sickness til I was about 7 1/2 weeks along. 




 Her song "Cola" is mesmerizing, and dirty. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4l98v1AXNtw feature=youtube_gdata_player 




 The Smiths 




 Good luck girl!  I wish I had advice,  but I'm not in your boat. 




 The only way you'll get a decent part, is if you part it when it's very wet and let it dry like that.  Sometimes the hair is naturally forced in a certain direction, and it may be difficult to change directions.  But it should.  I wish I had more advice. 




 That's a good one! 




 My husband does this.  I ask him why, he says, to show its authenticity.  But he insists there's other ways to prove its authentic.  With his own argument,  he proves the sticker isn't necessary. 




 :'D how exciting! 




 This is a lot more complicated than you would think.


First off, if you have any artificial hair color already on your hair, a lighter color will not do anything. Hair color is a lot more gentle than bleach, so it won't break through artificial hair dye to lighten it.

Sometimes when you dilute hair color, it inhibits it from depositing a nice tone and you may be left with more of an unwanted warmer tone.  

There are factors that need to be considered,  just be sure to talk to a professional in great detail before you waste your time. 




 I have to say, I thought the first Saw was pretty enjoyable;  while the next 20 were insanely unnecessary.  




 Insanely cruel!  Call them! 




 I've seen an addict show on this, people get addicted to this.  I don't understand it. 




 Hi!  Good luck with everything!  You guys are adorable! 




 She is gorgeous!  




 Wow.  All I remember about my trip to London is that my money didn't go too far.  But I have to say the majority of the time, I feel like the quality was way above ours on many things. 




 I think you should watch some EPICMEALTIME.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9FRSghXhDM feature=youtube_gdata_player 




 The mom and pop places would probably have donuts cheaper, but Dunkin' Donuts, where I live(NV, USA), is $9/dozen. 




 Yay it's so good!   I put a piece  of chocolate in the center before I popped it in the microwave and it turned it into a molten lava cake.    




 I was joking, meaning it's outdated. 




 Ok, gorgeous baby.  Xoxo! 




 Oh shit!! 




 It was unbelievable, that's for sure. 




 Did you calculate your due date yet?? 




 Well, disgraceful art. 




 Yay, so exciting! 




 It's called 2005. 




 I too would like to know this.  




 Yay 









 I like the name, but the last person I knew named Dexter was a 80 year old man.  I have a feeling the majority of people would jump to the show :/    




 I'm still playing MW3,  occasionally COD 4 even.  Def not up to date. 




 Thank you  




 O man, you have the best taste in products, I agree 100%. 




 Correct this if it's wrong, but once you deny the holy spirit, isn't that blasphemy?  Isn't blasphemy the only unforgivable sin?  Unforgivable, as in, no chance you will get to heaven? 




 This has nothing to do with christianity or atheism, this is one person's opinion on his personal experience with inappropriate behavior from an adult.  The fact that it makes you so angry is scary.  

Meanwhile there's small fundamentalist religious groups that marry 12 year old girls with old men, and you're here complaining about this guy.  Is this a joke? 




 I'm not arguing here I just think you need to calm down.  This is one man's incidence with being touched as a child, and his feelings towards it.


This was his explanation:

"Should I have lied and said it was the worst thing that ever happened to me? Should I have mendaciously sought the sympathy due to a victim who had truly been damaged for the rest of his life? Should I have named the offending teacher and called down posthumous disgrace upon his head?


No, no and no. To have done so would have been to belittle and insult those many people whose lives really were blighted and cursed, perhaps by year-upon-year of abuse by a father or other person who was deeply important in their life. To have done so would have invited the justifiably indignant response: How dare you make a fuss about the mere half minute of gagging unpleasantness that happened to you only once, and where the perpetrator was not your own father but a teacher who meant nothing special to you in your life. Stop playing the victim. Stop trying to upstage those who really were tragic victims in their own situations. Dont cry wolf about your own bad experience, because it undermines those whose experience was  and remains  so much worse."


-Richard Dawkins 




 "Should I have lied and said it was the worst thing that ever happened to me? Should I have mendaciously sought the sympathy due to a victim who had truly been damaged for the rest of his life? Should I have named the offending teacher and called down posthumous disgrace upon his head?


No, no and no. To have done so would have been to belittle and insult those many people whose lives really were blighted and cursed, perhaps by year-upon-year of abuse by a father or other person who was deeply important in their life. To have done so would have invited the justifiably indignant response: How dare you make a fuss about the mere half minute of gagging unpleasantness that happened to you only once, and where the perpetrator was not your own father but a teacher who meant nothing special to you in your life. Stop playing the victim. Stop trying to upstage those who really were tragic victims in their own situations. Dont cry wolf about your own bad experience, because it undermines those whose experience was  and remains  so much worse."


-Richard Dawkins 




 How adorable!  :'D 




 :')  so fun to watch. 




 He said it didn't have lasting negative effects on him, he's not saying it's an appropriate action.  You only read what you want to read.  This has nothing to do with anything.  

But while we are on the subject of pedophilia, shall we bring up the catholic church and their morally sound foundation?   




 That is a perfect silhouette!  




 Man, don't tell them that. 




 I'm due in April too!  Hey buddy! 




 That's pretty sound advice.  Speed will only get better as she gains more experience. 




 I want waffles :'( 




 Yes! 




 Eulogy for a Dog, by George Vest


	Gentlemen of the jury: 

The best friend a man has in this world may turn against him and become his enemy. 

His son or daughter that he has reared with loving care may prove ungrateful. 

Those who are nearest and dearest to us, those whom we trust with our happiness and our good name, may become traitors to their faith. 

The money that a man has, he may lose. It flies away from him, perhaps when he needs it the most. 

A man's reputation may be sacrificed in a moment of ill-considered action. 

The people who are prone to fall on their knees to do us honor when success is with us may be the first to throw the stone of malice when failure settles its cloud upon our heads. 

The one absolutely unselfish friend that a man can have in this selfish world, the one that never deserts him and the one that never proves ungrateful or treacherous is his dog.


Gentlemen of the jury:

A man's dog stands by him in prosperity and in poverty, in health and in sickness. 

He will sleep on the cold ground, where the wintry winds blow and the snow drives fiercely, if only he may be near his master's side. 

He will kiss the hand that has no food to offer, he will lick the wounds and sores that come in encounters with the roughness of the world. 

He guards the sleep of his pauper master as if he were a prince. 

When all other friends desert, he remains. 

When riches take wings and reputation falls to pieces, he is as constant in his love as the sun in its journey through the heavens.

If fortune drives the master forth an outcast in the world, friendless and homeless, the faithful dog asks no higher privilege than that of accompanying him to guard against danger, to fight against his enemies, and when the last scene of all comes, and death takes the master in its embrace and his body is laid away in the cold ground, no matter if all other friends pursue their way, there by his graveside will the noble dog be found, his head between his paws, his eyes sad but open in alert watchfulness, faithful and true even to death. 




 Her response is more like she's letting him know he won't be judged. 




 I need to learn how to do that.  That would be a fun skill. 









 Well you helped me! 




 The cutest idea ever!  




 There's another one called Fall From Grace. 




 Yay!  See, everything's fine :D  




 How unfortunate. 




 I have been in the hair industry for about a decade, and there's only been a few products that have impressed me.  The latest and most favorite one?  Moroccan Oil Brand shampoo and conditioner... just heavenly. 




 Then, you're still wrong.  It doesn't taste greasy or undercooked. 




 It's well cooked and I don't see much of any grease.  If you don't l Ike it, that's fine, but your points are dumb. 




 Mine just looked like that last night!  I went to planned parenthood today, and I'm pregnant! 4 weeks along. 




 Shorkie!  Like mine http://www.imgur.com/HTGdOQF.jpeg 




 Totally a Shorkie!  Here's mine http://www.imgur.com/HTGdOQF.jpeg 




 Yes!  He looks just like my Shorkie!

http://www.imgur.com/HTGdOQF.jpeg 




 In love! 




 I don't see an ombre. 




 Polka Trash! 




 I thought this looked familiar, this kid I follow on twitter tried taking the credit.

http://www.imgur.com/ehsm4sW.png
 




 As /u/torchytodd said, Vanish is your best bet.  Some color removing systems contain bleach, you have to be careful what you buy.

Even with color removers, you can't expect the best case scenario, the results *can* be minimal depending on how much color has been deposited on your hair in the past.  But at least they are safe and you can do them multiple times. 




 Artificial color doesn't lift artificial color.  It will only change the virgin growth.  That's why the process is more pricey,  it's a process.  You have to use professional color removers or bleach to lift out artificial color. 




 Thought this guy would make an appearance. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=piwmshfmsrc feature=youtube_gdata_player
 




 He was *dyingggg* to blame someone else.   




 First of all, it depends on what kind of cheese.  Gouda is expensive here, I'm sorry, but you're wrong.  I don't know where you'd get coffee like that for a dollar or less either. 




 Idk man...

2 eggs - $4.50
Potatoes- $1.75
Yogurt- $3.00
Cheese- $8.00
Carrots- $1.50
Lemons-$2.50
Onions-$2.00
Tomatoes- $3.00
Radishes- $1.50
Coffee- $7.00
Fish thing-$3.50?

Well this is Las Vegas, NV.  Nothing is grown or bred here.

 




 I disagree. 

Gouda cheese alone would be like $8.  We might get deals in the US, but this is insanely cheap. 




 http://www.imgur.com/Dr6uVJd.jpeg

That is a blended haircut, and your pics are not.  See how the sides graduate into the top length?  In your pictures, the top is disconnected.

Please tell me you notice the difference. 




 Amazing haircut!  He looks like this guy...! http://www.imgur.com/A59Vymt.png 




 It looks like a 1 1/2.

I think an important detail is that in the pictures you're showing, the sides aren't blended to the top,  there's a very clean disconnect.  

You have to show the stylist those pictures and tell them you want it disconnected like the pictures.  If someone were to walk in and tell me they wanted a 1 1/2 on the sides, it would be my natural reaction to blend it, which creates a very different look from these pictures. 




 More like what I say to men like you. 




 Does silver or gold compliment your skin better?  If gold, you should have your hair a warm shade, if silver, it should be a cooler tone.  Most colors have a warmer or cooler version.  Say red, warm red would be more copper, a cool red would be violet.   



























































