














 I was looking fairly closely but couldn't tell if one of the dwarves was a girl. If not, then I can only assume that Penny has been cut... 




 I am mad for seafood chowder after I had it at Brett's Wharf a while ago...but that place has shut down.

So now I am on the hunt for an aweome bowl of chowder. Any suggestions? 




 "The bones help," said Melisandre. "The bones remember. The strongest glamors are built of such things. A dead man's boots, a hank of hair, a bag of fingerbones." 




 After seeing a post on Facebook about organ donation, I was appalled by the sheer number of people who felt that older people do not deserve organs because they have already lived their lives. 

I got so mad when these people said things like "that's dumb, why didn't they give the organ to a younger person?"

And while I know not every can know the details of how organs are allocated, it just bothered me that so many people thought so little of the elderly and felt that the young deserved more in life.

Youth really is wasted on the young! 









 Hi guys.

I was hoping someone could help me find a pattern for an edging that would produce a similar result to [this]( http://i.imgur.com/nVDqJVm.jpg). The pic is knitted and I was hoping for a crochet equivalent.

Please and thank you! 







































 You know the one I mean. Something reminds you of this memory and you have to actively avoid remembering it to save yourself from the embarassment. 




 Most people don't care how that song you were singing in the morning was on the radio in car, or stuff like that. But I do!

Share 
























 Smell is the Sense that is closest link to your memory. There are plenty of smells that instantly make me feel great happiness or some, real sadness and I either really enjoy coming across them, or go to great lengths to avoid them.

What are yours? 


































 This is an X post, forgot to put that in title.

ver the last few years I have felt like my general well-being is in decline. My co-workers call it stress, my friends call it old-age (I'm 24!!!) and my doctor just says it is nothing. However, the more I tally up my issues, the more I think/worry most of them may have a singular cause:

Tinnitus/v. sensitive hearing 

Blurred in one eye, nearsightedness (only recently discovered- never noticed before and not brought up in childhood eye tests)

Headaches/Migraines

Neck pain/severe muscle tension (Go to Chiro, Physio AND Remedial masseuse)

Forgetfulness (short term, things slip away quickly)

Twitches/muscle spasms 

Twitching eye 

Heart palpatations w adrenaline rush

Slightly enlarged optic nerve in right eye

Boughts of vertigo/dizziness/ ground feels like it is moving

Occasional insomnia (who doesn't get this, but i thought I would include it)

Fatigue

Lately, lack of enthusiasm for even fun activities


Bronchial cough

Short of breath

(Diagnosed with Stress-Related asthma. but as I lie here in bed, relaxing, I am short of breath, sooo....?)

I know some of these are general and vague problems that millions of people also deal with. I don't want a wild, obscure internet diagnosis, I just want to know whether, as Doctors, you would find these symptoms cause for concern. If so, I will push my GP to paying closer attention.

Further background: 24yo F Healthy weight, eats well, exercises regularly, normal blood pressure, previously noted 'slightly high' heart rate like I was nervous whilst getting tested (didn't feel nervous), no abnormal blood tests save for a single one with low blood proteins (retest was normal, ?lab error). Medication: The Pill and regular paracetamol for headaches

If it is just stress, what can I do? I take regular Me Time, exercise regularly, don't take work home with me, don't sit and fret on issues. This year I will be moving interstate but that decision is only weeks old and some of these issues have been around for a few years. 




 Over the last few years I have felt like my general well-being is in decline. My co-workers call it stress, my friends call it old-age (I'm 24!!!) and my doctor just says it is nothing. However, the more I tally up my issues, the more I think/worry most of them may have a singular cause:

Tinnitus/v. sensitive hearing 

Blurred in one eye, nearsightedness (only recently discovered- never noticed before and not brought up in childhood eye tests)

Headaches/Migraines

Neck pain/severe muscle tension

Forgetfulness (short term, things slip away quickly)

Twitches/muscle spasms 

Twitching eye 

Heart palpatations w adrenaline rush

Slightly enlarged optic nerve in right eye

Boughts of vertigo/dizziness/ ground feels like it is moving

Occasional insomnia (who doesn't get this, but i thought I would include it)

Fatigue

Lately, lack of enthusiasm for even fun activities


Bronchial cough

Short of breath

(Diagnosed with Stress-Related asthma. but as I lie here in bed, relaxing, I am short of breath, sooo....?)

I know some of these are general and vague problems that millions of people also deal with. I don't want a wild, obscure internet diagnosis, I just want to know whether, as Doctors, you would find these symptoms cause for concern. If so, I will push my GP to paying closer attention.

Further background: 24yo F Healthy weight, eats well, exercises regularly, normal blood pressure, previously noted 'slightly high' heart rate like I was nervous whilst getting tested (didn't feel nervous), no abnormal blood tests save for a single one with low blood proteins (retest was normal, ?lab error). Medication: The Pill and regular paracetamol for headaches 

















































 I just left a $2000 tube of reagent on the counter in my lab over the weekend, ruining it.

Beat that.

Edit: This is great! When I eventually get yelled at by the boss, I can just show her this and tell her life isn't that bad! 




 A conversation between my husband and I last night.

Husband: Hey train_subject889, remember the promise you made that you wouldn't let your crochet take over the house?

Me: Yeah...

Husband: Well, you broke it 



















 My hubby is Pats mad. He has been following them since he was little, despite none of his family having any interest in the game. He just watched them play one day and hasn't stop watching since.

We are travelling to America in October this year and although there are many things on our to-do list, the whole trip will be based around us getting to Boston amd seeing a Pats home game.

Now, hubby will have his bday while we are over there, so I am hoping to find some sort of 'special experience' tickets to surprise him with. I'm thinking VIP box, stadium tour, anything like that. Hell, if I can somehow get him in the same room as Tom Brady, he would probably pass out with joy.

So, can anyone help me? Point me in the direction of a place I can get this? Or even just tell me if it is possible/affordable?

Thanks! 




 http://i.imgur.com/uEcQCFI.jpg

I bought 7 x 50g balls just because they were on sale for $1.20 but now I don't know what to do with it.

It is gorgeously soft and slippery and feels magic against my skin, so I was hoping to make something like a jumper or shawl. But I haven't found any pattern that would work with the glossy, slippery nature of the yarn.

Suggestions? 




 Once or twice a week I sit next to a lady on the train who is an avid crocheter, like me. We first spoke when she complimented me on my amugurumi kitty I was working on. Over the weeks we have had great chats, discussing our favourite yarn brands, the best stitches and new patterns we have found. I look forward to my train trips now and enjoy our chats immensely.

This morning, the nice lady delivered on a promise I hadn't really expected her to keep and gave me a bag full of cashmere yarns with the condition that I make another kitty out of it just so she could see how it turned out.

I was very thankful and happy that someone would be so friendly and giving to a complete stranger, without expecting anything in return. 

Crocheters really are the nicest people! 












































 Today I suffered some major embarrassment. Please help me realise that other people have it worse than me! 








































































































 Yeah, protesting out the front of corrupt government building is cool and all, but what about us unsung heroes?

What is your mundane protest? 



























































 Everybody else is cool, calm and collected doing these tasks, meanwhile you are blowing your lid because... 




 My step brother is interested in signing up for a business opportunity provided by a company called Vemma. The model is based on sales of healthy products supplied by the company as well as membership sign up.

 You have to pay to recieve the product and then your sales numbers and how many people you get to join equate to an income. They aren't talking huge dollars for the most part but it seems a little too easy.

It has been labelled a pyramid scheme, and I am not certain but I can see why it would be called that. [This]( http://yprzone.com/) is their website and [this] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QtSmuX9ID5o feature=youtube_gdata_player) is their video.

Does anyone know anything about them? Have any horror or success stories? 

























































































 And once you know it is unchangable...no avoiding it.

No suicide, that's cheating! 





























 Hi guys! I am making a 12x12 granny square quilt. I am 56 squares in and still undecided about how I will join them all together.

I have narrowed it down to two techniques:

The [slip stitch]( http://attic24.typepad.com/weblog/joining-granny-sqaures.html) method

Or the [invisible stitch]( http://doyoumindifiknit.typepad.com/do_you_mind_if_i_knit/2010/02/joining-up-with-an-invisible-stitch.html) method.

So I am wondering if there is anyone out there who has used either/both of these methods who can give me some pros and cons. I dont mind that the slip stich is visible from the back but I do mind if i get unsightly ridges or awkward edges at the front.

[Here]( http://imgur.com/Vx1xfsr) is a pic of my progress :) 





























 You know who I mean. That one celebrity everyone hates that you think is smokin hot. You can't bring yourself to admit your nasty feelings to your friends, so tell Reddit instead. No judgement here, friend. 














 I am very new to crocheting and after bravely setting out to make a nice throw using 12ply yarn, I quickly discovered I was out of my depth. My throw started as a scarf, but I found it was too stiff with the 12ply so I carried on widening it, making a throw. 

I went out and bought heaps of the yarn I was using so I didn't run out, thinking I was a genius for stockpiling it.

But halfway through I realised my throw was just as stiff as my scarf...so I unravelled it.

Now, I am stuck with about 5 HUGE balls of purple 12ply yarn and neither the skills nor the knowledge to turn it into something useful.

So can anyone help me out with suggestions for a basic pattern I can use to get rid of all this yarn? Everything I try seems too intricate for it's thickness, or requires various colours when all I have is the purple... 






















































 Sure, what she did was hard, no denying that and attention on women's health is usually a good thing. But the media needs to stop glorifying sick celebrities. It portrays them as the benchmarks and 'poster-children' for a disease when, as wealthy and famous individuals with access to almost endless medical resources, they are in the best possible position while sick. 

Common people, like struggling single mothers and embattled pensioners have more reason to be called inspirations than celebrities. 

Furthermore, the media lauding these famous people as inspirations creates unrealistic expectations for normal people coping with the same situations. 














