 There are people without homes, meals, health care, clean water. I'm all for helping animals, too, but the resources and expense of giving a fish a fake eye? Lord.  




 He could be a good veep choice. I just can't see Bush, Romney, and Christie all running, though. Maybe two, but not three. Bush is going to suck the fundraising away from those other two. And this may keep others, like Scott Walker, out of it, though they could bootstrap for awhile.  




 The Bush-style country club Republican has been on the run these past few years. By the looks of the people Jeb is hiring, he'd bring them back. Whatever innovative mindset he's claimed on education, immigration, etc., the Karl Rove sect is firmly in control of this campaign.  




 If there were ever an athlete who should keep quiet and let his actions speak for him, CS is the one. Instead, he makes things worse whenever he opens his mouth.  




 Because s/he's a Dodger fan. Why would he want SF to win another? :) 




 BitUSD and the other BitShares assets combine crypto with market-pegged stability. NuBots is another one worth considering.  




 Bytemaster's blog on this should be required reading. Very informative.  




 You know, he could be a good pickup for the Giants. A little more insurance for that starting rotation. Can Bills play LF? 




 Terrific. All college could be free with some strings attached. I look forward to seeing the proposal.  




 Wow! Gorgeous image.  




 These lists are tough, since we all have our own opinions and few of us every had a chance to watch the historical greats from different eras, such as Babe Ruth. Those are all HOF-caliber players, for sure, and it's a solid list. Interesting that they only chose 23 pitchers (that's my rough count)--far more position players. Rickey Henderson would make my Top 10. Best player I ever saw.  




 He must be a certified Nejcbeard. Hopefully, they get things worked out.  




 Good for them. This may create a mess initially, but it is in everyone's long term best interest for create a more decentralized grid.  




 Just ask Stephen Drew.  




 I read the article. Her actual promise was to dismantle it 'from the inside out'. I thought the title was a little inaccurate, but only indirectly so.  




 The Economist gets it. That's a good news source. Too bad they have a paywall. If we find the full article, let's post it here.  




 These look great. They need to go back to brown. So many teams gave up on their traditional colors and went with some version of blue in previous years.  




 As I understand BitShares, it is more practical than conceptual.  




 Fair point. The swing states were harder to predict. 




 I just thought it was a good place to drop that metaphor, whether you interpret it literally or sarcastically. :)  




 Bugs are meat. But I'd rather eat beans! 




 I'm open to this, but also consider use of resources: making the pots, bringing in water, soil or medium, fertilizer, and light. It has to be efficient.  




 If you can't beat 'em, join 'em. 




 That's interesting and I like it. But in tracking only one election (if I understand correctly), that vastly discounts the fact that one of the candidates could have been a better public speaker, more charismatic, or with speeches written to hit certain popular lines. And meanwhile, the opposing candidate might be better at raising money and running TV ads, so could in the end be just as competitive. With only one campaign, there was a 50% chance of this outcome, which makes for a questionable correlation.  




 I think there's a subset of white Democrats in Appalachia and the south who might be attracted to a guy like this. But yes, if they're less tolerant of those elements in the first place, then they're probably not Democrats anymore.

What I don't quite get is that Webb didn't want to stay in the Senate, he didn't want to be governor, and he withdrew himself from veep consideration. But he wants to be president?   




 I really like the fact that Warren is proactive with these things, whether or not one always agrees with her.  




 I have a lot of respect for what Roger Ver did, based on his principles. But crying about not being able to get back in? If I were the U.S. government, why exactly would I give a crud? You basically said you didn't need the U.S., and now suddenly you do? 




 Does not inspire confidence in centralized exchanges. "Ground up" will take time. By then, the market will have moved on.  




 Cool. With a name like Cliff Mass, I'd say your expert was destined for a career in earth sciences.  




 This is a very thoughtful and well-researched piece.  









 They said it would have more value if broken up.  




 Sorry for your loss and hope you get it back. We definitely need to start thinking of technologies that bypass these online exchanges.  




 It's happened to all of us. "Your mess of crackers" -- "Your meth and crack whores"... See how bad it can be!
 









 Nice job; it's not always easy with the clouds. I love the colors of those waters with the glacial moraine. Beautiful image. 




 I'll play! 









 Definitely destined for the AL if they can move him.  









 I think the Giants are taking a year off. Most likely to come out of the blue with last-minute money to sign a big (and probably over-priced) free agent:  Yankees, Angels, Tigers...any others? I might add White Sox and Dodgers, but both of them may be done for now and/or pretending to take a more budget-minded approach.  




 Should there be a period of time after which non-use invalidates the patent? 




