 Go Blue! 




 Aren't all games free if you do it right? :P 




 Lights,

You are coming to Phoenix on Halloween. Going anywhere to hang out after your show or going straight to the airport? 




 Don't listen to Mrknowitall666.

What he is referring too is a Currency Transaction Report (CTR) which is done by any bank when someone deposits or withdrawals $10,000.01 in a day. 

When this is done the bank will ask you for your ID and get information from you such as your employer and what you do for work. They do send all this information to the government.

Now if you owe back taxes, child support, etc. YES this money will be alerted and subsequently have your account frozen. If you are not in this situation you have NOTHING to worry about. 


TL:DR

If you are an honest citizen deposit that shit into your bank do not deposit it over time or sit on it at home.

I did this shit daily in banking.


EDIT: Added bonus unless you trigger the $10k amount in a day nothing gets reported at all to anyone except maybe a banker to sell you shit you probably don't need. 




 this photo was kept in excellent condition. I can't even keep my clean laundry from getting wrinkled 




 [Did anyone else think of this](http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/19967983.jpg)

or am I the only one 




 She 18 yet? 




 Fuck Ohio, GO BLUE!
 




 Waiting for people to get off the phone so I could use the internet to play muh games 




 Still sat in economy too. 




 And there it is.. the realization your cities sports teams are terrible. lolol

Last time we won the series...80's.. but last I checked we still have more than you :D 

3 




 lol

Red Wings  Blackhawks
Tigers  Sox/Cubbies
and lets also look at the NFL last year - Lions  Bears (but we both know the Lions haven't been relevant since Sanders)

You can have basketball and continue losing to the 8 seed in the playoffs. 




 lol such a fucking tool. It's not my fault Chicago sports hasn't been relevant in years or they choke hard on a big black dick (Bulls). 

Tell your boys to play better next year. :) 




 Not my fault you guys can't win when it matters most :) 




 Go Tigers! 




 Damn.. upvote for tight jeans! 









