 Shrek is love Shrek is life.  




 Start using renewable energy.  



















 That Roswell isn't an airport.  




 ICP their music is garbage and so are their fans.  














 Parking 




 Same picture but with the names of each general on the bottom. http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4c/Kaiser_generals.jpg/800px-Kaiser_generals.jpg 
























 I abuse it in the opposite way. I only down vote in very rare occasions. I upvote a lot though.  




 Someone's education shouldn't determine if a person can run for any political office or how good they'd do. Anyone can run for office from a person who works at Wal Mart with a high school diploma to a professor with a PhD. I won't be supporting Scott Walker but his education shouldn't be as big of a deal everyone is making it out to be.  









 I'd go with San Andreas or Vice City.  





























 Does it put the lotion on the skin? 




 Sounds like a good movie plot.  




 Onions 




 Politicians are for the people.  




 At least they're attempting to lower their pollution levels.  




 Conspiracy 














 He lost a bet 




 Parking 




 If someone mentions a subreddit I'll check it out and subscribe if I like it.  




 Keeping up with hezbollah.  




 I'd buy them a phone case for a phone they don't have.  




 Always propaganda with Russia.  




 Electricity 




 Pakistan barley knows whats going on in their own country. They might have heard a rumor from someone's friends cousin but that's about it.  





























 The government 









 Peas and carrots 









 At least 4 




 It's still the 12th where I'm at.  









 Well, I live on Wheeler Airfield. It was bombed by the Japanese during Pearl Harbor.  




 Quantum physics degree 




 In history or current? 




 The invention of pong.  




 Four day weekend 




 A pic of a prescription so my wife can refill it. I hope the world isn't too shocked.  




 I didn't see Fallout 4, I guess I'll just keep being depressed.  









 For example if you're conservative what do you like that liberals do that your party doesn't and vice versa.  












































 Explain what you did and why you did it.  
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 I was reading a book about the battle when I thought of the question. I took to researching about why, but never found a solid answer.  














 Did anyone else see the fireball south/southwest of the Islands? The time spotted was between 5:15a.m. to 5:40 a.m.  I was wondering if anyone knows any information to what it was.  









 Does anyone else have a problem with their internet while playing world of tanks? Both my buddy and myself have had problems with our internet while playing this particular game.  




 Does anyone know what army regulation states that you don't have to buy equipment that you weren't issued? One of my co-workers had found it before, but it's been so long no one remembers it.  




 Does anyone know how to get stationed here? Also could you give me a break down of how everyday is at this duty station?  




 Would a website that you could rate your leadership be a good idea? I noticed how sometimes good leaders aren't recognized and toxic leaders fly under the radar. If there were a website that let everyone know how good of a leader they actually were would it help the problem? How would you stop reviews from becoming spammed by grudges or vendettas?  









