









 No, unfortunately they only lasted a year. I remembered these in middle school and how I begged my mom to buy them though. Here's the link:

http://www.time.com/time/specials/packages/article/0,28804,1913612_1913610_1913561,00.html 









 DEception :( 




 Point Loma Seafoods down at Point Loma is very similar to El Pescador in terms of what they offer, except it's a much larger fish market. Might want to check them out for possible oysters. 




 Your dad is great, ever thought about asking him to do a IAMA through your account? 




 Fleming's happy hour burger is huge with slices of bacon and onion rings for $6. Best burger for your dollar IMO.  




 The rapture was the least of your worries 




 That sounds pretty eggciting 




 "UCSD police are investigating an attempted kidnapping that occurred on 5/20 800pm just west of Geisel library. Suspect light skinned male dark curly hair 58 medium build wearing jeans. Fled on foot. Be on alert."

Hide yo kids, hide yo wife, cuz they be rapin' errbody out there

In all seriousness though, stay safe out there UCSDers. 




 [](/trolldad "problem son?") 




 And that kids is how I met your mother...just kidding [](/trolldad) 




 There needs to be a rageface for being absolutely flabbergasted in a good way. Best use of the evil face I've seen in its short existence. I couldn't help but give it an upvote. 




 What?? Blasphemy! Await further recalculations... 




 And here I thought magikarp was the most useless pokemon 




 That is not creepy at all 




 Wow, that just left me shellshocked 




 You probably don't remember, but I stopped by to your booth at 2009 Comic-con. You guys were a couple hours late and hungover as hell. What happened to you guys the night before?? Haha 




 I believe that's Sutro Park? I loved walking around here because I grew up across the street from Safeway down by the beach. If you ever get the chance, keep walking up and to the left, there will be a parking lot, which leads into the ruins of Sutro Baths as well as Land's End, giving you one of the most unique views of the GG Bridge. 














 Chuck Bartowski and Morgan Grimes (followed by Jeff and Lester) for Chuck fans 




 [](/wtf) 




 Zito is slightly more bearable right now because he is on the DL (I guess that in itself says something), but when he is playing, it's every fifth game. I cringe every time I see Tejada, which is nearly every game, and starting for that matter! I forgot about Benitez, he was pretty bad.  




 Who else would like to see up here? I definitely cannot stand Tejada this year. I know it is way too early to DFA him and experts would bash this move as a bad way of running a franchise. But at what point would you think 'hmm, this guy's season isn't going to turn around'? He is bad on offense, bad on defense (he seems worse at short than 3B), and is a constant letdown with runners in scoring position. At $6 million for this one year, I would say he ranks as one of the worst in franchise history. Off the top of my head, the only other horrible signing I remember would be Alfonzo. Thoughts? Discuss. 




