 True, wondering if they are saving the bigger maps for a BTB DLC playlist? 
 




 I played for 9 hours last night... Pitfall popped up the first match (didn't play)   never appeared again all night...  




 Halo 4 is now half off, but the map packs are still $25 for season pass... if they'd have a sale on DLC, maybe it'd spark some interest in MP?  




 CoolinAustin Tumblr hasn't been updated since mid May... 




 Traffic. They need to encourage public transit. If they had more taxis, perhaps the fight for uber wouldn't be so much of a no-brainer... multiple trains seems needed.

Also, multiple toll roads that are almost empty seems to be a waste. Seems like all the taxes from the hundreds of people moving here a day would pay for them...  

 




 He would go to downtown Memphis   sit at the counter of the black-only bars (which was illegal for whites to mingle)   would wait for the cops to show up   try to make him leave... 

These   other Memphis wrasslin stories are featured in 'Memphis Heat' documentary  




 the answer (me thinks) is for communities to offer Internet like a utility 

the same with cable TV  




 I'm a 11 year live member. Up until a year ago, I didnt' care either. Then I got bored. My friends are getting older (families   work)   don't play as much. I play tons of MP, but most games the achievements are in the campaign. 

I started playing the campaigns since they were collecting dust   started having fun again. I started racking up gamerscore from the achievements popping up. Then, I finished the campaigns. I started chasing the achievements, not for the points but the actual challenge. 

It's encouraging me to complete tasks   that's pretty fun...   




 
Edit: Found this:
Pt 1 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rT2S3UkieII
Pt 2 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxQ6qFj48Og 
 




 I've felt for a long time that Libraries should go ahead   put in coffee shops. They are like a hipster Netflix that's not utilized. You can get books, comic books, DVDs, CDs   etc through Libraries. Go ahead   throw in a post office Kiosk   you got a central hub for communities. 

Whenever I get rid of stuff, I just donate them to libraries. Hopefully some kid across the country will be able to check them out   appreciate them.  




 http://www.w3schools.com/

Online, but... 




 So, will these skulls be able for use in every game in MCC? 

Also, I noticed XBOX Store has preorder with no mention of Skulls (only $10 Card) 

EDIT: found out the preorder skulls only applies to H2
Other games have their own skulls... 




 if they do a Halo themed XB1, they HAVE to make that happen... 

Also, I know I will say 'Cortana' accidentally waaaay less than I do 'XBOX' during gaming... 




 I'll buy all the maps they want... throw in Firefight ODST   Reach too 




 Best ISP commercial 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ilMx7k7mso  




 But it's OK for them to pass out your check   ask for payment right at the climax of the movie... 

Seriously wish when you buy your ticket, you have a running tab   close it out after the movie. If not, a % tip is added for service. 

 




 Wow, I was just posting how I'll miss proximity voice on H2A...

I think it should, but on XBOX ONE there is no voice messaging. There's game chat   party chat... I figure if they can't include audio messages, then it'll be skipped... I hope I'm wrong.

  




 I would love to play Halo 4, but the DLC maps I paid for never ever ever appear.

I usually play Halo 4 mostly, but the multiplayer has become stagnant. 

I've been playing Halo 3, Reach,   Anniversary campaign since E3 to get my fix... 




 I pre-bought the Halo 4 DLC maps

I never get to play them

I ALREADY am discouraged from buying future DLC maps 




 well no shit...


Seriously, it's treasonous to sell out the US for your or your parties own personal interests.  




 Over the past year, I have made it a point to use Bing every day. They have 'points' you can trade in for a chance to win rewards... I'm at work   can't install Chrome, so it was worth a try. 

I got to say, BING is better than I thought it was. Some things, it's on par with Google, but some things it's actually better. 

I'm not going to say BING is better than Google but it's a closer race than most anyone gives credit. 

Maybe it's because Google isn't nearly as good as it used to be. They have filters now. Google just doesn't seem to return the same amount of results... 
 




 Nope, had a generic HD from Amazon for $30 (VS $130) since slim's launch... 




 Artist:

Pawel Kuczynski  




 for those keeping score:

http://majornelson.com/2013/04/08/halo-4-castle-map-pack/

A year ago, they lowered the prices for a sale. It'd be nice if they did something permanently this Summer...

http://halo.wikia.com/wiki/Map_Packs

here is a history of the map packs and their prices. Halo 4 map packs are the EXACT same price today as they were brand new ($10). 

Halo 4 now sells for $30, which is 50% off the original price. 

MSFT   343 has a group of dedicated fans who wants to play their product. Despite all it's shortcomings, seems people are practically begging to be able to play   enjoy it... 

When Halo 5 comes out, what incentive do we have to buy the DLC maps? I'm sure I will, but I'll have reservations about doing so. For a game like Halo, it should be a no brainer. 
 




 compared with other Halo releases, Halo had the lowest amount of maps available at launch. DLC maps would help remedy that. 

If they want to stimulate people into buying Halo 5   it's DLC (  Anniversary edition if true), this'd be a good way. If they'd make them free, it'd definitely be goodwill. 

I know a lot of people who never played Halo 4 after the Title Update. This would be great to bring some of them back.  

 




 Outside of the Map Pack Playlist (which don't exist anymore):

Do any of you ever get to play the DLC maps in rotation? 

I know if you go in with a party who ALL have the maps, then they appear more frequently. What about those who paid for the maps   don't have friends who play Halo 4?

Even when the game was recently released, I never saw the DLC maps other than in the DLC playlist. 

Right now, you can DL Halo 4 from xbox store for $30. You can DL map packs for $25. Since Halo 5 is on the horizon, you think the maps should be lowered in price? 

If so: think 343 could require DLC maps for certain playlist? 

Compared to other Halo releases, Halo 4 had the smallest amount of maps available at launch. Sure, they've got some forge maps, but it'd be great to be able to play the maps we paid for. It'd be great to have some variety.  




 Chief is gonna work with Dr Halsey cause she's the only one that can save Cortana. Plus, she's onto something bigger than the UNSC...I've said too much.  




 if they could get all the multiplayer maps for all these games playable in one playlist...  




 Do you like Titanfall? 
Do you want to play more Titanfall maps? 
Do you think you will get all the maps? 
Can you afford $25? 

If you answered YES to all the above questions then you should buy the season pass. 

Usually, studios save the best maps for purchase. This is the cheapest season pass for any game I've seen, seems like a bargain.  




 Right you are Ken 




 Being able to pull audio / video files on my XBOX One from my PC / Network... Windows Media Center.  




 our prohibition of marijuana has created the violent criminal subculture of Mexico. much like how our prohibition of alcohol created gangs in Canada. 

also, think about how much US dollars have crossed the border because of drug laws...it's drained our economy. 

now, think of all the weapons the CIA has planted (sold) to all the countries south of the US   those implications.  




 Haven't picked up the book yet but:
isn't Spider-Man's ID public knowledge after he gave a press conference at the end of Civil War? 

 




 I'm gonna wait until the price drops   bugs fixed.

What Spider-Man games would you recommend?

I played Web of Shadows (really liked)
I started Shattered Dimensions last week (frustrating webslinging...)
 




 I went to his gallery in ATX yesterday. great.

liked that Gambit   Rogue were facing each other
liked that Deadpool is breaking the 4th wall 
the Sue Richards portrait was the best... 




 every other episode of Looney Toons has a reference I pick up now...  




 i like Titanfall but one of my gripes about the game is that what is on my screen isn't necessarily on my deathscreen. 

Example: I'll be on a roof, barely sticking my head over the top to get a shot, I'll be shot,   in my deathscreen I'll be standing fully exposed deserving attention... 

Glad I wasn't imagining it...  




 MSFT is phasing out Media Center. If you notice, the latest 360 versions   Win 8 WMC have less features than before. on the 360, you can't find it in recent items   can't pin it...

MSFT is pushing their Video/Music store product. Also, with their partnerships with studios, they have to show they are trying to combat piracy. 

MSFT will get creamed by SONY partially b/c of this. there's no way to pull media files on the XB1 from network/PC. they want you to go through their apps first.  




 I haven't tried this but:

You tried opening IE   going to the browser version of spotify?
https://play.spotify.com/

I know pandora works through IE...
 




 i already use my android as a remote (smartglass)
using my youtube app on phone along with it works great  




 if AC/DC doesn't play halftime at at the SuperBowl at least once...  




 About ready for Parks   Rec to wrap it up. Beginning to feel like The Office after Carell left. 

I watched every episode of The Office week to week but kept asking myself why. It's time could be watching something else. It already felt stretched out at the end before he left. 

Parks   Rec (like most shows) is doing over 20 episodes a year. Used to, 13 was a normal season for a sitcom. Think how England usually does 6-8   they hardly ever do more than 2-3 seasons. Normally, they take more than a year between to create content. Just seems like they stretch shows out. 

Glad Community is back. Last season, I felt like I was over it, but this season is great. Still, thinking it may have another season before they should walk away.  

Go On was great, but haven't liked much else on NBC. Kind of feel like the sitcom it worn out. CBS gets great numbers, buth they're terrible. It's like the Leno of sitcoms. It's just as 'edgy' as the same sitcoms I watched in the 70's. I think CBS only puts up great numbers because their demographic is old people. They all agree CBS is safe enough to watch. CBS is on every TV in every retirement home, every hospital lobby,   they probably fell asleep after wheel of fortune...

Was surprised how good the IT Crowd was yet not much recognition. Of course, they tried to redo it in USA. The pilot was EXACTLY the same. Why not just put up the original? Besides simply being great, community is great because it's not so formulaic. You know, the same thing network execs don't encourage while looking at the numbers. 

Nothing created will be great without risk. With large data, companies are taking less   less risk in every market. Everything is so calculated. Poor Heat Vision   Jack, you never had a chance...

 




 why is she not Wonder Woman? 




 Before the XBOX 360 launch, the AVG price of a game was $50.
Then they raised it to $60 saying they needed to because of increase of console life (was AVG 3 years, 360 = 8 years). Fine.
Then a couple years later, the Entertainment Software Assoc said the price of games could come back down to $50. Nope, didn't happen. The market determined that buyers were willing to pay $60. 

Disc-less, on demand games surely would be cheaper. No packaging, no shipping, no storage,   no middle men. Who cares about retail   Gamestop? Who buys games from mom   pops?

If I could pay $40 (or less) on midnight of launch   DL immediately, I could live without something physical. It's not like there was art in the case. It's not like the argument for Vinyl when .mp3s were taking over CDs. 

Surely, the developers / publishers like this model seeing how there's no way I can lend, trade, or sell it off. 

MSFT can come up with a model where direct games on demand sold at a lower price, they can still get equal or better profits... Just seems to reason that lower price equals more units sold.  




