 i don't buy it. delusional kids are easy meals.  




 don't take investment advice from strangers seriously. best thing you could do is put it in the bank. maybe look at cars once a week  




 do you have a piece of gum? 




 i paid $600 for a vet to hook my my cat up to an I.V. overnight. the vet knew my cat was dehydrated right away but still half the bill was for running tests.  




 wishing i was caught up in a bank robbery. i would close my eyes and put my hands over my ears so there's no need for them to kill me. the robbers would be so impressed that they would give me money. 




 why do Scotsmen wear kilts?

because sheep can hear zippers 




 rock paper scissors. the trick is, after awhile people usually forget about one of the choices and if you keep track of what they do then you will beat them 




 the ability to slide on anything, regardless of gravity and friction. all i would need is a running start and i would be able to slide along the side of buildings 




 we share 99% of our DNA with apes. so apes are 1% less smart then us. so imagine the species that is 1% smarter then us. they can make whatever drug they damn well please. so far DMT is the only drug we have made purely for recreational use, and that is some intense shit. our brains would not be able to handle the drugs these advanced aliens use  




 every sailor has at least one blow up doll (most are male because they are in the navy) and when they take gun fire they deflate them and fill them with helium so they float. they then tie them to the ship and the ship is unsinkable 




 i put my dog down when he was unable to stand by himself. i tried holding him up so he could pee but he was too proud for that.  




 don't have to go back in time but i would ask emma watson to blow me 




 i got poop on my dick 




 i wouldn't remember it  




 but when it's nice out it's fucking perfect 




 i potato 




 i can't compare it to anything else. some people say it doesn't rain much but it rains hard, some people say it rains a lot but not that heavy. it just fucking rains. 




 seattle: i guess i'm normal  




 WHO THE FUCK DOWNVOTED THIS! THIS IS HILARIOUS 




 work out everyday and you will feel better instantly 




 i love you 




 looks like i'm the first one to call bullshit. if two things compete against each other for long enough, one will eventually dominate the other. men have the choice of the litter and women will have to settle- whether it be for money or security or whatever they will have to settle while we can get what we want if we work for it. fat women stand no chance at getting an alpha male and will have to settle for beta, while fat men can provide things other then looks. i'm drunk and will delete this comment tomorrow. 




 i introduced my friend to 4chan and reddit. he is failing all his classes 




 one of my balls is a lot bigger then the other. it's from riding my bicycle into a car.

edit: wait, i thought these were supposed to be 100% true 




 don't be THAT GUY. just chill and have a good time 




 why do people (i mean women) care so much about their own birthday and get so upset if it doesn't go perfectly?  




 i just wrote this in another thread. one time at a high school party i overheard a cute girl say she only came out tonight to have sex with me. i pretended not to hear because i was a shy virgin at the time. 




 google it. don't downvote because you're too retarded to believe something that seems unlikely 




 i bought my friend in the hospital a e-cig and it broke the next day. and i couldn't find the receipt/ 




 there's a type of jellyfish that never dies of old age 




 i blacked out and woke up in detox in wyoming surrounded by drunk natives and not knowing where i was. 




 that's pretty interesting about the emperor. i wonder then if nuking a non populated area really would have worked the same. 

actually over 400,000 japanese died. half vaporized, half died later from fallout and such. 




 i wish i never started smoking cigarettes. now i can't stop 




 ok, speech therapist is right.  




 thanks. what's a logoped? 




 i can't pronounce the letter R and i have a stutter. this really makes my life hell. i've almost given up making new friends and no one will hire me. 




 based on your comment history, you are going to get stabbed. enjoy death asshole 




 since you paid for him, legally he belongs to you. take this cunt's ass to small claims court and you'll definitely win. 




 when is mothers day? 




 SO YOU'RE THE ASSHOLE WHO DOESN'T TIP ME! 




 wow i can't wait. thank you, doesn't sound too crazy so i'm not so nervous anymore. 




 i'm getting some soon and just want to know what i'm in for. i've tried shrooms a few times and some super weak acid once. 

what can i expect my trip to be like? i mean what was yours like? 




 aww fuck yeah . awesome thank you. i'm getting some soon and i want to know what i'm in for. 




 shit. i meant to put "AMA request" in the title.  




 i would smoke a lot more weed 




 oh yeah i forgot about that thing. but i'm talking about on a much larger scale. like a fire extinguisher that you can use on wild animals to get them high so you can catch them.  




 now that i'm thinking about it, after i payed and picked him up they showed me how they knew he was dehydrated. something with his eyes and the skin on his neck didn't go right back into place if they pulled on it. and they still ran a buttload of tests even though they knew what was wrong. 




 the tests they ran accounted for most of the bill 




 ooh thank you 




 thanks 




 you also have my ideas. my first idea is a weed gun. it's like a fire extinguisher but it blows out weed smoke. you can get animals high so you can catch them.

my second idea is jeans with velvet on the insides.

i have more ideas but i forget them. 




 how do you find a prostitute? i want one. 




 say someone who doesn't know anyone in the tv show/movie industry writes a pilot episode or something, what does he do from there? 




 "What the fuck?" I say aloud as i frantically search my brain for clues as to how i wound up in the middle of a dense forest. As I take in the absurdity of my situation I think back on the previous day. I didn't drink and I only left the house to get a pack of cigarettes. 
"Oh fuck yeah, cigarettes." 
As i take my first drag I approach my situation with a new sense of calm. I hear running water so i make my way towards that. 
I don't remember falling asleep but that's not new. I don't think I'm dreaming but I've never been able to have a lucid dream before. 




 how did you do that? that must have taken some effort 




 i would pay a pilot to fly me around the state so i can drop bags of weed attached to parachutes 




 that's weird. you lose a lot of water when you sleep so maybe you just got dehydrated. alright then i'll quit talking to you. 




 i have insomnia 




 she self serves when we play hacky sack... and misses... again and again 




 i live in seattle... so no. it was only a drop or two.  




 jack off twice 




 i smoked my piss once. i peed out my window and jiggled my dick to get all the piss out and some of it landed in a packed bowl. my last bowl. 




 i blew a smoke ring and turned it into a heart 




 would a lesbian be aroused by her own boobs? 




 pyramid apricot ale 




 i got the big scar on my leg from fighting tigers in asia as a child warrior prince 




 yeah especially since my name is charles 




 i also want to be a stand up comedian but i stutter and can't pronounce the letter R that well. i feel for you. 




 i wish i could give you more then one upvote 




 yes 




 women aren't funny. 




 i turned on the tv right when my dad came home and there were two guys having gay sex. we watched it together. 




