 Jeff--I don't recall if you've ever mentioned Pandante on the show before (I don't think so), but I know you are a fan of David Sirlin's games. If you'd be willing to plug an ongoing Kickstarter campaign on the show, the new KS for Pandante could really use some love. 




 I don't think Nintendo really sets out with a determination to be underpowered. But, it would be nice if the company put more emphasis on hardware power. 

As for third party support, I'm not sure Nintendo sees it as an issue. In Iwata's comments during this presentation, he spoke very proudly about the fact that Nintendo is the only console where the hardware manufacturer is also the biggest software contributor. It sounds like the company sees it as a strength. 




 I don't really mind the HotS segment, but I would prefer to see any new segments have broader appeal. It's interesting to hear Jeff talk about strategy, but I've been listening to strategy discussions and descriptions of MOBAs on podcasts for years now... and I still have no idea what a MOBA is or how it works. That means, much as I enjoy Jeff's perspective, it's a long stretch of the show where my mind wanders while I wait for something I understand.

Having said that, if Jeff wants to talk about it, I think he should. His excitement can be infectious and it's nice to hear someone passionate about videogames--even if they're not *my* videogames. 




 Well, not all Catan games have a modular board. Alternatively, I'm sure Rob Daviau could come up with some cool ideas to apply to a modular board. 




 Well said. It's totally cool if the gaming press dislikes a game, but it crosses the line when a reviewer is openly hostile or vindictive. It's also bothersome when reviewers tar and feather a game in order to make a point about some perceived failing in the industry as a whole. 

As Christian rightly points out, the past year has been rife with games that don't even WORK properly. Bugged, busted and flat-out broken. And somehow those games are afforded the benefit of the doubt and given ratings in the mid-80s. Then, when a high-profile console exclusive comes around... well. It's suddenly vital that the entire 10-point scale be used, and the knives really come out to slice up some faults. 

I haven't finished The Order, so I don't really know what I'll think of it by the end. But for now I'm enjoying it, and some of the negative reviews are almost embarrassing to read. It's not even the scores so much as it is the vitriol expressed in the text. I just don't get it. 




 Your experience with Amnesia was very similar to mine with the original Resident Evil. When that hit the PS1, I brought it to a friends house one night while our wives went for a girls' night out. We played through together, and repeated the experience once a week until we were done with the game. Such a singular experience, and I would definitely say that we both "played" the game. 




 Legacy of Catan.

That is a phenomenal idea! 




 Sure. It wasn't intended as a personal attack. 




 Well, I loved B W and The Movies. I also regard Fable 1 and 2 highly. I don't think I'm alone. You're free to disagree, obviously, but the hyperbole isn't very productive. "Blatant display of incompetence"? Give me a break. 




 This is not a great analogy, because you can often get an equal or greater experience listening to a book as you can by reading a physical copy. You're right that you give up some aspects of personal interpretation, but you are still getting 100% of the content in a manner consistent with what the author intended. People have been reading to one another for as long as the written word has been around, and authors continue to perform live readings for a very good reason--in some ways, it elevates the writing and makes it more personal.

A bad reader can kill a good book (Wil Wheaton, I'm looking at you), but a great reader (such as Jeff Cannata, reader of Traveling in Space by Steven Paul Leiva) is a wonderful thing. In some cases, it can even be an incredibly unique experience--try listening to Gone Girl, which is read by two different readers. It's a wonderful experience.

But, back on-point--watching Twitch is not like reading an audiobook. A Twitch stream lacks all personal involvement and interaction with the game, and it is not what the developer intended. A better analogy would be that watching the Twitch stream for a game is like reading the Cliffs' Notes for a novel. You may get the broad strokes, and you may even be able to predict whether you would like the book/game, but you haven't read the book or played the game. Your opinion is informed, but not enough to offer substantial critique. 




 Strongly disagree. You're selling him incredibly short. Populous, Powermonger, Dungeon Keeper, Black   White, The Movies, Fable, Fable 2... He has a very strong portfolio, and often produces games that do things no other games are doing. They are both unique *and* innovative.

He may oversell and promise the world, and he may not have made the transition to modern gaming very well, but he is absolutely a great game designer.  




 I'd say that's not very fair. They talk about games they dislike all the time. Including in this episode (The Last of Us, inexplicably). ;) Obviously, Jeff loves loving things, but they are both critical when it is warranted. You may just be misinterpreting their infectious glee about videogames, in general.

I highly value the integrity on display in this show, and I value both of their opinions. They put it all out there, and it's easy to get a feel for what they like and don't like (and I can adjust my expectations accordingly). Today, for example, I was really excited to listen to the podcast because I've been enjoying The Order, and the amount of hate being directed at the game by popular media has been disheartening. Whether Jeff and Christian liked it or not, I knew they would be fair and have interesting things to say about it. Their positive-but-balanced review was nice to hear, and I hope someone at Ready at Dawn listens to the show. 




 Fair enough. Words are free, but it's not worth the time to parse the internal motivations of a complete stranger.  




 I think you're being disingenuous. He said he was worried the game would be praised all over and lead to a push for more cinematic games. That certainly sounds like he was gunning for it to fail ahead of time.

No one would accuse him of being "douchey" for saying that a bad game should get a bad review. Everyone agrees about that. He was worried about his "douchey," pre-emptive desire that the game fail. 




