














 And what caused your head to asplode as a result. 















































































 That is a legit adjective. 







































 I can't watch the video atm, but serious question, why is it a fiasco? 
































































 Hey all - just picked up the first DS after hearing lots of good things. I'm only an hour or so in, but I'm curious to know, when did this game click for you? Combat is slow and sticky at the moment, with frustratingly long character animations. Also, the lack of a proper pause button doesn't seem like something to make the game challenging, just alienating to anyone who has some notions of balancing this game with other activities in their life and home. Thoughts? When did you go "I get dis"? 









































































































































































 As in, phones are so large now that that sound small? 




 instantrimshot.com

Very good, sir. Very good. 




 Definitely not just you, I've noticed it too, specifically in the last few days. 




 OP here, I have no idea how this happened either, but I made it to the second page of reddit.com with another post on r/gadgets earlier this week too. It's like the algorithm is heavily weighting posts from this sub-reddit atm, too much so. Which, weird. 




 Not usually, but it really varies by network. Three do unlimited 4G, and T-Mobile UK meanwhile (a subsidiary of EE) doesn't cap 3G at all. So I'd say this is a bad example, as it is very stingy I agree. 




 Really? I've always been the opposite. I love Android but much prefer using an iPad in portrait mode, because of 4:3. 16:9 screens are just too wide to be useful (save for video) and basically useless when not in landscape. 




 Interesting points, I didn't know that about the organisation limits. I think part of me thinks that because eSports teams aren't tied to locations that they need some form of shared history/heritage, something a team name provides. Just my two cents! 




 A financial necessity? Absolutely. 

That being said I do think a lot of personality is lost with these sorts of team names. A sports equivalent: there is a football/soccer team in the UK called Total Network Solutions and it is a laughing stock for it. Branded names have no history, emotion or location to them, and I do think that's a shame, this Worlds matchup being an extreme example.

I'm not sure what the solution is, and there probably doesn't need to be one but I do wonder if it might not be a bit off-putting for newcomers. 




 Very excited to see how the pitched battles actually pan out. Hopefully they're chaotic! 




 Hey that does look good! Thanks, will give it a go. 




 FYI the original source is here http://www.redbull.com/en/games/stories/1331682984950/assassin%E2%80%99s-creed-unity-preview-and-interview 




 I definitely think it was wise to hang tight. I had a 360 to test for a few weeks, and it just wasn't that useful - although I will say the voice recognition was very impressive. 




 Answering trivia questions people sent in by text message. Saturday afternoons when people just wanted to know the football scores were like money showers for 21 year old me. 




 Sorry guys! Was not in the story so that was unexpected. 




 Not me, but someone I know had a rabbit that needed an injection daily. Went away for a few days, and his mother did it in his place, except with a mixture of air and the wrong liquid in the syringe. Rabbit died horribly. :( 




 The LG G3 has I think been sorely overlooked by the press (but not you guys). The screen will cut you just by looking at it, it's that sharp. 




 That's a very good point. Makes you realise that it's not just a financial reason for the big OEMs resisting this for so long. 




 I agree they're not really competing products, but the significance is in HTC possibly accelerating their plans because of it. 




 Oh really? That's impressive. Thanks! 




 Yeah, I completely agree. It bugs me when a free to play game takes stuff out unless you pay, rather than adds stuff in. And even then, I'd still prefer just to pay upfront. But so it goes. Games like Monument Valley are the exception and not the rule now. 




 This guy. Thank you! I am definitely going to do this. 




 Thank you for these! I think I will definitely follow up on the chocolates. 




 London - for significant other (woman). 




 Thanks! I just had some of the popcorn. Cheese and caramel. I don't know what to think anymore! 




 I'm a bit miffed about this as a current 3DS owner, but also puzzled by this from a business perspective. Why does Nintendo want to quarter or half the large handheld audience it's built up which is its most profitable business right now? Because segmenting the 3DS with a blockbuster title like Xenoblade rather than some rubbish DSiWare would seem to be a good way of doing that. 




 Does Godwin's Law apply when discussing games featuring Hitler? Do agree though. 




 Apart from Portal and Portal 2 (since you can't really return to them until you forget how to complete the puzzles), I'd say Ni No Kuni. That game is mesmerisingly beautiful, but damn do you have to grind. 




 My own personal preference? The Ultra Nintendo Entertainment System. UNES has a good ring to it. 




 It's 29 that gets me. Such a bizarre bit of trivia, and now that I know about it, such a baffling thing for Nintendo to do. 




 Good point about how non-devs won't think of games in terms of what doesn't exist already. As a non-dev, I of course didn't think of this! 




