




 Not soapboxing! Honestly curious how we are able to have zoos ethically 







































 But I love the Bucks...  Idk why but they are my East coast team.  They play with amazing style.  I have made alot betting on them because the critics give the spread so high against the Bucks...  Have pride in your team because I give you 2 years to be a contender.  





























 I like things like free grand slams on your bday at Dennys... What are some other tricks we should know?  Redbox promo codes, free food,  etc?  









 What are some of his most important works to read?  





























 What exactly are numbers?  My professor and I were in discussion about them and he implied that numbers are entities separate from physics,  math,  and science.  We *use* them and apply them but math in itself doesn't imply truth...  Have you heard this and can someone explain his logic?  









 I heard that we need to reorganize our theory of gravity.  Is this true?  If so,  what does this mean and why?  
























 I can't seem to get back into the school groove.  What are some study tips and habits?  




 It seems as if the US just said fuck that crisis over there as Russia continues to wage war when at the beginning,  the US was threatening action.  The timing of ISIS seems to perfect.  Could Russia have helped the start this secretly?  




 Serious question. I want to know if someone passes away in law enforcement, it looks like everyone that's a  cop attends.  Who is patrolling or working? Wouldn't this be the time to do a crime?  









 I have thought for the last couple years that Westbrook deserves his own team like the Celtics and then build around him. I just don't like how Westbrook is a 2nd option. Do you think that he should have him own team?  




 Hope you enjoyed this as much as I enjoyed losing to this.  kt is incredible.  




 I pointed this out a few weeks ago.  ruby just collected his 7th technical of the season.  For a guy with a usually quiet demeanor,  this has been a big sign of him changing.  What do you think has happened?  We can't afford both our stars collecting 20+ techs a season. Ruby never got techs like this before this season.  
























 IMO Jason Thompson gets a lot of crap as a starting PF.  He has been a staple on our defense and has improved throughout the years.  He has been the longest standing King on the team and is amazing in the community. Relatively humble and hasn't had attitude problems. 

There is not one person on the that we have tried to replace more then him.  He has outplayed numerous candidates like T-rob,  Landry,  Patterson, Evans and Acy. Always been a fan but I believe he deserves more credit.   









 Literally that.  



















 Link right here 














 Jus for kix 









 Ayyyyyyyy 





























 I want to help out the community and environment .  I am interested in planting trees,  feeding the homeless, etc.  I have checked out habitat for humanity but got no response. If anyone knows of anything,  please let me know.  




 I have started growing in my meditation and knowledge and continue to grow.  my SO is interested in meditating and Buddhism with me but I feel uncomfortable with it.  I feel like it is my thing for myself and a mental release.  I also feel I have only been learning for a few months.  I feel it would make us closer but still hesitant. How do you guys deal with this? Any advice?  









 These crackahs wanna here a story.  




 I am having issues adjusting to bar chord transitions and barring the strings.  Any good websites,  videos or tips!?  




 Source.  




 He is rich and I am on Reddit circlejerk.  




 On the Kings and why?  


































 Let us put this in perspective..  Elevator is broken...  That is why you are trapped.. 









 I understand how they go out of business..  Lack of revenue.  But I don't really understand how you have cities like Atlantic city going under and whole companies like Caesars Entertainment going under. Are people not gambling?  Why the sudden crash when the economy is on the come up? 









 I love your guys posts here and everyone is so informing. There is a new sub /r/sharingreligion that is curious about people's testimonies and stories. It is an awesome way to spread the word. Just wanted to thank you guys! Good way to help those looking at Islam for a chance to get info.  




 I love your guys posts here and everyone is so informing. There is a new sub/r/sharingreligion that is curious about people's testimonies and stories. It is an awesome way to spread the word. Just wanted to thank you guys! 




 I love your guys posts here and everyone is so informing.  There is a new sub /r/sharing religion that is curious about people's testimonies and stories.  It is an awesome way to spread the word.  Just wanted to thank you guys!  




 Growing up I had a family of 5 including myself.  My mother and father were divorced and very bitter people.  My mother was a Irish Catholic who drank often and suffered from emotional issues.  My father was a military Protestant who was semi abusive.  I was very rebellious growing up but fairly intelligent.  I read frequently and often pondered about philosophy and science. I was not forced into church except Easter of course for the grandma.  I was involved with partying and fighting in high school while being involved with the wrong crowd.  I eventually met a girl who introduced me to a christian church. I loved the fellowship and was engulfed with positive emotion.  I eventually did mission trips and became proactive in the church. My relationship with this girl seized and I focused on Jesus.  I eventually met a girl who I just loved.  Only issue was she was very immersed deep into the ranks at the church.  We started dating and this caused a mini uproar.  I was reprimanded, chastised,  tormented and disrespected by church officials for this relationship. Hypocrisy oozed out faster than I could have imagined.  Eventually I left my position as a youth group leader,  Bible study leader and Sunday school teacher because of this. I turned my back on religion because I realized that religion is made by people for people.  Dogma is just that... dogma. I eventually went back to reading my philosophy.  Nietzsche, Kafka,  Kant,  Schopenhauer and Hume all played a huge impact on my life.  I studied life as I am now finishing my BA in Philosophy.  My focus is religious studies. I was still left with a void until about a year ago I discovered Buddhism. I study and practice meditation,  Buddhism and Taoism.  I study the lifestyle...  Not the religion.  I believe that each person's life is for them to explore.  I realized Christianity is a very corrupt religion when it comes to their church but has taught me numerous things.  I believe one should explore all facets of their lives. This journey isn't over for me but just beginning.  









 I wanted to share with you guys that I had the best Meditation session to date.  Not that I am grading them or one better than the other, this one was just very different.  I was sitting there in breathe for a few minutes when I began doing some chants as usual.  Maybe it was just one of those busy weeks but everything seemed to slow down.  I was very aware of my surroundings and very focused.  I returned to breathe easily and felt very content.  Sorry just wanted to share with you guys.  




 I was driving on a very busy freeway when I saw the usual crazy motorcyclist weaving through traffic. I then thought how efficient it would be to have a motorcycle lane. A small lane like the bike lane to the right of the fast lane. Prevent deaths, injuries, and vehicle damage. More people would be inclined to take advantage of this safe benefit and now we have a green solution to car emission and less money on gas.  














 Why? 




 I was driving on a very busy freeway when I saw the usual crazy motorcyclist weaving through traffic. I then thought how efficient it would be to have a motorcycle lane. A small lane like the bike lane to the right of the fast lane. Prevent deaths, injuries, and vehicle damage. More people would be inclined to take advantage of this safe benefit and now we have a green solution to car emission and less money on gas.

Edited:spelling 
























 Was it in depth? How does it differ than how it is taught in America? 









 I enjoyed his play and I think he can be developed. I think he would be a good pick up now that the Wizards released him. 




 I get that they are above pain and suffering and that death is the easing of suffering but isn't killing yourself killing a living being? What is the point of this? 









 How has nobody done anything to them? 














 Are you more willing to date a guy/girl who normally wouldn't seem attractive superficially but has an incredible talent?

Ed Sheeran effect.. 




 Please... I beg you guys to stop whining about the FO. It hasnt even been a month without Malone.. Shit happens and we move on. OUR OWNERSHIP GAVE YOU A TEAM!!! Why are we questioning them so soon? You all thought a 6-1 start was our championship debut and you are expecting Corbin to jump right in and take us to the championship?

Same people wanting Malone back were crying about his rotations earlier. Have faith please and enjoy. This is the calming before the storm. 









 We were 6-1 leading the league in RPG. Our plays have (I am assuming) the same ones Ty Corbin has been running with Malone since he got here. We have lost our fire and the team is off rhythm... sobbing up and down the floor and losing within winning margins by losing teams. Our TO are HORRIBLE!!

Why get rid of Malone? When we were winning...? Makes no sense unless you wanted to lose perhaps?

Falling bottom ten secures our 1st round pick (which we dont have for a few years), allows newbies developmental time (as we have seen with Nik and Ray. We got Rudy to sign and now we blame Corbin for our failure.. We polish up next year with George Karl. Otherwise I can't make sense of this... 




 Simply up to this point... Whether it will later or not isn't relevant.. 




 Can it happen? Will it happen? 




 Which period in time was most memorable to you and why? 









 What is your view on hunting? For or against it? Why?

Edit: I ask because I am at my SO house and her family are all really huge hunters. I have nothing against guns but we were watching hunting shows and they were shooting bucks... they went into the Bucks home and baited them in the illusion of mating and in turn shot them with a bow. Just doesn't sit right.. 









 I am a salesman and I love one liners.. what do you guys got! 




 They don't hold any biological benefit at all. So why do men have them? 




 What chants do you use and why? 









 I have researched them a good amount and realized what I was practicing was Mahyana I believe... as I look at the other two they all seemed to mesh into what I believed was a singular belief but I guess they are different.. what makes them different
. What is Tibetan Buddhism? 




 I love this band and want to see them but I only have seen them at Coachella... when do they tour Cali? 









 I came to the realization that I have requested not to have a service when I die. It costs a lot of money and I do not want to be mourned. If people would like to remember me, then I request they do it individually. How do you guys feel? 




 I wanna start by thanking the wonderful souls of /r/buddhism for being such amazing colleagues in my spiritual growth. I have made some self realizations and now I am eager to learn more!

I ran into a gentleman awhile back who dressed like a Tibetan Monk trying to sell me prayer beads... I realized he was a Hare Krishna follower... what exactly is that? What is the difference between them and Buddhists? 




 I was pretty amazed at the Bucks history of 3-Point shooters. Michael Redd, J.J. Reddick and Ray Allen. Am I missing any? Why do they develop such good shooters? 









 Just wondering if Buddhists have a deity that they worship. I don't believe Siddartha is one. 




 [SERIOUS] 









 Every time he talks I wanna vomit but im curious about what you guys think. 




 If you tend to "party" a lot... what do you drink to not put on the lbs.? I am a huge Corona drinker but that is counter productive... 




 Should we go for it? Would you trade our 1st rnd pick? 




 I am getting really red, bad looking stretch marks by my armpit area. (Bicep and chest-ish area) Why is this occuring and has anyone experienced it? 

Is there a treatment for it? Its kinda ugly. 
























 Is he not an amazing player? 














  I want to try my best to follow the path to enlightenment.

What do you guys use to help with this?

Wow guys! What awesome feed back! Everyone had some good imput! I wrote a lot of them down and will keep a link to this thread. Keep up the good response s. 



















 I am trying to cut down but cant seem to shake bad eating habits... what are some tips to shaking the habit.

Wow guys... there's a lot of good info here thanks!  




 I believed that it was a huge mistake bring him back to our team.. but he reminds me of how Jackson and Thomas used to light up the floor when the bench comes out. Great hustle and energy. 



















 I read a lot of German Philosophy and was curious on your opinions on which country you feel was the most impact.

Clarify: which area in the world do you feel has produced the highest quality of philosophers and why?

 




 I am transferring to UCSC and if it is cheaper I would live off campus... something look to good to be true and I hear alot of stories of scams... what are some tips and warnings reddit?

I have a girlfriend who would be with me... split rent 




 I am now making plans on transferring for fall 2015. How is the job market? What is the best option for living... renting apartment or on campus housing?  









