 I have 1 friend I met trough gaming wich i still have contact with but we have met irl and have different stuff to talk about besides gaming, so that is no problem. And yes, some of my friends game and I have no problem with them gaming when I'm around, however, I will always stay on the background instead of joining in (In a FIFA competition on ps3 by example) 




 These are actually really good questions to ask yourself if you're afraid you might have a computer problem, thank you! 




 I never said that drugs and gaming are the same thing, drugs are bad, very bad, they destroy people's life so often while gaming is entertainment, so many people enjoy it. How could it be the same? Well, it can destroy lives aswell, believe me. Not in the way drugs do but in more subtile forms, you start to ignore the ones you love, they get frustrated.. You become unhealthy, hardly see people.. This of course will not happen when you are a casual gamer and there is nothing wrong with that, I cannot stress that enough. But there are times where it goes way beyond that, where you really need professional help in order to get way from it's grip.

This seems very weird to alot of people because they assume you can just 'stop gaming' and it's 'lack of self control'. Well, you can just 'stop drinking' too right? No.. Gaming does not indeed reward you in a fysical or material way like drug or alcohol do but sometimes, with certrain people, the rush of winning, the feeling that it gives, can be just as addicting as gambling I am sure. I'm not the worst case by far, I've seen people in the clinic go bonkers because they were denied internet access. 

I understand that all this must seems really weird for outsiders, incomprehensable even, but let me assure you, it can be really bad and it is in fact, considered a legitimate addiction by authoroties and such. 




 I would say that before anything, just like with every other addiction, you have to realise yourself that you spend way too much time on computers and need to stop. If not, nothing or nobody can help. Once you realised this it's best to seek professional advice, they will explain everything to you and then it's up to you wether to decide if you want help or not. Just one more thing, don't think 'I'm going to calm down on gaming, going to game less.' No. Just, NO. That doesn't work, you have to quit everything, cold turkey and try to last as long as possible. Because if you play 'a bit' you'll fall back into old patters before you know. 




 The irony of me doing this IAmA did not escape me either :) 




 There are alot of people who think the same as you, so did I actually. But it had been proven that you can actually be addicted to internet usage or gaming in the same way that you're addicted to by example drugs or alcohol. I went to a clinic in Holland (there aren't any (good) ones in Belgium who are specialised in this matter) where they only treat this kind of addiction, there they diagnosed me and offered to treat me but i didn't want to be internated, I wanted to get over it on my own, with the help of my doctor and parents. So far, it seems to have worked. 




 I'de have to say i was the most addicted to CoD:MW2 the most, the hours I played on that.. It was really bad. Sc2 and War of Legend (a short period, but really heavy) have been bad for me aswell. 




 Because I was going to start in Computer Science that year and I needed a good laptop to run all the software smoothly. Turns out it ran all the games smoothly aswell, not good.. And I played random so: 1/3rd For the Overmind!! I guess..:p 




 In what way do you want me to provide proof? 




 I know the feeling all too well. I think something along those lines would have applied to me aswell. Luckely, I liked sleep too much to actually get up early to game wich kept me atleast a bit healthy but still, it was pretty bad from time to time. There were weeks in the winter where I realised I haven't seen the sun in days, I was basically living during nightime and blocked out the little sun there was. 




 Yes I have, and I actually did. This was on my old laptop, instead of removing everything I bough a new one (an Alienware, stupid me) and told myself I wouln't install games anymore. This lasted for maybe 3 days and made me realise afterwards that I indeed have a problem.

No, I never got to GM but I've been Top-8 Masters frequently, I think I played too much CoD to actually get promoted (I was #1 5v5 in the esl for almost a year, this made me some money in online tournaments but this was more bad then good, since I used it as an excuse to keep playign since 'I made money with it') 




 Yes, it really is. This is the longest I've been on it in weeks just because I force myself to leave after 15 minutes each session. I love this site but it's so big and there's an endless flow of interesting stuff to find and peers to discuss with that if I wouldn't force myself to get off the PC, I would fall right back into my old lifestyle. But I really wanted to do this IAmA so I cut myself some slack :) 




 I don't exactly how or what made me realise I was addicted but suddently I started seeing that the people around me were right and I was actually spending way too much time gaming and on the internet and I decided that this is not the life I wanted to live. So I packed my bags and went to France for the entire summer with a few mates, spent our days surfing and such but I tried to refrain myself form any form of internet usage. When I got back I forced myself to stay away from the PC as much as possible and that's a battle with myself I still have to fight every day. And like I said, I started working, travel as much as possible, mostly for surfing. And the biggest thing probably, I found a girlfriend who lives a simular lifestyle, alot of travelling and such and that keeps me away from falling back into old habits. 




 Nee, Knokke :) 




 It's hard to tell to what degree since I always refused any kind of treatment or professional help. In the beginning because I tough I wasn't addicted at all, afterwards because I wanted to stop on my own. But it was pretty bad, I would wake up and start gaming just about untill I went to bed, the only thing I would do besides that was go out with friends or see my girlfriend, no classes, nothing. So I don't really know, pretty bad but not bad enough for me not to want personal contact anymore, or see my friend. 
For the 2nd part of the question, yes, I have experienced pain in my wrists (CoD and Sc2 aren't the most kind games for them) but they seem to have dissapeared now, thank God. 




 I didn't downvote you, it was a legitimate question, hence why I answered it. 




 Good question, this was hard at first, because every free moment I got, I felt that urge to play again. But I started working this year and have found some salvation if you like in surfing, I surf quite alot now, also got my coaching diploma. Basically, I try to occupy myself as much as possible with just about everything and it seems to work out. 




 Actually no, I have had a few good, stable relationships. I don't think I'm bad looking and have gotten quite good ad hiding my internet usage over the years. 









 yeah, I really didn't think this post trough I believe. However, it's almost impossible to keep results like this off the front page :( 




 I'm very sorry! Removed the post at once 




 Oh.My.God. He did it again!! He makes the Slayer team look like a bunch of unprepared code B players o.O 




 Exactly! Their decision not to bring in a Protoss player leaves me puzzled aswell (Get it?;) ) 




 Him pulling off the All-Kill would be insane, who would of tought that? 




 The games so far are insane!! Gumiho is so good, takes down CoCa in the 3rd game aswell! 




 http://www.egothieves.com/mixes/

An awesome site with free mixes for various styles of music, go check it out. 




 I'm sorry to hear about the desk chair. 




 I do feel like it's up to them to make the intermission a bit pleasant, a viewer should not have to mute his stream every time because he heard thje same song 20 times that day.. 




 If I hear 'I need a miracle, I've got to get away from here ' one more time, I think I'll go mental. Seriously, adding extra songs to the playlist takes 10 seconds..

 




 It's just impossible to win agaisnt zerg now, all my losses are vs Z, I win all PvT and PvP, NERG ZERG NAO!!!!! 




 Vods up already? 




 3
 




 Thanks! Here, have an upvote :) 




 I've searched for it, normally links to the VOD's are everywhere after a major tournament but I can't seem to find them now, not on youtube, nor on the Dreamhack site. (http://open.dreamhack.se/vods/)

I'm sorry if someone already posted these! Thank you 




 As a Protoss player, here is how I see the situation now:
ZvP: Pretty even, hardest matchup for P tough
TvP: Decently balanced however, T seems to be alot easier for me then Z
ZvT: Terran gets smashed at this current point :( 




 Why on earth still no pause in customs? 




 Looks really cool, great for doing hypothetical builds, learning timings and such. 




 Thanks alot for the tips guys, I'm alot more confident i'll hold it off next time! Upvotes for all!! 




 Ignore the (in base) in the build order. I'm having some big problems stopping it, even when I scout. i tried getting 2 gateways by myself, trying 1 gate/core but still.. What is the best reaction? Thanks! 









 Tried to post this aswell but you beat me to it, good job!:D 




 Props to every one of you for keeping this awesome subreddit alive!3 









 Thanks alot mate! Just don't expect too much of it ;) 




 Sent you a replay with Twitter, would love it if you got around reviewing it. I'm a bronze P player altough I consider myself slightly above bronze, somewhere around high silver I think, I just don't play enough. All my matches are against high(er) silver players. Thanks! 









