 I'm here to make a Rio joke 




 I can't think of willem dafoe the same after seeing his dick and balls in Antichrist 




 As did I my friend 




 I immediately thought of Lapras 




 She's still Cordelia in my eyes  




 The capital letters spell POOT USA down the side. 









 Are you dumb, that's the point of this fake video 




 Chicle yum 




 Nice funnyjunk bookmarks my friend  




 His arm looks severely long and deformed from the shadow... 




 If I see this damn picture one more time, I'll call Zach Braff and make him unfollow me on twitter  




 Hey! Who turned out the lights? Hey! Who turned out the lights? 




 That fuckers face is so accepting, like that shit happens to him every week  




 Nice 10 year old repost  




 We also have them in Iowa, OP isn't special 




 Booker DeWitt is still my fave  




 Whenever I hear popped corn I think of Ned's Declassified 
*edit: which is incidentally also said by Lincoln  




 Nice stain 




 I can't go through this stress again, I just can't  




 I sense some Jonathan Coultan in my future  




 They actually did take South Park off. 




 Well, Matt Smith already shaved his hair and announced he's leaving the show by the end of the year. So after John Hurt has his season or two, Matt Smith will use his regeneration.  




 If I see this stupid gif one more time... 




 What's up, teefury friend  




 I'm confused, why is there a tardis? 




 She doesn't even know about it yet. 




 I LOVE TO FUCK I GOTTA FUCKIN PROLLEM 




 I've had at least 3 reddit stories in my local news. The Hitler teapot was on it today. 




 I'm intrigued... But how would this get back at the husband at all? He's just slowly I investing bones, nothing happens. 




 Excuse me OP, I've seen Homeward Bound 14 times, Chancw got hit by a porcupine and this didn't happen. We caught your little game, time to throw in the hat  




 Change temperature to match temperature outside, rake in the votes 




 You're never too old to do heroin this morning  




 The fact that he recently shaved his Doctor Who locks means Season 8 will be only about John Hurt 




 When I grow up I want to want to be rich. I don't want it now, but I hope soon I will. 




 Too bad he's still Sylar in my eyes 




 Last night's Game of Thrones made it apparent that bears aren't pussies 




 Probably the same one getting raped on Tosh.0 




 Teefury swag 




 I'm gonna need some sauce good sir 




 I AM LRRR, RULER OF THE PLANET OMICRON PERSEI EIGHT  




 Your name is too great, spacedong 




 I'm not  




 Did you do acid? 









 Did everyone come here to make a Khaleesi reference?! 




 David Luiz! 




 I have that same phobia, I used to have this nightmare where I would fall into an Egyptian tomb and little bugs would crawl into my skin and leave holes all over my body  




 Do you like spacesticks, in your mouth? 




 But seriously sauce 
 




 This was a torture type in Amnesia.  




