 Spoilers...  




 Amazing name you have, haha 




 Huh? Is that supposed to be the Human Being?...  




 I haven't seen it yet but I've heard good things and want to see it 




 Bad Words and Chef. I don't remember much being posted about either but both are really good 




 As credible as any rumor. It's false until proven true from a official source 




 If it doesn't have the little blue indicator by it, for a page that big and a topic like that, it's not a verified page.  




 That's not an official page and that is just a rumor. Nothing to see here. Move along. Move along 




 Good. Keep those characters on the original Agents of Shield.  




 I know but still, no other characters have bled into the other movies 




 Considering The Force Awakens takes place 30 years after Return of the Jedi, Obi Wan died in a New Hope which is a few years before that, was a 60 year old hermit at time of death, and Domnall Gleeson is 31, I'd say YES! 

But no, really, probably not.  




 I am in the exact same boat... Exact.  




 I just recently did. It's not that it's bad, it's just less good than others. And to me, it's equal with 6 right now. The only season that's less than "really good" is Season 4. 




 I love that movie. It separated itself from Iron Man to make it feel original yet still fed into the Universe very well 




 Other than your power ranking, I agree. It's been really good. My ranking would be 2  3  5  6 = 1  4.  




 He kinda reminds me of James Spader. Not sure why. 




 Not me. I thought Captain America was too cheesy to be good as a movie like Iron Man. That first movie proved me dead wrong. And he has been one of my favorites personally and has had the best movie (The Winter Soldier)  




 For sure!  




 In a lot of ways, yes, but it still will be a Cap movie and go through his arc. The whole story will feature all of these characters but most likely will be told from Steve Rogers' perspective.  




 It's usually lame, makes the movie darker and less clear. The only good example I can think of is Avatar because it was actually filmed in 3D rather than thrown together in Post. Sometimes it's not bad, but I'd never choose 3D over 2D unless that's the only way I can see it in IMAX 




 That cast list is HUGE! And Amazing! Finally tying The Incredible Hulk movie back in with General Ross, tying in Ant Man and Black Panther, AND current Avengers. This could be better than  the Avengers movies!  




 Yea, some movies are or do both but it's not always an option nor is it as regular as IMAX 3D as an option.  




 I have one by me, didn't know that though. I've seen a few movies there and it's incredible. Just never knew they couldn't do 3D. 




 You are probably right, but I hope it is actually made for true IMAX. I actually have one close by that is awesome when something has true IMAX shots. 




 That's an interesting option 




 I've seen it for a few movies here in America but it's not a popular option only because Studios make more money on IMAX 3D 




 Well, it's brand new technology so we'll have to wait and see I think. 




 For sure, I'm sick of either getting a small screen or straight to IMAX 3D. IMAX 2D should be an option.  




 That is going to look amazing! The first movie fully in IMAX, cannot wait 




 In the wake of JJ saying that he is removing some of the references to the other movies, I truly have hope that these movies will stand on their own rather than just pieces of nostalgia. Familiar but new 




 I use chrome for the functionality. It's a little slow sometimes and needs a "desktop only" mode buy other than that, I like it 




 That is awesome to hear! Thanks for the quote.  




 It was a moment of aggression after someone called me a shitty fan. Anyway, I agree with you. The Wild went to the point for way too many shots and barely ever got a loose puck. Among many other issues. I still believe we have the talent, we just need to get our shit together.  




 An educated discussion about hockey was not called for when he said "I must not watch much hockey" and that I'm a "shitty fan". My response was warranted. Im also a former player, which I assume most of us are on here. You know what really made us look Dumb? Losing. The chanting is the crowd trying, clearly unsuccessfully, to get something going. Again, I'm not a huge fan of the "goalie name" chant and I didn't even participate in it because like you said, it won't work on Crawford. But I understand the reasoning behind it.  




 Exactly how am I a shitty fan? 




 Haha, I've been to more games than you've seen on tv or otherwise. 




 I WAS there, i didnt participate in it, but i understand the real reasoning. Yes, there are some dumbass fans, but that is what it is meant for. 




 Not really. As i said, its meant to get in his head and make him screw up. It clearly didnt work tonight. But chants aren't only meant for after a goal or when we are winning. We need to keep the crowd active, support our team, and get it rowdy to distract the opposite team. Im honestly not a big "Goalie name chant" fan anyway, but that is the reason for the chant. 




 I never boo my team but the "CRAAAAAAWFOOORD" chant is meant to psych the goalie out and get into his head. He did play a great game, sadly, but the chant isnt saying "You suck" its saying "Screw up". Now, if we started the "Sieve" chant...then you would have a major point.

There is a similar chant in College hockey that DOES mean "you suck". That would go "Craaawford...Craaawford....Craaawford...SUCKS!". I think that is what you are thinking of. 




 Never sure about the character on GOT but really like the actor 




 1. Sam Jackson and Gazelle did not have phones with the SIM card that creates aggression. Nor were they close to any of them, therefore it wouldn't affect them. The chip was explained to people getting one put in them that it was to not get affected but really they were control chips.

2. He got the chips to explode because he knew they could be set off (as it did with Mark Hamill's character). Again, the chips were truly meant for control. Not sure what the full potential of them were as we never got that far in the movie but he could use them to Kill someone that betrays him.

3. Eggsy was in the military and learned combat from there, the rest came from the Kingsman training which took place over months (we only saw portions of it but you'll notice the amount of time passing be Eggsy's hair length). 

4. Roxy was clearly not quite as good as Eggsy as he helped her along the whole training. Plus she had not directly dealt with Valentine.  




 I'm really liking the Twelfth Dr. Who. But I think the Eleventh Dr. Who is my favorite so far.  




 Just wasn't on my mind anymore because you were so unimportant. You don't even piss me off, you are just a nat that won't go away is all. You also base my taste in movies off of one movie, wow. And just to shut your trolling down, this is my last post in the thread.  




 But I've already gotten to you. I forgot about this thread and you are still running on. And you are right about one thing. You can't get somebody when you are wrong. I can't be gotten. Hahaha 




 BAHAHA! You are still on this?! Man, I really got to you, is your eye twitching yet? 




 No, haha. Not many on message boards or friends agreed at the time. I know I'm not that important.  




 The Amazing Spider-Man did okay critically and good financially but is still the 4th highest grossing Spider-Man film behind even Spider-Man 3. And The Amazing Spider-Man 2 had worse critical reviews and is the 5th highest grossing Spider-Man movie, out of 5. But anyway, my point was more to the fact that a third was not made and rights given to Marvel and Marc Webb has no movies lined up. 

Also, I'm not saying it's impossible for new directors to lead a blockbuster, Jon Favreau had little experience and did Iron Man, as you said. James Gunn did Guardians. My complaint was specific to Marc Webb, he did music videos and one mediocre (in my opinion) romcom. And I wasn't entirely wrong because The Amazing Spider-Man franchise didn't exactly become the next Iron Man or anything. It's not all his fault but I still don't believe he was the right choice 




 Maybe he was initially cast or something. He would be great on the show though. 




 Not exactly but he wasn't a plus to either movie. He had no action experience and barely any feature movie experience. And people aren't exactly lining up for him to direct their script. 




 I agree with you on the story. But the product was cool for a single watch. 




 500 Days of Summer. Great cast but it was so slow paced and didn't ever go anywhere. Yet everyone seems to like it who have seen it. Especially around the time The Amazing Spider-Man had just attached Marc Webb as director. I felt it was a terrible choice. No one listened. We all know how that ended up. 




 Im not being a dick, im truly curious. Why stop? The rest was just filling OP in on what happened so their not disappointed with Season 4 and not continue on because 5 and 6 are great. 




 Why, if you are such a big fan, have not watched all of Community or kept up with it? Also, just so you know, Season 4 was not done by Dan Harmon as he was fired. Then he was hired back for season 5. Community got canceled due to the low viewership, and then revived on Yahoo Screen for Season 6. 




 Pretty sure it's a behind the scenes photo 




 They are white/cream. Where did you get it?  




 What is the color of the Jersey? Can you provide a photo of it?  




 Exactly 




 I'll still see both and hold any real opinions until I at least see some footage but I'm skeptical now just because those two topics can very easily be botched. 




 I get that for sure 




 Not twitching at all. You can have your opinion. I'm not trying to change it at all. I'm only trying, apparently unsuccessfully, to make you understand that the majority opinion of something doesn't revolve around your viewing of a film, nor mine. 




 No, not at all. I just don't see how people think they outright sucked this past game. We made a few costly mistakes which we should rightfully gripe at. I'm talking about the people who said we straight up sucked and have give up. Wasn't really meant directly at you 




 My evidence is based on all critics, box office numbers, and everyone who saw the movie who has a rotten tomatoes account. Yours is based on a few reddit posts out of the many enjoying it, you and your friends, and your opinion on what people who haven't seen the movie yet will think. No matter the movie, you are in the minority. I can say for fact that most people who have seen the movie enjoy it and most critics as well. You can speculate what the future viewers might think. Far from fact. 




 All I'm saying is they didn't score any goals by naturally coming into our zone and scoring a goal. They were all caused by our mistakes which, if fixed, can allow us to win. By the way, it's unbelievable that I'm defending our team against our own fans. Where is our loyalty to a team that actually did play well expect for a few costly breakdowns 




 Yes, there were some but no different than them at some points in the game. You are taking the negative points in our game and amplifying them to outweigh what we did well under the circumstances.  




 You don't have to like the movie, but you were trying to make the point that your opinion is the majority which it is not. Not saying I'm right either. Just that I'm in that majority in liking it. And I'm actually not deep into fanboydom. I've not read any of the comics, just enjoy most of the films, including this one. No my soul does not hurt every time somebody doesn't love Marvel. Having said that, it should be expected to receive defense for a movie that a majority of the people who have seen it, like it. No matter what it is. 




 Glad you have a few friends you can hate on the movie with. That is clearly the minority opinion. As shown by the amount of money it brought it, the critical acclaim, and the audience praise, the movie is good to most. 

Just because you, your friends, and a few posters on reddit don't like it, does not make that the majority opinion.  




 I'm fairly sure movies like this one are made for people who generally like superhero movies. The people who are going to go see it, for the most part, enjoyed the first one and understood it. Clearly those people will understand and enjoy this one. All of the critics that are going to write a review have already done so and it's at a 75% which is damn good (albeit, not as good as the original but still very good).  




 [Yea...because people hated Age of Ultron](http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/avengers_age_of_ultron/)  




 Our defense had a few breakdowns of which the blackhawks capitalized each time. If it weren't for those, they would not have had any goals. The D had 3 turnarounds that resulted in 3 goals which sucks and is unfortunate but other than that, we played well. If we can tighten up the D to not make those mistakes, we can beat them. The team as a whole did not look sloppy nor marginal, otherwise it would have been 7-0. We had strength, good passing, Good scoring chances, control, speed, and cool heads (especially after getting down again).

3 mistakes cost us the game but that does not make our game play diminished besides those.  




 You lost me at the title 




 It's only a meltdown if we just suck and lose out. Both games we played well. Sometimes better than them (others pretty even). We just have to adjust some things to have less turnovers. 3 out of the 4 goals were off of Wild Turnovers yesterday. To give up on a team after two games is a cop out. It's not true fandom.  




 Have a little faith. We lose two really close games and you are counting us out? Cmon... That's just bandwagon BS.  




 He was great in the role. I would like it if they revived him or saved him but the death does hold a lot of weight. Either way, this role opens up an already good career for him 




 Look at it this way, since it wasn't well received, if it didn't have the 7th Doctor, there would be no reason to consider it canon. A lot of people have grown to love the 8th doctor due to his audio stories and The Night of the Doctor. None of that would potentially exist if it weren't for 7's regeneration to 8 being shown in the movie. 




 That's alright. At least you tried.  




 Absolutely not. I'm watching it in the Theater for the first time. No two ways about it.  




 Glenn said that that was a mislead and that is not The Waitress' name. But thanks for playing 




 Spider-man 3 




 The 2nd one wasnt perfect but i still thought it was really funny. 




 Haha! That makes me happy that someone got it 




 Season 7 is my favorite season. 




 I would have loved that. 




 Yes. But the fact that they had him it made it better 




 Anybody else pissed that the one guy pounding on the glass with seats behind the net is still there from the last game? 




 The casting of 8 and having 7 in it for the transition. Other than that, it's just okay for me. After seeing 8 back in the Night of the Doctor, I reeaaaally would like to see more of his later years 




 No fakes look decent... 

Edit: Seriously. They are always off colored, have terribly fake looking patches, the numbers/name stitching is shotty. Not even close to the real thing. At the last game I was at, I literally saw one that had the Wild logo Tilted fully on its side. How could they think that was legit or look good?  




 Grilled Cheese wins. But only in a fair fight. If it's prison rules. I'd take the taco.  




 Hulu  




 Sports scores, package tracking, flight tracking, email reminders, TV show reminders, weather, etc. It's very useful once you get used to it and start using it more 




 Yes, but without the trial and going to jail and everything. I liked the Seinfeld finale but for IASIP it would be great if it were literally just like any other episode 




 I've said it before but my perfect finale would be just like any other episode. And after its all done, Mac would run in saying "Guys! I got News!" Then it would cut to black and do the usual "Thursday" "2:30pm" "Philadelphia, PA" with them discussing their next scheme in the background and then all the way through the credits. The End. I like to picture that even after we end with them, nothing ever changed and they continued their shenanigans after.  




 Wow an article talking about how bad a movie is when critics and moviegoers agree it was great and providing no proof nor examples of why it was bad.  




 It's available for purchase as a Digital set as well. It's not on Netflix or Hulu or anything. Basically, if you want to watch them, you have to buy them. As it should be.  




 I just went on Taptu and saw that the app was being retired on March 31st, 2015. This was my favorite app, anyone else have a RSS reader that is similar in setup? 

I have now tried Feedly and Palabre and both are ok but have terrible or no widgets and no way to flip easily from site to site. 

EDIT: Thank you all for the suggestions, Ive checked out everyone's suggestions and am testing between Paperboy and Palabre. Both are nice apps but need some work so I'll stick with both until one gets better than the other. I still miss Taptu.  




 I go to /Film and ComingSoon.net for movies and they have some TV News but is there a good website that is similar to those but for TV (besides this subreddit)?  




 It feels like the season started last week. But man, it has been a really good one. What is your favorite episode or moment from Season 10? 




 Jesus...Am I the only one who had to work today? I know I don't hold the right to complain about stuff being spoiled but I'm dying inside with every minute I can't watch the new episodes... Only an hour and a half left...  




 I personally hope we have at least an appearance from Shirley. And that Troy comes back obviously. I also am excited about the new characters. My expectations are about medium because I love Community but we are now missing 3 of the main study group members. But I have faith in Dan Harmon. How about the hint to more paintball (Dan's photo of Chang's gold gun)?  




 I was just watching Attack of the Clones and wondering if the scenes in Anchorhead where the Lars family lives (Luke's home in A New Hope) were filmed in the same location/same sets in Tunisia? I searched Google and couldn't find much. Just thought it would be really cool if they used the same filming locations/sets.  














 So I just got back and it was hilarious! Definitely not as classic as the original but found myself with uncontrollable laughter a lot! I know some people will see it differently but I really thought it was funny. Anyone else see it or want to know anything?  




