 Most people outline their book first, but for me, simply writing works better. I let my imagination flow as I write and it works better than thinking every detail and scenes before you actually write it. 
At the end it depends on what works better for you. Try different approaches, good luck!  




 Hey Reddit. First of all, sorry for any English mistakes, I live outside the US.

So about 3 months ago I met this incredible girl online, she sounded perfect for me (though that may be troubling as alot of girls I talk to sound perfect to me). I'm pretty good at having a conversation, and we began talking for hours each day.

After about a few weeks, our topics began to change and become more serious, and I told her things that I never told my best friends that I've known since childhood. She was also pretty good looking and I believed she was my next girlfriend.

The problem begins when I ran out of topics. I don't think that this has anything to do with her, she didn't do anything wrong (in fact she seemed to hold a conversation better than other girls that I've previously talked to), but you probably agree that after having such 'heavy topics' going to casual is simply boring and gives a feeling of disappointment.

**TL;DR: So, today, after not talking with her for a week I told her that I have a girlfriend (which I dont), because I felt like I ran out of serious topics, and falling into 'casual/ boring' talks would simply be a disappointment.**
 By saying this, our 'relationship' is basically terminated.
Do you think I made the right decision? I'm pretty confused because in the past I broke up for silly reasons and I was miserable later.

I'll be happy to hear your guys thoughts. Thanks for reading! 




 Bad descriptions of a 'beautiful' person. 




 Unlimited supply of coffee. 




 Can someone explain why this program is so recommended? What does it offer better than Word or any other writing software?  









 Look at those 2 images:
http://www.wallsave.com/wallpapers/1280x700/creed/990934/creed-movie-assassin-s-ii-select-your-quality-990934.jpg
http://s.wallpaperhere.com/wallpapers/1280x720/20110702/assassins-creed-brotherhood-20101017102243981.jpg

What is the name of those red things on the floor? It apperas as red roses leaves, but I'm not sure. Maybe you know? 




 Sorry for any English mistakes at the title (or here). 
For exmample- This picture shows what I mean:
http://www.lifeofanarchitect.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/Paris-June-2010_660.jpg
I mean a word that describes the Eiffel Tower from distance. Thanks (: 




 For all of you, do you read books naturally? I know that for me, and other people who suffer from ADD/ADHD it's difficult to read long novels.  




 I've changed its outline more than ten times including everything possible so I don't know if that's considered as one novel. I began last year, and I'm actually writing a few other novels at the same time so it might take a while to finish. I think that it ended up more of a practice than an actual novel that you can publish. 




 Bravo. 
I've Never heard of those methods before, I'll definitely try tomorrow. By the way, how can you write 2,500-4,000 words? How much hours does it take? 




 So I'm 16 and diagnosed with ADD (Overfocused ADD). It doesnt let me read books or write more than an hour unless I smoke (marijuana), drink (coffee), or take something (Ritalin).
So, if anyone else has ADD/ADHD and has ways of overcoming it without these things, reply below. 
Thanks (: 




 Freddie   Madlib did a pretty nice job (; 




 Don't force yourself to write. It will only make you hate writing, and you don't what that to happen.
After you're in the 'mood' for writing, install a Chrome extension called "StayFocused". It helped me to write and not finding myself stuck in Facebook   Twitter.
If this is the first time you write, you will most certainly find yourself hating your stories. That's the first step every writer goes through, untill they improve (which is why I said that it comes with experience).
Also, put on some music that will help you get into the mood, and drink coffee (if you're serious, google a few tips on how to improve creativity and stay focused). 




 I heard:
Daughter, James (can't remember his full name), and a bunch of other unknown artists, but none of them delivered the same experience as For Emma Forever Ago.
Do you guys know anyone? Even famous bands because I might not know them. 
Thanks (: 









 I have an outline, but I found out that writing without a plan works better for me. I just drink a cup of coffee and type without thinking, I let my imagination flow and it usually works great.  




 I think it comes with experience... Write SOMETHING, and you'll begin to see what works better and what doesn't. There're also many threads about how to to improve writing. 
Good luck!  




 Scenes and descriptions. 




 I have many parts of my story which seem like clichs. How to deal with those? 




 If you don't care about imperfections(unfortunately I do), then I don't see much of a problem. If you do, you should probably imagine the entire scenes in your head before writing so you could describe it easier. 
Good luck!  




 I don't know where to begin.. I only told this today to a friend of mine. The feelings about my grandpa came back to me. I tried not to think about him, and whenever I do it's like I came back to that place in my mind which reminds me of that feeling that hit me. I don't know if the memories I have from him are still true, there aren't many left of those at all. I still remember how I came home from school, I was about 11 years old and I saw you at the kitchen, making your famous Grilled Chilcken, which I used to adore and ran around the house from excietment whenever I smelled it. I didn't say anything special, but went to my room and watched TV. 
The next day, mamma's crying woke me up and later I understood that you died. It was the first time I felt death, and it sucked. A mix of depression and anger, and I didn't know how to react. I had nothing to do, nothing would bring you back. Nothing. When I went to school I was so depressed and escaped it and though about all the memories I had left from you. I said to myself that I would take a bullet to keep you alive, and it was true. Tears, and more tears.. That's all I remember and they are coming back now. It sucks, it's terrible feeling and I never told to anyone about this. It doesn't matter... You were the closest person to my life, and I never told you that. You gave me unconditional love, protected me whenever mamma and dad blamed me for anything and gave me money for toys, and I never returned it to you. I never explained to you how I freaking loved you, never. 
A year later ,I began playing on piano, which is the best thing I do today. Mamma always saying to me how you couldn't hear me play.. You adored Classical Music. 
I'm done, I'm about to cry again like crazy and my sister in the other room, so that's it.
Rest in Peace, Boris.  




 It's awesome! Do you have any more silimar? 




 This one- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2bosouX_d8Y 




  They're all good, but they're different. I'm looking for something with piano, something calm with a pleasent voice to hear. Those pieces are a little bit more 'agressive'. As @madcowbomber said, the Requiem is beutiful but it's a different style than the song I mentioned. Another example of somethig similar (it's without a piano, but it's still good. It's from a videogame, but don't mind it): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nso1sJykCX0

 




 They're all good, but they're different. I'm looking for something with piano, something calm with a pleasent voice to hear. Those pieces are a little bit more 'agressive'.
As @madcowbomber said, the Requiem is beutiful but it's a different style than the song I mentioned.
Another example of somethig similar (it's without a piano, but it's still good. It's from a videogame, but don't mind it):
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nso1sJykCX0 




 I just listened to Ave Maria, and this beutiful. I'm a big fan of piano music and classical pieces, and I wanted to ask if you know any prayers and masterpieces like this. A playlist would also work (; 




 I just listened to Ave Maria, and this beutiful. I'm a big fan of piano music and classical pieces, and I wanted to ask if you know any prayers and masterpieces like this.
A playlist would also work (; 




 my desktop now. that's amazing.  




 up you bastards 




 up 














