









 Yes, no business, no moneys.  




 Plot twist, it IS your dad. 




 Yea, he is really getting downvoted to hell. 




 Yea, I work in the restaurant industry, tonight is going to be terrible. 




 Up next- tornado fries! 




 by Jack Handy 




 Definitely common on boardwalks as well. 




 The only available runningbacks that weren't kept (1st rounders anyway) are Jamaal Charles and Shady McCoy. I'm leaning towards Shady at this point, and grabbing a bigger name reciever with my second pick...thoughts? 




 Ugh still don't know yet. A Pete, Aaron Rodgers, (Aaron Hernandez lol) the more I think about it, the more I think Megatron might be taken. What else could I go for? I was thinking maybe CJ Spiller, but like I said, not sure who is being kept. Our commissioner is kind of lackluster this year with relaying information. 




 The kicker is that the guy with the very first pick has a hard-on for Tom Brady and is almost GUARANTEED to pick him. I'm looking at Megatron or Shady McCoy. Any thoughts?  




 Wow! It looks like when I play Kerbal Space Program drunk. 




 Who are you talking to that regards this game as the best ever, Rockstar employees? I have never heard of anyone calling GTA IV as the best game ever, or anything remotely close. 









 8 years ago, I used to sell weed. One day, me and Momma Dukes got into a bit of a tif, (I was 17 at the time, so the argument was pointless) and all of the sudden she says, "Ya know what?" and proceeds to walk up into my room, a few seconds later, comes walking down the steps with a quarter pound of weed I had in my room. She throws it at me and tells me, "There's no way you are smoking all of that bud!" (My Mom, 48 at the time, referring to my weed as "bud," was shocking enough, on top of the fact she found it) She then tells me she already called the cops..I walk upstairs and put the weed right back where I had it. I come back downstairs and my Mom let me sit in absolute fearfor about 10 minutes until she told me to get rid of it, I was a moron for doing it, and she didn't call the cops. That ten minutes, I thought I was fucked. 




 Reddit. 









 Makes sense, maybe I should devote more of my time to wasting it on Reddit... 




 Heard that. 




 Remember AOL? Young redditors don't. 




 It took me FIVE YEARS to get this song out of my head, ten years later, IT HAPPENS AGAIN!! DAMN YOU TO HELL, here's the most nostalgic upvote I've given so far. 




 I was expecting a math equation. Still, I'll take some boobs.  




 You're welcome good sir. Good day to you. I SAID GOOD DAY! 




 Sometimes I wonder...do some of these people READ comments before making a comment that is almost exactly like one made a few comments before...then I think...this is Reddit...so no. 




 How would I like my BLACK coffee? In a cup? Yea, don't just splash it on my face. 




 After reading everything, watching the video..I've come to realize that this guy is a total dickbag, and what he did was absolute garbage. I have no endearing things to say towards him, and I certainly hope he gets all 4 years in jail. What you did was help our government further their fight towards "owning," the internet entirely. Thanks asshole. (Oh, the people with the Guy Fawkes mask at his press conference, 100% serious? Wow.) 




 It wasn't the booze...it was a front wheel drive slowbalt ss that caused this :( 




 You're* 2 hours later, and we are just catching this? Somebody must pay. 




 Are you reading them all right before bed too? Terrible idea...but I can't stop.... 




 MCA from the Beastie Boys...only time I've ever been upset over a celebrity death. Guy was awesome, Beastie Boys are no more. :( 




 I see what you did there. 




 Fuck.  




 I have given up social networking for lent...I mainly use twitter and facebook, my girlfriend gave up pinterest and fb, as that is the only social networking she uses...we are still debating, should I have to give up Reddit too? 




 It's the smile.  




 Worked right out of high school as a cabinetmaker for 5 years. Realizing how depressed everyone in my trade was due to money and general unhappiness, I looked at myself and realized...time to face facts, I'm gonna encounter some shitty times if I go to school and work a shitty job...I'm now enrolled in school, on par for President's list, and loving every minute of it. (I am in school for computer networking) Quite a change, best decision I've ever made. 




 I can't upvote this enough. I believe this is a dream that all well-qualified, yet underpaid workers have. Good luck at your next job, hopefully better pay with less a-holes. 




 Such an awesome AMA! Never heard about  you before til now!! Cool to see you do a straight up, quick response AMA.  




 How did you know that producing edm was or you? What was the thing that just made it all click for you? Also, Philly soon? :) 




 Sexy...but the wrong place. 




 You guys are just plain cold with all these jokes. 




 I'm down voting because, why are we still talking about Kazaam?  




 Guess he is skipping all of the valuable advice from this thread and coming right from your intelligent idea.  




