 Oh, you were apart of those clowns.  Nice job removing shit pots, the quality becoming awful.  You're sitting here bragging sub count and all these cute accomplishments, it wasn't enough.  You did "your best" but it clearly didn't do the job.  The hating was becoming really mundane and of the generic variety, so no you weren't keeping up the quality.  It was that drop in quality that led to FPH's doom.  Don't blame the admins, everyone knows they're asshats, but you Mods sure did a clowny ass job, yet still you sit around reddit still patting yourselves on the back.  All huff and no puff.  If you had done your job, you'd have seen the direction of FPH ...of course you all thought you were doing a good job...ignorance.  There was a time FPH was safe, then the mods just lost vision.  In the name of censorship/fuck those admins, FPH should still be here, but not for one second would it be right with you degenerates running that ship.  Please leave it to capable hands.   




 There you go again, believing the mods had it within themselves to understand how to police something like FPH.  Just from your comments, you clearly couldn't.  FPH seemed pretty important to you, and for me it's survival means something a bit different, but look at the sub as a whole for a minute, it was pure and unabashed hate as you say, but it wasn't always pitched as such, so when you have a community that remains ignorant about what it is, while also having mods that can't control it; holy fuck it's a mess.  Too many loose ends that that whole team of mods was never going to get under control.  You really think that crew could get it done?  They did a good job kicking and screaming for a day on reddit, but what next?  What was plan b or c?  You think fatties have plan b or c?  It's cake and icecream. 

FPH Mods were incapable, that bunch of clowns had zero foresight.  It sure paid off for them to be arrogant while ignorant.  This is going to be a neat case study one day, those mods will be immortalized. 




 Then the mods should have not pretended like it was for helping fat people.  If the mods did their job, and kept the users from hating on actual people rather than fatty ways/habits; maybe FPH would still be around and maybe we could still have fun.  But they had to just allow random blatant misplaced hate to run wild.  That was very smart, smart way to get kicked to the curb.  Maybe an attempt at discretion or subtelty would have gotten the mod's a lot further than just "pretending like they weren't promising to be a help subreddit."  It's a childish tactic, one that would not slip past those fatty admins.   




 holy fuck, so happening. 




 Sorry, it'll be more like months before you move to DotA then.  Those clever fuckers porting over League aren't done yet, they've done amazing work though. 




 where to make buy? 




 Nothing, it's perfectly usable.  Source 2 gives DotA2 an updated UI design and engine, it's going to help my eyes and my crappy computer so much.  Wait a few months, League will be ported by some clever fucker over to DotA, so you can still enjoy League.  Design language moves forward with time though, and you gotta admit, the new Source 2 UI speaks to the new language in design. 




 Fph would still be around if it didn't draw in so many dankmeme posters.  The jokes/hate quality really took a dive.  FPH was once quality entertainment. 




