 I think it is a hacked article. 




 This sounds like hacked article. Somebody went on the Reuters website and planted a hacked article. 




 I wonder if people are going to gold on the cheap. 




 Try Target, Walmart, your local Supermarket, Taco Bell, and those places.  Also this could be a resource http://washingtondc.craigslist.org/mld/ret/
http://washingtondc.craigslist.org/mld/fbh/ 




 temecula might be a good idea.  You got the wine country as well plus there is gambling and shows at Pechanga. 




 average for a guy. 




 This guy goes on and on.  The diatribe becomes too repetitive and bore at times.  He lost my interest after about one minute. 




 What evidence does he have?  I doubt that he has any evidence.  The reality is that the money is coming from Saudi Arabia or Egypt. 




 What a sick prick! 




 good shit. 




 We do not need another cigarette taxes.  Cigarettes are taxed too high and people should have the legal right to smoke. 




 That sounds like invasion of privacy. 




 That is going too far.  I mean gun control should be on the table, but banning games is a violation of free speech. 




 The only problem with that theory is that the wealthy are not receiving additional benefits for money paid into the system.  Unlike the income taxes which were designed to be a progressive system, the social security tax is designed to be social insurance program which is based on how much a person's contributes to the program over a period of time and the benefit is proportional to the tax receipts that paid into the system. 

Once the tax has no ceiling on income, it ceases to be a social insurance tax, but rather a form of restricted income tax on the wealthy disguised as a social insurance tax where the tax receipts are creates an encumbrance (restriction) on expenditures to be used to shore up security instead of being appropriated for use in the government general fund. 

In conclusion, raising the ceiling is a form of restricted income tax on the wealthy and is not designed to social insurance for their income.  
 




 Obama has a "fear" of not looking being bi-partisan and just being bold liberal who fights for liberal causes.  He wants to be seen as 
"post-partisan" and is afraid of being tagged as a liberal in his legacy.  Instead, he should embrace the liberal agenda and be like President Johnson who liberal agenda defines him to this day. While Johnson always have the Vietnam War that will tarnish his agenda, Obama should have realized that liberalism will have defined his legacy, and not trying to be post-partisan with this group of Republicans. 




 Administrators did not put enough effort into forecasting the effects of a bubble economy on the city finances.  If the city had made a proper forecast of the housing bubble, perhaps, the effects of the housing recession would not be in effect. 




 There should be a focus in the state legislature to force the communities colleges to identify and eliminate inefficient use of overhead and G A expenses.  




 Impressive Rack. 




 Makes me think twice about drinking and driving. 




 Why cannot we do this nation-wide?  They do this in many European countries.  How about granting a week off for all workers? 




 What a bunch of loons! Do they ever get it? 




 While Hugo Chavez criticisms of US imperial power and help towards the poor was considered to be hallmarks of his legacy, he also leaves behind a a cult of personality that is akin to Mao, Stalin, or Castro.  While Chavez was a far less brutal ruler than Mao or Stalin, he still used a  lot of the same tactics to stamp out the opposition. 




 This is the problem when you keep an artificial ceiling on interest rates for an extended period of time instead of letting the interest rates float. 




 That is a good idea for a single-payer system. Instead of Obama Care, we could have single-payer catastrophic health-care system and have private supplumental surance for the rest of the expenses. 

You never hear about that idea from the left, but it might be the idea that hits the spot.  




 What is the point of the article?  It means that there is massive inequality in the nation and that people are forced to go on food stamps because there is not enough high-paying jobs.   If there was enough high-paying jobs, the need for food stamps would decrease significantly

The reality is that we need to increase wages to get people off entitlement programs and not cut entitlement programs just because people cannot afford food stamps because the jobs that are around are considered to be crap jobs out there.   




 It just goes to show how people will go to any lengths to have the bible justify their position, even though the bible has no prohibitions against interracial marriage (especially in the New Testament which has no prohibitions against interracial marriage) 




 I guess there will be massive exodus of people out of Phoenix one of these days, but I doubt we will see until maybe 2040. 




 Why is is this even a link? 




 Too bad. I was actually looking forward to Ashley Judd running. 




 An interesting idea, but I do think it would work. 




 The thing that I did not get is that Ted Cruz, Rand Paul, and Mike Lee voted against it.  I think it shows that Ted Cruz, Mike Lee, and Rand Paul wanted something more extreme thing that what Paul Ryan proposed. 




 Is anybody suprised here?  He is a neo-conservative that is sheep in clothings.  He is a just another neo-con DINO out there and we are glad to get rid of him. 




 That is a such petty law.  Good job by the Judge.   




 And you got to remember, the House of Representatives is supposed to be the people's house and that is not in the hands of the Dems.  In reality, the people's house belong to the Republican party, like or not and that is based on population.

 




 Wow! Lack of bullets? Maybe cutting a few F-35 fighters from the marine's budgets should give them enough money.   The F-35 is nothing, but a giant fiasco (http://www.allvoices.com/contributed-news/14206240-the-f35-fighter-jet-program-a-world-class-fiasco)
 




 Yet, an another Republican  know-nothing. 




 That is way too much money. 




 Thanks 




 Why does all of our politicans have to pander for AIPAC? It seems that nobody has courage to stand up to them and state that their policies contribute towards creating a hostile environment in the Middle East, and actually hinder the peace process and worsen the security environment for Isreal. 




 Isreal should gets it the across-board cut just like everybody else does.
 




 Finally, some transparency on this issue, but it does not shed light on the operational procedures for drone killings.  Such operational procedures should be discussed in a secret briefing to Congress (for national security purposes), but our lawmakers should know the operational procedures for how a  targeting drone stike is conducted.   




 Thinking that voting is somehow a entitlement is an purely indirect method of hiding one's own view of racial superiority. It suggets that one has an inferior view of poor and uneducated black people having the right to vote.  Do we give white and poor voters and deny them the right to vote? The answer is no.  

The South has infamous documented history of making voting access difficult to racial minorities and other lower-class people.  Therefore, letting the South monitior its own election is liking letting Wall Street police itself.  We know that self-regulation in the end does not exist in places where the environment itself encourages noncomplaince with federal constitutional law.  Therefore, we need to keep the voting protection acts as long as possible.  




 It is time that people learned to step up for themselves and say no to austerity economics.  Once the cuts get bad off, it is time to say "no" to austerity economics. 




 I think the main problem is that he used doomsday language to get the Republicans to sway to vote on more tax increases.  That is not simply possible.  You are going to have to elect more dems because you have to tell and demonstrate the these cuts are actually bad for the economy and you need more revenue to do it.  We actually need to experience a few months of the sequester to really to determine whether it is really harmful for the country.  If it is, than the Republicans lose the political battle and Obama will be proven right.  If not, the GOP will have some talking points for the 2014 campaign. 




 I think his poll numbers are dropping because people are beginning to see that the effects of the sequester will not be as bad as first reported.  People will see that the Republicans are right on spending cuts that the effects of the sequester are overstated (even I though I favor less spending cuts and higher taxes).  Remember, that 50% of the cuts are coming from defense which is something that we need to cut anyways and the GOP (except for some like Rand and Ron Paul) would refuse to cut it prior to the sequester 




 The house is pathetic piece of government. It does not know to how lead the government 




 Nice rack. 




 I would  recommend attending some Al-Anon meetings. They would provide some support and advice for you. Al-Anon is designed for people that have relationships with people in addiction  




 that was motherfucking funny 




 Well, I guess there are some horny 40 years old out there. 




 Time to for Sheriff Joe to resign. 




 So hot! 




 How cute! 




 I guess Germany is not going to have to be a tightwad. 




 They will get the gallows for that 




 Just shows how much Christans ignore their own scriptures when it comes to love and tolerance. 




 They know how to groove. 




 adorable! 




 That is an act of bravery.  




 What a moron. 




 Keep to a three to four a day.  Just do not drink a six pack and end up an alcoholic. 




 All I get is spam with this link. 




 So cute! 




 Should be posted under World News 




 There is no evidence that proves or disproves God existences.  Therefore, it is completly rational to believe in a god.  For example, the complete order and harmony of this universe points towards a creator of infinite intelligence.  However, we do not know its ways or neither we can comprehend it.  There are infinite amount of stars and possibliy a large amount of intelligent life out there that we cannot detect.  We do not know how God has dealt with them.  We are just finite beings with finite capacity to understand the infinite.   I belief strongly in Darwinan evolution, but I also believe that it is strongly possible for it to be power greater than ourselves to exist 




 I do not like it. 




 They know how to fight. 




 Hope you get clean and you get the help that you need to change your life. 




 3 years probabtion and 90 days in the county jail. 




 No, they are not responisble for the  person death.  The person is neligent for believing the claims of the faith healer and is responsible for their health. 




 Nice ass! 




 That is why UPS is far better than USPS.  The only good about the mail is that cheaper than UPS or FedEx. 




 Super PACS.  They do not help build movement conservatism or neither to help elect liberals to office.  They are poison to both parties and so should be banned. 




 Never heard of that before.  If it does exist, it is very obscure passage because I have never heard it any Christian or atheist circles. 




 Yeah! It was failed policy

 




 I should have checked it. 




 Please do not post it.  I consider that to be an offensive remark and I am agnostic.  I have a lot of people that are Christians that have significantly helped me with my life and recovery.  Putting people down's faith is just no no to me because their faith in God has helped my life to be better. 




 Go put Rick Perry go without health insurance for 30 days and then let him to tell you how it much sucked not having insurance.

Seriously, you make blanket statements like that means that you have take action and do what is right.  




 With who? Nobody can run elections in politics until money is removed from politics which is replaced by a surtax on the income tax that specifies that .01-.05% of all taxable income be taxed to fund the Presidential and Congressional elections.

It is not a popular idea but it would generate the amount of revenues required to fund all Presidential and Congressional elections without resorting to big money campaign donations. 




 Pepper spray for nonviolent protestors?  I thought that was only reserved for prisoners in the supermax facility who would be a real threat to guards.

Pepper sprays work goods in prison because it prevents super-max guards for using brutal force, but on a person from Occupy is going too far and should be considered a criminal action and result in a trip to the county jail for the police officers who pepper sprayed the protesters. 




 Orange County Burners.  We are at http://groups.yahoo.com/ocburners.  It is an older group, but we are friendly to everybody. 




 Sorry Fox News  you are bunch of liars.
(http://maddowblog.msnbc.msn.com/_news/2010/04/07/4126070-context-lies-and-videotapes-the-real-acorn-story)
 




 They should be monitoring pederasses, thieves, drug dealers who sell hard drugs, and robbers and not wasting taxpayer's resource on the Occupy movements. 




 That is the problem about putting links on the mobile phone sometimes. 




 It is NFSW by accident 




 They are supposed to run a public transportation system and not into become a fascist organization.  Unfortunely, I believe the culture at BART is systemic and this is why Oscar Grant is in a box because BART has not taken dramatic step to rid itself of this culture.

Until BART realizes it is primary purpose is public transit and not law enforcement, you will not see any change in the culture. 




 Maybe that reddit belongs to the cult of I-Phones. 




 The only that I have gone with using the internet in the last few years when I have been at vacation at Burning Man.  My life is so connected to Facebook, Yahoo Groups, and Meetup that I would have a hard time finding and connecting with people.  In addition, I use the internet to attend AA meetings online. 




 There is nothing  that you can do about her alcoholism.  She has to become honest and admit to herself that she is powerless over alcohol.  She has admit that her life is unmanagable and that she needs serious help like an inpatient rehab that deal especially dual diganosis cases. Or she can go to 90 AA meetings in 90 days and get a sponsor. 




 I wish that I could do that, but it made my life unmanageable and therefore, I have to a meeting a day for a long time. 




 I wish that I could use the OC bus system to save on my commute.  I would use if it took 90 minutes to get from Huntington Beach to Mission Viejo,  Sadly, it takes two and half-hours and that shows the sorry state that public transit is on the OC 




 I would personally just left the dope alone. I support Cannabis legalization even though I do not smoke and I am in recovery for alcohol abuse. 




 What a fiasco! I cannot believe Obama has sunk to this point! 




 I would use it to buy some hiking clothes, a backpack for backpacking,  I would also buy some topo maps for places for hike. 




 That is last area that we need to cut.  We need every dollar to spend on climate change and not cut the environmental bills 




 There are some services like garbage that should be outsourced like trash and IT support.  Private contractors do better at some things than public sector does.   And this is coimg from a progressive. 




 Now! That is a bachleor pad that I wanted to go into 




 Why is Obama on this issue?  He should be like Theodore Roosevelt and makes this merger DOA.  Nothing

All Obama has to state that he opposes the merger and that he instruct the FTC to block the merger.  The corporations will then back down and not merge.

Of course, Obama captiluates on everything and therefore, does not have capablity to stop large corporations because he fears them too much. 




 Than perhaps Ron Paul is right and we should eliminate the Fed. 




 Yeah, getting out of drug and alcohol addiction takes hell of lot of effort and humility.  I know! I have to recovery my addiction to alcohol and it takes a lot of effort and time.  A lot of time that could have gone into hobbies and watching TV shows on weekday nights are taken away. 

Yet, it is doable.  I have got sober three times and it is struggle, but is is possible. 




 This  make me sick to my stomach    




 Just what I need!  Congress cannot make a payment on  the debt ceiling and I do not get paid my vacation pay while I was in rehab. 




 Do you live in the OC? 




 If weed does not make your life unmanageable and you are not addict, try to set your weed smoking to a set amount of times a day.  A good advice is to take a toke every five hours on the dot.  It would mean that you smoke three blunts a day and get about 15-17 hours of work done and the weed will help you relax better. 




 yeah she is hot! 




 put it in the gay section or on your local Craigslist MFW casual sex website if you are not gay. 




 What about the problem of teenage unemployment? 




 They are crazy. 




 Sounds like this guy is not rapist, but an alcoholic who needs serious help and needs to admit and accept that he cannot recover alcohol unless he admits total powerless over and that it makes him life unmanageable and he works a program.  As an alternative, he needs to learn to motivate him to abstain and deal with the underlying problems that cause his drugs.  There is multiple paths to soberity, but it depends on how much that he wants it and you do not need an expense rehab to solve it. 




 Trying to pay for it will not help.  You should seriously consider about seeing a dating coach instead of paying money for a hooker.  Or try to see threapist that is skilled in teaching relationship skills.

If you got the money to afford hookers, you got the money to afford professional help that help you to develop social and relationship skills that you lack. 




 Drinking alone was one of most loneliest and depressing things that I did.  I did it for two years and it did not solve my problems.

Maybe it works for you though. 




 Because people are too lazy to change their old, bad habits. 




 It is all about control and fear.     




 Me too 




 Meetup is good way to make friends.  If you are into Burning Man, there is a OC Burner group here locally that gets together. http://groups.yahoo.com/groups/ocburners 




 What happened to shareholders keeping the corporations accountable for operational performance?  Clearly, an incident like this should result in no bonus for failure to achieve concrete operational goals.    




 Even as a US liberal, the government should not the business of making vodka.  Vodka is a private good and therefore, the private sector should have control over the Vodka market. 




 She is a such a douchbag! 




 Nope 




 I do not create an identity on Facebook! It is real me!  I tell people on Facebook that I am recovered alcoholic, agnostic, progressive, Burner, autistic, political junkie, and Chargers Fan.  

I do not pretend to be somebody that I am not. These people are lying to themselves because they live in fear of being themselves. 




 Great! A week of work and I get a claim of week of unemployment! Woo hoo! 




 Well, if they want to make peace with the stubborn Isrealis, than Hamas has to go.  




 Are they ever going to give up fighting the people of Gaza? Has enough blood been shed there. 




 The lesson is that you have to get that perfect buzz to make the best music. 




 Probably good old Southern Baptist 




 If you want to get rid of birthright citizenship, than the GOP also need includes a clause that include langauge that get rids of corporations as people.  Than you got your deal. 




 Your are glad that you never have to inside the Maricopa County Jail. 




 Just enjoy a quiet beer to yourself or you intend to get drunk? 




 I would lose in that game. I have zero hand-eye coordination and so that prevents me from getting addicted to video games. 




 Nope, there is the Log Cabin Republicans which are gay conservatives. Most of them favor free-market capitalism over the regulation of capital markets that Dems favor. 




 The Republicans better be careful because this stratergy could really backfire.  




 Obama will veto it. 




 What an arrogant SOB!  




 I still read old media, but I use my computer or phone to read it.  




 California cannot have a budget deficit and therefore, California is experiencing massive spending cuts. The federal government does not and therefore, not need to. Theortic ally,  it can run a deficit into eternity as long it pays the debt service cost.
 




 Just use Google Docs and use the spreadsheet function  It has portable operability because it is web-based and you do not have to Microsoft Office license to operate it. 




 There is always Afghanistan.  It is supposed to have tons of lithium. 




 There is called one problem that we have in the United States that prevent us from doing that: a massive budget deficit. 




 Your are normal toker!  People that smoke a ton of bowls every day are addicts just like alcoholics.  Unless your smoke a ton of bowls every day, continue to smoke!  The people that smokes a ton of bowls every day need to quit because their are addicts and need to abstain from use of weed. 




 I am the same way.  I like being alone for extended times, but I like going to large-scale parties.  I find it easier to mingle with people at large parties than spend significant time with somebody with one on one.  That is odd for somebody who have high-functioning autism, but that is what my social skills training good for. 




 You have no friends?  I recommend go to Meetup.com and look for a Meetup that is centered around your interests.  OC has tons of meetups.

 




 You might want to examine whether it was the result of your own making.   You might want to look into the flaws that causes the break-up of the relations.  If your self-examination discloses no findings or flaws, that she just had flaws that she needed to work and it was too difficult, given her flaws, to maintain a serious relationship with the member of the opposite sex.

You can only keep your side of street honest.  You cannot change people or control their actions.  Being rigiorously honest with oneself is the key thing to ensure honest relations with the other sex. 




 I got OCD and autism and I already addicted to Reddit.  The other webstie that I spend way too much on Google News. 




 35 




 My only criticism of the video is that they did not have some smoking hot babe as the police officer.  Than she spank you and call you a bad boy. 




 LOL 




 Yep, having a car is important.  More important is the ability to have a relationship and have excellent social skills. 




 What is the threat? Iran? 




 Now that is nation full of morons. 




 Join a credit union.  My credit union never charges me when I have enough funds. 




 I would rather have Bloomberg as President over any of the nitwit Republican any day of the week.  He might favor the plutocrats, but he does know have to govern and has good leadership skills. 




 No, that it is impossiblity. 




 The real lesson is how teach to people to have long-term soberity and quality soberity.  We do not want have the bad type of soberity like George Bush does. 




 Not all TV is bad.  There is the Science Channel, The History Channel, and other stuff.  Of course, Stewart and Cobert as well.
 




 She needs a giant hug and be told that her is okay.  Living self-pity is solution that leads to addiction.  Learn gratitude!  The key to this problem is self-acceptance.  She needs to accept for the person that she is and that by working on herself, she can work on her character flaws.

She needs to learn that perfectionism is not the goal.  It is progress in our self-development and not perfection.

 




 That was funny 




 This is an cause and the effect error.  Your reasoning suggests that people will do daring acts because the government will pick up the tab for the health care.  The reality is that this is a coincidence.

A lot of people do dangerous acts in the United States and take the risk even though they do not health insurance. 




 Yuck! That is gross 




 Yeah, I work for the man.  The military-industrial complex itself. 




 Most Americans will never watch it. 




 The reality is that most people are paying federal income taxes through payroll withholds on their payroll checks.  In most cases, there is was more money withheld on the payroll check than the actual tax liability.  This result is in a refund check and therefore, it appears that the person had paid no federal income tax, but in reality it is just a check for the excessive withholds on the payroll check. 




 Rush has not done a through 4th step in years.  Needs to write down that list of those people who he resents and the reasons for resenting those people. 




 This is all about net neturality issue. 




 On Healthcare = The Government is not going far enough on that issue.  There should be a robust public option competing aganist private insurance companies
On Education =  Repeal No Child Left Behind and let local school boards control the curriculum 




 Glen Beck will like George Soros being gone.  Of course, Beck is using Soros as a scapegoat because he does not want really debate policy issues. 




 It is lack of people knowing the proper media resources. Most people are low-information voters and do not about the rich treasure trove of progressive media out there.

I consider myself to be a high-information voter and therefore, I know all of the major conservative and progressive blogs. 




 I do not think so. 




 I voted for it, even though it should have been part of a massive prison reform and controlled substance reform act. 




 Go to Google News and type site:ft.com and Gideon.  That is how you get access to the article 




 That was good video 




 That is funny 




 Hmmm.  You could a mobilizer site like Baresite to get around the filter.   




 It sounds like a good show. 




 I am at home watching the rally, but I have to clean out my car and take it to the car wash. 




 This is fucking sweet 




 I do not why the mass populace is voting for the Republican party.  I think that these people place too much reliance on talk radio, Drudge Report, and Fox News.

In my neck of the woods, I have Pacifica, KPCC,  and KTLK 1150 AM. I also read the OC Register which climate change denier paper, but my news analysis comes from Thom Hartmann and Pacifica and therefore, I will not vote for Republicans based on the information that was dissesmated.  People that listen to conservative get half-truths most of the time.  At times, Beck and his ilk are partially right, but they distort the rest of the story which creates a half-truth.

Our voters rely on half-truth equate it with truth and therefore, will vote Republicans because of their inablity to listen to diverse news sources. 




 I would rather go to war and they would put me all day on working on intelligence gathering via computers.

Prison? Forget it? The gangs would rape me. 




 and they have no clue about that there are serving the corporations. 




 And the tea baggers are being taken advantage of. 




 Me too. I am Reddit when I should be learning dance steps. 




 It does not go far enough. Vote No on Prop 19.  Wait until 2014 for the California Prison Reform   Control Substance Act  




 Your are sick fucker. 




 Out of my friends that are Christians, they actually read it and know it quite well..  But my friends are exceptions to the rule. 




 And most of the people who watch it are bunch of dumbasses.  Go on Topix and you find a bunch of people who agree with Fix News.

I listen to Pacifica and MSNBC for the commentary on the news and I rely on Google News for getting the headlines. 




 I think you submitted the wrong link 




 I am going to vote no.  Why? I have better solution to Prop 19 and my problem solves the California Prison Crisies. 




 He should have the golden light and quit.  Heroin is serious drug that should not be messed with.

My friends use drugs, but they stay away from heroin, crack, and meth.  Most of them are not addicts and use drugs safely.  Those drugs can kill and rob lives.

 




 Who cares about what Bill O thinks?  He wants the US return back to the 1950s again.

Which was a more prosperous time in this country, but a time where intolerance and social conservatism were far more widespread than today.  And, yes being an atheist was far more frowned on than it is today. 




 How was the trip? 




 I do not get that 




 Maybe they are actually showing Christian forgiveness which is the message of the gospel . 




 A lot of pastors in the church would agree with you on that subject.   This is the problem that the church is trying to tackle

(http://blogsearch.google.com/blogsearch?hl=en ie=UTF-8 q=biblical+illiteracy spell=1 oi=spell sa=X)
 




 Yeah! You need the program my friend.  Time to quit! And it can be done without God because I do not believe in God and I got 21 months! Plus I went to Burning Man at least once without drinking.

So the party is not over just because you cannot drink any more! Matter, fact, it might justh has began. 




 This obscene 




